  if i were , i would n't pursue it . 
  b ) i. 
  at least you have to have your documents checked at a wall . 
  if you do n't have any , they 're fake , or they 're wrong , you 're not let in . 
  it 's much easier to capture a terrorist in the area of czechia than schengen . 
  if the bataclan attackers could n't escape back to belgium , it would have been much easier for the french authorities . 
  seeing as most terrorists who would attack czechia would come from outside the country , yeah , that 's something they 'd likely say . 
  not nearly as much as i 'm afraid of the ones in schengen . 
  considering the fact that anyone can come in and out as many times as they can at the moment , it 's a pretty realistic worry . 
  something else i 'm also worried about is women 's rights ; a pretty non-existent term in the muslim world . 
  seeing as i live in the biggest muslim country in the world at the moment , i 'd say i have a bit more experience with that than you . 
  so to avoid doing that , i should be na\u00efve and discount the massive likeliness of an `` extremely unlikely '' event happening . 
  interesting idea . 
  thanks , mutti !, 
  note : have you read about all the foiled attacks recently and the `` britons '' smuggling massive amount of weapons and ammo into greece ? 
  and now consider how many of those will go unnoticed . 
  keeping in mind that about 85 % of the czech population is atheist and the rest pretty much christian , watch this : http://youtu.be/o1lnxuxwgge . 
  `` rescuing ex-muslims : leaving islam '', 
  yup . 
  because that 's what a bataclan in the v4 would have done . 
  comparing christians and atheists willing to integrate completely with muslims who only want to segregate themselves is totally a fair point . 
  seconded . 
  do n't supply them with ideas . 
  who knows who might be reading this ... 
  it was all great until the germans ( minority ) living in the sudetes decided they wanted to make czech lands german , and then said `` what the hell '' and took the rest with tanks . 
  obviously not something that would happen now , but scale that down to city neighborhoods and ieds and you 'll get something resembling the current and future situation in most of the willkomenskultur countries . 
  because you can surely compare catholic latin americans to muslim middle easterners in terms of similarity of culture and integration into society in western countries . 
  yes , locally-bred children of middle eastern muslim immigrants by non-locals . 
  just like those `` britons '' caught smuggling massive supplies of weapons and ammo to greece a couple days ago . 
  thing is , even if we wanted to , germany 's the one who makes the decisions . 
  the netherlands sometimes wags a finger , france sometimes says something , but that 's really it . 
  the small countries have very little power in the eu , and when we do do something that goes against merkel , it 's referred to as betrayal ( see german newd about the current v4 summit ) . 
  this is the problem . 
  germany has become the ultimate decision-maker , pushing countries like the v4 , and as we can see above , portugal , latvia , and other small countries to the side . 
  why ca n't smaller countries voice their opinions without being treated like second-class europeans ? 
  why ca n't we actually do something instead for waiting for an `` europ\u00e4ische l\u00f6sung '' from mutti , which has already failed ? 
  oh , right . 
  i 've forgotten where we live . 
  the fourth reich . 
  we ca n't really do very much , and when we do , like now , german media calls it a betrayal ( not sure what the exact word was , but this seems quite fitting ) . 
  so really , the only thing we 're allowed to do is accept whatever mutti says . 
  and that wo n't happen . 
  then the balkans can close their borders , and so can outer schengen countries . 
  because albania , macedonia ( no , not fyrom , it 's called macedonia ) , and bulgaria can actually protect their borders instead of coming up with excuses . 
  what about the hotspots you 're supposed to have , instead of shipping them all to pireaus and relying on their goodness of heart to turn up at a registration point ? 
  refer to my comment . 
  so far , greece has done very little to reduce migrant flow , and if that fails , properly register them . 
  now we see that merkel 's deal with erdogan has failed , too . 
  therefore , we must find an alternative solution . 
  since bulgaria , macedonia , and albania are the closest land borders , it is only logical to continue there . 
  this might discourage potential migrants from coming , since they wo n't be able to continue to germany . 
  permanent migration distribution quotas will be ineffective in the long run ; these people want to go to and stay in germany . 
  even if you scattered them all across member states , you 'd just defer the problem , since they 'd find their way back to germany very easily ( schengen ) and very quickly . 
  as well as that , the recipient countries under the scheme do n't want the migrants ( incl . 
  yours truly ) in their countries , so they 'd very gladly support them in their journey back to mutti . 
  we 've learned from the experiences of belgium , france , the netherlands , the uk , sweden , and others , and concluded that accepting muslim migrants is not a wise decision . 
  our doors are still open to the vietnamese , ukrainians , and others , though . 
  this is a backup plan . 
  if greece comes about to finally erect the eu-mandated hotspots and merkel manages to actually get a solid deal with erdogan , it wo n't have to be instituted . 
  it would be extremely short-sighted to not have a plan b ready , however , and that 's what the v4 is trying to do . 
  the rest of the eu is simply waiting for a miracle to happen , and that is , inarguably , not helping anything at all . 
  the reason why your post is getting downvoted , i assume , is that people disagree with your opinion . 
  that 's what downvotes are for . 
  as for why , my best guess is that they 're tired of the impotence of `` europe '' and they think this proposal might actually accomplish something , instead of giving erdogan 3 billion $ and getting threats in return . 
  i , of course , do n't know if this proposal will work , but it sure as hell wo n't be less successful than what 's been done before , since it has n't gotten us anywhere and it 's wasted precious time . 
  as well as that , many of us feel like we 're being treated as second-class countries , and we 've had enough of merkel deciding everything . 
  note : i 've lived in greece for three years , i love the country , i love the people , and i want to live there again , but criticism is necessary . 
  you certainly have much more influence than we do . 
  what the ecb is doing right now is bending the rules and buying the bonds of every single eurozone country based on the % of its nominal gdp related of the total , meaning that even though it can technically buy state bonds , it is idiotic in its implementation - by trying to aid in one way , it tragically harms in another , which , in this case , is germany 's pension funds . 
  surplus recycling mechanism 1 . 
  yes , we do . 
  every single nation ( that i know of ) disperses wealth internally , either by direct transfers or direct investment . 
  it would not be able to survive otherwise . 
  maybe it 's just your misunderstanding that is leading you to this premature conclusion ; stiglitz and davidson are in favour of it , and the two of them know a lot more about economics than you or i do . 
  our economies did comparably bad during the crisis - it depends on what indicators you 're looking at . 
  the problem with the euro , though , is more long term than just looking at the performance of the economy during the last financial crisis ; you need to look at the structural issues of the whole system rather than data from one crisis to see the problem . 
  the treaty of accession of 2003 mandates that every country that joined the eu in 2004 must adopt the euro once it meets the convergence criteria , which the czech republic [ has ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_republic_and_the_euro ) in all but name . 
  the thing is , the treaty contains a loophole , which allows a country to put off the adoption of the euro indefinitely . 
  that loophole is erm ii ; a country is not required to join after a given amount of time or when it reaches certain criteria . 
  it is purely up to the parliament to decide when that will be , and the support for that is extremely low among the public . 
  the problem with using that as a supporting argument is that the euro is not simply an issue of pure economics . 
  one of the fundamental reasons the euro was created was to foster a pan-european identity , which is a sociocultural issue . 
  as well as that , for former eastern bloc nations , the euro is a symbol of joining western european countries , which is , again , a sociocultural issue . 
  if one were to look at the eurozone from a purely economic point of view , which the majority of any population does n't , it would be obvious that in its current state , the zone is unsustainable and when a crisis comes , as it inevitably will again , it causes massive harm to the member countries . 
  sure , we tend to do things in our own way , sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse , but that is an irrelevant ad hominem if i 've ever seen one . 
  you 're completely dismissing the massive structural problems the eurozone has - ecb 's sole focus on inflation and inability to buy state bonds , and a lack of a surplus recycling mechanism , among others . 
  just because we 're not willing to jump on the bandwagon and ditch the advantages of having a full-fledged central bank like you did does n't make us somehow worse . 
  on the contrary , it makes us better off . 
  right , like when they had to bail out deutsche bank and others in 2011 . 
  just as us , you meet the [ criteria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland_and_the_euro ) . 
  the only steps missing are the erm and legislation compatibility . 
  and with luck , we 'll never join the eurozone at all . 
  if you 're wondering why , listen to a couple stiglitz 's and varoufakis ' talks , and if you 're really interested , read their books . 
  europe is n't . 
  you are . 
  sad day for europe . 
  live thread : https://www.reddit.com/live/xbjp5vsfrw76, 
  right ? 
  i mean , who would 've thought ? 
  it 's a bad one , at best .
