when you live in a shit village where you have barely enough to send your kids to school , or your country is at war and you could die any moment , europe actually * is * better . 
  even if you get a minimum wage salary . 
  if every time an immigrant moves to europe gets bombed and starves to death , they would come back . 
  but they do n't . 
  living as a poor person in europe is 100 times better than living as a poor person in syria or eritrea . 
  so it 's not paradise , but it 's good enough . 
  problem is the ridiculously high expectations and then the demands that come from them . 
  ok let 's hope so !, 
  i really hope for the sake of everybody this filthy erdogan is not only going to be kicked out of office , but will go to jail for all the corruption and crimes he has committed . 
  this is tremendously interesting and very well written . 
  the recent developments with opposition parties and the kurds is just an extension of erdogan 's power grabs . 
  at this point , i am sadly pretty sure that democracy under erdogan is a thing of the past . 
  if he gets reelected in the early elections , i think there is a fair chance he can change the constitution and become president . 
  do you think there is any hope ? 
  i mean the guy is already starting to try and ban hdp . 
  if they are banned i do n't see how there will be enough opposition to prevent him from transforming into a wannabee caliph . 
  thoughts on that ? 
  do n't oversimplify a very complex situation . 
  i would like to see you sitting by idly if your people were oppressed and massacred for 30 years , and your peaceful political representatives threatened by 24 years of jail for absolutely no reason but a power hungry erdogan . 
  let 's not forget what he did to the kurds . 
  that was n't progressive at all . 
  raising minimum wage for farmers alone is insane . 
  there should be a raise of the minimum wage for the entire population to help them live decently . 
  western europe is after all developed enough to have their own population live decently . 
  arguing otherwise is utter bullshit , there are countless economists that clearly demonstrate that raising the minimum wage will not destroy an economy if you do it properly . 
  anyways , i 've had this debate at least 1000 times , i know by now that you wo n't budge and that i wo n't change my mind either . 
  it 's obvious you know nothing you are talking about . 
  i have family who live in a small town in germany and there are a ton of farmers who work closeby . 
  suicides , depressed , poor as you could be in a developed country . 
  you clearly know nothing about poverty or what it means to live on a minimum wage that is of around 7 or 8 euros in germany . 
  have some compassion . 
  they are human beings , not animals . 
  they are the ones who grow your food for fuck 's sake . 
   if someone can have a good life in germany on 7eur per hour farming . 
  then let them . 
  they ca n't get a good life . 
  they are poor . 
  you should definitely consider it , so many people here are genuinely interested and will ask very good questions . 
  i love to understand how things work . 
  you already made front page , and there are millions of redditors on ama . 
  best of luck to you and thank you for your service to humanity !, 
  yeah , that 's what happened with argentina a long time ago , but it still hurt their economy, 
  yes for now , but it 's a slippery slope !, 
  look at what is going on in england , it 's depressing : /, 
  really ? 
  one euro jobs , suppression of minimum wage , complete disregard for massive anti-austerity movements ( austerity that even the imf considers to be harmful ) , suppression of the most basic welfare , secretive negotiations of tpp ... 
  the list goes on . 
  i am absolutely unsatisfied with this new trend that the capital is being distributed among our fellow citizen . 
  it is absolutely unacceptable . 
  edit : sorry ttip * was reading an article about tpp at the same time . 
  it looks like a green man is fucking that guy in the ass . 
  sends the wrong message haha . 
  the leftist in me is terrified of this . 
  i hope they are not going to shove horrible ultra capitalistic reforms with no regard for humanity down our throats like in germany or england . 
  sadly , i 'm pretty sure this is what is going to happen . 
  unless we revolt !, 
  increase compared to 20-30 years ago , reemergence if you go all the way to before atat\u00fcrk got rid of religion . 
  but then , i have no knowledge of how islam was in turkey before atat\u00fcrk . 
  all i know is that they were indeed more religious before him , than after him . 
  my initial point was a reply to sensitive_nob , who said that the religious nuts were in the east . 
  it 's not limited to the east anymore , it 's moving around the country . 
  and yes , there has been an increase in more conservative , religious views . 
  that 's where akp got almost all of their votes from . 
  stronger views on religion used to be limited to the eastern parts of turkey , but with economic development and all that , there is a lot of movement of the population . 
  also , islam is becoming stronger in turkey . 
  akp had full power for 13 years in a row , of course they are bound to lose at some point . 
  i still think that islam is developing around turkey as a whole , not just the east . 
  if you disagree , enlighten me , i want to hear what you have to say . 
  mmmmh that was true years ago , bu the trend has changed . 
  religion is now much more homogenous in the country . 
  one question , would n't it be strategically better to vote for hdp specifically for these elections ? 
  it would ensure them 10 % in the parliament . 
  also , it would be worth it just to piss off erdodog haha, 
  i agree with the general lines of what you are saying , but if hdp gets its 10 % , there is going to be a real difference . 
  i really hope that 's going to happen . 
  the simple fact that their buildings are getting bombed shows how badly hdp needs to be in parliament . 
  i hate the fact that akp is reaping the benefits of other people 's work . 
  hopefully hdp is going to make the 10 % . 
  i 'd love to see erdogan 's face if that happened, 
  i do n't think that you really understand the stakes here , nor know akp enough to say something like that, 
  said no woman ever, 
  that 's actually a big issue , because the kids that grew up in the 90 's have been through soooo much shit , they are impossible to negotiate with . 
  when that generation grows up and gradually starts to take control , the pkk is not going to mess around anymore . 
  it 's going to be a total war . 
  so much vote brigading, 
   so the pkk should perform terrorism because kurdish civilians have died during operations done to remove pkk after them performing terrorist activities . 
  what about the peaceful hdp party ? 
  why do their offices get burned down ? 
  why are there no investigations when that happens ? 
  why do kurdish politicians have their immunity stripped away ? 
  why are kurdish lawyers getting shot in the streets ? 
   hmm . . sounds like a never-ending spiral if you ask me . 
  a logic that will never bring anything productive to that region . 
  exactly . 
  it 's the middle east for you . 
  you compare turkey to decolonization of british rule and to a referendum in scotland . 
  you have absolutely no idea of what is going on and yet you allow yourself to emit judgement . 
  i find it insulting . 
  you do n't even know what happened to kurds in turkey in the 1980 's and the 1990 's and what is still going on to this day . 
  `` peaceful '' easy to say when you have never had to fight for a single thing in your life .
