  after having spent months sleeping in tents and on the floor , any sane person would feast as fuck if they get free housing . 
  not burn it down while their friends are inside . 
  there is no evidence or information to infer such a thing from this article . 
  the migrants have been on the road for months , that 's just a straight up fact , not an opinion . 
  i really doubt their first reaction would be to burn down their housing as soon as they get it after sleeping on the floor and in tents for such a long time . 
  i 'm not telling you to fall in love with migrants , you 're free to dislike them as much as you want , but use common sense before saying they burnt it down . 
  who in his right mind puts his own people at risk by leaving them in a burning building , just because they do n't like the location ? 
  the article says there were people who got sick from the smoke . 
  does it mean that they stayed in the burning building long enough to breathe in enough smoke to make it appear as an accident ? 
  if you want to criticize them , at least do it when it 's appropriate , if they start riots or something . 
  - `` oh , it smells bad in here . '', 
  - `` the migrants fart everywhere on purpose so that the locals leave and they can get free housing '' . 
  this is what you sound like to me . 
   when life was hard and death was so common . 
  exactly how it is in the middle east , as we speak . 
  jobless , poor , wars ... 
  that 's utterly insane , polls are used for so many things . 
  they give a good idea what people think . 
  it 's not the most accurate thing in the world , but it works . 
  i mean if you are going to start thinking like this , then you can never trust any poll that has ever been made ... 
  yeah these graphs are pretty cool . 
  says a lot . 
  pkk was founded as a response to turkish ultra nationalism . 
  it never existed before your people started to oppress mine . 
  if it were n't for the pkk , we would not have the rights we have today . 
   the hired assassin of the region under the command of imperial powers . 
  please stop this . . you are so obsessed with imperial westerners trying to take over turkey . .  children , especially a baby in a crib do n't even start man . 
  this video is just one more drop in a fucking ocean of unacceptable behavior . 
  i bet the perpetrators are n't going to get shit , maybe a little probation and they will be relaxed when it 's going to be forgotten about . 
  i hope everybody realizes that these actions only swell up the ranks of the pkk even more . 
  do n't be surprised if the sons and daughters of this man pick up arms and join the pkk . 
  that 's continental , no ? 
  what 's anatolian weather ? 
  and macaronesian sounds like a pasta dish, 
  it 's much more expensive to process . 
  saudi oil is of excellent quality . 
  you guys need a saakashvili . 
  they are rare , but they exist . 
  no problem with that , but if you 're not going to read the article you should n't vote or comment on it . 
  a motherfuckin ' gayfish . 
  text posts now generate karma too . 
  not retroactive though , so your old text posts are n't going to generate karma , only the new ones . 
  ah thanks for this !, 
  oh yes , not only lybia but over the course of france 's history , many more african countries !, 
  i do n't know much about sierra leone, 
   in no small part because the eu and us did n't want to get involve in someone else 's sovereign issues . 
  there was simply nothing to gain for them out of it . 
  germany was an ideological battle . 
  so was korea and vietnam . 
   because they just hate armenians out of nowhere . 
  a lot actually do hate them though . 
  `` armenian '' is an insult , they are seen as backstabbers and traitors that deserved what happened to them . 
  i 'm not saying everyone does , but definitely * lots * of people think this in turkey . 
  germany was split up in two , so was korea ( and it remains so to this day ) . 
  not good examples . 
  balkans are still fucked to this day , they are starting to arm up again and tensions are slowly rising . 
  they are poor as fuck . 
  kosovo is a mess , they hate each other . 
  as i said before , if you are going to intervene , go the entire way , do n't half ass it . 
  japan is the only truly successful and necessary invasion imo . 
  and it 's because the us had no other choice , and because they cleaned up after themselves . 
  what other examples can you think of ? 
  this is the kind of bullshit thought that lead to the most absurd and destructive wars in modern history . 
  the best way to prevent wars is to stop fucking around with other countries ' sovereignty , but if you really * have * to invade ( and some very exceptional cases require it ) , then you must assume the brunt of the responsibility of the result of the war , not pull out like a coward and leave everything in shit behind you . 
  * hon hon hon * , merci monsieur !, 
  if you do n't give me a recipe for an excellent egg sandwich , then you are a liar and deserve to have a hard boiled egg inserted inside of your rectum by a an old man with a moustache who smells like bleach . 
  dude this is so fucked up . 
  i feel really bad for you man . 
  i understand how a lack of freedom of speech feels like . 
  it feels really bad and is kind of scary . 
  i hope you get back to insulting whoever it is you want to insult , and make the jokes you want to make one day . 
  this is fucking crazy shit . 
  i have never heard of crazy shit like this before , tayyip is taking it to a whole new level , it 's scary as fuck . 
  well in any case , why not use a vpn ? 
  is it forbidden ? 
   there is so much i could say but i have a court order to not speak of such things again for some time otherwise i could get my ip tracked by the police again and taken back to the court again so thank you for reading . 
  are you serious ? 
  is this really a thing ? 
  boy he really wants that dick, 
  i do n't want to eat bleached chicken that is going to ruin our farms because it 's going to cost half the price of the local stuff . 
  i do n't want to eat hormones , and i do n't want atrazine in my veggies . 
  i do n't want iron supplements with 888 % of daily value ( true story ) or 24h energy drinks that turn you into a red-purple freak ( true story ) . 
  medecine in the us costs 20 times more than in france . 
  i do n't want the shitty agriculture , fucked up insurance and health lobbies to ruin our countries . 
  i do n't want gigantic lobbies to sue my country just because our government is not prostituting itself for election funds . 
  i do n't give a shit about the benefits retired german people are going to get when everything else is going to be ruined for us in france and in other countries . 
  i am completely against this nonsense , we are two different countries and have different needs . 
  she loves it because it will be great for the german industry ( cars , machines ) . 
  it 's going to be terrible for pretty much everything else . 
  especially for food and health products . 
  edit : typo, 
  once it 's washed and prepared , does it still smell ? 
  russia is really prone to indigestion in particular . 
  it was napoleon 's ulcer, 
  i 'll eat beans , sure , but breakfast ??? 
  where do you get such an appetite in the morning, 
  you do n't eat dinner because you ca n't digest your lunch and throw up alsace lorraine , 
  who in his right mind eats beans and sausages ... for breakfast ???? 
  they are sadly always forgotten . . 
  it 's just defeating isis that put them on the spotlight , when isis is gone , so are the kurds .
