you were upvoted because you were right , you can edit pictures that way without imgur changing the url , that 's the whole point of that feature . 
  no , it does n't that 's the cool thing . 
  yeah no shit . 
  me too . 
  crap . 
  because now the whole world knows of them , and you 've just given them more attention . 
  firstly : * affect people . 
  secondly : all robbers and burglars eat bread too , do n't they ? 
  just because some of them were inspired by movies or games , does n't mean that everybody 's gon na take them as inspiration . 
  i 'm downloading the stream right now , will upload it tomorrow !, 
  oh come on . . 
  with that attitude of course not , and that 's the whole problem . 
  let 's see if i can work up the courage , not very piratey , i know . 
  now i want a pirate flag . 
  but what if i want the flag of the [ afghanistan emirates from 1880-1991 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=file:flag_of_afghanistan_\\ ( 1880 % e2 % 80 % 931901 \\ ) . svg & page = 1 ) ? 
  ah i see - since i 'm not really an anarchist , i 'll just let it drop . 
  they probably took it out or something , damn . 
  there 's no black flag there to select , why do you think i asked :(, 
  how do you get a black flag as flair ? 
  9/11 was not carried out bei alienated immigrant kids from the suburbs , so there should be no problem on this front either . 
  well , i know how to do that , but it * is * a significant amount of clicks more :p even i like the tool more than doing all those clicks . 
  the tool has google dns automatically . 
  you download the zip , run the . exe from the zip or extract it and then run the . exe , select the google dns , right click -  use or press f2 , and that 's it . 
  i am currently in denmark , and you can circumvent these `` bans '' by simple using google dns instead of your providers ' . 
  use [ quicksetdns ] ( http://www.nirsoft.net/utils/quick_set_dns.html ) for example , although you do n't need it , but it makes it easier for the average user to do this . 
  they have brilliant additions sometimes , yes - but overall i think that the books are a lot better , even if we are probably not getting a better adaptation , ever . 
  it 's one of my favourites scenes :( it 's so boring in the show . 
  they just say goodbye and that 's it ( he does kill tywin after it , but it all does n't have the same oomph it has in the books ) . 
  yeah . 
  the first two/three seasons were great , but it 's been very downhill from season 4 on . 
  it 's still ok , but far from the good interpretation s1 and s2 were . 
  oh , and they did n't even include jaime lying about tysha ( they did n't include her * at all * in season 4 ) . 
  they split up on good terms - at least before jaime realises tyrion killed tywin . 
  yeah ... and i 'm still sore about them not including `` yes , i killed your vile son . '', 
  after jaime spills the truth about tysha . 
  it also has something to do with things that happened in your lifetime , and things that happened 40 years before you were even born . 
  well , not everything is made specifically to kill things and usually has some other purpose , unlike guns  nuff said . 
  yes , but that would just make it even easier for a crazy person to get a loaded gun . 
  the reason gun crime is so low in most of europe is because not every fucking idiot is allowed to carry a gun for no good reason . 
  yes , but why the hell would they need guns on an island , during a youth meetup ? 
   in places where they do n't the only place that would be is in your own home , or in a privately rented hall or something . 
  for fucks sake , the whole * point * of a demonstration is to disturb people , to call attention to it , to the facts your demonstrating about etc. 
  there is a biiig difference between storming a parliament and demonstrating in front of it my friend . 
  assaulting the parliament as citizens is not fascist . 
  it always depends on the goals of whomever storms it . 
  and after `` storming '' it , you might simply hold up some posters inside or whatnot , it does n't mean you 're going to dispose of the government . 
  and obviously cracking down hard on any kind of demonstration , and then forbidding the documentation of that is more fascist than demonstrating . 
  additionally , if people are so pissed off by the entire government apparatus they 're trying to storm the parliament , maybe something is going wrong . 
  funnily enough , most of the ( western ) world thinks so . 
  do n't you see that forbidding free speech ( demonstating includes that ) and cracking down on people who use their right to it is * exactly * what every dicatorship since hitler has been doing ? 
  it 's not usually a sign of a functioning democracy . 
  `` ca n't get any worse '' is just asking for it :p, 
  yeah , i do n't really see the problem either . 
  it 's pretty new for netflix to have episodes instantly anyway . 
  for various other reasons the netflix version will also look and sound better than any hdtv rip . 
  hdtv rips which come out almost instantly after the episode airs . 
  because we all know that almost * every country in europe is full of those things . 
  maybe they should n't walk around with illegal weapons , then . 
  and almost everybody in this thread is falling right into their trap . 
  it 's absolutely sad . 
  `` heads should roll '' , `` there is blood on their hands '' ... what the fuck ? 
  `` i got the worst fucking attorneys . '', 
  you do n't either . 
  and as long as he was n't convicted in front of a public court of law ( be it us or afghani ) i do n't give a shit about any probabilities . 
  guantanamo bay and the other unnamed torture prisons of the us are not in any way justified or legal and * certainly * do n't help their case . 
  do n't worry man , i got you upvote wise . 
  nazis gon na be nazis wherever they are . 
  the whole fun is gone without the original voices since they 're all mostly voiced by trey & matt . 
  it 's still funny , but not nearly the same . 
  at the very least skrillex & zedd are really good music producers in general . 
  guetta has been djing since the 80s , just so you know ... now he 's shit , but he theoretically knows how to dj properly . 
  he never really produced anything ( except maybe traffic ) - you mean * released * under his name . 
  plus , even 4chan forgave us . 
  so please ? 
  i 'd just like to say hi as a german in that context ... 
  in my experience sending a simple mod ue back is enough nowadays , unless you live in munich or hamburg ( those are the courts that wave all the ip address requests through ) . 
  they 're looking for easy money and winning the court cases is very unlikely nowadays . 
  unless you live in munich or hamburg ... 
  the lawfirm that did this actually got their license removed , too . 
  and they have been for decades , with very likely direct support by the german state via the verfassungsschutz . 
  probably since all the germans have migrated away from this subreddit in the last few months for obvious reasons . 
  apart from that , the bnd * has * been critised for what it 's been doing in the german press . 
  he 's a / r/worldnews and / r/europe regular - of course he is . 
  i mean , it might be funny if this were n't a frontpaged post that got upvoted thanks to german humor . 
  he is an idiot though , that 's factually true ... 
   that 's a figure of speech . 
  oh , then it 's allright . 
  i live in germany . 
  germany 's safety is not crumbling . 
  not even in its capital city , where i live right next to a refugee camp . 
  it will crumble easier if idiots like you say hysterical crap like that . 
  how is an axe attack and a shootout even remotely similar ? 
  and as far as i know , none happened today . 
  yeah sure germany has faults , but you 're just spouting complete bs . 
  get out of here with your facts , / r/europe does n't appreciate rational , non-fear-mongering discussion . 
  comments like this make me mad . 
  where exactly is german safety crumbling ? 
  this is exactly the fear-mongering that happened post 9/11 , and that one was actually pretty fucking crazy . 
  this is * nothing * . 
  your democracy is absolutely crumbling , german safety not so much .
