  you 'll also have to explain who in `` the north '' has oil ? 
  the uk and norway rely upon it heavily , who else ? 
  and in ireland . 
  not exactly sure what / u/lampishthing is shiteing on about . 
  when you say he cut hte mental health funding , do you mean that thing a few years ago when the hse could n't spend $ 35 million and gave it back ? 
  i 'd say it 'd have cracking plumage . 
  a green-white-and-orange bird of paradise . 
  say what you want about assassin 's creed , but they recreated that corner of the world beautifully . 
  an awful lot of people are surprisingly familiar with certain tuscan towns as a result . 
  are you suggesting neoliberalism is the `` economic far right ? '', 
  that 's mental . 
  yeah , those should be english jobs for english people . 
  i mean , he died so he could do weird stuff with young fellas whilst dressed as c\u00fachulainn , so , y' know , the two tvs thing is probably for the best . 
  i suspect their own preferred approach was to have a compliant greece accept austerity , and then to have both parties soften the blow somewhat . 
  that preserves the eu 's position and has greece `` punished '' sufficient to appease everyone who hated them ( i.e. 
  most of eastern europe and the northern europeans ) and give them an olive branch and a bit of a present . 
  varoufakis came roaring in causing trouble and greece had to be battered into compliance or leave the euro . 
  they chose compliance . 
  he 's extremely smart but has the political nous of a puppy . 
  he went into the negotiations for greece in a manner that damaged his country . 
  obviously his motivations were good , but the result was unhelpful for greece . 
  it 's mad to see such tourist-y places voting fn . 
  i appreciate they probably loathe all of us who spend time down there , but the economies are built on it . 
  when has anybody in ireland ever given a shit about that ? 
  the cambro-normans were normans who 'd conquered southern wales . 
  yeah , i 'd say the baltic states `` chose '' to let the soviet tanks roll in after your lot left . 
  touch\u00e9 !, 
  would you ever go and shite with that bullshit apologism . 
  crimea was part of ukraine and he annexed it . 
  i do n't recall any self-determination referendum before russian troops moved into crimea . 
  where do you think he would stop exactly ? 
  russia 's economy is fucked , they need to do something to arrest that soon . 
  conquering their neighbours is a handy temporary solution . 
  why do you think all of russia 's neighbours are building up their own armed forces and desperately seeking to have americans stationed there ? 
  what 's fair ? 
  letting them absorb their neighbours because they want to ? 
  maybe germany fancies alsace lorraine again , will melanchon be `` fair '' with them ? 
  so nato broke the status quo by letting in more countries who did n't want to be conquered by russia again ... ? 
  he sounds like a cunt . 
  the greeks themselves are hardly renowned for paying taxes or voting for sensible candidates . 
  excusing them entirely would have been utterly wrong . 
  putin has invaded his neighbours . 
  if you do n't bring military options to the table it 's pointless . 
  he has repeatedly pushed the aggressive military option himself . 
  appeasement of dictators does not work . 
  i like kuper , he 's very good on football , but i 'm not sure that 's accurate . 
  well , they 'd need a referendum tbh . 
  at the moment , anyway . 
  it is n't something that the constitution understood it to mean , and given how backwards we are on family/marriage shit , it has n't changed . 
  they 're appealling a different point i believe . 
  i may be incorrect . 
  my understanding is that the initial case has been upheld . 
  either way , the decision will stand . 
  it 's following a long tradition here . 
  the original hc judgement also finishes with a request for legislation at the very least from the d\u00e1il . 
  it 's not really up to the judiciary to allow it , even if that 's what i 'd like to happen . 
  turkey never colonised by imperialist europeans ? 
  gosh i wonder why that would be . 
  would n't have anything to do with the ottomans slave-trading empire that spent much of history attempting to conquer europe , would it ? 
  in fairness to the turks , they have an odd relationship with europe , they 're the only euro-centric middle eastern nation bar israel , and for very different reasons . 
  i 'd be amazed if they do n't eventually join the eu , but only if they remain a secular nation . 
  hardly surprising really , their country has gone into total meltdown , this is exactly the time shit like this happens . 
  that 's a helpful perspective . 
  because contemporary thinking was that all men of ireland were irish , whether of irish origin of not . 
  from the normans and vikings of the middle ages , to the later planted peoples , we were all one and the same . 
  after all , many of our great heroes were protestants , wolfe tone , etc , for example . 
  initially , ireland was envisaged as being a republic , with all sides of the community to be represented . 
  at the time , catholic and protestant did n't represent pro and anti english views . 
  well that 's an extreme perspective . 
  yeah , as i said , it 's all the same stuff , just approached differently . 
  yup . 
  and aggravated theft . 
  we do n't have that . 
  also , what we call burglary is breaking in and committing a serious offence , it 's mostly just the trespassy part for germany . 
  funny the little differences . 
  same shit 's illegal , though . 
  just phrased differently . 
  you absolute hero . 
  burglarly 's completley different in germany . 
  interesting . 
  it is when it leaves the majority in the centre . 
  ah the moment 's passed . 
  i was studying property crimes and wanted to compare the civil law equivalents . 
  and yeah , big countries tend to generate a lot of legislation . 
  we did n't get anybody . 
  i 'd agree on that . 
  if anything , he 's great for europe , as he fillets all the gobshites out of your lots centre-right and drags them ( happily ) to the futher ends of the right . 
  aw , it 's all in german . 
  any way to read it in english ? 
  also , how come you do n't just have an www.irishstatutebook.ie ? 
  in ireland and it 's majorly humid today . 
  dry heat 'd be lovely , but not this . 
  europe invented patriotism and used it to happily make war upon the world . 
  i thought the greeks were teh sea people ? 
  they fucked up the egyptians ' shit , not the greeks . 
  i went out with a girl who was friesian back in the day . 
  ( well she was a limburger , but her parents were both from friesland . ), 
  mad bastards . 
  which , as i said , leaves out our dialects . 
  they did n't do the hiberno-english dialects , which seems odd , given how excellent it is otherwise .
