  the issue is that he 's cut from a similar cloth . 
  call it the varoufakis problem . 
  everybody else negotiating with him was somebody who 'd fought their way to being their country 's minister for finance . 
  nobody at that level is going to be a pushover . 
  the real issue was a very vocal group that exists everywhere . 
  most people are n't that bothered by free trade agreements , it 's not something anyone has an emotional connection with . 
  does it work to preserve germany 's economy ? 
  i mean , if the downside of a strong economy is a degree of inter-generational wealth preservation , is it a price worth paying ? 
  i 'm there every summer and i 've never seen one . 
  same issue as in iceland . 
  you can charge people for committing crimes , not for being a bit optimistic about the market 's future . 
  one of the reasons people do n't understand things is that they 're being lied to by one side . 
  he was our taoiseach for over a decade . 
  terrifyingly . 
  i think you 're largely proving my point . 
  40 % admitted they could n't understand it . 
  it 's beyond them to vote on it as a result of it . 
  i 'm just waiting for my army of aborted genetically modified conscripted super-babies . 
  representative democracy is about allowing experts make decisions . 
  thank fuck they did . 
  some serious amount of bullshit peddled in the run up to lisbon 1 . 
  it 's a terrible idea . 
  the bullshit of the lisbon referenda was fucking intolerable . 
  never seen so many lies and so much misinformation up until brexit . 
  i did n't blame it on poverty , i blamed it on economic chaos . 
  there 's a subtle difference . 
  in extremis , people turn to extreme solutions . 
  thus , with the economy in crisis , a great many people have turned to the extreme left or extreme right . 
  greece is the perfect example - syriza and golden dawn both arose in such circumstances . 
  for some muslim people . 
  radicalisation offers a third way . 
  ergo , you have a scenario where the economic troubles of the world are leaving large proportions of the population in states of personal crisis that drive them to extreme ideologies . 
  hence the link to the recession of both . 
  probably not , no . 
  europe had terrorism in the 70s and 80s but there was n't some commensurate movement to crush the hard left-wing or the irish , or eta , etc. 
   islamaphobia and radicalisation amazingly , there 's a link between the two . 
  technically speaking we probably can in a credit based economy . 
  islamaphobia and radicalisation have both ramped up massively since the recession . 
  it 's akin to early 20th century anti-semitism with the difference that this time they fight back . 
  both are realistically products of economic and geopolitical instability . 
  people with jobs do n't have time to be racist . 
  actually , i was reading something in relation to brexit and it was posited that workers are not in fact bothered by inequality . 
  they want to see tangible growth for themselves , they do n't care about other people . 
  thus , economic growth married to worsening inequality would be preferable for many people . 
  the issue is a lack of economic growth . 
  nothing more to it really . 
  this gets brought up in r/unitedkingdom a lot . 
  people did want to go to war . 
  the whole point of chilcot is that the evidence was nowhere near as strong as people had thought it to be . 
  was the uk not in favour of the war by a slight majority ? 
  oh like i said , ireland and miami dominate it . 
  all the lads i know in aircraft leasing are in one or the other . 
  most of the aircraft leasing office space is in dublin ( and miami ) i thought ? 
   other native british languages . 
  interesting phraseology . 
  it 's an anglicisation of a gaelic place name . 
  very common in ireland and western scotland . 
  we have morons too , do n't worry . 
  it 's about the same in ireland . 
  [ glassdoor on kpmg ireland ] ( https://www.glassdoor.ie/salary/kpmg-ireland-salaries-ei_ie2867.0,4_il.5,12_in70.htm?countryredirect=true ), 
  is n't the finnish economy still struggling with the loss of nokia and the decline in the paper industry ? 
  the eu is an obvious target for angry and disenfranchised people . 
  happens everywhere in europe . 
  but labour voters apparently largely voted remain . 
  just a touch condescending there , old boy . 
  if labour voters mostly voted for remain , surely that means corbyn is the one who 's out of touch if he needed to be forced into campaigning for it . 
  irish voters would never vote to fuck scotland over . 
  it 's the alpine beauty that 's doing it for me . 
  fucking hell we could do with some mountains and more u-shaped valleys . 
  would n't say that . 
  it 's mostly played in working class communities in areas which had british garrisons . 
  most obviously dublin . 
   garda superintendent gerry delmar , who is leading a team of eight gardai at the tournament , said last week the republic 's supporters have been `` very well behaved '' and are proving to be a hit with fans from across europe . 
  what a fucking gig for those garda\u00ed . 
  there 's quite an interesting similarity between tsarist russia and the soviet union . 
  both featured heavy state security control , gulags , unquestioned elites , etc. 
  obviously that 's a little bit skin-deep but it 's worth pointing out that there 's a fair degree of similarity . 
  even modern russia still echoes some elements of it . 
  crime in new york in the late 19th and early 20th centuries was a prominent feature amongst immigrant groups , be they irish , italian , jewish or otherwise . 
  in a society where the odds are stacked against you , access to an influential network is beneficial , even if it 's a criminal one . 
  if they were on a street corner encouraging a mob to attack a mosque would you dismiss the arrests ? 
  well yeah , but lovely buildings can become slums very quickly is my point . 
  the thing that amazes me about the modernist movement for social housing is that they seemed convinced that these buildings would be maintained properly too . 
  many of paris ' ( and you can say this about most european cities ) beautiful old buildings held tenements and slums once upon a time . 
  parts of georgian dublin were the same . 
  many fine old buildings were torn down as they had become slums . 
  the new buildings soon became slums too . 
  it 's investment in the people that fixes these problems , not in the buildings . 
  almost twice as good as britain too . 
  aw yeah . 
  germany in the 1930s ? 
  britain in the 1970s ? 
  ah do n't be so silly . 
  every government wants to hand out electoral sweeties to their voters . 
  with wealthy people you give tax cuts , free third level education , tax breaks , etc. 
  for poor people you give direct benefits . 
  either way , nobody wants to make their voters suffer . 
  do a zimbabwe . 
  rack up such a deficit nobody will loan to you and then print money through until it 's now causing hyper-inflation . 
  see the 1970s when you lot ran out of money and had to be bailed out by the imf .
