  you have to sympathise with them , because their public sector and economy needs root and branch reform which will be extremely painful no doubt . 
  i 've never noticed any real difference in drinking habits between ireland and any other northern european countries . 
  the brits are little different to us , nor are the scandos . 
  i do n't think he said they were pussies . 
  and france made a bit of a tits of ww2 when they were far more evenly matched with the germans than people realise . 
  but yeah , by definition , any european country has existed in a recognisable form has to have been pretty successful at war . 
  one or two missteps and you 'll be eaten alive . 
  you still see this on rare occasions about people in the west of ireland . 
  it 's bizarre , really . 
  iceland 's not trapped in the 11th century , nor is the west of ireland . 
  ( well ... ), 
  if we neglect aesthetics is there anything left worth fighting for ? 
  yeah , it 's a dreadful suit . 
  must have been very early in his presidency . 
  does anybody ever use that cb ? 
  i 've never seen the point of it . 
  and now there are n't any ottomans left to fight . 
  lead a brutal war against the ottomans ? 
  i mean , you 'd need some ottomans first . 
  check out that dude 's suit . 
  christ alive , that thing is ugly . 
  surely that 's a diplomatic insult . 
  [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzybas7zlte] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzybas7zlte ), 
  [ http://www.bbc.co.uk/legacies/immig_emig/scotland/strathclyde/article_2.shtml] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/legacies/immig_emig/scotland/strathclyde/article_2.shtml ), 
  he was also an outright racist . 
  he 's hardly the moral heartbeat of labour . 
  he was a nasty bigot . 
  anglosaxon in the french context really means anglophone . 
  let 's just say i deliberately avoided studying any aspect of law that could lead me to being a tax expert . 
  some things are n't worth the money . 
  i 'm not even going to touch issues of irish revenue law while sober . 
  it 's about as dull a subject as man has ever known . 
  well keep in mind retrospective law changes are n't viable . 
  so there 'd be a lot of trouble recovering that money . 
  i agree with most of what you 're saying though . 
  worst case scenario for the likes of apple and they ;d just transfer their ip back to the states . 
  worst case . 
  there 's no way european countries are getting their hands on the money . 
  actually they get transferred to the us during one of their many tax amnesties . 
  how can we tax them for monies earned abroad ? 
  in a practical sense , that money just wo n't fall under irish law . 
  the ip will always reside in the home country , usually the states . 
  it 's like cricket but shitter . 
  they do n't profit because of our laws , they pay tax here on revenue earned in ireland . 
  slightly different beast . 
  why would ireland lose ? 
  that 's a poor reading of irish politics . 
  nah , not really . 
  it 's only a small chunk of it , and it 's really a product of failures on the part of other countries to properly tax revenue earned in their jurisdictions . 
  if ireland does n't appeal we get free money . 
  and apple will appeal . 
  ireland are in a different position . 
  they 're not losing out on $ 13 billion if they lose the appeal , quite the opposite . 
  equating the two is a flawed view . 
  why would n't it be damaging ? 
  most irish people support the government on this one . 
  62 % favoured the appeal and 24 % opposed it according to one poll . 
  this is n't an idiot with more money than sense appealing a boundary dispute with their neighbour . 
  an unsuccessful appeal would be hugely politically damaging in ireland . 
  ireland would n't appeal if they thought they 'd lose . 
  the political blowback at home would be huge . 
  it 's almost like some of these cases are politically motivated . 
  if it 's so clear why are ireland appealing it ? 
  and apple is a private company with nothing to do with the american state . 
  what 's the german for schadenfreude ? 
  as a young lawyer , i disagree . 
  judges are n't stupid . 
  the architect ruined a whole succession of lovely bits of dublin over his career . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sam_stephenson] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sam_stephenson ), 
  mostly 50s and 60s stuff . 
  most of the damage of 1916 and the war of independence and civil war were repaired to look the same . 
  well it kind of did . 
  no major fires or disasters affected the city physically . 
  no place in ww2 either . 
  the damage to dublin was done by us , nobody else . 
  say what you want about the brits but they designed nice cities . 
  their cities are n't bad either . 
  every trip there is a reminder of how appalling ireland is at preserving its architecture . 
  what the hell do danish judges wear to look fabulous and ready for a sudden appearance of a monarch ? 
  over the course of the 1990s a large chunk of central and eastern europe was suddenly freed from russia 's grip . 
  with the exception of belarus , all of them made a beeline to embrace the west . 
  notable examples of this would be the baltic states , etc. 
  as russia pulled itself together over the course of the 90s and 2000s , it found it had lost a lot of its hinterland . 
  in terms of economics , one very effective way to guarantee success is to control other countries and force them to buy your goods and services . 
  the british empire is a classic example of this . 
  thus , russia found itself shorn of countries it could do this too , many of which russians believe they have some sort of claim over . 
  hence the baltic nations are n't viewed as plucky underdogs by russia but as nasty traitors . 
  ukraine , with its population of a related but separate culture falls into the same pattern . 
  russia views ukraine as being a part of its sphere of influence . 
  moreover , with russia 's population in and around 150 million and ukraine 's being in and around 50 million , a russian controlled ukraine gives it a significant population to build its economy on . 
  if russia is able to reassert itself over its former subjects , then it can start to rival the eu in size and plunder those economies for its own benefit . 
  from the perspective of the west this is unwelcome as it creates a second cold war , and it 's also massively shit for these countries , many of which have cultural and economic ties to the west . 
  poland and germany 's history is not dissimilar to that of poland and russia after all , whilst the czechs in the form of bohemia were a part of the holy roman empire for centuries . 
  so there 's an obvious motivation to keeping russia down . 
  this then leads to russia funding anti-european political extremes . 
  cheers , mate . 
  any greeks able to shed any more light on this ? 
  the government in ireland is very pro-eu . 
  and the second largest party is also very pro-eu . 
  of course they do .
