ah i do n't think people expected anything , i just think it 's become a convenient bandwagon . 
  excellent . 
  the recovery continues . 
  still a few years from being recovered but it 's good to see things are working . 
  we already paid for it through general taxation . 
  ah that 's a bit harsh . 
  perhaps , but to be honest , the eu was set up with this in mind . 
  what 's become an issue is that there is all of a sudden an objection to * some * eu citizens but not others . 
  ah yeah , i know that . 
  i just find the hypocrisy about immigration to britain bizarre . 
  especially the fact that there is no desire to keep out irish , aussies , enzedders , etc. 
  it 'd be hilarious if spain put limits on british immigrants . 
  sure none of these limits would apply to irish people . 
  we have pre-existing free movement with the brits . 
  ah yeah , but that 's a fairly inane comparison . 
  think it 'll be london for me . 
  that 's not what i said at all , in fairness . 
  gubbeen is wonderful stuff . 
  only dates from the 70s as well . 
  while that 's a somewhat sweeping statement , i 'd struggle to name a euro-skeptic movement which has much intellectual credibility . 
  bertie `` i 'm a socialist '' ahern and all that . 
  it 's interesting that populism in ireland has largely been left-wing , while the populist british vote has slithered over to the right . 
  both movements are fairly euro-skeptic and lacking in political and economic literacy , it 's bizarre really . 
  yeah . 
  in fairness , i suspect it 's massively biased in favour of nordics and english speakers anyway . 
  in your face germany and the uk . 
  whoa whoa whoa . 
  that 's a huge misinterpretation of common law systems . 
  anybody who has ever worked in the legal profession will know that thewhole point of case law is that it constantly evolves on foot of new factual scenarios requiring frequent updates to the law as it stands . 
  a handful of areas are governed by cases that are hundreds of years old because they are simple , effective and do n't need to be changed . 
  a classic example beloved of law students across the common law world is tuberville v savage dating from 1669 where the person accused of assault declared '' `` if it were not for assize-time , i would not take such language from you . '', 
  whilst grasping his sword . 
  as he had indicated he would not be attacking the alleged victim , he could not have been guilty of assault . 
  simple case that still holds up centuries later . 
  and bloody rare at that . 
  long story short the law was n't being enforced and a leading gay rights activist tried and failed to get a conviction . 
  he brought a consitutional case ( norris v ag ) [ http://www.bailii.org/ie/cases/iesc/1983/3.html] ( http://www.bailii.org/ie/cases/iesc/1983/3.html ) and lost that due to some startling conservative judicial decision-making , but the echr forced us to decriminalise rather than to ignore . 
  nah , not really . 
  not anymore . 
  i 'm pretty far from an irish hater . 
  we have a highly educated workforce , but so do a lot of our near rivals . 
  the dutch and scando countries all provide workers just as good as our own . 
  it 's pretty much all we have economically . 
  ( bar our high number of graduates . ), 
  i ca n't hear you over the sound of that economic recovery caused by all that fdi we 're getting . 
  as a leftie i tend to agree . 
  but it 's populist leftist shite , not social democratic policies being advocated . 
  the hse is crying out for efficiency not money . 
  somebody needs to start doing this for other countries . 
  it is n't . 
  was bord g\u00e1is privatised ? 
  good to see we have men as morally pure as mick wallace to ask the awkward questions . 
  how will you be taxed twice if that money is spent on something different ? 
  like our deficit ... ? 
  in theory it came out of general taxation . 
  however , historically local authorities were in charge of local water supply and it was run on an incredibly cheap basis resulting in an incredibly poor water infrastructure which is not fit for human consumption in many areas . 
  as such , a semi-state body is being set up to charge for the water used and to improve water standards generally . 
  it 's not being privatised , in fairness . 
  that 's misleading . 
  we have an appallingly poor water infrastructure that was paid for out of general taxation . 
  one of the troika 's `` suggestions '' was that we introduce water charges . 
  a semi-state company has been set up to take over the water infrastructure . 
  the tax money that is freed up will then be used to reduce our monthly deficits . 
  i do n't think they had the motivation to either . 
  being a smelly peasant was much the same from ireland across to russia , really . 
  it was only with increasing urbanisation , education , etc , that there were enough people who felt motivated to change things . 
  obviously in some places , france and the us being obvious examples , it happened sooner . 
  actually , plenty of places are happy being ruled by their own . 
  it leads to different issues , different approaches , but it 's usually resolved without armed insurrection these days . 
  but various tory think-tanks would be . 
  it depends , really . 
  ww1 doomed the european empires , but once one committed to war the others really had no choice . 
  in an era without an overarching power , small dynamic countries surrounded by hated enemies in an era when war was a diplomatic option it 's always amazing how long it took . 
  it 's fascinating how the austro-hungarian and ottoman empries which had been so effective at various times in european and in the case of the ottomans in european * and * middle eastern history as polities were so weak by the time of ww1 . 
  the idea of ruling foreign peoples as an underclass is so obviously flawed now , but how nobody saw it at the time is fascinating . 
  all the finns i knew called it ireland . 
  i 've only ever known two finns though . 
  france began the process of secularising in the 18th century , in fairness . 
  canned guinness is shite . 
  they do , which is up to them . 
  the irish constitution is the leading authority in the area however . 
  in fairness , most people do n't really bother distinguishing that much between norn iron and ireland when it comes to things like that . 
  there 's fuck all difference between people on the island bar very small minorities , usually those found in the more deprived parts . 
  ah it 's just silly diplomatic niceties really . 
  in fairness , there 'll only be a united ireland if it happens democratically , so most of these issues are relegated to the past , thankfully . 
  actually the name is ireland . 
  as per article 4 of the irish constitution . 
  republic of ireland is only the official name in football . 
  because it 's only ever done by one country , and was done for political reasons . 
  the name of the country being ireland is a rather unsubtle claim to the whole island . 
  of couse , prior to the good friday agreement , our constitution also claimed all of the island . 
  in the uk , up until the gfa , it was par for the course not to identify ireland as ireland because that could be used as tacit acknowledgment of our rightful claim to all of the island . 
  so what you end up with is a rather silly situation where there are a whole host of ways to describe ireland still used by the british media . 
  ( their government has gotten better but still mostly refer to us as the republic of ireland which isn ; t correct ), 
  hibernia 's cool , everybody loves that one . 
  ireland would have been pro-jacobite . 
  god damn it . 
  nordic governance is so much more sensible . 
  dirty auld bastard too . 
  hiberno-english is superb for coming on to comely maidens .
