  a person who takes a bribe is committing a wrong as is the person giving it . 
  the article in question follows that agenda - naughty germans ( and `` their '' greeks ) bribing people , but it glosses over the fact that people were quite happy to take them . 
  political corruption was a huge issue in ireland from the early 70s or so up until the 1990s and the biggest problem was that nobody blamed the people accepting the bribes . 
  unfortunately , it 's a near universal issue . 
  most countries that deal with corrupt countries bribe officials because they have to . 
  ireland was like that once . 
  i shudder to think what irish companies in the third world are getting up to . 
  either way , if an environment within a country is conducive to accepting bribes , a party willing to bribe will always win . 
  most parliaments are shut for august . 
  in france the entire country goes on holiday in august . 
  so fuck all is happening . 
  is it going to turn out that it 's the germans fault that greek employees bribed other greeks ? 
  i 'd much prefer to see civics replace religion , etc , in school . 
  i 'd also like to see some sort of mechanism whereby people were encouraged to understand what the parties actually all stand for . 
  i 'm not dropping abortion out of nowhere . 
  the issue at hand is whether or not the constitution should be amended to indicate that iw can never be privatised . 
  first of all , i 've stated that i think it 's a bad idea because it restricts how we can deal with out water resources . 
  we have no idea what we 'll need in fifty years time . 
  the idea that we would prevent privatisation , something that is n't planned and is neither a good thing nor a bad thing is foolish . 
  it limits the options available to the government . 
  what benefit would there be from doing it ? 
  all we would do is limit our ability to make effective use of our water , and also to protect it . 
  furthermore , why is water more important to safeguard than food ? 
  or electricity ? 
  hell , we require the internet for most people 's jobs . 
  it 's misleading to suggest water is somehow more important than these things , as they are all so important that it does n't matter . 
  most people who emigrate already have jobs in ireland . 
  so it is a choice in many respects . 
  and young people have different concerns to those in employment . 
  up until third level education , most young people will have very little interaction with decision-making as their parents do most of that . 
  it 's not until you enter the workforce that you really have to start considering things for yourself . 
  for most people , all they care about politically is their ability to earn money , have a house and avail of some basic state services . 
  ( health , education for kids , etc. ), 
  how many 18 to 25 year olds need to worry about things like that ? 
  democracies function on the basis that we elect people to make technical decisions on our behalf . 
  the electorate has fuck all knowledge of water conservation , water management and so on so forth . 
  it 's clearly not an issue that should be dealt with at a constitutional level . 
  i 've no issue with people disagreeing with me . 
  i just view using the constitution as a tool in political debates is dangerous . 
  that 's why we have the eighth amendment after all . 
  you obviously know a lot more about telecoms than i do . 
  all i 'll say is eircom internet is slow and patchy , my upc is considerably quicker now . 
  i 'm not a sophisticated consumer of internet . 
  people with a family , a house , etc , ca n't really do much . 
  young people are more likely to fuck off for a while anyway . 
  it 's a universal problem in politics . 
  i 'd love to see efficiency being the watchword , it 's one of my biggest bugbears with our political dialogue . 
  r\u00f3is\u00edn shortall on vinny b a while back actually denied that we should even consider it as an option . 
  it 'd be enough to drive one to despair . 
  but there is still a point to be made in that we do n't take in much tax compared to many of our neighbours . 
  eircom better than upc ? 
  that 's utter utter bullshit . 
  the road tax money should be spent on the roads . 
  we 're a low tax economy demanding high tax services . 
  it does n't add up . 
  amending b na h\u00c9 to constitutionally give iw a monopoly would be utter madness . 
  i despair at the idea that any government would consider such an idea . 
  and i 'm sure plenty of people would like to get involved in water distribution . 
  it wo n't happen any time soon though , because a minority of people are very vocal about that specific issue . 
  and lots of people have n't . 
  but that 's where most people learned to play . 
  it 's where i learned to play . 
  aye , but in connacht , leinster and ulster it 's a sport still largely played by lads who went to private schools . 
  in munster , that 's also the case for most lads from outside of limerick . 
  who remembers telecom eireann pre-privatisation ? 
  electricity , heating , etc. 
  there 's no evidence it will be privatised , and privatisation in ireland has largely been a positive thing , unlike many other countries . 
  upc offer a better product than eircom ever did , sky and upc are better than rt\u00c9 ever was , etc. 
  in theory it was paid for out of monies raised in general taxation . 
  in practice , local authorities preferred spending the money on `` visible '' things , roads being an obvious example . 
  nobody will ever vote for somebody who fixed an underwater network of pipes after all . 
  as such , the government set up a centralised body to oversee all water infrastructure and have control of it , and charge for it like any other utility . 
  the protests have n't really energised young people . 
  paying water charges sounds quite sensible really if you 've not been a homeowner for 20 years in a country where they did n't charge them . 
  that 's complete horseshit . 
  dublin 's reservoirs can barely cope . 
  you forgot to mention that the major party in the elected coalition government promised to implement water charges anyway . 
  governments get sued constantly , it does n't stop their functioning . 
  it 's not that unusual tbh . 
  most politicans in the west have to be very careful where they send their kids to school for just that reason . 
  does n't noticeably improve anything . 
  it 's already been mentioned i think , but gomorrah , the neapolitan crime film . 
  superb . 
  dunno , i 'm not sure how danish sentencing works in terms of suspended sentences , probation , etc. 
  for all i know they could be the most vindictive judicial system this side of the atlantic . 
  do you hate consumer protection and human rights ? 
  leave the eu . 
  clue is in the title . 
  up to six years does n't meant six years . 
  in regards to theft , the general aggravating factors in relation to a straight theft ( i.e. 
  no violence , etc ) will be the value of the goods stolen , whether the goods were recovered , whether it was planned , the impact upon the victim and so on so forth . 
  copyright offences are not the same as theft , but they have some similarities . 
  a person who is seeking to profit from copyright offences is going to be more culpable than somebody doing it for shits and giggles . 
  volume matters too . 
  you 'd need to be doing things on a commercial scale to attract a max sentence in all likelihood . 
  yeah , i 've gotten that train before . 
  wonder will we see airport-esque security for trains now ? 
  i fly to france a lot and most of the airports have armed guards . 
  not really . 
  i think life would be much easier for people if they lived in smaller more prosperous populations .
