  leinster house is an architectural triumph . 
  [ http://dutchindublin.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/leinster-house-blog.jpg] ( http://dutchindublin.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/leinster-house-blog.jpg ), 
  i quite liked land law , heh . 
  and i 'm going to be devilling in it next year . 
  romanao-dutch law me hoop . 
  do n't the saffers have a similar system actually ? 
  eugh , eu law , the bane of students across the continent . 
  too much case law for common law types and too much case law for those civil law peasants . 
  i always thought class actions were n't a thing in the eu ? 
  it 's a wonderful country . 
  france . 
  great food , great culture and repeated attempts to free us from perfidious albion . 
  honourable mention for the spanish as well . 
  god i love the south of france . 
  heh , always the way . 
  at least there 's always the echr to stomp on people . 
  how 's the romanian justice system ticking over these days ? 
  has the transition from a totalitarian system to democracy worked well ? 
  those bastards used rugby fans !, 
  used us !, 
  oh god , eur-lex . 
  memories of eu law . 
  bleugh . 
  you left out socialist , heh . 
  cheers , man . 
  ah we do in fairness . 
  fish is very popular here . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_cuisine] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_cuisine ) we really do n't have much that 's unique to us . 
  specifically irish ... ? 
  coddle ? 
  bacon , sausage and potato stew ? 
  it 's alright . 
  jaysus i love oliebollen . 
  eh , the bbc is n't exactly great on covering ireland . 
  they still refuse to use the term ireland , despite the good friday agreement . 
  i got irish . 
  aw yeah . 
  not at all . 
  ireland copied the english model of suburbs , for obvious reasons . 
  we have a massive shortage of apartments here . 
  where are the houses ? 
  more seriously - is apartment living the norm for people or what ? 
  ew , statute based guidelines . 
  needs more case law . 
  our brave boys would never do that kind of thing , etc. 
  the british meedja are a joke . 
  it 's hard to know , really . 
  it 's a sad book , but , tbh , it 's a crock of shite in terms of its meaning . 
  being poor in the 1930s and 1940s was n't exactly a barrel of laughs anywhere , now , with an alcoholic and abusive father , the man was n't exactly likely to have a sunny upbringing anywhere . 
  sure the whole point of the story , him fucking off back to america ignores the fact that the reason he left the place was because his family were so miserably poor there , too . 
  my suspicion was always that mccourt was quite rightly bitter about the awful conditions that faced the poor in those days , but to suggest his situation was unique to ireland was a sign of somebody who felt betrayed . 
  the other thing about mccourt is that he spent very little of his life actually * in * ireland . 
  he was born in america and lived all of his adult life there too . 
  i 'm not sure how reflective he is of the irish experience . 
  i mean , we do n't suggest that the works of a maya angelou or whoever reflect the reality of life for an average american . 
  it 's a bit too miserable to be honest . 
  it 's very good and all , but still . 
  sinn f\u00e9in are n't really social democrats . 
  they 're a bit more hardline than that . 
  football helps expand one 's global horizons . 
  nah , but the accents shine through . 
  it 's irish with fairly hefty polish accents . 
  irish has very odd pronunciation , their 's is pretty damn good ( they 're all embassy staff , so i 'd suspect bright and gifted with languages ) but it 's fairly different to a slavic language . 
  it 's better than you 'd expect from a turk on the issue , but eh , yeah , good luck there , lads . 
  they 're not the first country to look the other way to their own misdeeds , and , like all such groups , they look like cunts for doing it . 
  what a pleasant looking spot . 
  you lads never rebelled , so nobody counts you . 
  lack of jobs , etc , is far more important for young people . 
  alcohol abuse is a symptom and/or catalsyt i suspect , but i 'd be wary of suggesting it 's a cause . 
  are n't small town discos shite everywhere ? 
  whether the act was legitimate or not really depends on what side of the divide a person was on in norn iron . 
  what 's bizarre about all of this is that the whole point of these letters of immunity was to ensure peace . 
  have people forgotten what an active ira was like ? 
  if memory serves , the london olympics of that era would have seen ireland third in the medal table if irishmen in america and the great britain teams had competed for ireland . 
  in fairness , you 'd be gutted if this thread did n't get godwin 'd . 
  the timing , etc , was all quite deliberate . 
  the brits totally played into their hands by executing them . 
  much more so . 
  it 's cited heavily in the leveson report as something to follow . 
  he also pointed out a large chunk of british papers are bound by it in ireland and have had no problems with it . 
  unfortunately ( for you lot ) that 's been ignored . 
  more worryingly , are n't elements of the loyalists quite involved in the edl , bnp movements , etc ? 
  east belfast ( the bad bits anyway ) is a very loyalist area , i thought . 
  a great bunch of lads . 
  and services to northampton now . 
  shame him to see him leave llanelli . 
  tir na n\u00d3g and mr tolkien need to have a word about copyright infringement too . 
  citroen ds surely ? 
  eh , no it 's not . 
  as a lawyer , it 's essential to get somebody to explain these things to you . 
  that 's where it got fucked up . 
  oooh , a cabal . 
  well , i appreciate i 'm taking the piss slightly , but do you really doubt that a large proportion of the tory base , and , in particular , the ukip base , are especially receptive to this kind of carry on ? 
  which is my point exactly - most people in england are not so short-sighted . 
  however , a significant chunk of people are , and they scream very loudly . 
  the readership of the daily mail represent a pretty big chunk of the tory base , and need to be appeased . 
  whining about smelly immigrants and poor people goes some way to achieving that , as does blaming europe for anything . 
  few days ago . 
  the dissidents are going balubas again . 
  as a lawyer who knows a fair bit about common law ( what with being irish and all ) i can offer one or two suggestions .
