  oh i do . 
  i think the american people are being denied their hard-earned corporate tax . 
  arguing with the anti-immigrant types in r/europe is a fool 's errand , unfortunately . 
  unlimited companies in ireland have very little obligation to publish details of their actions . 
  it 's why all the limited liability companies of mncs are owned by an unlimited company here . 
  usually an unlimited company that lives in the caribbean . 
  in all honesty i 'm just taking a cheap shot . 
  i do n't really believe that the european commission is corrupt or anything , but political expediency is a real thing . 
  ireland is small and an easy target . 
  germany is decidedly not . 
  because that 's how a tax system works . 
  people and companies have a right to privacy . 
  ireland has never been anything but open in its approach to corporate taxation . 
  gosh , good to see the european commission investigating this . 
  hey , wait a second ... 
  it 's a cracking little city . 
  absolutely beautiful centre . 
  we did n't , though . 
  we just have a similar legal and tax system to the us ( and uk for that matter ) married to relatively low corporate tax and a business friendly regime . 
  france could reduce corporation tax to 12.5 % ( rather than just for important companies ) but it still would n't be business friendly and its contract and company law would still be hopelessly outdated . 
  there 's an amusing bbc documentary ( maybe channel 4 ) on a small village in wales that offshored itself . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  set up a company in the czech republic , or whatever the fuck you call yourselves these days that sells shoes . 
  now set up an irish company to own your czech one . 
  guess what , you 'll still be paying taxes in the czech republic unless you move to ireland and start working here . 
  ireland only taxes an irish company for money earned in ireland . 
  now , if you 'd set up an irish company to manufacture shoes , sell them to the czech republic , then you 'd be paying taxes here . 
  and if you designed them in the caribbean you could sell them there . 
  the real issue is that the double irish is only helpful for goods which tend to be reproductions of ip . 
  so here would be a good example - czech beer . 
  if i have a recipe for beer , i can use my irish company to hold the ip . 
  thus , any subsidiary company of mine is going to pay royalties to the irish company and pay a reduced tax load . 
  of course , and , google being google , they could hire plenty of german tax lawyers , accountants , etc , to work for them and ensure compliance . 
  obviously this would be an extreme road to go down , but then , the opposition to them is pretty extreme . 
  you can pay vat without a local company . 
  it 'd be a pain in the hoop , but they 'd be able to manage it . 
  smaller companies trading cross-border have to do it . 
  and start an economic war with the us ? 
  over money they 've never received ? 
  would they fuck ,, 
  the idea of the double irish is rooted in the idea that a company is tax resident where it 's hq 'd . 
  nothing too shocking about that . 
  same logic is employed to irish citizens working abroad . 
  you seem to have missed my point . 
   otherwise , they 'd just directly use american companies . 
  google will stop using german subsidiaries if you try and tax them in germany for profits made using an american company 's ip . 
  nah , we have to be realistic , the double-irish is a product of america 's refusal to reform its corporate tax system . 
  nothing else . 
  haha , really ? 
  never do maths on a saturday morning . 
  ah yeah , germany was well known for observing the agreements of the league of nations . 
  and of course it 's transfer pricing . 
  otherwise , they 'd just directly use american companies . 
  i 'll let you in on a little secret - google is american . 
  the only country with * any * claim to tax their profits is the us of a. 
  if you want to tax a google , you 'll need a german equivalent . 
  good luck with that . 
  europe 's economies are dreadful at producing tech companies other than a handful of nordic and baltic countries . 
  even ireland 's not great at it . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  people seem deluded as to how important advertising is . 
  no you would n't , because google , etc , would just stop setting up foreign companies and just pay their taxes in the us . 
  you would get the square root of fuck all . 
  ireland , actually , not the republic of ireland . 
  it 's the profit for europe , the middle east and africa . 
  ( asia too ? ), 
  $ 100 ad revenue per person in the eu a year would only be $ 5 billion . 
  that 's an american issue , not a european one . 
  from a dutch person ... ? 
  and he 's right . 
  google are an american company who 's profits are taxed in america . 
  superb journalism . 
  one wonders if germany will be as quick to criticise itself as it was to criticise others . 
  apple france is n't being sold anything though . 
  it 's paying the fees to use the ip . 
  it 's generated in the eu but not of the eu . 
  but it 's not profit . 
  it 's booked as a loss and/or revenue neutral because it has to pay the money to a company higher up the food chain to use the ip in the first place . 
  it 's not a flat corporate structure , it 's a vertical one . 
  which is fine , but the french company has to pay its parent companies to use their ip to sell products . 
  and most people buy an american designed iphone in a shop . 
  also , it does n't matter if the profit is held to be made in hungary , apple hungary ltd ( or however hungarian companies are formed ) is going to have to pay apple 's hq ( by way of ireland , usually ) to use that intellectual property . 
  no , you bought a product designed , developed and marketed by a company from california . 
  nobody said they were made in california . 
  that 's where the ip is though . 
  the profits do go there , eventually . 
  is that not in california for most of them ... ? 
  i quite enjoy dutch food . 
  it 's basically a combination of ham , cheese and egg followed by something gooier and sweeter . 
  it 's not healthy , but it 's bloody tasty . 
  it 's worth pointing out that there are positives to both systems . 
  america is * far * more innovative than europe . 
  one of the reasons for that is that companies are given huge leeway to dick about . 
  europe 's regulation ensures that companies develop more slowly and make it much harder for new companies to take on established older ones . 
  that 's the one serious downside to heavy regulation . 
  i 'd still prefer european regulation though . 
  the abortive attempts made by syriza before they bitched out damaged greece . 
  it also spent what little good will greece had at that point . 
  ireland came dangerously close to electing idiots who 'd have pursued similar policies to greece . 
  and our government prior to the crash was n't all that different to their 's .
