  yeah , can see why . 
  it 's quite a different language , but our accent 's a tad intense . 
  heh , irish is a fucking bitch to study . 
  be thankful that 's all you 'll hear . 
  count yourself lucky . 
  the rira are absolute scum , criminals hiding under a thin veil of legitimacy ( i use that term as loosely as conceivably . ), 
  that deceives gullible people . 
  the queen has some pretty rockin powers to , but using them would probably be the death knell of the monarchy in the uk . 
  bizarre way of phrasing that article 's headline . 
  what it boils down to is that working class children are more likely to commit crimes . 
  that 's the case everywhere . 
  i ca n't believe somebody passed up on the opportunity to write about gypsy kings . 
  sigh . 
  sometimes political correctness does go too far . 
  obviously . 
  nobody really gives a shit here , mostly because there 's never been a feeling that there was widespread corruption amongst our police . 
  ( there 've certainly been localised pockets of it . ), 
  s. 23 of the misuse of drugs act 1977 is very flexible in ireland , because the legal position here is that anything found in a lawful search is a-ok . 
  so , a reasonable suspicion that somebody might have drugs on them ( he was acting nervously , looking around , etc ) turns up a gun , and everything 's nice and legal . 
  works fairly well . 
  are the variants spelled differently ? 
  one irish surname will often have two or three english spellings . 
  the brits have been holidaying there for a hundred years , have n't they ? 
  sure my parents have an apartment in cannes , it 's a nice enough part of hte world . 
  good spot to be for august too . 
  angola has petrodollars . 
  great fit for portugese migrants . 
  i did n't say we * would * win it . 
  i actually meant to type a better chance . 
  i 'll say this , lads , the euros would be fucking unreal if that was the map of europe . 
  plus we 'd have a chance of winning it . 
  but , welsh flag ? 
  it 's an odd one alright . 
  dublin 's not bad either . 
  lovely little capital we have ourselves . 
  seeing the brits afraid of having their culture wiped out by a larger neighbour ? 
  haha , suck on that motherfuckers . 
  nah , on a serious note , i do n't particularly agree with your concerns . 
  britain 's problem is based on a misguided belief that the uk still matters in the world . 
  it does n't . 
  nor do france , italy or germany . 
  all of those states are amongst the biggest and most prosperous in the world , but they 're simply too small . 
  together , europe can stand as a successful , strong and prosperous area , divided , it wo n't . 
  the euro-sceptic movement has always been based upon ideas that unelected officials in brussels dictate everything . 
  the thing is , before joining the eu , unelected civil servants in whitehall made all your decisions . 
  ministers do n't write legislation after all . 
  anyway , most of your economy is tied into the common market , leaving would be fucking retarded . 
  who is n't , at this stage ? 
  i think he 's subtly hinting at what we want . 
  curry cheese chips are the greatest thing country-folk have contributed to our fair isle . 
  whipped in ? 
  fuck that . 
  let that motherfucker stand for a while brewing . 
  dude , cold pizza 's unreal ... 
  robert the bruce tried it . 
  he wanted an irish and scottish kingdom to act as a counterweight to england . 
  oh i know , i 'm being sarcastic . 
  accenture 's hq is in dublin . 
  although their staff do their training in chicago for some reason . 
  nah , they 've a large presence here , but the biggest indigenous company is probably crh . 
  because a big chain would likely show no mercy and immediately call the police , and then sue most of the individuals involved for damages . 
  is there a source other than the daily mail ? 
  did n't the hungarian government want a list of them all ? 
  how many jews are there left in eastern europe ? 
  ashcroft is a billionaire and english libel law has been reined in a fair bit by the 2013 act . 
  russia invading ukraine is the west 's fault according to corbyn . 
  or anywhere . 
  tanistry leads to so many civil wars . 
  and i 'm not just talking about ck2 . 
  even at the height of the boom a huge chunk of graduates here spend a few years in one of canada , the us , australia or london . 
  neither does the greek economy . 
  a blank slate would lead to the structural problems persisting . 
  unfortunately , there 's no practical solution . 
  almost every benefit in human society is linked to capitalism . 
  capitalism is the only way to reward people for their contributions to society . 
  the trick is to prevent it from being too `` free '' or it ends up becoming restrictive . 
  more accurate to say are convicted rather than commit . 
  likely to be the same , but worth noting . 
  that iraq business can be viewed in that light . 
  ah jaysus , i 'm not arsed going through the causes of world war 1 and the ever-tightening noose that was the web of alliances married to paranoid and failing empires . 
  as for your second question , why would anybody ever try and simplify something such as that ? 
  world war 1 ? 
  the ottomans were cunts , and it was a tongue in cheek reference , but it 's slightly less than a century ago . 
  well it * is * the west 's fault . 
  they divvied up the ex ottoman territories with fuck all regard for ethnic or religious grounds . 
  hence the lack of a kurdistan . 
  it 's been legislated away . 
  the ottomans did an alright job of keeping everybody down . 
  and stable . 
  that 's not the same as supporting immigration . 
  supporting tolerance and multiculturalism do n't require pro-immigration policies . 
  especially given the fact that finland has lots of swedes about . 
  labour were always quite tolerant of immigration . 
  and immigrants have brought a net gain to the british economy . 
  however , a lot of poor english people despise immigrants , and they tended to be a historical chunk of labour 's base . 
  the labour governments of blair and brown were never able to wrap their heads around the latent anti-immigrant feeling ( or xenophobia if one prefers ) and ed miliband 's attempts to be a xenophobe were as hapless as they were ludicrous , given he 's a belgo-polish descended jew . 
  in fairness , those are mostly left-wing teams . 
  i 'd say livorno would be similar , but one wonders what hellas verona or lazio fans would think about it . 
  that makes more sense . 
  my point is that there 's a clear agenda behind this only being acted upon now .
