  which does more harm than good , austerity or running out of money ? 
  nobody in politics is voluntarily cutting spending . 
  historically we 've always had quite strong governments other than the 80s . 
  as for poor , not in a long time . 
  indeed . 
  monty was n't a very hibernophile anglo-irishman anyway . 
  ireland 's doing rather well . 
  everybody says they 'll finish joyce . 
  they were , but yeats was part of the celtic revivalist movement and heavily influenced by gaelic mythology and imagery in his early career , and was also one of the artistic voices of irish independence . 
  similarly , beckett would have been quite `` irish '' in that sense . 
  i do n't think any of them bar possibly lewis would have viewed themselves as exclusively one or the other . 
  all would have seen themselves as irish when in england , certainly . 
  montgomery too , i think . 
  heresy !, 
  he was our flamboyantly gay playwright !, 
  in fairness , he left ireland in his 20s after his old girlfriend married bram stoker ( also irish ) and never returned . 
  duke of wellington ... ? 
  that sounds class . 
  number four is important too . 
  dublin is very proud of its largely georgian south-side of the city , but the city had a much higher stock of such buildings coming into independence . 
  over the course of the 19th and 20th centuries , many of these fine old buildings had become tenement flats in what were largely slums . 
  the local government knocked down all of these beautiful buildings and replaced them with cheap and nasty flats that almost immediately became * modern * slums . 
  however , even in the wealthier bits of the city , many people fled the nice areas of the city for modern suburbs , a practice that was quite common until the 80s and 90s when people realised the suburbs were all fucking boring . 
  haughey was also talented . 
  himself and garrett the good were both quite intelligent and talented leaders , so it meant that faffers had to hang their hats on haughey being talented and look the other way when it came to buying islands . 
  and people are still massively unhappy with how the country is being run . 
  we have lower unemployment than sweden ffs . 
  think u/roloetb is right . 
  guinness is great for one or two pints , but a lot of people have 6 cans of bav and a few heinekens when they 're out . 
  i thought it was the russian army that divided ukraine when it invaded ? 
  add in the nordies and we 're about 2/3rds of the population . 
  the pre-famine population was higher than it could reasonably have been because of the huge poverty in certain areas , especially connacht and the atlantic counties . 
  sure each to their own !, 
  there 's an italian place near where i work that offers both . 
  i think i prefer the fake version tbh . 
  fair enough !, 
  you 've never had a steak ? 
  ah you need a solid ruler from time to time . 
  although to be wroth * and * cynical at that age ... 
  are the o'neills not descended from niall of the nine hostages ? 
  false ? 
  this is n't a tedious university debate . 
  you 're also going to run into the immovable object that is the word `` most . '', 
  also , would you describe the american constitution as subordinate to the legislature ? 
  it certainly is n't in practice , as nothing can unite the legislature . 
  nobody said the uk 's constitution was illegitimate . 
  nobody is having an argument . 
  i think your first point is a bit reductionist really . 
  it 's why i said it could be described as a corpus of constitutional law and conventions . 
  it 's not really clear enough to describe what the uk has as a constitution in a legal context . 
  the second point is just pub chat for bored constitutional experts . 
  describing the uk 's constitution as a constitution is a bit loose though . 
  it could easily be described as a corpus of constitutional laws and conventions . 
  furthermore , parliamentary supremacy means that it 's subordinate to parliament , which is not really how most constitutions function . 
  italy and germany make sense given that they were comprised mostly of independent states , leading to multiple competing political , economic and religious centres . 
  france and spain are the surprising ones . 
  in terms of france , it 's misleading . 
  take marseille - the city has a population of 800,000 but is situated in an arrondissement of 1 million people . 
  however , the general point is true . 
  looking at marseille again , aix and arles are both reasonably large urban areas ( 100k or so and 50k ) within 20 or 30k of marseille . 
  france is much better than we are of keeping urban development focused in discrete areas . 
  the dutch did have pre-clearance with the yanks until the muslim ban i believe . 
  nah , we charge 12.5 % on all revenue earned in ireland . 
  the rest is american revenue to be taxed by the americans . 
  it 's not our fault they allow companies warehouse money offshore . 
  depends on the jurisdiction . 
  certainly in ireland or britain even without a jury the judge allows counsel examine and cross the witnesses . 
  judicial intervention is rare and usually only for the purposes of clarifying other answers . 
  much as i love our fair isle , i do n't think the south west is * that * similar to provence . 
  this is all reasonably accurate . 
  being a scando sounds a bit dull though . 
  functioning civil institutions would leave you nothing to moan about . 
  spain really is just a bigger ireland . 
  or we 're a smaller spain , depending on your perspective . 
  report her to the garda\u00ed and/or social services immediately . 
  yeah , it does . 
  it 's also a well-known cultural phenomenon that young women from middle-class backgrounds who have une petite crise would usually nip across the water . 
  good man . 
  but they 're of a different sort . 
  this was my point off the bat . 
  our economy was less focused on industrial output than others . 
  the things we manufactured were different . 
  one big loss has been the manufacturing of computers . 
  however , as most of these jobs were comparatively skilled , people found employment elsewhere . 
  nah , the issue there was that if your house is worth less than the mortgage , you can never sell it . 
  what happened to a lot of people was they simply earned less money , which meant that they could n't afford their mortgages . 
  the mortgage repayments were n't high , they were just higher than the person could now afford . 
  it 's friday . 
  i 'm not arsed looking for proper information . 
  which is why we look at gnp , not gdp in ireland . 
  and it also contradicts your point that we 're haemorrhaging industrial jobs . 
  yup . 
  our governments have been reasonably competent . 
  well then compare our mncs to french energy concerns or arms manufacturers . 
  i 'm sure france taxes its prestige companies every cent of the 33.33 % . 
  mortgage repayment rates were very low because of crashing interest rates . 
  they 've gone up a bit because of how hard it is to repossess houses in ireland . 
  anybody with a performing mortgage is subsidising those who can not or will not pay their mortgages . 
  exactly . 
  and that shows our debt is 90 % of our gnp .
