  who the fuck goes to mass ? 
  no it was n't . 
  nobody gives a flying fuck about them anymore , and they largely stayed out of the referendum . 
  yeah , i do n't want half of new york and boston voting in a country they do n't live in . 
  yeah , fairly sure it is . 
  where did the iron ore come from for the industrial revolution ? 
  you could find all sorts of fun things looking at that if there was accurate census data for the last few hundred years . 
  you could probably trace rural depopulation as farm labourers are gradually replaced by machinery and head to the mines and factories to produce those machines , for one thing . 
  there 's a surprise . 
  that one worked out well ... 
  i did n't say i was in anyway in favour of or opposed to it . 
  i merely pointed out it has to be handy . 
  ah i doubt it hurts , in all honesty . 
  they would n't do it otherwise . 
  it 's very popular , not the same thing . 
  soft support rarely translates to votes . 
  it 's the widows and widowers i 'm sick of . 
  lording it over us with their awful personal tragedies . 
  really ? 
  everybody bar judges and barristers and some solicitors has to go through metal detectors in our main court building . 
  security can be an issue in provincial courthouses , though . 
  never trust a celt . 
  sure your lot tried to conquer us too . 
  ( well , robert the bruce tried to reunite the disparate elements of gaelic ireland and scotland to create an opposing force on the islands to counter england , but still . ), 
  they 're not surprising , really , though . 
  ireland was part of the uk for 150 years and ruled by britain on an intermittent basis since the middle ages . 
  indeed . 
  it 's madness . 
  also , that act is great fun because some serious legal acrobatics were required to deal with crimes committed by irish people who were in the uk and extradition , warrants , etc. 
  we have a whole gamut of trade agreements with the uk that predate the eu ( indeed , the eec ) and neither country is going to do anything to jeopardise the mutually beneficial relationship . 
  edit : also a guardian article about ireland that did n't mention us raping children and/or subjugating women because we 're all catlick ? 
  standards have slipped . 
  there were two unions . 
  ingerland and scotland and then ireland to great britain . 
  hence the uk and not gb and all that malarkey . 
  wales is an odd one . 
  has the same legal system as england ( largely ) , and does n't have a cricket team , but it does have a rugby and a football side . 
  always odd how they were n't as `` defined '' as ireland and scotland were within the uk . 
  it was more that england was ruled by french kings . 
  richard ii did n't speak english if memory serves . 
  he was aquitaine more than english anyway . 
  nah , america 's grand , but i prefer home and there 's not an especially high difference in quality of life , etc. 
  i just wish i was still in college . 
  ah in fairness , it was a fairly important if massively dull question of constitutional interpretation rather than an accident . 
  i truly hope to see ukip 's response to romania 's economy catching up with the uk 's in the fullness of time . 
  could mean the architecture style or arrian christianity . 
  nah , the city is one of the major financial centres of the world . 
  it deals with anything and everything . 
  as an obvious point - presumably native swedish criminals would find it harder to flee to a country without proper policing ? 
  ah i 'm sure when those photographs were taken wealthy athenians had pretty sweet gaffs too . 
  the libor trials showed a man who 'd been allowed do something dodgy . 
  whilst it 's not beyond the realms of possibility that people higher up knew , there ; s no proof . 
  in ireland a handful of bankers have been imprisoned or are facing prosecution . 
  however , most banks were merely incompetent and caught out by the crisis . 
  tristan and iseult too , sort of . 
  though that 's more based on the myths of the insular celts . 
  what was that moving statue in some backwards shithole here ? 
  that was the 90s wasn ; t it ? 
  in our time is a fantastic podcast/programme . 
  if you ask irish people and/or nationalist nordies if they want unification at some point it 's near universal . 
  right now is n't really an option given how much money northern ireland needs from london every year . 
  tbh , i 'd forgotten about them . 
  they seem to be a right pack of cunts anyway . 
  they the mental hungarian lads ? 
  youth unemployment . 
  if you 're 18 now you were born in 1995 or 1996 . 
  the crash happened in 2008 . 
  as such , for anybody between 18 and 30 , europe was undergoing huge growth and prosperity for their childhoods . 
  much of that growth was unsustainable and artificial . 
  most responses to the crisis saw hiring freezes to the public sector , and so on , companies downsizing . 
  all of that makes it much harder to find employment . 
  what we ; re now seeing are a generation `` failed '' ( it 's a very simplistic word ) by conventional politics seeking answers elsewhere . 
  as greece has already proven , lurching to the extreme left does n't provide any benefits , but there you go . 
  the extreme right offers no better answers , but it has n't yet been in power . 
  galway has a pretty underdeveloped legal infrastructure i 'm afraid . 
  if you want to practice in ireland it 's not really an option outside of dublin , cork of belfast . 
  and in cork you 'd need to be a local . 
  the people blocking developemnt are also the people who tried to destroy the aesthetic of old dublin . 
  the corpo and its successors are fuckwits . 
  needs a weak government too . 
  tbh , that 's bullshit and clearly motivated by your own political preferences . 
  the obvious thing most people do n't talk about is the lack of a good solid war . 
  the baby boom happened because huge amounts of money were being spent rebuilding economies after the war . 
  furthermore , many economies were operating very efficiently , again , due to the war . 
  with a large number of people dead , especially young men , there was also space for people who came back to enter the labour market and to thrive . 
  most of the huge social shifts in the early and mid-20th century followed a large crisis . 
  world war 1 and the spanish flu killed millions of people , and also saw the ending of the aristocratic hold on much of europe . 
  it 's pointless to talk about young people being screwed over because it misses the point . 
  the old people who bought houses were n't planning on them all increasing in value . 
  terms such as betrayal are silly and emotive . 
  how is helping greece logical ? 
  doing so would infuriate most of central and eastern europe . 
  is finland 's economy not tanking because they were primarily reliant upon nokia and the paper industry ? 
  if the cost between the two is n't too drastic i 'll always fly aer lingus . 
  so hand them back to isis and assad ? 
  the alternative is what ... ? 
  let people drown ? 
  greece is n't sick , it 's terminal . 
  how many people on here would prefer the refugees to be allowed drown in the mediterranean ? 
  i shudder to think how many would approve of it .
