  i would suspect an independent scotland would do very well very quickly if the uk did n't attempt to sabotage them . 
  incredibly unlikely in this day and age , but certainly there 's history for taking a few swipes at the economy of an ungrateful upstart nation who dared to leave the union . 
  the only danger would be if there was overwhelming political will to kick scottish attempts to establish a currency in the teeth . 
  good to see that self-determination is the issue here . 
  it 's common sense that a small country which leans towards the centre-left would be more comfortable ruling themselves than being a small part of a 60 million person country that is drifting slowly but surely to the right . 
  it 's one thing to say the tories do n't reflect the scottish electorate , what about ukip ? 
  smaller countries are inevitably going to be better at using their resources too , the decision makers will be much closer to the issues at hand . 
  no it wo n't . 
  you just pass a second republic of ireland act 1949 and sub in scotland where needed . 
  obviously there 'd be an enormous amount of admin work , but this is n't the first time a country has left the union . 
  the irish who were dying were a ) catholic ; b ) peasants . 
  this is the age when anti-irish prejudice in the uk is turning , but it was still there . 
  the duke of wellington brought through catholic emancipation only a decade or so before the famine . 
  of course , at the end of the century , you 'd have celtic revivalism and a complete shift in perception of the irish , scottish and welsh . 
  too late for the millions dead or displaced by the famine . 
  even that gets overstated today . 
  while ireland exported food , there would still likely have been a shortage . 
  what was so dangerous in ireland had been the situation that a large proportion of the population were reliant on a small crop . 
  it went further in that the potato allowed ireland to sustain a higher population than it could have with native crops . 
  in areas with poor soil , potatoes sustained huge populations that really should n't have been there . 
  most of the reasons for this can be blamed upon british rule , the value of sub-dividing the land into smaller and smaller plots was done for the benefit of the english aristocrats who had been given the land in ireland . 
  true , but the approach based on `` england knows best , silly little scots '' as exemplified by that incredibly poorly thought out ad is a tough sell . 
  the no campaign 's basic point is that `` you do n't know what you 're doing . '', 
  it 's not been a campaign based on the value of the union as much as how fucked the scots would be without us . 
  odd angle to have chosen . 
  for king and god we 'll stop you english bastards and put the rightful king on the throne of englan ... feck . 
  yeah , odd period of history really , the royalist irish and scots battling to defeat the vile english republicans . 
  nah , your lot does n't like idolatry , but then , anglicanism is n't proper protestantism anyway , it 's just half-assed catholicism without the fun . 
  you need to go to scotland or germany for proper fun-hating protestantism . 
  all your lot do is have bake sales and ordinate women and gays . 
  bloody liberals . 
  jaysus catholicism does imagery well . 
  almost makes you want to join a crusade . 
  european capital cities have lots of pleasant old buildings . 
  colour me surprised . 
  i 'd be joining nato if i had a border with russia . 
  the general theme of this story has been that `` ve vere only following orders '' and that the culture in the authorities was one which sought to avoid dealing with a difficult issue . 
  quite possible that if you brought criminal charges the accused persons would start flinging mud at everybody who is n't facing charges . 
  is eindhoven philipstown for the electronics company or philip cocu ? 
  well in fairness , their laws are explained with `` examples '' which are just case law without the names . 
  but they 'll never have the joy of `` judge are you familiar with the decision of your colleague x in a v b '' followed by , `` counsel , would this not come under c v d '' while you stand on your feet and realise you 're about to be eviscerated and have your head mounted on a plaque above the bench . 
  and to think they threw that away !, 
  apparently they find it impossible to study too as there 's too much case law . 
  savages . 
  no , normans . 
  makes up for a bit . 
  he did n't murder him . 
  no worries . 
  conservatism , more than anything , followed by abortion becoming a so-called `` wedge issue . '', 
  ireland was always fairly conservative under british rule , and , post-independence , the relatively liberal largely anglo-irish protestant upper-class in ireland was gradually replaced by a new , conservative largely catholic upper class . 
  in the north , protestantism was already very conservative anyway , and a quasi-apartheid protestant state developed up there under british guidance . 
  in ireland , society slowly became more liberal over time , however , official recognition of this has always been slow to come . 
  an odd twist of irish cultural politics has always been a tendency to ignore laws without ever repealing them . 
  thus , homosexuality was only legalised in the early 1990s , but a leading campaigner for gay rights had tried and failed to be arrested for homosexuality throughout the 1980s . 
  divorce , contraception , etc , were all legalised eventually , often with bitterly fought referenda as a conservative grouping of irish society slowly but surely died out over the generations . 
  ( still about 20 % of our electorate . ), 
  with abortion , they really rallied the flag , money was pumped in to the pro-life fight , usually from the us , and they were incredibly quick to go to the courts , where irish courts ended up making decisions reflecting the law rather than the general will of the people . 
  the anti-abortion lobby has always remained well-funded , aggressive and deeply conservative . 
  in many respects they have long since departed from catholicism in ireland , which is fairly starkly divided between men like diarmuid martin , dublin 's archbishop who 's fairly liberal by catholic standards , and sean brady , who was a leading figure in telling all those sexy children to stop dressing so provocatively and tempting priests into sin . 
  ( i jest slightly . 
  slightly . ), 
  it 's important to note that while many of the pro-lifers are rigidly catholic , they 're not really catholic in a modern sense , and , in fairness , most irish pro-choicers are technically catlicks too . 
  there are quasi-religious reasons for the anti-abortion movement , but it 's really a reflection of a dwindling conservative body who are opposed to most societal change . 
  ah it 's the usual shite they try and peddle . 
  believe me , attributing this to catholicism is lazy journalism . 
  it has fuck all to do with catholicism . 
  france is ostensibly a catholic country . 
  there is a very strong `` pro-life '' movement in ireland , largely funded by american protestants . 
  no , not at all . 
  it 's just that the more machines , etc , used in industrial production , the less labour costs will arise and the fewer staff you 'll need . 
  high capitalisation can allow for large production for your labour costs . 
  i was born and raised in dublin . 
  you lot are fucked . 
  i 've plenty of friends from out wesht , i only know one who chose to stay out there . 
  in fairness , i 've one or two mates who are thinking of splitting their time between dublin and limerick , galway , etc , but it 's not easy . 
  i find people with a good education are much more likely to say or to come back . 
  easy enough to get a job in the ifsc or grand canal dock with an education . 
  most of my friends have stayed or returned tbh . 
  so it is . 
  well spotted . 
  is the picture of salamanca not the cathedral ? 
  anglo probably would have tanked without lehman brothers , the others would likely have survived . 
  it had most irish voters . 
  obviously . 
  nobody wants cuts without any feeling for the people who are `` rationalised '' but we 've walked into this situation . 
  even with `` austerity '' we 're still spending beyond our means and struggling to achieve sense . 
  we 're also unbelievably myopic as a nation - when the angela kerins shite came to light , people went on the warpath about her salary - why was nobody asking why the hse is not in charge of rehabilitation ? 
  why is that parcelled out to a third party ? 
  pretty much . 
  i mean , if you have politician a who says `` vote for me , i 'll keep things running sensibly '' or b who says `` less taxes and a free golden hat for all '' , b always wins . 
  ireland elected a populist centre-right party in fianna f\u00e1il for years with a berlusconi-esque line in petty corruption , etc , who consistently won elections by spending more money than they should . 
  up until the crash , continued economic growth allowed them get away with it . 
  yeah , i 'll doff the cap to the man with a loaded gun to my head . 
  well almost all our developers were obliterated so nobody was building homes ... 
  pretty much . 
  the crisis was largely caused by the global crunch marrying itself to our own massively overextended banking sector which had built itself ( sorry ) on speculatively valued construction empires . 
  it 's not impossible with reasonable and sensible politicans . 
  we 're actually spending more money now than at the height of the `` celtic tiger . '', 
  people do n't like to see governments stop spending , and politicians love to keep getting elected . 
  that 's an awful shot of the irish parliament to be honest .
