  greece was also ruled by a military dictatorship . 
  good luck with that . 
  we 're bubbling again already . 
  indeed . 
  generally it stems from bizarre religious prosecution and , in the anglophone world , the fact that those dastardly celts were more likely to be redhaired than the angleskis . 
  oh i dont mean that in a `` foreigner bad '' sense , more in the sense that i would expect most people going into such jobs would have gone to college here , etc. 
  yeah , that neck of the woods looks very pretty . 
  want to see hong kong too . 
  beijing and xian . 
  beijing was nice if smoggy . 
  i like how you can spot the major cities . 
  who else is slightly disappointed this was n't a story about european militaries investing in giant mech-based technology ? 
  if one 's going to be racist/atavistic , it 's negroes . 
  do try and make use of the queen 's english properly if you 're going to indulge in such base anglo-saxon bullshit . 
  in ireland ... ? 
  i 'm unaware of many foreigners in roles like that , as most of them would likely be public jobs . 
  i 'd suggest contacting a guidance counsellor or somebody of that ilk in ireland . 
  heh , if only . 
  i can ; t hear you over the sound of all that bulgarian property i 'm buying . 
  what fascinates me is the difference in approach to travelling . 
  when i was in china we were all warned to stick together , to be very careful , avoid thieves , etc. 
  this despite the fact that i suspect robbing western tourists in china would probably lead to a sojourn in a gulag on the mongolian border ( where do they keep their gulags actually ? ) . 
  either way , i had a grand auld time . 
  also , it 's far more instructive to see the real city ( or as real as you 're allowed see ) rather than the preservation of the pristine forbidden city to see the lies and deceit of the emperors or the preservation of the pristine tianamen square to see the glorious progress of the people 's leaders . 
  it never ends . 
  everyone loves castles . 
  tourists are easily amused . 
  my portugese spelling is shit . 
  and for that i 'm sorry . 
  the promoting thing is very true . 
  the algarve is a nice spot , but lisbon is an absolutely beautiful city , leiria and porto are meant to be lovely too . 
  lots of history , etc , but something that is n't really communicated to people . 
  true . 
  i 'm being lazy and simplistic though . 
  on holidays . 
  ah fair point . 
  if only they 'd stayed on that side of the irish sea , heh . 
  i went out with a dutch lass years ago , it 's taught fairly differently there . 
  it impacted ireland with the battle of the boyne ( william 's dutch troops triumphed over james ' largely irish and scottish army ) but it did n't change anything in england beyond the monarch . 
  true , but there was n't much conflict on land . 
  it 's always amusing to tell the brits they were conquered by the dutch . 
  then again , that army beat us , so it 's less fun if they know that . 
  yeah , you lot were conquered by them . 
  king billy , the queen so beloved of unionists . 
  conquered is obviously a bit of a misnomer , your army actually surrendered to him so they could be ruled by a protestant . 
  one of the lads dragging him out would have been the hapsburg emperor . 
  i disagree . 
  smaller countries can better respond to their problems . 
  a government in barcelona would be much quicker and more effective for the people of catalonia . 
  same as in scotland . 
  swansea fc , cardiff in the premiership , gareth bale making more in a week than warbs in a year ... not sure rugby is numero uno anymore . 
  the ospreys ca n't fill out the liberty stadium . 
  i 'm aware of the lengths of copyright terms . 
  it 's to protect an author 's life . 
  quite frankly i find it offensive that we would allow copyright run out and enter the public domain to be torn asunder by commercial interests . 
  did you read what i said ? 
  europe by its nature is drifting towards a more federal direction . 
  smaller districts being part of a greater whole makes the most sense . 
  governance from edinburgh simply makes the most sense . 
  as for your comments about outsiders , and entertainment . 
  they 're both utterly misinformed . 
  for large parts of europe , scotland is an example of a small country seeking to assert its own values and politics . 
  most but not all of ireland is able to do that . 
  catalunya is not . 
  there are other parts of europe with similar movements . 
  what happens in scotland is crucial for those people . 
  this is n't a game , it 's not about prestige or enterainment , it 's about considering the potential for further decentralisation of power throughout europe . 
  having had to study ip law , i would n't say that 's entirely true at all . 
  there has been consistent resistance in european courts to follow the positions of the common law world . 
  i still have no idea what is being threatened here , this is the problem . 
  i also think we need to be fully aware that we simply can not allow a state of affairs where copyright is just ignored . 
  hundreds of thousands of jobs rely on copyright as it so stands . 
  i said * industries * not businesses . 
  now , printing , music , television , etc , are all fairly standard and well known . 
  computer programming is a recent addition to the world of copyright . 
  now , while we do n't want people controlling our computers , how bloody likely is that ? 
  it 's the eu , not the us . 
  what reforms do they want ? 
  copyright only effects a relatively small number of industries which are usually totally reliant on their copyrighted works . 
  be it music or computer programming , you wo n't earn a fucking penny without copyright so i 'd really like to see what they want to put forward . 
  oh i 'm not saying things would be perfect by any means . 
  i 'm just working on the logic of an fptp system . 
  is scotland 's parliament thingy proportional rep or fptp ? 
  aye , but off the top of my head there are three times as many mps in england as there are tds in ireland . 
  scottish assembly thingy is about the same size as ireland 's with a similar population . 
  it means a lot more bang for your buck in terms of access to politicians , etc. 
  - they are , but france and the uk both have very low effective rates , as examples ; - their share is significant , but the snp , labour and the lib dems all have a degree of cross-pollination that the tories do n't really have . 
  a con-dem government in scotland would n't be likely ; - eh , us . 
  various sanctions , etc , between the two countries post-1922 . 
  shit happens , it was the 20s and 30s , some of it was our fault , dev in particular ; - nobody knows how scotland 's currency will work out . 
  lowering corporation tax is an interesting one . 
  while ours is very low , effective corporation tax rates are low everywhere . 
  the real advantage to ireland and the netherlands is the ability to ensure you make a loss by paying all your profits to an external `` parent '' company . 
  i do n't anticipate scotland lurching to the right immediately , as i 'm not sure where the right wing would come from . 
  given time scotland will develop one , but the tories get about as many votes in scotland as i do . 
  in terms of a ukip mep , scotland has its share of right-wing types . 
  as an irishman i 'm keenly aware of how much love a small minority of a certain type of scotsman have for us . 
  i 'm also aware that they are a small minority . 
  the days of discrimination against catholics , etc , are long relegated to the past . 
  in terms of the tory vote going up , some swing voters will never be satisfied with the ruling party .
