  spain annexed them for a while , but they broke free . 
   it 's the bloody people that do n't speak it at home that ruins it , not the education system . 
  stop using the easy scapegoat of the education system . 
  and now you think we should all go to the finite number of gaeilscoileanna . 
  great idea . 
  no , you 've made a completely fatuous point . 
  in a debate about failings in the education you sought to wade in and suggest that the solution was in fact that people would be taught irish by their families , and then you suggested that they teach themselves irish . 
  first of all , the initial point raised by multiple people is that irish language education is flawed . 
  nobody disputes this . 
  secondly , you then suggested people 's families teach them , which presupposes that their parents are somehow fluent in a language the vast majority of us can not speak . 
  you then came up with the idea that we all teach ourselves irish , and , as an example , suggested we copy a bunch of terrorists who spent their time locked in prison together trying to teach themselves irish . 
  weak arguments followed by petty insults . 
  well done . 
  we should make you the minister of state for the gaeltacht and irish language education . 
  well we ca n't put all our children in h blocks . 
  they knocked them down . 
  bobby sands should be our educational role model ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  so your problem is with people who ca n't speak irish not speaking irish at home so their children ca n't speak irish ? 
  the problem is , it 's not irrational . 
  most people feel excluded from the language . 
  irish is quite politicised in how it 's taught . 
  effectively , by the time we reach secondary school , irish and english are largely taught the same way on the basis that we 're fluent in both . 
  this is of course completely untrue , and leads to a scenario when in english you spend your time analysing great poets and so on so forth , you end up doing the same thing in an irish class , when you ca n't actually effectively communicate in the language . 
  it creates an environment in which the vast majority of students can not engage with the language because it 's taught in a way that assumes fluency rather than attempts to engender fluency within us . 
  this leads to a certain bitterness amongst irish schoolchildren which most of us retain to some degree , unfortunately . 
  if memory serves , they did in fact deviate from the general irish population at some point . 
  one of the major exceptions to `` costs following the event '' is a case brought in the public interest . 
  however , there are no absolute rules , and there could be plenty of other reasons for it . 
  also , bloomberg can well afford it , so they 're much less likely to receive sympathy . 
  the odds of an individual journalist having costs awarded against them would be much lower . 
  libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 and a cheeky little bordeaux i discovered last summer is truly the motto of a real country . 
  why would you read it that way ? 
  self-defence is a legal doctrine , it 's not the same thing as defending yourself . 
  well , no , the dpc for ireland is the dpc for the eu by proxy . 
  it 's an important position . 
  they 're officially still down there and they do have an office down there . 
  it 's a legacy of a long ousted irish government wherein they decided to decentralise the civil service and public bodies . 
  all sorts of groups were moved down to godforsaken towns in the arse-end of nowhere . 
  whilst it 's amusing , they 're no longer based there . 
  the new head of the dpc refused to move down to portarlington as it 's a shithole down the country and demanded new offices and staff in dublin . 
  that 's horsehit . 
  do you also think the flag is green white and gold ? 
  the hiberno-norse who provided most of the gallowglasses . 
  a great bunch of lads . 
  badly . 
  ( i ca n't remember , but in general their pronunciation is woeful . ), 
   but it 's like saying the stasi did a good job . 
  they did keep dissidents in check !, 
  bloody dissidents . 
  aircraft leasing is a pretty standard way of operating for companies who ca n't afford the capital investment of a new fleet . 
  portugal 's president has a different function and role to the irish president . 
  he ; s making shit up . 
  plenty of irish parties are left-wing , with labour and the sds being centre-left , sf being hard-left and a collection of lunatics further left again . 
  will jeremy corbyn be along to blame nato for this any time soon ? 
  nah , it 's problems are far more french than that . 
  it 's just your classic french city surrounded by banlieues that were originally intended to be temporary housing . 
  when they were initially built in places like paris and marseille , many of the people in the suburbs were white french too , and all were the beneficiaries of slum clearances , etc. 
  what happened was that more immigrants from the colonies and elsewhere arrived and were dumped in there with no means to leave . 
  their french was n't good enough , they did n't quite fit in , etc. 
  they 'd be a triumph of architectural design , urban planning and social engineering , * if * there had n't been population increases . 
  try r/ireland or r/northernireland . 
  loads of shinners on there . 
  ah yeah , bloodthirsty slavers , but progressives too . 
  almost all of dublin 's problems are to do with being too expensive and having shit infrastructure . 
  when it was agreed with a russian patsy in yanukovich that somewhat changes the colour of things . 
  eh , gaelic football is n't that dissimilar to rugby , football or aussie rules . 
  stems from the same era . 
  hurling and shinty in scotland you could argue have separate roots , but there you go . 
  if i married a black woman and had a mixed-raced kid or kids , i 'd be pretty fucking pissed off if somebody took my children away from me because they looked a bit different to me . 
  that whole judaeo-christian lark married to roman law is the root of most european legal systems . 
  concepts like marriage , family rights , etc , are all rooted in religion . 
  in places like ireland the restrictive abortion laws have clear religious links too . 
  sure , but the reality is most of these firms have considerably sized operations in ireland . 
  google have a couple of thousand employees , facebook have nearly a thousand or so . 
  that generates an awful lot of tax revenue . 
  that 's being abolished , and will end in five years for those companies using it . 
  what does facebook in the uk do ? 
  with 362 staff on an average income of # 210,000 , i 'm assuming it 's not exactly the customer support hotlines . 
  given that most of facebook 's european works run through dublin , why would london be generating much income ? 
  because those things are expensive and they 're not beside russia . 
  largely , yeah . 
  most dubliners call football football , outside dublin it tends to be called soccer . 
  exactly . 
  if the data commissioner wo n't do anything you go to the hc and jr them . 
  piece of piss . 
  how many people had smartphones in 2000 ... ? 
  how many people had a facebook account , a gmail account , etc ? 
  where are they from ? 
  not in damascus though . 
  i suspect a lot of refugees are middle class syrians who are fleeing urban areas . 
  young men are the most mobile . 
  are n't men more likely to be killed as potential combatants , or conscripted into various groups ? 
  what proportion of prisoners in assad 's prisons are women ? 
  largely the brits . 
  nah , we 're still the gateway to england . 
  can always invite the french back . 
  the brits . 
  we effectively have no navy or air force so we rely on them for most of our military protection . 
  we 're not actually neutral .
