  and to our mates across in yankee-land . 
  we 're quite clearly aligned with them . 
  and still the soft underbelly to britain . 
  hence russian jets flying over our airspace and testing its boundaries . 
  maybe we can send a biplane up to chase them . 
  russian jets being the most recent example . 
  and our navy is tiny . 
  we 're a rich first world island with 7 boats . 
  we are in my hoop neutral . 
  our air and sea defence policy is `` britain , save us , save us !, 
  somebody 's being mean ! '', 
  it 's a joke . 
  many did n't . 
  you can not find somebody guilty for behaving the way many of their co-professionals do if that behaviour is reasonable . 
  and reasonableness will be determined as it was at the time , not with the benefit of hindsight . 
  criminalising mistakes is impossible . 
  if it were possible , you 'd freeze all economic activity anywhere . 
  banks lost out on the crisis . 
  they lost out less than most , but they still lost out . 
  in terms of the market , banks are effectively extremely educated betters . 
  to use an easy analogy , the banks decide to bet on messi , he scores 50 goals a season , everybody 's delighted . 
  by your logic , if somebody takes an educated gamble , and it goes wrong , you want them to face criminal charges . 
  in ireland we had highly valued property , which had become overvalued . 
  married to the subprime crisis causing an immediate reduction in confidence and funding there was a snowball effect here . 
  ( and in spain . ), 
  it 's amazing how we all know it was inevitable with hindsight . 
  given that the test for professional negligence is usually a variant on what would a reasonable member of your profession do , and given that most economists , banks , etc , were championing the economic orthodoxy pre-lehman brothers , they ca n't even be held to have failed that test . 
  high income earners lost huge amounts of money . 
  they can bear it , but that 's a different issue . 
  both of my parents would have seen similar if not greater reductions in their incomes . 
  this did n't really have anything to do with the banking collapse . 
  obviously , it highlights the conduct in anglo , but it 's to do with fraudulently concealing loans . 
  the collapse was to do with over-extension and over-reliance on a property bubble . 
  nobody has ever held that such incompetence is a crime . 
  eh , i 'd say that would n't be the first thing i 'd think about when it comes to the serbs . 
  comt\u00e9 does n't travel well , sadly . 
  it 's much nicer in france . 
  eh , the brits have n't had a monarch who could actually utilise the position for about two hundred years at least . 
  it 's a purely ceremonial role . 
  the issue is n't whether greece can repay this debt , that 's pretty obviously impossible . 
  instead , you have two issues . 
  firstly , can greece be made reform to such an extent that they wo n't need a bailout further down the line . 
  secondly , if greece gets told , you 've completely failed to reform and need more money , here 's more money , what 's to stop other countries following suit ? 
  why ? 
  all parties to the discussions have a biased position . 
  the guardian is heartbroken . 
  what crimes were committed ? 
  those are pretty class . 
  whatever happened to royal navy ships having cool names ? 
  like hms achilles or hms bellerophon ? 
  prior to the eu 's aggressive position on deregulation an airline operating intra-eu flights needed government approval to fly . 
  in britain and ireland aer lingus and ba had a lovely duoply for fifty years or so . 
  thatcher 's tories were the ones who allowed ryanair fly . 
  the eu has prevented governments from allowing such small cartels exist at all any more . 
  without that level of eu intervention , you needed tories to foster competition . 
  think about that . 
  there are lots of criticisms of the eu that are sensible and obvious . 
  but also , on the balance , it has been largely beneficial to ireland . 
  yes , let 's . 
  it 's an especially apposite example for an island nation . 
  it illustrates one of many areas where the eu has led to the breaking up of de facto cartels and cosy arrangements . 
  similar arguments can be made in regards to standards of goods and services that have also improved under the eu . 
  ireland is full of them . 
  all they manage to do is blame the eu for all our problems . 
  it 's a classic leap to try and avoid any sense of personal responsibility in a political context . 
  instead of saying that irish people kept voting for reckless politicians , instead it becomes europe 's fault . 
  instead of having to sort our economy out , it becomes europe 's fault . 
  it 's a weak line and it does n't ever stand up to much scrutiny because trade with europe has benefited most industries whilst interfering lawmakers in brussels have transformed for the better huge areas of daily life . 
  any irish person who remembers how much it used to cost to fly to london should be thanking the eu every day . 
  ah yeah , but that did n't stop christianity endeavouring to set all the non-christian parts of the world on fire . 
  which ones ? 
  both sides are calling each other 's bluff . 
  aye , but a lot of people here are deeply unhappy about that for fuck knows what reason . 
  ah they can fuck off with that . 
  sure their conduct in the british election showed what republicans really think of protestants and dissenters . 
  in terms of republicanism , sure , but catholic emancipation was politically set up by irish liberal protestants , whilst many home rulers would have been of that background . 
  it sort of misses the subtleties of that though . 
  the role of anglicans and presbyterians in irish cultural movements and in various nationalist movements is underplayed . 
  cider , probably . 
  eh , it 's both i think . 
  depending on geography , politics , etc. 
  ireland 's doing a lot better than iceland is though . 
  yeah , but what do you do when the collective will of the people is wrong ? 
  as is often the case . 
  democracy is as much about tricking the people to do the right thing as it is doing what they want . 
  in fairness , he 's right . 
  it 's a ludicrous idea to throw every decision out to a popular vote . 
  the whole idea of a modern democracy is to elect relatively skilled people to rule . 
  ah right , so what makes them more real than everybody else ? 
  legalise drugs and let farmers do whatever they want ? 
  who are these `` real people '' ? 
  those god damned raised bogs , lording it over us with their protected status !, 
  i 'll get those fuckers . 
  he 's not left wing really . 
  he 's in favour of farmers being allowed carve up the bogs for profit after all . 
  he 's a libertarian and anti-dublin ( now brussels ) populist . 
  tread softly for if you do n't my golden mechanical bird will fuck you up . 
  also , mcbride was a prick and i want his missus . 
  it really would n't mean a king in the sense of a large kingdom , they 'd be chieftains of clan groupings . 
  in fairness , it also required a war in addition to an election .
