  we did n't have any nazis in europe before they arrived . 
  they appeal to contrarians . 
  fianna f\u00e1il are n't eurosceptic at all . 
  hmmm . 
  to cross-qualify for cyprus or not . 
  i thought they were both only semi-common law ? 
  like louisiana or scotland . 
  also the only common law country left . 
  i mean the tesco finest ones anyway . 
  they 're surprisingly good for supermarket croissants . 
  how ? 
  i 'd have a kilo of pasta a month easily . 
  porn is n't grossly offensive ab initio under english law . 
  obscenity was thrashed out repeatedly over the course of the 20th century in english courts . 
  he was disillusioned with stalinism when he realised that was the natural development of communism rather than marx 's idealised views . 
  sheffield rules predate aussie rules though . 
  well yes and no . 
  a stick and ball sport was played by the gaelic irish . 
  we do n't really know what it was though . 
  most cultures have a stick and ball sport . 
  the georgian town centre near that museum is lovely , but the town itself is in awful nick these days . 
  association football was the first codified `` football '' game . 
  most cultures have some variant of a football game . 
  it was codified as a direct response to association football rather than as an evolution of same . 
  shinty association 's only ten years newer than the gaa . 
  i think they were both products of celtic revivalism more than anything . 
  tralee does n't look that nice . 
  nah , though those we do have existed in a world with lots of connections and rivalries with terrorists . 
  so they 're not averse to utilising the techniques and skillsets of the terrorist groups . 
  what 's the difference between food and drinking water ? 
  all those human rights might have been getting in his way ? 
  i 've seen irish people doing that abroad too , tbh . 
  fairly sure ireland offered to take over french peace-keeping duties to allow them free up troops . 
  they 're just lulling us all into a false sense of security so they can conquer something . 
  war veterans ? 
  that the civil war post - independence or what ? 
  what crimes were they actually convicted of ? 
  merely fraud or what ? 
  what did mael mordha do that was so bad ? 
  i 'd have thought niall naoigallach was worse ? 
  he was just a pirate ? 
  he was a brit though . 
  worst irish person is harder to gauge as most of our misdeeds were carried out in britain 's name . 
  i did n't suggest anything of the sort . 
  however , germany like finland and ireland is no stranger to robbery and theft . 
  it 's unlikely they believe rape is ok , but if they 're from a background which is far more hostile to women ( and they are ) the moral leap to sexual assault and rape can be reduced . 
  to use a less emotive example , i 've an uncle who spent 30 years living and working in a third world country . 
  it took him a long time to come to terms with the fact that drink driving in ireland is now illegal and socially frowned upon . 
  not really . 
  it 's people from a completely different social world and structure who have no comprehension of german societal norms and/or laws . 
  once a few of them are tried , convicted and imprisoned they 'll start to learn . 
  yeah , there 's a fair whack of us out there . 
  my parents have an apartment out there for the summer , in fairness . 
  south western france or the riviera ? 
  there was an echr judgment recently ( i think it was teh echr anyway ) where a latvian ( i wish i could be certain , it was one of latvia , lithuania and estonian ) media outlet was sued for defamation on the basis of third party comments on the grounds that the publisher knew the comments were frequently racist , offensive , etc. 
  it may well be that a large number of european media outlets are simply unwilling to allow the sort of person who comments online the ability to do so in such circumstances . 
  also , the comments are rarely of any real value . 
  corporation tax is something of a shibboleth . 
  companies ca n't do anything with it - it either gets spent on the company itself ( and any money going to workers leads to increased income tax ) or it goes out in dividends which get taxed too . 
  the issue in britain is comparatively low income tax , especially on low earners , which is made up by high taxes on things like fuel , booze , etc. 
  ireland does the exact same thing . 
  only credentials ? 
  he was a successful lawyer , one of ireland 's youngest ever ag 's , the youngest ever european commissioner , head of the wto , chairman of aib and then chairman of goldman sachs . 
  by modern standards he 's a veritable polymath . 
  stabbed would do ? 
  also i was wrong , it was the 1313 act that banned armour . 
  apparently you could theoretically be armed . 
  [ http://www.legislation.gov.uk/aep/edw2/7/0/contents] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/aep/edw2/7/0/contents ), 
  they 're banned in westminster are they not ? 
  after some lunatic killed a pm ? 
  probably an eta joke ? 
  presumably they 're not getting rid of fair use . 
  about the only people effected will be those trying to profit from their photography of copyrighted objects . 
  net neutrality was n't abolished because it never existed in europe . 
  it has been given far more standing in europe than it ever had hitherto . 
  and yet people such as sunde are n't happy because it does n't go far enough . 
  he 's a shrill child who is n't willing or able to slowly achieve what he wants , it has to be now now now . 
   take the net neutrality law in europe . 
  it 's terrible , but people are happy and go like `` it could be worse . '' that is absolutely not the right attitude . 
  therein lies the problem with people like sunde . 
  when you have competing groups of people and interests , nothing can be done in a black and white way . 
  also , his whole idea of the internet being turned capitalist is flawed . 
  the internet reflects the world . 
  most people want to work in return for remuneration . 
  they do n't want to work so the internet can have their stuff for free . 
  i did n't suggest that . 
  i pointed out we ; re reasonably diverse . 
  if only we had an economy based on something as morally pure as the city . 
  agribusiness , it , chemicals and pharma is reasonably diversified . 
  people have been trying and failing since 2009 . 
  it 's a bizarre idea . 
  westminster is a functioning seat of government and one of the most significant historical sites in political terms . 
  ( even if that history is somewhat ... 
  mixed . ), 
  that and to break up pike formations . 
  finding an excuse to use that hall is pretty laudable . 
  in fairness , that headline is a bit misleading . 
  so , eh , they 've given up on joining the eu i take it ? 
  makes sense . 
  i thought there was a rebellion to break free ?
