  poor places have high birthrates . 
  ireland had a very high birthrate prior to the famine as a result of the penal laws discriminating viciously against catholics . 
  i assume he means finding ways to reduce birthrates . 
  high birthrates are a decent form of social welfare when you live in a collapsing country . 
  take somewhere like kenya , the population in 1950 was 6 million or so . 
  by independence in 63 it was around 8 million or so . 
  it 's now about 40 million . 
  kenya is n't five times as big , either . 
  that 's going to put a huge strain on resources . 
  in some jurisdictions i think they 'd have sided with the police . 
  the french call them les rosbifs . 
  he 's taking the piss and the name is n't the republic of ireland . 
  i did n't specify criminal offences or otherwise . 
  i 've done some work in the area of childcare law , it 's not pleasant , and sometimes the dodgy parents are foreign . 
  that can not be allowed to change the systems and structures . 
  children are incredibly vulnerable to mistreatment at the hands of their guardians , refusing to take the necessary steps because the parents are n't brits would be an utter abandonment of duty to those children . 
  you simply can not engineer a situation where the child is sent on a plane back to latvia marked `` do n't give her back to her mother . '', 
  if a country takes a child away from their parents , one of the most extreme steps that can be taken , then it 's on them to look after that child . 
  in theory you might get some fisherman from an island in the hebrides or something , but it 's unlikely even then . 
  by that logic all legal cases involving foreigners would need to be dealt with under their own law . 
  a latvian living in the uk is bound by the law of the constituent kingdom/leftover bit within the uk within which they find themselves . 
  well i would n't say shane mcgowan is n't english . 
  he 's anglo-irish in the modern sense of it . 
  as much one as the other . 
  idiot savant ? 
  him and gaybo were probably bessies . 
  yeah , the field is a handy view into understanding the mindset of non-dubs . 
  colm toibin or banville are more rural writers , but they 're not up there with joyce tbh . 
  with `` m ` umbro top '' being the traditional response . 
  yup . 
  yeah , fair point . 
  is he ? 
  ah i always thought he was first-generation anglo-irish . 
  apparently an irish lad who moved to canada . 
  ah solicitors still have a valuable role in court in terms of document handling and client management . 
  especially important in complex trials . 
  and they can remind you to say things you might forget sometimes too . 
  it 's more the americans who 'd get mocked . 
  english people of irish heritage do n't make a big deal out of it . 
  half the north of england is irish anyway . 
  ( well , probably less than a quarter , but still . ), 
  and it was written by some english lads in liverpool too in the 70s . 
  ( or possibly london or scottish irish lads ? ), 
  it 's almost the same course as english though . 
  which is pretty silly . 
  it was chosen fairly pointedly as well to make clear our claims on the north , which were removed following the gfa . 
  yeah , but it has a secondary meaning , to wit , legal decisions . 
  surprised that 's the definition in the oxford tbh . 
  if that does happen the dpp 's office will be the one to take it on the chin . 
  they decided not to charge him here . 
  you 've a fused profession , we do n't . 
  a solicitor is an attorney , a barrister is not . 
  in general terms , solicitors do general legal work , barristers plead in court , draft summonses and defences , motion papers , etc , and draft submissions if required . 
  solicitors can do all of that , but most prefer to brief a barrister . 
  as alluded to , only barristers get to gown up , and it 's class . 
  it 's both tbh . 
  we study jurisprudence in the philosophical sense at undergrand and describe written judgments and precedents as jurisprudence in practice . 
  how many have joined though ? 
  and how many members did labour have previously ? 
  oh i know , but my point is simply that somebody who joins labour ( or the conservatives ) probably has more of an ideological view of politics than a simple voter . 
  and even of that group , only about half of them can stand corbyn . 
  he appeals to about half of the people who have gone so far as to * join * the labour party . 
  anybody who joins a party is already more into it than most . 
  it 's also lawyer-slang for written judgments . 
  ah good auld ali damache . 
  he 's been the cause of some amount of jurisprudence here . 
  the judgment for anyone who wants it : [ ag v damache ] ( http://courts.ie/judgments.nsf/0/3e2641854ba1ddc380257e580045ea0d ), 
  that laughing at loyalists is funny . 
  because the british think they 're irish and we think they 're morons . 
  i think people seriously fail to understand what left , centre-left and centrist mean . 
  describing labour as centre-right is becoming a stick to beat new labour with . 
  meanwhile , the tories are sitting in the centre , drifting left , and hoovering up swing votes , whilst labour gleefully tries to recreate the 1980s . 
  i look forward to the miners strike 2.0 - this time it 's for money . 
  so what , 20 years of tory government is better than a centrist labour party ? 
  good luck with that . 
  in fairness , the numbers are reasonably misleading . 
  it 's probably about the same proportion down here who want it . 
  not because they 're opposed to it , but because it 'd be a nightmare financially and in terms of security . 
  laughing at angry loyalists is great fun from down here , i do n't want the unemployed scumbags living in my country though . 
  ( unionists are normally sound unless they 're duppers . ), 
  and so you should , if it 's decent scotch or whiskey . 
  if it 's jack daniels or some piss like that , fuck it . 
  it 's rocket fuel . 
  it was only the lads who left our army who people were n't happy with . 
  in fairness , there was a residual chance that britain would simply occupy ireland at various points during the war . 
  the british were incredibly unhappy with ireland 's neutrality , but given the 30s had been characterised by very fractious anglo-irish relations ( largely caused by dev being a fuckwit ) there was huge distrust for britain here . 
  the problem with satire has always been that creating a simple defence of satire would allow an awful lot of material to be published in a manner designed to defeat the law . 
  he 's not actually trying to be forgotten . 
  defamation proceedings are all about public vindication in a court of law . 
  what sort of philistine discounts the nobel prize for literature ? 
  o'connell street 's major purpose is to remind us how corrupt planning law can damage a part of a city . 
  it was once utterly beautiful ( look at pre-rising pictures ) but all the nice bits were gradually torn down and replaced with shite . 
  and full of junkies . 
  allows us take part in various un things , employs a few thousand young people and helps us patrol our large waters and keep people from overfishing them , etc. 
  strikes me as a win/win on every level . 
  we missed the first age of sail , in fairness . 
  given that we ca n't up and sail away , yeah , we do need to defend ourselves . 
  would n't be hard . 
  just aim at the nordies . 
  russia is implacably opposed to our nearest neighbours and largest trade partners .
