  at a basic level there is a dislike in england ( britain is a complicated subject ) of europeans ` meddling ' in their affairs . 
  it 's an ingrained thing , probably a hang up from going from being numero uno in the world to now being tied for 7th place with the italians . 
  ( i jest , but it 's worth comparing the two states in terms of size , influence , etc. ), 
  the more fundamental reason , however , is politics . 
  in northern ireland , the authorities famously allowed people be interned without trial , the government likely operated death squads ( sas shoot to kill policy , for example ) and they also essentially allowed a state be organised along the lines of an apartheid state in the north . 
  the echr does n't allow things like that . 
  from a tory perspective , up until john major or so , most tories wanted northern ireland in the uk no matter what . 
  do what it takes . 
  similar methods as used in malaya , kenya , etc , were all hunky dory . 
  now you try and send a lad like abu hamza back to a country where he 'll likely be tortured and killed and you 're not allowed . 
  you are n't allowed torture brown people until they confess to being suicide bombers , etc. 
  now , none of this is a reflection upon normal english people , but the retards reading the daily mail et al lap this sort of shit up . 
  it 's a very jingoistic subset of the population , and they hate the eu more than normal people like the eu . 
  ( i wo n't bother explaining that the two are separate bodies as they would n't know or care . ), 
  both sides claim the red hand of ulster as a symbol as well , at times . 
  sad to see people so hateful of a culture try and co-opt it for their own . 
  i doubt the likes of carson , etc , who wanted to be irish and british would have been comfortable with that . 
  same in ireland too , there are fairly strict height restrictions on buildings . 
  a rather apposite observation . 
  they 're the biggest extant area in ireland that 's not dublin , so there 'd be a certain chippiness given how much power , government , etc , is concentrated on the capital . 
  ah sure , we just need to keep a ) the georgian bits ; and , b ) the docklands , then knock down the rest and rebuild it to look like a ) and/or b ) . 
  washed down with some chateauneuf-de-pape , a bit of calvados and followed by crepes . 
  many , many crepes . 
  why do n't we bring the steak and let the french cook it ? 
  well actually , i 've irish because i went to school and needed to pass the lc . 
  i 've not used irish since school , nor will i , because i was never taught any irish that could be of any conceivable use to me . 
  they 've had decades to fix it , they 're not arsed doing so , they wo n't copy what the welsh did , so let the arrogant fools kill it . 
  so fuck them . 
  i 'm sick of seeing generations of kids fail to learn our language because of the arrogance of people like that . 
  heh , old school thread . 
  to be honest , no , i can not see the other side . 
  the curriculum is a farce . 
  it was designed by people who are fluent in irish for people who are fluent in irish . 
  as a result it deliberately excludes the vast majority of the population . 
  hard not to admire . 
  himself and longley were superb of the modern poets . 
  yeats is a wonderful dickhead from the old school . 
  a man singularly aware of both his own gifts and his own failings . 
  we 've always been blessed with fil\u00ed . 
  a cold comfort . 
  to paraphrase bill bryson , perhaps the world should be thankful that the english caused the replacement of irish with hiberno-english , in the process , creating the culture that gave the world wilde , beckett , joyce and the lads . 
  still sucks balls though . 
  we went for a harp . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i 'm being slightly tongue in cheek . 
  nah , the brits systematically obliterated it over the course of the 19th century . 
  pricks . 
  one sympathises . 
  yeah , that 's probably true . 
  i 've only come across it in the media . 
  ah yeah , true . 
  currently in france , where people enjoy ` le binge-drinking ' on the weekend . 
  a lot of words for things invented in the last century or so are irish versions of the english word . 
  can you guess what a teilif\u00eds is ? 
  actually , mael-seachlainn had defeated the viking lords of dublin about a generation previously . 
  at the point boru was attacking in clontarf there were ostmen on both sides . 
  that ajax side ? 
  ah i 'll be heading down to cannes . 
  i 'm looking forward to going to france in a couple of weeks so much . 
  i love lazy french augusts . 
  the yanks refuel loads of military planes there still , do n't they ? 
  nah , but shannon 's frequently used as a stopover on trans-atlantic flights . 
  lots of skiing , shite at football , and i think their existence is something to do with a bishopric that 's a remnant of catalan rather than spanish or french boundaries ? 
  for a variety of reasons ( mostly shoving peasants into factories ) the uk has less working-class and middle-class farmers than would be the case in ireland or france , or many other countries . 
  instead , most agricultural land belongs to wealthy people . 
  was n't that a piss take from the thick of it used by the targets of the bloody show ? 
  ah in fairness to them , the yanks win every battle in afghanistan , and won the war as quickly as wars can be won . 
  it 's the peace that 's an issue there . 
  there was a bbc 3 programme that did something similar with ireland . 
  there have n't been riots or acts of civil disobedience here . 
  young people do n't fight , they emigrate . 
  fair call , man . 
  nah , rightl so makes sense , sadly . 
  the levels of distrust between ireland and the uk of the era ca n't be overestimated sadly . 
  there was a very real chance the british would have annexed us anyway , if the americans had n't been needed they almost certainly would have . 
  what bloody blasphemy is this ? 
  in fairness , now , the scottish and the irish were culturally the same for a very long time . 
  if memory serves , whiskey and whisky predate the separation of the two cultures . 
  the irish language is ruled by what one could call intellectual fascists if you wanted . 
  i do n't mean to sound sensationalist , but those involved are fanatical about the language , and are unwilling to acknowledge the lamentable status of it outside of gaeltacht areas and gaeilgeoir ( irish-speaking ) families . 
  as said above , we were analysing poetry and plays in irish before doing that in english . 
  i 'd rather curry cheese chips from some dodgy chippers . 
  good luck to them . 
  thankfully i 'll be a lawyer , would n't touch eu politics with a bargepole . 
  i studied eu law and i could n't tell you . 
  why under a bridge ? 
  aspirations , my dear man . 
  i 'd love a big box to spend the night in and a onesie alright . 
  it 's piigs , actually . 
  italy being the extra i. 
  yes there is !, 
  they 're producing nothing for anybody outside of the companies themselves . 
  you 're not quite right . 
  what the companies are doing is relying upon corporate personhood . 
  basically , apple in america is leasing stuff from apple in ireland , and paying irish apple a fortune to use its own stuff . 
  the same thing happens with the irish firm frequently enough . 
  well he wants to expand the military and keep the scots and welsh in the union . 
  not quite imperialism though . 
  more than some . 
  a huge amount of words would come from norse , plus hiberno-norse would influence gaidhlig and ulster irish .
