they have been too long on / r/polandball . 
  are we supposed to lead ? 
  half the eu complains about how we arrogantly control everything , are selfish and greedy . 
  the uk is n't so sure it wants to stay in the eu at all , because of the evil outsider influence . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  you ca n't be a leader without followers . 
  germany has a high interest in the ukraine situation and tried to deescalate it , e.g by avoiding sanctions against russia for a long time and just using diplomacy . 
  you do n't like germany 's strategy , fine . 
  but do n't say germany should lead , when you really mean germany should just do what you want it to do . 
  no , fraktion . 
  sure . 
  it 's not likely in the near future , but there is no country where there could n't occur a war ever again . 
  your comment proves that that is a lie . 
  if only keeping peace would be chivalrous . 
  calmthefkdown , whom i was answering , did . 
  and no i did n't say it was the sole way , or in fact anything at all about any banners , but a factor 100 difference of the body count is a extreme difference . 
  understanding the difference between 3 and 300 dead is n't a dick-measuring contest , which also is a highly inappropriate choice of words , and telling people to stop complaining about those 300 dead is harmful . 
  so you know what would really be good for me ? 
  if you never talk to me again . 
  3 people died in the boston bombing . 
  citizenship is n't only used to travel , but relevant for many other duties ( draft ) , rights ( voting ) and privileges ( protection by the state , e.g. 
  if you get caught by terrorists in a foreign land ) . 
  there are a some exceptions ( youths under the age of 18 , long term unemployed for the first 6 months , certain interns ) , but it will increase the wage of many people , e.g. 
  average hair dressers earn less . 
  steaks . 
  no , he is n't . 
   if i commit voter fraud and you commit voter fraud we both will be punished all the same . 
  if i can do something and it is n't a crime , but it would be for you , that is the same treatment ? 
  if you say so . 
  you said before the law , but voter fraud also * is * a crime - and in that case it would be a crime only for you . 
  and no , the sentence wo n't necessarily be the same . 
  the russian or chinese ( not sure about you ) could be thrown out of the country as part of the punishment . 
  because of the eu and various contracts a greek citizenship gives you also many rights of the german citizenship , but for example you are not allowed to vote in national elections - one of the most important rights ( except to you apparently ) . 
  i certainly do . 
  i am generally happy with the german basic law , do n't know of any proper country that has abolished citizenship and i am sure it would lead to very bad consequences . 
  on the other hand i ca n't really think of any positive consequences . 
   i was under the impression that everyone is equal in front of our laws . 
  that is of course wrong . 
  what gave you that impression ? 
  a reasonable wish , but he overlooked an important point in his argument : if i pour milk over cacao and swirl it with a spoon , it becomes a chocolate drink . 
  so clearly french are delicious arabs , arabs are french , and macaroni are bullets . 
  \u00d6dp and die partei got a seat each with 0.6 % , so it is closer to 0.5 . 
  some are very pro-russian ( like front national ) , but the general policy probably wo n't change . 
  there were n't supposed to be any new sanctions anyway , if the presidential elections go on and russia respects the result . 
   why then have n't any european leaders asked the u.s. to leave europe ? 
  that 's all it would take . 
  take for what ? 
  their presence has no relevance for the question you asked . 
   you europeans are certainly touchy , though . 
  you 're talking in language of `` make a fool out of yourself '' if i do n't argue for nato 's immediate and full dissolution . 
  you americans certainly have problems reading . 
  i did n't say anything even similar to that . 
  i said you are a fool if you argue from authority , a common logical fallacy . 
   by the way , mrknot has not given any data , as such . 
  look up what the word ` data ' means . 
  i know exactly what data means and mrknot has given you a lot of data . 
  hint : data includes all your knowledge . 
  in your example you should n't make a fool out of yourself by using an argument from authority , but just give the data mrknot has already given , which are easy to verify and enough to prove the point . 
   . . or maybe its because old maps make good presents . 
  everyone likes maps . 
  do n't be absurd . 
  that bill never became a law . 
  in a tagesschau interview regarding this rechtspopulismus / - ten / - tisch is used 11 times , two times in the first sentence of the interviewee . 
  some people say the look gay : [ germany ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/fotostrecke/photo-gallery-germany-s-sochi-uniform-fotostrecke-102165-3.html ), 
  i think your unreasonable hatred of her is ridiculous , but it clarifies why you do n't believe anything she says . 
  so you do n't actually have any believable source . 
  not surprised . 
  that 's a pretty worthless source . 
  how would the news program know this ? 
   she never had to hide from her muslim family ; she never was circumcized how do you know this ? 
   why do something that you know will offend people . 
  plenty of funny things to do and say that are less likely to offend a lot less people . 
  because those things are a ) less funny and b ) less relevant . 
   if at all possible , do n't make people sad . 
  it 's a nice rule to follow . 
  it 's an idiotic rule to follow . 
  avoiding to make people sad has often dire consequences . 
   i think that , within reason , people should be allowed to be wrong . 
  hell , that 's a right protected in a democratic society . 
  they are allowed to be wrong . 
  and people are allowed to mock them , and by mocking them teach others and possibly the moslems themselves about their errors , which is a noble and good thing . 
   however , when exercising said right makes those who would take that right away from me stronger , and when there 's no good reason for me to exercise said right , save to make innocent bystanders sad , then perhaps i should look at the cost-benefit . 
  muslim extremist do n't get stronger if people excercise their right to mock islam , the opposite is true - which is a good reason . 
  they get stronger if people censor themselves , because of them . 
  the `` ideological ammunition '' from comedians you fantasize about is absolutely worthless and wo n't sway anything relevant , while the dhimmitude you favor is devastating to the west . 
  the only way people would n't be afraid to say bad things about islam is , if they see others say similar things without violent repercussions . 
  i am not joking , they are easily distinguishable . 
  you seem to be actually colour blind . 
  yes , of course . 
  it 's dark blue , light blue and not blue at all , but burgundy . 
  they are very different . 
  wrong !, 
  you do n't have to initiate it yourself , if you are baptised you are a member of a christian church . 
  ignoring the factual base of an argument makes a discussion completely irrational , so you should use a different word . 
   also , i tried to show it is influencing germany today . 
  you failed to do that . 
   most of the german law ( i mean the bgb ) is still rooted in the law found in the first instance of the german nation . 
  completely irrelevant for the question in this thread . 
  while most law naturally will remain expedient , social attitudes can change completely in a much shorter time ( see e.g. 
  the question of gay marriage in the usa ) .
