  greece will never allow the eu to have that level of power over them . 
   money is a tool to match idle labor with idle resources to create real economic growth . 
  this only works in countries with idle resources that are not brain drained . 
  aka the us with foreign engineers coming over by the boatload and empty factory space/real estate on every corner . 
  not greece where the government ca n't enforce taxes , does n't even know who owns what lands , and has always had a low level of industry ( being more reliant on tourism and agriculture , plus non-finished manufactures ) compared to the rest of the eu . 
  they ca n't even benefit from brain drain due to their high cost of living relative to wages . 
  brussels has a housing crisis , there is nowhere to redistribute them to, 
  they have more legitimacy since they actually hold and control land , and are a de facto country . 
  al qaeda was just a group of people , not a functioning state . 
  limit on number of asylum seekers should be based on logistics . 
  with a group of migrants ( as with any group of people ) , you will require a certain number of police , and countries have finite amount of policemen , so it stands to reason that they can only accept a finite amount of migrants . 
   do the check at the border on lesbos instead of in hamburg , that will solve everything ? 
  it will not solve everything , but it is much harder for a terrorist stuck in lesbos to commit an attack compared to one automatically granted asylum in hamburg . 
  and like you said , it will be more orderly , which will help a lot . 
       you know how republicans go on and on about a fence to keep all the mexicans out ? 
  well the european borders are even harder to close than the one between the usa and mexico . 
  this is not something simply done at a whim , it 's not like nobody had ever considered that . 
  i do n't mean a physical wall , just force registrations and proper background checks of anyone caught entering . 
  right now , the authorities are guiding the migrants straight towards germany and not even trying to stop them . 
  sure you ca n't stop all of them but you can make the endeavour costly and dangerous, 
  more the latter . 
  closing external borders and properly processing asylum applicants will reduce one avenue of entry into europe for potential foreign terrorists . 
  certainly , eu should also adopt adequate measures to deal with european terrorists as well , but like you said , closing internal borders will have a huge negative impact so that is probably not what they should do . 
  i agree with your conclusion , just pointing out the irony in your comments relative to the supply problems of the german army ( and various nato members not meeting spending quotas ) as well as the current migrant crisis ( where eu borders have been shown ineffective ), 
  it does n't matter that much , but it still shows a breakdown in eu external border control . 
  the tactic of hiding amongst syrian refugees is only effective because european countries do n't scrutinize claims of being syrian . 
  the problem is that eu terrorists can not be stopped by border controls , while foreign terrorists can . 
  it is irresponsible to not at least attempt to limit the amount of terrorism within europe, 
   this is verging on edgelord territory already , but going through life , just pretending all that bullshit is true without confronting it just smacks of intellectual cowardice . 
  the vast majority of people are cowards though , otherwise hostage situations would be impossible, 
       we do not have roaming tribes carving out a piece of our countries  we do not have armies about to succumb ah yes , the german military which is successfully controlling their borders armed with state-of-the-art broomsticks . 
  there are many illegal immigrants in germany already beyond their logistical capability and political will to remove . 
  no , it 's within her powers to suspend the law , it was just a stupid idea to do so, 
  i meant syrian refugees living in lebanon . 
  i do not blame them . 
  in fact i feel sorry for them , after fleeing from lebanon to europe only to see europe turn into lebanon . 
   china is dealing with uyghur terrorists because the ccp straight up wants to eradicate islam . 
  china has been living alongside islam in peace for hundreds of years , they are only dealing with terrorism now because of an influx of foreign funding for islamic terrorism . 
  again , even though china has one of the least interventionist foreign policies in the world , they still have to deal with the effects of middle east terrorism funding . 
   and actually , if our government was smart , we could be on an island where international events do n't affect us . 
  we tried this and there were two world wars . 
  now , we no longer practice isolationism . 
   i 'm saying chaos would n't affect us . 
  if our citizens want to fight , that 's fine , but they wo n't be our citizens anymore . 
  is 's goal is world domination , you think your citizens that join them wo n't engage in domestic terrorism ? 
  plus you ca n't revoke citizenship for every isis member because it 's not like we have a giant official list of them somewhere . 
   fantasy , i know . 
  all that needs to be said, 
  that 's not what i mean , you ca n't just pretend you are on some island where international events do n't affect you . 
  germany is n't involved in syria at all and they are taking a large amount of refugees regardless . 
  china is n't involved in the middle east either and they are still dealing with uyghur terrorists . 
  the reason isis is around is because of a power vacuum in the area . 
  power vacuums happen even without intervention . 
  people join isis not because they are angry but because the idea of an islamic caliphate appeals to them . 
  you ca n't stop that idea from crossing borders , even if you do n't go into the middle east at all , some of your muslim population will still join isis . 
  you are making the mistake of thinking that isis and their followers are thinking logically - they are not . 
  but without border controls , you ca n't prevent the people who are killing them in beirut from coming to france and killing them here . 
  the refugee crisis has proven that even without involvement in the middle east , the shit will not stay there . 
  hence the ` cheap-ass ' part, 
   we apply the same rules on both sides : if a nazi calls for ` death to all jews ' , he will be prosectued . 
  if a radical muslim calls for ` death to all christians ' , he will be prosecuted . 
  ( simplified , of course ) ah i see but i suspect other countries do not prosecute radical muslims as much for inciting violence . 
   what would be the best starting point is replacing foreign funding for the islamic education in germany as the preachers the foreign countries send here are usually too conservative . 
  agreed . 
  you guys can effectively suppress nazi ideologies , why not suppress radical islam ideologies ? 
  the same logistics would be involved , no ? 
  it does n't matter if they actually were safe or not , it only matters if the law recognizes their place of origin as safe or not , and right now , the law recognizes all of syria as unsafe . 
  you ca n't bring in contempt of someone in germany ? 
  wtf ? 
  how do you criticize anything ? 
  if the war lasts a long time , they can take that time to apply for permanent residence . 
  they should have an advantage over other applicants in that they may have children born in sweden , they may have learned swedish , found jobs , etc. 
  there are boats and planes, 
  that 's what finland gave them and they still complained . 
  europe can literally see them coming from turkey to greece and yet they still do nothing because the turkish government refuse to take them back . 
  plus , the refugees themselves know that their lives are no longer in danger once they are in turkey and yet they continue to claim otherwise . 
  the entire process is disingenuous and only serves to clog up the immigration system that normal immigrants use to find jobs . 
  they are abusing their original refugee status to cut in line in front of these normal immigrants despite the fact that they are no different . 
  slovenia wo n't let them enter but they enter regardless , 
  i agree with most of your points but one . 
  not being able to work is not grounds for asylum . 
  not having a future is not grounds for asylum . 
  asylum is for when you do n't have a present . 
  when staying where you currently are is literally is death sentence . 
  there is no difference from euro 's perspective between a refugee who ca n't find work in turkey and anyone in the world who ca n't find work . 
  yes , one of them escaped a war , but there is no war in turkey where they are now , otherwise there would be a whole lot more refugees . 
  once they reach turkey , if they want to go to europe to find work , they should apply through the same channels that any unemployed turk uses to apply for work in europe . 
  there is no reason why they should n't , it 's not like they 'll die if they do n't get to europe from turkey . 
  if turkey does n't allow them to work , that is their fault . 
  if europe does n't allow them to apply to work from turkey , then that 's is europe 's fault . 
  but once they are out of immediate danger , the refugees no longer get special treatment . 
  the ones that get into slovenia despite their protestations, 
  i do n't see ` citizenry ' in that list . 
  you can be a citizen of any country regardless of sex , parentage , race , or homeland . 
   germany is not the root cause of the influx of refugees . 
  it started before the whole ` syrians are welcome ' campaign . 
  by then prognoses already stated there would be 1 million + refugees in europe by the end of the year . 
  of course they are not the cause , however they have made things worse . 
  like i said , europe can easily handle 1 million refugees if they had a more controlled process for admitting and resettling them . 
  they do not , and germany 's policies in particular have created a nonsensical mad dash to reach the promised land on one side , and erecting haphazard fences and shuttling migrants unannounced on the other .
