it does if you refuse to tell them to go back once their homeland is safe, 
  not really . 
  the region just is n't compatible with democracy . 
  look at which countries are the most stable . 
  jordan , egypt , saudia arabia . 
  our best chance is to hope that the rulers do n't restrict civil rights too much, 
  as we all know , hungary is a literal warzone right now and it would be inhumane to force them to stay there, 
  you get a notification any time someone responds to one of your posts, 
  i 'm pretty sure shouting anti-refugee sentiments in the public square is also illegal now, 
  did you even read the report ? 
  half of his complaints were related to australia being uncooperative as well as bills that had n't even been passed yet . 
  the other complaints : 2 guys who were complaining got beat up . 
  the case is still under investigation and the rapporteur immediately blames the australian government for not doing enough australia was seeking to deport a group of sri lankans back to sri lanka . 
  the rapporteur deemed that they would be under threat of torture there , since some of them were tamil . 
  sri lanka has not been in a state of war since 2009 and if their government is torturing innocent ethnic minorities during peacetime , perhaps the un should condemn them instead of australia no mentions at all about rape , which you claimed . 
  in fact , there 's no mention of torture either . 
  he mentions ` violence and tension ' which is only to be expected in a population sufficiently large , so long as law enforcement can adequately protect people i do n't see any problem . 
  it 's not like australia itself has no tensions and a crime rate of 0/100 ,000 / year . 
  he also mentions detention of children , which is apparently not allowed under the international conventions australia agreed to . 
  apparently this is equivalent to torture . 
  is having an offshore asylum-processing facility a gross human right violation ? 
  this is n't sarcasm , i legitimately want to know, 
  swago ** vic **, 
  they are similar in that they are both very hard to leave , which is the main criterion i was responding to, 
  but muslims do n't only obey german law , they also obey islamic law . 
  so under some sort of law that enough people are willing to use force to enforce , leaving islam is punishable by death . 
  `` the recent flood of immigration posts has destroyed the values that / r/europe used to stand for '' `` ca n't even casually browse / new without being harassed by immigration posts '' `` the mods should impose some sort of limit on the number of immigration posts so as to prevent / r/europe from being overwhelmed '', 
  hahaha you think the police would do anything ? 
  you do n't need to have a say in parliament to threaten to kill someone, 
  also muslim countries have suffered a ton of islamic terrorism too, 
  and france has severe sanctions on scientology . 
  but somehow if you apply those same sanctions to islam you 're `` xenophobic '' and `` neo-fascist racists '', 
  the wealthy muslim countries do n't care about being politically correct or labeled racist and just kick them out . 
  or literally enslave them . 
  edit : although some muslim countries like turkey and jordan do accept them , millions of them in fact . 
  although if you had the choice , would you rather flee to turkey/jordan or europe ? 
  elaborate on the paprika . 
  i 've heard of this stereotype but never understood it, 
  is n't your national dish chicken tikka masala ? 
  yeah maybe they accidentally saw the owner of the castle having sex with his sister, 
  do they not sell air soft guns in the uk ? 
  europe does n't forcibly contain them , so just they walk out of the countries they 're in to go to other schengen countries, 
  well if the cops refuse to report on ethnicity of criminals , then soon enough there will be 0 data available for breakdowns like this . 
  `` pocket marine !, 
  most of the wall was built after the fall of the yuan dynasty . 
  before the yuan dynasty , it was incomplete , which is why the mongols could ride around it . 
  but he realizes that even he has but a finite supply of money , so when trying to build a legacy , he has to use that money efficiently . 
  if you drop birth rates below replacement level , population will fall, 
  cost of living too high, 
  kke refuses to participate in a coalition government though, 
  are you suggesting that fraport helped orchestrate the greek crisis . . ? 
  it 's kinda assumed that people buying bonds will try to aim for the highest feasible return on investment though . 
  that 's expected behavior that we tolerate . 
  however , it 's also expected that countries not take out loans if they are unable to repay them in the future . 
  yeah , i knew that , but i thought only they did it, 
  bagged milk ? 
  forced credits . . ? 
  ah we call those dollies in the us . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of a collapsible shopping cart, 
  collapsible . . cart ? 
  please tell me more about this fantastic device, 
  ah yes , i love the feature in eu iv where you can sink half of dennark into the sea, 
  i thought the stereotype was that they steal all the low paying jobs from the native british . 
  which would imply that they are employed, 
  would wasting less food make fewer people be in poverty ? 
  naturally high levels of humus ( organic matter ) which makes it more nutrient-rich, 
  0 % nominal . 
  if everyone in the planet ended up doing the same , ticket prices would go up and rent in expensive cities would go down . 
  v : i want to cut your wages employees : i do n't want my wages to get cut v : what are you gon na do about it , quit ? 
  employees : * quit, 
  if they do n't need the job , then you do n't really have a good negotiating position to cut their wages . 
  insuring deposits is n't the only thing that banks do though . 
  they also give out loans which are kinda important for people trying to start or expand businesses, 
  uh , yeah , i do n't lose anything and i get a more efficient welfare system for everyone, 
  a lot of them refuse to speak english . . at least that 's the stereotype for euw league of legends, 
  it does n't rebound fully, 
  the supermarkets control a lot of the distribution networks and economies of scale so they have a lot more leverage when negotiating prices because it 's hard for a competitor to pop up and outbid them for suppliers and undercut them for consumers . 
  it 's not free money , you pay taxes for it . 
  it 's just a better designed safety net, 
  she was n't an economic migrant , she was an asylum seeker who wanted to stay in germany . 
  the problem is that asylum is supposed to be temporary, 
   that 's a legitimate protest movement ? 
  it 's a legitimate protest movement because it works . 
  people burning cars just do it for the lulz, 
  who needs tv series when you have the guardian live ticker ? 
  i think the server checks which website you came from . 
  by doing this trick it makes it seem like you came from their website, 
  i read the title correctly but i thought their company headquarters was run over by a snowball . 
  also disappoint, 
  is n't the polish national anthem technically a march ? 
  yes . 
  bridge loan is funded by efsm , which is eu-wide . 
  it is expected to be paid back by bailout funds . 
  man , you should run a media company with . 
  foolproof business plan :d, 
  at those interest rates they are effectively locked out though . 
  has the greek economy shown the ability to grow without unsustainable deficit spending ? 
  because if they had , i 'm pretty sure they would n't be locked out of the international credit market right now, 
   champagne from california . 
  so , umm , about that http://www.gianteagle.com/productimages/product_node_61/84704091328.jpg,
