  it is cheaper to build schools in turkey than to accept hundreds of thousands of migrants in europe, 
  they did not close their schengen borders . 
  croatia and serbia are not in schengen . 
  they did n't close their croatian border until after croatia pulled the train fiasco, 
  they are stupid , but if you deem your cause righteous , then any action done to support it is justified . 
  `` all 's fair in love and war '' type of thing . 
  this is why extremism is dangerous , because it can provide justification for all sorts of horrible stuff . 
   if we were to put people into massive refugee camps `` putting minorities into large-scale camps ? 
  literally nazi '' and that 's why it does n't happen, 
   the saudis do not threaten any other nation ask yemen, 
   i do n't even know why greece would reject this proposal tsipras thinks he can negotiate a better deal, 
   the rights to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness are also modern ( enlightenment ) concepts . 
  you are correct , but asylum benefits and family reunification laws are even more modern, 
  they do not have the money to write off everyone 's debt, 
  trust me , such people exist, 
  well if you declare all of middle east as unsafe countries , then de facto you are encouraging all of the middle east to go to europe . 
  this has n't happened yet , only syria has been declared completely unsafe , but the precedent is there, 
  the problem is that the areas where you can build new housing are not the areas where migrants ( or native germans ) want to live . 
  you still end up with ghettos . 
  ah yes , the infamous `` my prime minister writes constitutions on his ipad '' pickup line, 
  barring extreme famine or warfare , poverty does not cause a well-founded fear of dying . 
  there are many reasons to flee . 
  however , not many reasons are strong enough to oblige a sovereign country to grant you asylum . 
  does n't matter when most people agree with whoever is louder and not whoever is more logical, 
  what logic is that ? 
  rule should be `` is there well-founded fear of dying in that country '' . 
  does n't matter when other side can change definitions at will and ignore logic, 
  some people are more equal than others, 
  well they will stop claiming to be passing through once they reach germany/sweden, 
  government controls coastline . 
  lots of people live on the coast . 
  of course this detail does n't matter once all of syria is declared unsafe . 
  lots of people will leave government controlled areas and claim asylum just for better jobs/benefits/avoid getting conscripted . 
  force them into camps and do n't let them leave until they get fingerprinted . 
  hungary tried this , they got called nazis , decided instead to just say ` screw it ' and shipped all the migrants to ~ ~ austria ~ ~ unsecured camps by the austrian border and wall off their borders . 
  no , they 're saying they want to pass through balkan countries to get to germany, 
  they would not be dealing with refugees in the six digit range if there were no chance for them to get to germany . 
  they would not be dealing with refugees in six digit range if germany let people apply for asylum at their embassy in turkey . 
  even directly chartering flights to refugee camps to pick people up to go to germany to apply for asylum would be less idiotic policy than what germany is doing right now . 
  do they not have hope in greece ? 
  what about fyrom ? 
  serbia ? 
  how has the world decided that germany and sweden are the only places in the world where syrians are able to live a proper life ? 
  no war lasts forever , when it does end , if the side that ends up in power poses a danger to people , those people can claim political asylum in any country they want . 
  and yes , if people displaced by war want a better life than they have right now , they have the right to ask . 
  but nobody is obligated to accept , especially if they do not follow proper immigration procedure . 
       i think most people just want a chance at a decent job , at feeding their family and giving them a perspective . 
  they want a chance to work for their progress , for their betterment . 
  i do n't think that is what i would call `` entitlement '' . 
  it does not matter what people want , it only matters what they need . 
  people need food , water , shelter , safety from war and persecution . 
  people also need to respect the immigration laws of europe . 
  it does n't have to be a neighbour , it can be literally any safe third country that needs a bit of money . 
  too logical, 
   before they are allowed to re-enter the coutnry . 
  what is keeping them from just walking over from austria ? 
  is german border patrol really going to stop them ? 
  where were you when german deportation system was kill ? 
  i was work at bar for under-table pay when deustchepolizei ring `` you are deport '' `` no '' `` okay '' and you ?? 
  i swear , r/europe has the funniest rhetoric . 
  their country is technically still at war with israel, 
  like you said , it 's funnier this way . 
  you can constantly refresh / r/europe to read about the new episode in the game of migrants, 
  it is still a better life than they had in turkey, 
   you 're dealing with people who did n't apply for asylum in an embassy also apparently germany does not allow people to apply for asylum at embassies, 
  what kind of data do you want ? 
  it might take me a while to find them since i do n't speak german . 
  911 response times ? 
  average number of hours/week or overtime ? 
  here are some anecdotes in the meantime : http://www.dw.com/en/germany-must-build-border-fence-says-police-union-chief/a-18789260 '' `` our internal ( law and ) order is at risk ... someone needs to pull the emergency brake now , '' he [ police union chairman reiner wendt ] cautioned . '', 
  http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article147921764/das-system-droht-zu-kollabieren.html '' `` due to the unpredictable evolution of the refugee situation and the resulting duties of the police ... it was unanimously decided by all ak ii members that preparations for the next transnational speed control event should be halted . '' '', 
  yes , in the long term it would be a good idea to crack down on illegal work , but police are too busy dealing with crisis stuff to do that right now, 
  it is still hard for parties to get voters to vote for them if anyone who publicly supports them gets labeled a nazi, 
  well the only other parties to vote for are apparently nazis and nobody wants to publicly support them so . . 
  police are stretched to their limits already, 
  they are not the worst , no , but it is still illegal to work under the table , and it is troubling that the germany government is unwilling or unable to control it . 
  are you suggesting that these people are not disappearing into the illegal work system ? 
  i mean , where else would they go ? 
  yes germany has a fairly large problem with unregistered people living below the radar and working unofficial jobs where they get paid under the table . 
  the problem will only increase when people who get denied asylum decide to hide underground . 
  government employees vote too, 
  the problem is that you are accepting everyone from syria , including the hardline muslims who will riot against cartoons , there is no selectivity in the process any more, 
  if germany were to apply dublin iii to the letter of the law , there would be no incentive for millions of people to walk to germany . 
  nobody is going to pay thousands of dollars to a people smuggler and risk their lives just to improve from turkey to hungary/greece . 
  but germany is too shortsighted to realize this , and in trying to help people , they just make things worse . 
  they are biggest coalition , leftwing is split into two groups , neither of which are bigger than the right-wing coalition . 
  plurality not majority, 
   many european countries actively encourage asylum seekers to push on further into europe and there were even reports of italian officials giving asylum seekers money to do so . 
  they only do this because they know germany will accept them and not deport them back to border countries . 
  if germany changes either of those policies , then border countries are screwed, 
  it does n't matter if the kurds secure areas in syria , once you declare all of syria unsafe , the refugees will come regardless, 
  not in eu he does n't, 
  if a college frat decided to trek all the way from us to panama , it would be reasonable for mexico 's government to say that they look like an army - they are a group of military-aged males marching with a singular objective . 
  they are the biggest group , but minority means < 50 % . 
  your link says out of 43,071 asylum requests in german for the month of sept 2015 , 16,838 were syrian . 
  that is not  50 % . 
  yes , i am counting the balkans who are jamming the system currently , and i will not stop counting them until they stop jamming the system . 
  and if they do n't , local neonazis will to force them to move to a different town . . 
  it 's just a huge mess all around, 
  there are kosovans and albanians that try to seek asylum in germany that are not counted in the mediterranean arrivals ( since they do n't cross the mediterranean ),
