  an economy that can be toppled by a crisis is not a strong economy . 
  greece does n't pay that much interest , much of the debt was either forgiven or restructure to low interest / longer term payment . 
  the main problem is that they are locked out of the debt market and that their economy is poor ( structural issue ) . 
  even without the debt , greece would still be locked out of the debt market with a poor economy which does n't really make things much better . 
  that does n't benefit anyone though so there 's no point encouraging that, 
  from past behaviour ? 
  one of the parts of the eurosummit agreement was that greece finally implement unfinished parts of the 2012 bailout , which means they did n't do it despite agreeing to . 
  yes ? 
  combined with reforms that means in those 10 years hopefuly they develop good spending habits and do n't go into heavy debt in future, 
  i meant if greece 's current debt was erased , reforms could prevent them from going into such high levels of debt in the future . 
   attract new investment nobody will invest in greece while they are still unstable . 
  their first priority should be using the time that ecb bought them to restructure themselves into a country that people will actually invest in . 
  only then can they grow their private sector . 
  the greek parliament has posted the reform bills online ( in greek though  . < ) http://www.hellenicparliament.gr/nomothetiko-ergo/katatethenta-nomosxedia?law_id=b4c01545-e4b2-4fa6-bb44-a4d5013c2f78, 
  they voted no so that they could play hardball . 
  aka piss off eurozone until they get a better deal . 
  how is that not deliberate ? 
  the debt is simply the leverage that the eurozone uses to implement these reforms, 
  yup , but with reforms they can prevent another default in the future , which is in everyone 's best interest, 
  except greece wo n't actually implement those reforms , so what 's the point ? 
  and they 're just going to default in a few years anyways . 
  might as well do it now and get it over with . 
  the ec is recommending using efsm funds for the bailout despite british concerns : http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/14/greek-crisis-tsipras-political-backlash-bailout-osborne-uk-live#block-55a50683e4b0710add7752be, 
  the germans do n't like the deal , but they think that merkel and schauble did the best that they could . 
  78 % of them do n't think greece will even implement the reforms at all, 
   it would probably lead to a war or a couple of them . 
  which makes it not possible, 
  except greece ca n't do that , and most people do n't want to exit the eurozone, 
  exactly , that 's why they accepted this bad deal instead . 
  greece ca n't print more money without exiting the eurozone . 
  if they could , then they would have followed argentina 's footsteps, 
  technically , foxconn has a lower suicide rate than the rest of china , so you 're actually arguing that capitalism saves lives, 
  they printed more money , greece ca n't do that, 
  sure they can . 
  if they run out of money , ca n't print more , and ca n't borrow more , then they are bankrupt . 
  god bless america, 
  the bailout is basically an extension , it replaces short-term higher interest loans with longer-term lower interest loans . 
   debtors get really lenient and greece gets it 's economy in order debtors do n't trust greece to get its economy in order , it 's why the negotiations have been so difficult  greece defaults and cuts all diplomatic ties to west not possible . 
   i 'm surprised china has not played economic imperialism game already , like they do in middle east and africa . 
  they are making minor investments , but they are smart enough to realize that there is no money to be made by investing in greece . 
  many of the government assets they are privatizing are not profitable right now aka they are costing the greek government money that they do n't have . 
  in the hands of private management , they could turn a profit and deliver better service , while the greek government still has the power to regulate and tax them . 
   gives an extension on the old loan time . 
  they are doing this . 
  as well as giving greece generously low interest rates . 
  it does n't matter though , greece does n't want austerity and they wo n't be able to pay back any of the debt anyways, 
  supply and demand . 
  low number of doctors = doctors are well paid, 
  if they default , they will be locked out of the market for a number of years . 
  they need the third bailout to prevent default . 
  they are n't selling assets yet , they are using them as collateral to make sure they actually implement reforms , since they have no more collateral of any value . 
  they half-assed their reforms last time and eurozone want some way to make sure they do n't do that again . 
  did you read the eurogroup agreement ? 
  part of it was that greece should implement reforms that they promised back in 2012 , aka they still have n't done so . 
  yes , deep fried butter is a thing, 
  he was referring to emergency loan to greece , not the bailout . 
  it 's the measure that they would need the 85 % majority for . 
  for years , greece has relied on international loan markets to finance their unsustainable government spending and benefits . 
  that is literally all they know , and something they adamantly refuse to abandon . 
  how will returning to the market not benefit them ? 
  why is that the last straw and not syriza getting elected ? 
  that 's direct federal spending based on projects the federal government deems worthy . 
  a better example would be if the federal government perpetually bailed out detroit without demanding that it eventually balance its budget and fix its corruption . 
   we opted to invest mostly in saving the french and german banks , and others finnish banks were also exposed to greek debt . 
  not to the same extent , but they did n't pay as much as france or germany in the bailout either . 
   and few of the money went to greece operating costs ( ~ 10 % ) . 
  well they knew about this one . 
  greece had a lot of debt obligations , so any money sent to them would go towards those . 
  the reasoning being a ) we like our euro banking system intact and b ) greece is better off under bailout than under default . 
  since we ca n't see a timeline where euro banks fail and greece defaults , we do n't know if this is true . 
   our predictions , with which many disagreed some people disagreed and others agreed . 
  at the time , how would you know who is right , without the hindsight that you have today ? 
  also you do n't know that greece is worse off now than if they had never been bailed out . 
  you are just arguing possibilities and hypotheticals . 
  are you supporting perpetually bailing out greece ? 
  because those are the only two options , either prop them up or let them fail . 
  you ca n't go back in time to reverse decisions that you now know are wrong , and you ca n't go forward in time to check what actually happens . 
  you have to decide based off of what you currently know , uncertainties included . 
  5 years `` should greece have received third bailout ? '', 
  sure , you could call them incompetent . 
  the fact still remains that you are looking at it in hindsight , at the time nobody knew for certain how this would turn out , only that it was preferable to the alternative ( greek defaulting , banking system collapsing , euro losing all credibility ) . 
  sometimes you make predictions , and sometimes those predictions are wrong . 
  and sometimes , people disagree over which prediction is correct , and that means one of them will be right in the end . 
  plenty of people at the time , yes , but they could not predict the future 100 % , and at the time , finns were of the opposite belief that they would get their money back , or else they never would have agreed to the bailout . 
  and the money does help greece , just not directly . 
  it has forestalled a default for 6 years . 
  do you think the greeks would be better off living in a defaulted nation ? 
  a large number of countries were of the belief that the plan would work . 
  it was n't clear until a few years later that it was not working . 
  at the time , with the information that they had , the finns made the correct decision . 
  ... how do you pronounce that ? 
  is n't this what i said ? 
  they wanted to prevent banks from failing , and ultimately the euro as well . 
  i never said finland agreed to the bailouts because they wanted what was best for greece . 
  agreed . 
  greeks overwhelmingly want fiscal and monetary independence , and they ca n't have that within the eurozone, 
   fixit pls no more news acronyms . 
  newscronyms , if you will . 
  something like insider trading ? 
  was any of the information they had access to publicly available ?
