  no it 's not . 
  if you are the wrong race in a country that is filled with racists , then the chances of one of the racists actually harming you is much higher . 
  just like if you are an atheist in a country filled with muslims , the chances of one of the muslims actually harming you is higher . 
  but if enough muslims find out he 's an infidel , eventually one that does care will too . 
  and historically , that 's not very good for the infidel, 
  because muslims consider him an infidel ? 
  for them , christmas is kfc day . 
  no religion needed, 
  it is the general sentiment in sweden , that they can provide unlimited help with the power of love , logistics be damned, 
  people will not vote for engineers who make realistic statements because reality is boring and depressing, 
  relevant quote at 47:30 . 
  `` we are against calculating what we can do '' https://youtu.be/arjjmqdruui?t=2851, 
  where did they deport napoleon ? 
  that 's because the people of the us do not recognize decisions passed by any body other than their own government , whereas they recognize decisions passed by their government that they personally disagree with, 
  if france did n't like muslims , they would enact measures to limit the growth of their population, 
  you do n't need legal standing . 
  it 's not like these guys are getting arrested so what does it matter ? 
  all you need is for people to view it as legitimate and a way to enforce the rulings . 
  topkek , the delicious turkey snack !, 
  i hear the antarctica treaty is expiring soon . . / s, 
   it 's not like the soviets could come anymore tell that to ukraine/georgia . 
  if you do not have the funds to properly maintain your equipment , you are underfunded . 
  if you wish to simply spend less , then downsize , but you should be smart enough to have sufficient funding to maintain what you already have, 
  yes in a few years it may be different but we are talking about the current state ( or rather the state when smartman3000 's father made that comment ), 
  informal instruments influence the politicians in individual countries that actually do have power , while those people just ignore what the euro parliament says, 
  good thing the followers of one of those books have largely decided to ignore the ` kill infidels ' and ` do n't eat pork ' parts, 
  it 's pretty much a random sample of people at this point . 
  exactly . 
  macedonia and serbia are not in schengen and refugees/migrants flow through mostly unimpeded, 
  when was last time a party in sweden got sole majority ? 
   try to do job  get called racist  do n't do job  people complaining you do n't do your job i could see why they 'd want to quit, 
  are commieblocks common in polan ? 
  chinese do n't use reddit , they have baidu tieba . 
  most chinese on reddit are expats, 
  many of them are fleeing conscription . 
  they are not the kind of people that want to fight for their country . 
  but they are making logical , smart decisions . 
  they know if they keep refusing to be sent to poorer eu countries , eventually the richer ones will cave to their demands . 
  huh , have n't read it yet . 
  i liked that they talked to the one somali guy who came all those years ago and seems to be integrated fine . 
  also pointing out that finland might not have the capability to integrate the new wave of migrants . 
  it also puts the migrants lives in danger . . many of them are in debt to loan sharks and human traffickers , they are not registered , police are overworked as is . . 
  but of course , mentioning that your country has a finite limit to how much immigration it can handle is `` xenophobic '' , going after the traffickers directly is `` distracting from the real humanitarian crisis '' . 
  in addition to the various problems that countries have in policing the migrants themselves - it is hard to protect them from other migrants when their police forces are overextended as is . 
  but media will not report on these issues because they want to push the narratives that 100 % of the migrants are peaceful and grateful and will integrate fully with no issues whatsoever . 
  makes sense , bill gates is using his money in the most efficient way possible , targeting problems that affect lots of people that have inexpensive solutions like malaria and water treatment . 
  i believe the correct phrase in english is ` phantom pooper ', 
  to show that they are deviating from core teachings into local interpretations ? 
  not every label has to be bad . 
  i did not say they are dangerous . 
  but yes , like the amish , they take a radical interpretation of their religious rules . 
  they are going further than required in following their religious rules . 
  so that means it 'll only take a few hundred years of bloodshed before islam 's influence is similarly reduced ? 
  it 's only unassuming if everyone else wears the same thing so you blend in . 
  if you 're the only one wearing it around you , then you actually stand out instead of blending in . 
  yes . 
  the quran does not say to wear a burqa , it just says to dress modestly, 
  it is well within syria 's rights to shoot down any turkish planes within their airspace . 
  it 's just that the areas the turkish planes are flying over are controlled by isis who do not have anti-air capability, 
  but at some point , once they are safe , should they not choose where they want to stay long-term ? 
  and do they not take local culture into account when making that choice ? 
  some people take a few more times to learn a lesson, 
  because he 's objectively wrong . 
  terrorism is just a tactic , you do n't have to be a migrant to employ it . 
  it 's two things : hungary is so irrelevant that a terrorist attack there would n't draw enough headlines ( and therefore fewer new recruits , it 's a worse investment ) and the benefits there are rather low , so few potential terrorist recruits move there compared to france and belgium . 
  and most terrorists attack close to home . 
  fun fact , did you know that there are no protestants on the supreme court at all ? 
  all catholics and jews . 
  also not all white and anglo either . 
  control of religious sites is part of geopolitics though, 
  yeah , i 'm like , basques are n't migrants , they were literally here before the indo-europeans . 
  if anything else , everyone other than basques are migrants . 
   these are n't tourists looking for some new culture . 
   migrate to new country  not looking for new culture why, 
  the problem is that media will depict any attempt to enforce local laws on immigrants as racist , even if they are held to the same standard as natives . 
  they have to cross isis-controlled territory to reach saudi arabia . 
  but yes , saudi arabia has a much less generous asylum policy than most of europe, 
  they are forced by the housing shortage which existed even without refugees, 
  there are 150 different countries in the world that are peaceful . 
  not all of them have maxed out their ability to take refugees . 
  if they lose $ 60b in a year then they can last 10 years . 
  http://www.thenewamerican.com/economy/markets/item/21372-saudi-arabia-s-oil-reserves-dwindling-forcing-it-to-borrow they are at $ 672 billion . 
  however they are running a budget deficit so it will be difficult to see how long that will last . 
  they could always borrow against the future value of their oil reserves as well, 
  they have cash reserves . 
  they can survive longer on their cash reserves than the rest of the world can survive on their oil reserves . 
  non-syrians are more likely to apply for asylum in germany than in austria , even though their acceptance rate is lower . 
  i think it has to do with the amount of benefits they get during the asylum-seeking process ( before they get accepted ) . 
  yes , you have to let them inside to begin the asylum seeking process . 
  however , you do n't have to give them full benefits until their asylum gets approved . 
  they do n't register for asylum in italy , they want to go to uk or sweden, 
  a lot of them are in poland or russia . 
  less intense conflict too . 
  but in actuality french police probably have better working conditions than eastern european police . 
  no 10 hour overnight shifts inside a freezing surveillance van for example , probably split that up into one hours shifts for 10 people . 
  that 's what happens when you have a 35 hour work week . 
  it is truth though , the government has borrowed a good deal of money setting up their extensive safety net and economy , but they need economic growth ( and population growth ) to pay back those loans . 
  otherwise you end up like japan , on the surface you are a very stable country , but you are faced with ever-increasing debt ( albeit at more manageable interest rates ) . 
  fiscal transfers can not exist without strict regulations on how that money is spent . 
  the us federal government does n't just send states money to spend as they wish , they attached very specific strings to that money and in many cases simply spend it themselves .
