  yes i mean people who are fleeing political persecution and stuff like that . 
  you ca n't automatically decline everyone from , say , kenya , because there might be legitimate asylum seekers even though the country is n't in a state of war, 
       only refugees from a short list of countries can apply for asylum , all others are rejected ( and naturally sent back ) . 
  the thing is that there are reasons other than warfare for people to apply for asylum, 
  bigger on the inside ? 
  yes but the refugees would rather be unemployed in malmo or stockholm than in the middle of nowhere, 
  some do , there are just a whole ton of migrants and not enough infrastructure to help all of them . 
  no , everything period comes from the us . 
  our economy is that big and diverse, 
  i agree that the eu , or at least schengen , needs a unified immigration policy . 
  that does n't change the fact that there is no war in greece , fyrom , or serbia . 
  anyone leaving those countries for richer eu countries should be treated exactly the same as normal ( non-eu passport holding ) immigrants . 
  either that , or greece/italy/malta / spain can give them schengen visas and let them apply for permanent asylum elsewhere . 
  the current chaos does not help anyone and is quite possibly the worst possible outcome . 
  people too often forget this . . 
  calling an entire group nazis just because you disagree with them is somewhat ingenuine, 
  and greece , and fyrom , and serbia ? 
  there are wars in those countries too ? 
  unionized companies must be allowed to fail when both sides fail to compromise . . otherwise there is no incentive for either side to compromise, 
  they can take boats across strait of gibraltar, 
  pretty much, 
  adviser to swedish pm i believe, 
  i guess this is what happens when you refuse to ' [ calculate what you can do ] ( https://i.imgur.com/a6lsxhv.jpg ) ' . 
  it can be used by people incapable of bicycling or people who do n't own a bicycle . 
  yeah i do n't see that happening either, 
  i did not say they were being left to fend for themselves , i said that their countries were being trampled . 
  as in highways/rail lines closed , borders closed , fields trampled , etc. 
  it is a result of infrastructure strain , i do n't think migrants are deliberately trying to screw over poor people in hungary/croatia/etc, 
  if you are walking from turkey to germany , you have to make several illegal border crossings . 
  why ca n't you deport them to france ? 
  you have video proof of them illegally entering from france, 
  well the last one is accurate . 
  they do apply for asylum . 
  that and donut places are one of the few places to get food + coffee late at night, 
   feminist  bans women from a specific job, 
  i know, 
  i was n't being serious, 
  they still have to follow regulations for private cars for hire , like limousines . 
  the thing is that uberpop drivers are not professionals in the strictest sense of the term , so it is harder to regulate them, 
  pocket cops !, 
  well there were . 
  john rabe for example, 
  in case one of the danish representatives said something that might be illegal in sweden, 
  just wait until we develop ` stealth cops ' !, 
  `` only hungarians can be nazis . 
  after all , hitler was from hungary , right ? '', 
  nigerians are n't refugees though . 
  most of them come on student visas or h1bs , so they are more educated than average nigerian/american, 
  the old stuff is only there because all the non earthquake resistant old buildings collapsed, 
  uhhh why ? 
  it is fine if their culture is different so long as it is tolerant . 
  the problem is when you import an intolerant culture , since they will overpower the tolerant ones . 
  or if you import two cultures that ca n't tolerate each other ( see kurd/turkish or serbian/croatian diaspora ) . 
  they ca n't write off the debts , they are denominated in euros . 
  the people that are owed money are expecting to be paid back in euros that the greek government does not have . 
  they would end up freezing themselves out of the international debt marking for basically forever . 
  ca n't get blood from a stone, 
  do n't the communists refuse to participate ? 
  so still vegetarian , just not for moral reasons . 
  fair enough, 
  it was an attempted genocide . 
  was n't successful though . 
  how so ? 
  and not all of your ancestors are dead . . ? 
  not just parents , all your ancestors combined . 
  also , just because you are pretentious does not mean you are wrong . 
  sometimes you are more important . 
  because it presumes that you are so important that you get to start your own name lineage rather than inherit one of your parents ' . 
  ryanair is a thing, 
  that sounds like something a tax evader would say . . 
  they sell toastable kit kats, 
  it is neither good nor bad . 
  i am simply saying that migrants are younger as a demographic than europe is . 
  how does that demographic compare to the existing demographics of europe ? 
  if huge majority of migrants are adults , but huger majority of europeans are adults , then the migrants would still skew the european demographics to be younger, 
  many of the migrants are kids or will have kids . 
  can always borrow some broomsticks from germany, 
    what the hell is so difficult about it ? 
  if all of them get to the uk , then france does n't have to do anything and they become the uk 's problem . 
  it still technically does n't thanks to pitcairn, 
  you think the police will do anything ? 
  they are risking their lives because the reward is worth the risk . 
  take away the reward and they will have no incentive to take the risk in the first place . 
  they are not stupid . 
  god bless capitalism, 
  there are multiple different styles of american pizza . 
  even our chains offer multiple types of crust, 
  this can be solved with thinner crusts, 
  cream overpowers the egg/pancetta flavors . 
  their sizes are smaller - a m in china would be a s in the us . 
  but yes , it 's more catered towards small people . 
  next time you go to china , go shopping for clothes there . 
  soooo much cheaper, 
  it 's not child labor because 14 year olds are n't children in myanmar . 
  source ?? 
  they should at least have a demonym, 
  you do n't even have to know from personal experience , look at ukraine . 
  who has fought for them ? 
  it is clear that if you are incapable of defending your own country , that no other country will step in, 
   who teached him how to drive it 's germany , driving sim games are like their most popular genre,
