  that is judging people on an individual basis and europe is still failing at that, 
  because they 'll leave and go to germany ? 
   ca n't seem to get the frontex support they need . 
  that 's because frontex is useless, 
  there is no solution that is not catastrophic for the greek people . 
  if their government does n't show that they are able to borrow responsibly , then they will remain locked out of the international credit market . 
  if the government ca n't run a surplus and ca n't borrow , then they 're forced into an even deeper spiral of austerity . 
  i 'm not saying they are n't sociopaths . 
  i 'm just explaining why they are n't respecting the firemen, 
  but you see , these people do n't respect the building , and they see the firemen as trying to protect the building, 
  europeans do n't have force projection . . they have no choice but to negotiate with terrorists . 
  they do n't have jobs , welfare , family reunification , etc. 
  no reason for people to go there . 
  ** especially ** in / r/europe !, 
  to take off the pig hat, 
  but cute !, 
  why did they ban plushy hat ? 
  it 's cute :(, 
  if they ignore the problem long enough , they 'll either make it into britain or give up and go to some other place . 
  there 's no incentive for them to do anything, 
  i 'm saying that human legal terms do n't apply to animals , because if they did , it would be absurd, 
  you could easily argue that meat is not a necessity and that people eat meat for personal pleasure, 
  but we already traumatize animals legally . 
  what is the difference here ? 
  right . 
  so you have to consider if sex will always fall under abuse and injury . 
  but we do lots of things to animals that have a definite detrimental impact on them . 
  the logic is completely different . 
  children have human rights . 
  animals do n't . 
  we only ban excessive cruelty where more humane other options exist . 
  and i imagine there should be penalties for having sex with animals that do n't belong to you, 
  could n't you argue that there should be regulations to ensure that any sex with animals is as humane as possible ? 
  animals ca n't consent to being killed either . 
  is that murder ? 
  nice try , scotland police department, 
  well according to the article , they have at least 4 doctors working in the country, 
  men are allowed to be plumbers . 
  this does n't mean that people treat random men on the street like they are plumbers . 
  would n't a better feminist approach be to crack down on harassment instead of banning prostitution ? 
   there seems to be very strong evidence of a media campaign , organised or not , to disinform and spread uncertainty about refugee crime in germany . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12130843/eu-leaders-no-link-between-cologne-sex-attacks-and-migrant-crisis.html they did the same thing after the paris attacks too , before it came to light that some of the attackers came through greece with the other migrants . 
  not if they lie, 
  shhhhhh do n't give them ideas, 
  turkey sent a bunch of troops to fight in the korean war, 
  yes , their economy would be pretty much 100 % dependent on foreign trade . 
  it would n't be the richest country , it 'd be the country with the highest average wages . 
  depression ? 
  the court saw this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te, 
  `` nato is just a social construct . '', 
  - russia , probably, 
  exchange rate issues . 
  i disapprove of those measures too . 
  better than literally funding terrorism, 
  us does n't pay ransoms, 
  no , which is why they tried to demolish it and move them into temporary container housing, 
  and if your government undertook some policy that caused your neighborhood to become a ghetto , you 'd be pretty mad at them , right ? 
  the anti-migrant protest did n't have a permit, 
  europeans keep laughing at how excessive the us 's force projection is , but then their citizens get kidnapped and all they can do is twiddle their thumbs and hope for a ransom note . 
  questioning their ages is considered racist, 
  do you know something that i do n't ? 
  last i checked , this was what we had learned about the attackers : http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2015/11/what-we-know-about-the-paris-attackers.html so some of them never went to syria , 2 of them had passports registered in greek checkpoints ( one of whom matched fingerprints ) , others suspected of taking the migrant route back , and others unknown . 
  some of the local citizens had gone to syria and had their passports blacklisted . 
  how do you think they got back ? 
  there are still people who refuse to believe that the paris attackers came along the refugee route despite one of them having been fingerprinted in greece . 
  why should germany accept paperless migrants from austria ? 
  so what you are saying is that the pakistanis are smart enough to not accept random paperless migrants based on tenuous claims ? 
   fuck no - i am migrant , and i do n't wan na stay in serbia on my way for money is there a migrant is there a migrant flair ? 
  only something like 20 % of their transport planes are in working condition . 
  japan also has a ton of debt . 
  without economic growth they will not be able to get that debt under control, 
  all hail sibyll, 
  how is that different from a citizen who wants to fish but needs to pay an additional fee to do so ? 
  after all , his normal taxes already help pay for the fishing and wildlife department . 
  are you just against use-fees in general ? 
  you could say the same about fishing licenses . 
  immigrants pay taxes to get into the country ? 
  the intra-schengen ones ? 
  do n't you need to be a citizen of the schengen area ( or have a schengen visa ) to have free movement within the area ? 
  in that case , should n't people who use immigration services should pay the immigration fee ? 
  even hypocrites can be correct though . 
  just because he is a hypocrite is not sufficient to prove he is wrong, 
  he has n't spent the most on his campaign . 
  he 's only doing so well because the media gives him free attention for his antics, 
  well to be fair , some of them are fleeing from violence and war . 
  it 's just that the people they 're fleeing from are in europe too, 
  / r/bestofnicetry, 
  they keep flying f16 's into each other 's airspace . 
  i think one of them got shot down a few years ago, 
  ask the native americans . . 
  what meme are they going to switch to now that he 's gone ? 
  they 're actually developing tactical broomsticks . 
  next-generation warfare . 
  were n't they also banned from the tv debates ? 
  there are lawful ways to remove immigrants . 
  in fact , there are even lawful ways to forcibly remove immigrants . 
  calling for people to support such measures should not be illegal . 
  seriously , how is isis not viewed as bad as the nazis ? 
  at the very least , there is no contemporary nazi movement that has any power , whereas isis has shown the ability to carry out coordinated attacks on european soil . 
  not to mention that waving the isis flag is just as disrespectful to those in europe who fled isis as waving a nazi flag is to jews/other victims of nazism,
