  but do you drink it properly ? 
  they believe in strict gender roles . 
  you are allowed to switch genders but not to break the rules of your own gender, 
  but the federal government has a lot more power in telling those states how to spend their federal dollars than the eu does, 
  ask lebanon, 
  makes sense . 
  but i 'm just wondering why they did n't include ukraine as light red too , since they are also in a war and have lots of migrants that brits are racist against, 
  are brits not racist against eastern euros ? 
  except many important decisions are n't made in the eu parliament . 
  for example , the greece crisis . 
  a whole bunch of countries were against bailing out greece again , but the eu apparatus lets their leaders claim `` oh we tried our best but big bad eu bullied us into accepting the bailout '' , despite the fact that the leaders were the ones who negotiated the terms of the bailout in the first place, 
  they skimped on tsunami protection in a tsunami zone . 
  that would be the equivalent of a swedish power plant skimping on blizzard protection, 
  do they have a choice ? 
  we have primaries . 
  and it is n't as seemingly impossible for outsiders to mount challenges ( see tea party , trump , etc ), 
  so your system is just 100 % corrupt for all of time then ? 
  get one of your non corrupt friends to run for office and help him/her navigate all the way up to whip themselves . 
  vote in the primaries . 
  or run for office yourself . 
  if you have such a problem with what they are doing then vote to make it illegal . 
  you are in some form of representative government , the law reflects the viewpoint of the plurality of voters . 
  if you do n't like the results , then change people 's minds or leave . 
  it 's neither wrong nor right . 
  it 's the governments job to determine what is legal and the citizens ' job to determine what is moral . 
  did australia threaten to invade nauru ? 
  `` asian '' in the uk refers specifically to south asia ( india , pakistan , bangladesh , nepal , bhutan ) . 
  muslim would actually be less specific, 
  but religion is definitely a group characteristic . 
  and since hatred of group characteristics will be banned , then hatred of any popular ideology will be banned too . 
  religion is not an inherited group characteristic . 
  it is a belief system and it is astonishing that the eu wants to make hatred of a belief system illegal . 
  so what are hate speech laws for ? 
  what good do they serve ? 
  what end do they achieve ? 
  what part of what i said was inaccurate ? 
  edit : i see what you mean when you said this was only a private initiative and not a full fledged law . 
  that was my bad . 
  nevertheless this sets a terrible precedent and you can expect further limitations on freedom of speech also i get my news from / r/europe so we should be getting the same news, 
  they have n't been jailed . 
  they 've been detained or warned by police but let go because they were n't breaking any law . 
  it 's obvious that if this hate speech legislation passes that they will be the ones jailed , and not the people who are currently making death threats with impunity . 
   it 's definitely illegal . 
  and yet people still openly make death threats against right wing people with no police response . 
  while the police is busy cracking down on speech that is n't currently illegal . 
   people walked around with merkel puppets hanging from a gallows at a pegida rally in germany and did n't get arrested . 
  chemtrail crazies do n't get arrested . 
  a prominent turkish-german author implied the german government would put native germans into concentration camps but could n't since they were gone . 
  not arrested . 
  i know they are n't arrested right now . 
  my point is that the police obviously want to arrest them , which is why they 're forcing through this new law . 
  it 's measured by liters of alcohol , not liters of whatever they drink . 
  so a liter of 40 % abv vodka would only count as .4 liters of pure alcohol, 
  how did that happen ? 
  did n't you guys invent vodka ? 
    `` well that makes you a fucking nazi and everyone like you should be shot '' is not hate speech   actually that is hate speech in germany . 
  it 's an open call for violence , definitely illegal . 
  then how is antifa still allowed to operate ? 
  how many people who have made the second comment have been arrested ? 
  meanwhile , you can already get arrested for wearing a pig hat , or tweeting a factual observation ( that schoolchildren are cheering for terrorists ), 
  they may have been slaveowners but they were also columnists , and satirists , and cartoonists . 
  they watched their friends get hauled into british courts because colonial officials were too uptight and got offended too easily . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right, 
  we did n't have many asylum or welfare laws before ww2, 
  lifeway brand is pretty popular and has a national distribution chain . 
  any whole foods should have them . 
  my mom and i love it !, 
  we just use the german term , \u00fcbermensch, 
  i want to !, 
  chopin is the highest end polish vodka that we get in the us . 
  but it 's distilled from russian winter wheat . 
  just bottled in latvia . 
  the context is that americans do n't recognize the concept of `` central europe '' , which is where most poles will say poland is located, 
  the most popular russian vodkas are made with winter wheat and assorted grains ( stolichnaya , russian standard ) . 
  the most popular polish vodkas are either made with rye ( sobieski , wodka , zubrowka ) , or potato ( lukosowa , monopolowa , chopin ), 
  poland is eastern europe, 
   polish vodka is made from potatoes . 
  is it not ? 
  greek navy is part of nato, 
  they already agreed to not restrict trade in this sector . 
  they are free to back out of that agreement but it 's unfair for them to benefit from it while banning american agricultural exports on shaky scientific grounds . 
  there are many types of trade restrictions that they are not allowed to implement under wto rules . 
  if they do n't like those rules , they should leave the wto , but it 's unfair for them to expect other countries to allow eu exports while banning those countries ' exports under scientifically shaky ground . 
  even our wages for our illegals are higher than many eu countries . 
  how is it that we are still producing more food cheaper than them ? 
  maybe we really are just more efficient . 
  america can produce many foods for far cheaper than europe can . 
  the eu wants to protect their agricultural sector so they need an excuse to keep american competitors out . 
  i find this interesting because the eu has been banning all gmo imports using the safety excuse when really they are just trying to protect their farmers from more efficient american companies, 
  it honestly does n't matter if their current debt gets forgiven or not . 
  their economy and taxation system is fundamentally unsound and they are locked out of the international credit market as a result . 
  depends . 
  what is afd 's stance on mental health ? 
  nah that was a cop . 
  texas cops do n't mess around . 
  a banking system is built on trust . 
  why would consumers trust the new bank if the old ones , with the same government protections , still failed ? 
  this is what happens when an entire banking system collapses , which is why countries try really hard to avoid this . 
  that 's what people said about the `` invest in eastern polan '' ad campaign but that seemed to have worked, 
  you are correct that the initial funding comes from shareholders , but nobody would be able to open accounts if all their money is stuck in their old bank,
