  if everyone knew the true state of the greek gov , they should have bet on greece defaulting too, 
  people read about serial killers and airplane crashes , it 's not like i 'm taking joy in people 's misery , it 's just very entertaining how politics and economics work in europe . 
  they signed up for this in the first place because it seemed like a good idea at the time - prevent banks from failing and eventually get money back after greece implements reforms . 
  then they realized that they were n't going to get their money back now or maybe ever . 
  a grexit might have negative effects for the eu , but so does leaving them in the eurozone in a state of perpetual debt and half-baked reforms . 
  agreed . 
  however , when you run out of foreign currency reserves . . some things you can eventually switch to domestic production , energy is generally an exception . 
  even renewable energy tech is generally made by us , china , or germany . 
  it does n't matter if greece gets debt relief , nobody trusts them to run a surplus , which means even after debt relief , finland will still end up subsidizing them . 
  they are just being realistic and want to cut their losses with a grexit and possible default instead of perpetually supporting greece with their tax money . 
  when your country 's gdp is based so heavily on government spending , any cuts in government spending will lead to recession . 
  until greece restructures their economy and strengthens their private sector , this will not change . 
  eurogroup meeting over !, 
  waiting for dijsselbloem press conference . 
  will resume at 1100 cedt . 
  but the european ministers like their jobs , voting for another bailout threatens their job security . 
  the pro grexit countries do n't want their currents debt , they want to cut off greece from further bailouts so they can stop wasting their money . 
  they also do n't want italy , spain , portugal to follow in greece 's footsteps . 
  https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/tdhcw4tpad/europeanresults_july_greece_final_w.pdf 45 percent of finns prefer a grexit , compared to 30 percent wanted greece to remain in eurzone and 20 percent undecided . 
  please it 's not like i 'm the only one . 
  this greek crisis has gotten a lot of people interested in politics . 
  i never knew there was so much drama involved, 
  the guardian live ticker has been my primary source of entertainment for the past week . 
  merkel has to bow to international pressure to keep greece within the eurozone , esp from france and the us . 
  schauble only cares about the fiscal side of things , where greece remaining within the eurozone would be costly to germany and unacceptable to its voters . 
  he could be jockeying for leadership of cdu by taking the popular stance domestically . 
  if you recall , merkel was just as hardline as schauble at the beginning of this before obama called her to advise against a grexit . 
  but there are things that they ca n't produce domestically like energy , heavy equipment , etc. 
  yes . 
  i think what happened is schauble got wind of merkel possibly capitulating to greece and leaked this to pressure her to reconsider . 
  greek bailout is very unpopular in germany and within merkel 's own party , by leaking this he may force merkel to publicly comment either in favor of bailout ( which may lead to party/german parliament revolt ) or in favor of grexit ( which will embolden other countries to come out in favor of grexit ) . 
  a default combined with a grexit should be preferable to both sides . 
  eurozone countries stop subsidizing an unprofitable greece , and greece gets financial independence will full control of its fiscal and monetary policies . 
  livestream of eurogroup meeting of financial ministers ( does n't show deliberations , only doorstep interviews ) http://ec.europa.eu/avservices/ebs/live.cfm?page=1, 
   a glimpse of hope the hope was never real . 
  greece should have realized this and either commit fully to austerity or a grexit . 
  because in the short term , a grexit would be more painful than asking for another bailout . 
   realists has greece shown a strong grasp of reality over the years ? 
  typical tsipras : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjgvmk1uaaa1inn.jpg:large, 
  here is the version the greek parliament will be voting on : http://www.hellenicparliament.gr/userfiles/c8827c35-4399-4fbb-8ea6-aebdc768f4f7/9292390.pdf, 
   all they care about is what the electorate in their countries believe to be fair . 
  ez countries are democracies , of course this is what they care about, 
  they 're are n't collapsing the greek banks intentionally , the greek banks are too unstable to extend lines of credit too , especially since a lot of their collateral is in greek government bonds that may be worthless . 
  the sunday deadline is for greece 's sake , they need to figure out something quick otherwise their banks run out of money . 
  would they be able to post a surplus if cut off from eurozone + bailout money ? 
  in the us generally only the people who make speeches get replaced by the winning party , the rest of the positions generally stay untouched, 
  poverty line is set by statistical agency based on a number of factors , but it is definitely arbitrary , there is no standard definition of poverty line agreed upon across different statistical agencies . 
  maybe you should do cross-checking instead of judging dismissing possibly valid information on the basis that you disagree politically with the source . 
  their initial proposition, 
  those are the consequences , it means that the eu got what it wanted , which is to make an example of greece so other countries see what a bad idea overborrowing is . 
  it would encourage other countries to go into unsustainable debt , knowing that there are no consequences . 
  maybe they only see finnish people use english over the internet . 
  we already have drive through banking , why not drive through print shops ? 
  many office workers use their printer more than four times a day, 
  he does n't suggest anything that would lower the cost of tuition . 
  only for government to help cover some of it . 
  the actual cost will still be high . 
  depends on the city . 
  some cities have agreements to allow uber to operate , some do n't . 
  syriza calls themselves far left . 
  in reality they are just normal left . 
  polan invests in you !, 
  it 's still a partial tax haven . 
  it 's not like luxembourg and those other places have 0 % tax either . 
  so can state taxes . 
  you can avoid state level taxes but not federal level taxes by using delaware as a tax haven . 
  if you want to avoid federal level taxes then you 'll have to go overseas, 
  we celebrated the moon landings while werner von braun was alive, 
  but we still celebrate our space program despite the fact that it was built off of nazi work . 
  why ca n't we celebrate polanski 's films while condemning him as a person ? 
  it would be unfair bullying but not impossible by any means . 
  europe got turkey to comply somehow . 
  it 's not out of the question for them to do something similar with north africa . 
  i believe we are discussing forcing other countries to take them in . 
  many countries have low cost of living so it 'd be much cheaper to pay them to accept and hold the migrants instead of paying for them to live in europe . 
  that 's why i specified the economic migrants . 
  of course people fleeing war will be willing to stay somewhere with no war . 
  yeah but ` middle class ' in norway is a higher standard of living than middle class in finland . 
  what seems middle class to you would be upper class in many other countries . 
  they are n't going to stay in algeria , egypt , lebanon . 
  at least the economic migrants are n't . 
  they are n't stupid . 
  if the expected cost of getting to europe is higher than the expected return , then they wo n't go . 
  because europeans are shocked by the fact that people are dying somewhere and then vote for open borders ? 
  norway is one of the richest countries in the world . 
  owning two cars in a country where cars are expensive ? 
  it 's a ckii reference, 
  czechia has usurped the titular title of slovakia . 
  czechia has formed czechoslovakia !, 
  the strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must . 
  stagflation is acceptable if wages remain high and cost of living remains low . 
  as is the case in germany . 
  not trade balance but remittances . 
  which are transfer payments . 
  workaholics you get paid extra for overtime hours so maybe some people would rather have the extra money than the extra time, 
  do germans not like to take overtime ? 
  is there a culture of ` just work for exactly the amount of time specified then go home ' ? 
  to be fair the us uses commercial airlines to fly their troops places too . 
  it 's a valid form of transportation, 
  til,
