  it was bought by the italian state railroad company , which itself is being privatized in an ipo , which goldman sachs can profit from by underwriting, 
  messi is profitable . 
  train companies not necessarily so . 
  in fact , the greek railroad company was incredibly unprofitable . 
   the german faso even built an entire ~ ~ hotel ~ ~ pre-emptive victory monument for the occasion . 
  many of the refugee camps are in turkey and/or run by the turkish government , which then leads us back to giving turkey money, 
  in the us , it is not uncommon for retired people to go back to work . 
  the employers do n't check hard enough to catch it . 
  they steal dead or retired peoples identities . 
  from the government 's perspective , those people decided to randomly go back to work and start paying taxes . 
  it 's slightly suspicious but the system does n't catch it all the time, 
  unlucky sure . 
  but how many other countries went into debt crisis in 2009 ? 
  at some point you can no longer solely blame bad luck and have to start looking at your own decisions . 
  french guiana ? 
  did n't help aylan kurdi, 
  agreed-but greek voters do n't have the ability to change that . 
  how did the saying go again ? 
  `` grant me the power to change what i can change , the grace to accept what i can not , and the wisdom to know the difference '', 
  they should have adjusted their voting habits to account for ecb policy . 
  they did n't . 
  instead of demanding their politicians spend responsibly and work around the ecb , they demanded their politicians increase deficit spending, 
  good thing our fed did n't do that then , because if they did , our way of life would be unsustainable, 
  it 's 15 years later and people 's opinions have changed . 
  some nato members might not defend other nato members . 
  go ask an average german if he 's willing to go to war over an ally . 
  http://carnegieeurope.eu/strategiceurope/?fa=60389 http://www.stripes.com/news/europe/poll-willingness-to-defend-allies-from-attack-low-in-some-nato-states-1.351606, 
  the market predicts that greece will not recover . 
  of course they could be wrong because nobody can predict the future perfectly , but there is more evidence that they will not recover than that they will . 
  germany 's debts were not forgiven until a few years after the war . 
  i predict that a few years from now , greece 's debt will also be forgiven , at least partially . 
  obamacare is n't public insurance though , it 's a requirement to carry private insurance . 
  deficit spending drives growth , how are you magically going to regrow the greek economy without deficit spending and also managing to avoid all financial crises ? 
  even after accounting for income distribution the us has a better quality of life than iceland , that 's why i used inequality-adjusted hdi instead of regular hdi . 
  your economy is not as fundamentally sound as iceland 's was . 
  the one time stimulus from those funds would not boost your economy as much as it did iceland 's . 
  most people believe it is unlikely that greece will repay its current debts and also grow their economy simultaneously . 
  most do n't believe it can do either , let alone both . 
  this is why people are so unwilling to lend money to them because of the uncertainty that they will get paid back . 
  criteria for debt forgiveness is if the people you owe money to like you and trust your economy to recover . 
  nobody trusts the greek economy to recover right now , so debt forgiveness would be pointless . 
  they also pissed off a lot of people during the last bailout process . 
   i 'm saying that i 'd have a balanced budget and increased revenue on my own terms . 
  historically , this is not something that greece has been able to achieve . 
  and how is this not austerity ? 
  almost no country in the world runs a balanced budget . 
   their people live well , much better than they would have , much better than the average yank . 
  at the end of the day , that 's all that matters . 
  there are no metrics where iceland has a better quality of life than the us . 
  median income , gdp per capita ppp , nor inequality-adjusted hdi . 
  iceland was n't in as big a hole as greece is now , which is why they were able to escape . 
  they also seized foreign funds to do so , which is something you can only pull off once , and only if you have foreign funds to seize . 
  the point is that you can not expect debt forgiveness because you are not in the same situation as postwar germany, 
  did i say that ? 
  i 'm saying that you ca n't compare greece to postwar germany because you are n't postwar yourself . 
  you do n't care about borrowing money ? 
  so you want to run a total government surplus from now until the end of time , while also magically dodging all recessions ? 
  you are saying that you 'd rather have permanent austerity . 
  greece is not iceland . 
  iceland never had more than a 5 % deficit before the financial crisis . 
  they had foreign currency reserves and an otherwise functional economy and tax collection system that allowed them to recover faster by seizing the foreign currency ( letting the foreign bank accounts fail and using that money to recapitalize domestic accounts ) . 
  injecting a quick shot of money into a functional economy will turn it around during a recession . 
  but greece does not have a functional economy , which is why throwing money at the problem does not fix anything , as the last few bailouts ( and decades of deficit spending previous to that ) have shown . 
  it is too soon to make that call . 
  the point of austerity is to allow the country to borrow money at reasonable rates again , greece is still far from that point, 
  primary surplus is a surplus in the primary govt . 
  budget which excludes some things . 
  overall budget is still in the red, 
  if they had n't fought that war they would n't have gone into debt to begin with . 
  greece managed to default without fighting a war at all, 
  it 's more functional in that it can collect more tax revenue . 
  is this not true ? 
  yes , businesses are closing . 
  the greek economy has not improved . 
  austerity is not meant to improve economies . 
  it is meant to allow you to borrow money again in the future . 
  do you think that greece will never need to borrow money again in the future ? 
  that 's why i said generally . 
  i understand there are exceptions, 
  germany was also occupied and not fully sovereign . 
  but if you want eurogroup to occupy and restructure your country , i 'm sure they would be more than willing to, 
  it 's helping long term , you are building trust and a more functional tax collection system . 
  are you arguing that those things are not important for a country to have ? 
  yes , implementing new taxes tends to increase tax revenue . 
  i imagine that is why they implemented them in the first place, 
  they are n't using the $ 2.5 billion to pay back people early , only to pay them back at all . 
  this is important because it allows them to borrow in the future when they actually need it ( since people are actually going to trust them now ) . 
  also :  the state budget only takes into account central government operations and does n't include general government accounts , which comprise local government , and a portion of military spending in addition to some social-welfare expenditure . 
  their net budget for the first half of year showed a deficit of ~ 1bln euro . 
  so no , they do n't actually have money available to spend on stuff, 
  if they do n't pay back the people they owe money to now , nobody will ever loan them money in the future without exorbitant interest rates , which will cripple them even worse the next time a financial crisis hits, 
  their standard of living was not commensurate with their actual economic output . 
  aka it was supported by borrowing rather than productivity the fact that their government went into a debt crisis is undeniable proof that their way of life was unsustainable, 
  ah yes , i remember that headline : `` i kicked burning terrorist in balls so hard , i tore a tendon ! '', 
  they do n't have to . 
  foreigners are willing to endure lower living standards than locals . 
  they just set the pay for the jobs below what the locals will accept and then only foreigners will apply, 
  to be fair , that 's what the people who voted him into that job want him to do, 
  they get what they can negotiate . 
  how is it wrong for the us to protect their intellectual property that they spent money developing ?
