  except it should n't have been . 
  the greek gdp growth , as well as most of the other countries ' , was fueled by deficit spending . 
  greece just happened to spend more which put them in a worse position when the crisis hit . 
  actually devaluation hurts mostly those with fixed-value denominated assets and benefits those with fixed-value denominated debts, 
  it 's not . 
  well i mean , money is fungible , it all goes into the general pot . 
  but the amount of the bailout is calculated so that it 's just enough to pay off previous debts, 
  it 's just worse than what greeks are used to, 
  their tax income pays for their government expenditures . 
  the loans generally pay for previous debts + newly incurred debts due to budget deficits . 
  that is true . 
  but the point of keeping them open was so that greek depositors could keep withdrawing their money . 
  well i mean the debt would have gone back to those institutions anyways so it 's not like the greek people would have seen any of that money . 
  that was just an accounting move to try and make greece 's debt more sustainable, 
  uh i 'm well aware of what started the whole mess . 
  but are you really saying that your government has the financial acumen and foresight of a poor american buying a home ? 
  bank recapitalization is a different issue than the bailout anyways , ez was trying to forestall a bank run by keeping the greek banks solvent for as long as possible ( until people regained trust in them ) . 
  it just turned out that a ) that took longer than expected and b ) greek banks offered greek govt bonds as collateral , which only works if the greek govt does n't default . 
  and yet , we have yet to achieve as much as isis !, 
  what are we doing wrong !, 
  well i mean it 's technically true , if people were n't withdrawing so many bills , the banks would n't need recapitalization . 
  which means the recapitalization is directly funding people 's withdrawals, 
  well he is an mp . 
  it 's not really federalized if greece still owes the ez money, 
   this is how liberty dies . . not with a bang , but with a whimper, 
  which is why terrorism works . 
  just because they have a lot of money does not mean they want to waste money . 
  they also have to act as the de facto government in the area they control , as well as fighting a multifront war , which can be very expensive . 
  cheaper ? 
  once they are in hungary , they try to get to other schengen countries, 
  efsm . 
  eu-wide emergency fund . 
   the punic wars * ~ ~ carthago ~ ~ graecia delenda est * !, 
  apparently the vat is already starting to roll out . . dunno about the other reforms , but they should n't be that noticeable other than the pensions . 
  the imf report also did mention that the greeks did not implement the plans enthusiastically enough, 
  that 's not what federalized means . 
  for example , after the american revolutionary war , the new federal government federalized all the states ' war debts . 
  aka they assumed the debts in the states ' names so the same people still own the bonds , but they get paid from the federal government instead of the states . 
  what eurozone did was they bought out the bonds from the original holders at a discount ( because greece was presumed to default soon ) and now the eurozone holds the bonds that greece has to pay . 
  `` washing machines are misogynist !, 
  how dare you show such a symbol of male oppression on tv ! '', 
  the bills themselves are posted on the greek parliament website : http://www.hellenicparliament.gr/userfiles/c8827c35-4399-4fbb-8ea6-aebdc768f4f7/9294867.pdf, 
  those two were in the bill , just not the bbc article, 
   did greece ever give reasons to think they are not gon na apply the reforms ? 
  uhhhhh the referendum ? 
  to be fair i just hit random keys on my keyboard . 
  fun fact , the nobel prize in economics was not established by alfred nobel , but by the swedish central bank 73 years after nobel 's death . 
  the correct pronunciation is ` ruhgruhmehfjluuuhh '' right ? 
   culturally you are closer to countries associated with the east block than to those of the west really ? 
  i would have thought they were closer culturally to countries like czech republic , slovakia, 
  is estonia 's population even big enough to have 4 8th graders ? 
  and more eurovision contestants !, 
  i never said the eurozone was good at their job, 
  i never said they had to go about it the same way . 
  only that the eurozone is not particularly concerned with growing greece 's economy , only with protecting the euro . 
  it is the job of the eu as a whole to grow economies . 
  because they are still at risk of default, 
  that 's not the eurozone 's job , the eu has programs for direct investment . 
  the eurozone 's only job is to stabilize the euro , and it does this by preventing a greek default and bringing it back onto the international credit market . 
  why should foreign governments invest money in greece where there 's no guarantee the government will use the money wisely when they could invest in their own countries where they can fully control how the money is used ? 
  first of all , bulgaria is greece 's biggest neighbor and they are in the eu . 
  second of all , greece has a lot more tourism than macedonia , bulgaria , or albania , and has better shipping industry too . 
  those two things basically account for the difference in gdp . 
  that too . 
  the eu does n't really have any way of actually doing anything . 
  how much money it will take to make the banks solvent again, 
  i 'm not suggesting anything . 
  i 'm saying that the greeks should build their economy in the future to be more resilient . 
  in the us , cities issue their own bonds so they can default , which a few have . 
  not every european country went to the brink of default . 
  only the weak economies . 
  and only greece remained at the brink of default, 
  so if a british municipality needed a bailout , only the ones that have higher gdp per capita should contribute to the bailout ? 
  the esm funding mechanism does take into account relative wealth . 
  the wealthier countries contribute more to the fund and get a larger vote . 
  my point was that if you organize yourself into a central body , when a medium-wealthy member needs a bailout , the money comes from everyone , not just countries richer than that one . 
  and that 's what happening in the eurozone , the funds are coming out of esm , which all countries , even ones poorer than greece , contributed to, 
  they voted ` no ' because the negotiations were not going how they wanted , and they wanted them to go better . 
  that 's literally what syriza told them , we need the ` no ' vote to get better leverage for a better deal . 
  suppose an average british municipality went bankrupt . 
  should poorer british municipalities contribute to the bailout or just rich ones ? 
  you can not have a transfer union without a policy union . 
  the us federal government does n't just straight up give states money , it funds specific programs that have federals rules attached . 
  nobody expects that greece will ever pay back their debts . 
  the debts are simply leverage the eurozone countries are using to pass through reforms to prevent this from happening in the future . 
  once those reform are passed , greece will get debt relief . 
  that was the whole point of the all-nighter . 
   poor european countries of the euro should not lose money to prop up the euro . 
  that would be incredibly immoral, 
  greece is tiny in relation to the rest of the eu . 
  they could absorb the hit and it would cost them less than continuously propping up greek government spending . 
  however , debt on the books affects the interest rates you can get on the open market . 
  the imf 's main goal is to transition greece into a point where they can get their own loans on the open market instead of relying on them and the ecb for loans . 
  and we are not bailing them out, 
  that 's different , the federal government spends money through defense employment and welfare in states that need it the most . 
  we do n't give our states money when they run up debts too high, 
  that 's correlation not causation . 
  the same thing caused both . 
  those are going to backfire by making the reforms less popular in greece , something something muh sovereignty, 
  yes that 's what i said , they implemented parts of the 2012 reforms they agreed to , but not all of them .
