  replacing old , higher interest debt , with new lower-interest debt . 
  it buys them some time to sort things out . 
  at least in theory, 
  the people ? 
  but their money is stuck in the old banks . 
  you know , the whole reason why you want to create a new bank to begin with ? 
  yes because syriza stalled on much-needed eurozone aid to their banks . 
  to clarify , it 's not real hate because belgium is n't a real country . 
  it 's like hating a fictional character . 
  no anime either, 
  `` it was just a prank , bro ! '', 
  - hitler , probably, 
  right . 
  for most people , if you are n't acting like a bunch of alt-right idiots trying to provoke people , you wo n't have any trouble in those ` no-go zones ' . 
  but it 's hard to argue that rule of law and police protection fully apply in those areas, 
  til, 
  wait so swedish police do n't have regular patrols ? 
  what do they do in their downtime then ? 
  it 's not about not playing around , it 's just not worth it for the police to go into those areas unless if like the governor requests it or something . 
  the gangs will have more firepower than a single squad car , and the locals refuse to testify in court as witnesses , so you do n't really gain anything for the risk . 
  if they really wanted to , they could sent in a few swat teams but it 's just not worth it, 
  parts of it yes, 
  the us has no-go zones too, 
  a no-go zone is an area where generally police will not enter unless if they have special orders to . 
  obviously people can live in those places without getting killed, 
  you believe that countries should n't celebrate the unique parts of their culture ? 
  they will just run up more . 
  it is futile, 
  are baguettes and other french cuisine not ` more french ' ? 
  or do you believe that all nationalities are exactly the same ? 
  if you are n't okay with suppressing minorities and inventing nationalism , do you think france should split back into brittany , burgundy , etc ? 
  is n't french unification mostly an effect of suppressing minorities and inventing nationalism ? 
  are you okay with those concepts ? 
  hahahahaahaha no . 
  talk to a brit or a dutch guy who had savings in icesave and come back to me, 
  ie and eg mean different things, 
  was expecting http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/846/511/068.jpg, 
  mayo is worst condiment !, 
  mayo is an overrated condiment, 
  alternative vowels, 
  hmm , i should invest in eastern poland, 
  `` sell really well '' . 
  they have 1/2 - 1/3 of the market share that they do in the us . 
  obviously there 's something else affecting the european market . 
  then why do japanese cars not have a tough time against american cars on their home turf ? 
  or against european cars in america ? 
  and yet , despite being both a better value and having higher reliability , they have tiny market share ? 
  does that make sense to you ? 
  still , the stats suggest that there are external factors artificially limiting the popularity of japanese cars in germany, 
  / u / _ siran _ specifically claimed that there were a ton of toyota/nissan/mazda in germany . 
  the entire thread is about germany auto practices and foreign car sales in germany , not the eu as a whole for the eu as a whole , toyota/nissan/mazda had a q1 2016 new car sales market share of 9.9 % , less than half of their us market share . 
  toyota , nissan , and mazda have a combined market share of 6.6 % ( germany new car sales , q1 2016 ) . 
  in the us , those three makes combined for 22.3 % of 2016 q1 new car sales . 
  maybe they are more popular on the used market where import taxes are lower ? 
  maybe in europe with your protectionist import taxes . 
  in the us , they are the same price as bmw 's and higher quality as well . 
  huh til . 
  is lexus not a thing over in europe ? 
  you dispute that claim ? 
  in the us , where we have access to both , it 's common knowledge that japanese cars are the highest quality . 
  you do n't see a lot of japanese cars in germany either , and japan builds better cars than germany . 
  no , this is the most polish ad : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knk7dredg3i, 
  just primary surplus . 
  the economic growth projection is the more surprising part, 
  the vandals ? 
  it 's not that they do n't give enough to live on , it 's that the immigrants are willing to endure a lower standard of living than the natives since a ) it 's still better than where they came from and b ) their kids will have a better standard of living eventually so it 's okay, 
  so i 'm guessing it 's common for latvians to be able to read estonian/lithuanian/polish ? 
  but since spain is in the eu , does n't that mean they do n't have to be self sufficient ? 
  is n't agriculture low added-value too ? 
  one can be both, 
  did they have any other forms of id ? 
  eggplant does n't do well with creamy flavors , you need more peppery flavors, 
  for what purpose ? 
  are you claiming that trump controls the courts ? 
  what is wrong with seeking redress for libel through the proper legal channels ? 
  is that not what those channels were designed for in the first place ? 
  if trump were circumventing the courts , or actively trying to manipulate them into no longer being neutral , then i could see the argument that he is trying to consolidate power . 
  but right now he simply wants to do something that any private citizen can, 
  they are n't doing it because of their race . 
  they are doing it because they know that the european countries will acquiesce . 
  be mad at the european countries for having stupid asylum policies . 
  but the people elect those politicians . 
  why is n't there popular support for political parties that want to end business relations with tax havens ? 
  then why would you allow your companies to do business with tax havens ? 
  then would n't management have to pay high levels of income tax ? 
  and the companies that they are licensing from have to pay tax as well, 
  you do n't get taxed on revenue , you get taxed on profit, 
  i do n't see the eu or uk starting a war over brexit so i think we 're safe for now, 
  salsa tequila is a popular internet song, 
  they use those holidays to play ` work simulator 2017 with extended realism patch ', 
  you should look into pen twirling, 
  ah yes , it 's like persistence hunting , but in reverse . 
  would we post stuff from aruba or french guinea on here ? 
  in spanish melilla , hulk cosplay as you, 
  it 's bruce banner 's spanish cousin , bruno banderas !, 
  just wait until the spanish office of budget cuts sees this video , they 'll replace the riot shields with more plastic road barriers, 
  right . 
  and there 's nobody at the top telling this guy to be crazy , which is why it 's not being treated as an act of terrorism, 
  man those budget cuts really took a toll on you guys, 
  but apparently they are equipped with plastic road barriers,
