   removing yourself of a refugee camp in lebanon/turkey after sitting there for 4 years with no hope of a future is a valid reason . 
  no work , no nothing , you just sit and wait for ` war to end ' . 
  which in syria 's case can easily take another 5-10 years . 
  refugees have a right to work . 
  considering this ( and other rights ) are not provided , we call these infractions on the law . 
  making these totally valid reasons to apply for asylum elsewhere . 
  by this logic , anyone who is unable to find work anywhere in the world is eligible for asylum in germany . 
  after all , they have no more of a future than some syrian refugee stuck in turkey without a work permit . 
  who are you to say that some subsistence farmer in kenya is less deserving of asylum than a temporarily displaced syrian refugee in turkey/lebanon/jordan ? 
  if turkey is not providing refugees in their country with the right to work , does that grant them the right to enter greece to find work ? 
  why should greece/fyrom/hungary have to pay the price for turkey 's lack of compassion or germany 's excess of it ? 
  what about all the other unemployed people in turkey ? 
  what is the functional difference between them ? 
  from greece 's point it 's two unemployed people who want to find an job in europe but do n't want to wait in line like everyone else . 
  asylum is meant for use by people with credible fears for their lives . 
  being unemployed but otherwise having food , shelter , and police protection is not grounds for asylum , it 's a shitty situation that you solve through normal immigration . 
  are the people dying in turkey ? 
  in greece ? 
  serbia ? 
  do n't kid yourself , the german government does n't actually care about helping as many people as possible , they just want to avoid bad pr of turning down starving refugees at the austrian border , or more little girls crying to merkel on national tv . 
  if they cared about saving syrians from danger in particular , they 'd pull off something like operation solomon . 
  if they cared about saving as many people as possible worldwide , they 'd be sponsoring massive malaria eradication and water sanitation programs . 
  why would a country not prioritize its own citizens over those from other countries ? 
  it derives its power and consent to govern from its citizens , its mandate is to protect its citizenry above all other imperatives . 
  the only reason countries sign agreements to take in asylum seekers is so that their own citizens will be able to find safety should something bad happen . 
  that is different than normal immigration since a country does n't want any citizens leaving if they do n't have to , nor does it want an excess of foreign immigrants . 
  but if they are wartime asylum seekers they are n't necessarily staying permanently . 
  and if they are normal permanent residence seekers they should be processed in the same line as all the other permanent residence seekers . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  housing is more expensive . 
  also that 's before taxes and insurance . 
  also pay down college debts or save for a home . 
  you could interpret `` nation-saving '' to be related to birth rates, 
   embassies in far off countries are often understaffed as it is , and do n't have the knowledge or logistical support to deal with applicants for an asylum status . 
  it 's not just germany that requires people to be physically present in their country , it 's many more . 
  in practice embassy applications would n't work . 
  those other countries are not burdening their neighbors with their inability to process asylum requests remotely - germany is . 
  and if the current rate of increase keeps up , even their domestic asylum processing staff will not be sufficient . 
  they need a way to stem the flow of refugees temporarily so that their asylum processes can keep up , and they have not shown a good understanding of push-pull factors that have caused this overflow in the first place . 
   and yes , asylum seekers actually do have a right to work . 
  especially if the person in question receives a permanent residency status . 
  yes , once they are in germany they are allowed to work , but is not having work a valid reason to force germany to accept them in the first place ? 
   building a wall will not solve anything , it 's a pointless exercise . 
  even if you agree that germany should take in literally every syrian , there still must be some way to restrict the flow so that everyone gets processed properly . 
  in the meantime , their lives are not in danger in turkey/lebanon/wherever , they just do n't have jobs . 
  not having a job is not a reason to force germany to accept you or bend their normal immigration process just for you . 
  that is why this is a crisis , not just the numbers , germany , given enough time , can adapt to an influx of syrians in their population , but they are not being given enough time and their policies are not helping this . 
   it 's completely unethical , it 's also wrong because it is totally unrealistic . 
  unless , of course , you 're okay with voting for the creation of a government which is infinitely more powerful than what there is today . 
  people thought the nsa leaks were bad and worrisome ? 
  wait until cctv is expanded and combined with modern ai to automatically alert and act on ` suspect people ' . 
  the definition of which is up to the programmers . 
  there is a limit to the amount of unregistered people a country can handle , especially a country as bureaucracy-centric as germany . 
  yes , it is impossible to make the number 0 , but they should still keep it as lower as possible . 
   the ` retarded asylum policy ' stems from basic respect for human rights and refugee rights . 
  the most important treaties on these subjects were signed in late 1940 , early 1950 . 
  i believe the dates in themselves provide enough insight into the justification of these treaties . 
  that is not what i am referring to . 
  germany allows anyone who reaches their borders to apply for asylum , just like they agreed to in the international treaties . 
  however , they do not allow people to apply for asylum at embassies overseas . 
  they restrict people 's ability to fly in directly to germany to apply for asylum . 
  and then they say that they will accept literally anyone who comes from syria . 
  anyone who is not an idiot can see that this encourages syrians to literally walk all the way to germany . 
   people are allowed to have a future no , people are allowed to live without fear for their lives . 
  otherwise every chronically unemployed person in the world would have the right to go to germany . 
   people are allowed to make their case before the courts on their refugee status and this is a good thing . 
  the way that germany handles this , on the other hand , is stupid . 
   do n't blame the refugee . 
  i do n't blame them , they are making a logical decision , they can have a much better life in germany than back home and nobody is going to stop them , so why not go to germany ? 
  i blame germany for having a stupid asylum policy . 
   if your home and country were destroyed in war , of course you would want to travel to the place in which you think you 'd have the best shot at a future . 
  even if their home and country were n't destroyed by war , they would still want to travel to find the best possible future for themselves and their families . 
  especially when travel restrictions de facto no longer exist . 
   become increasingly withdrawn and isolated . 
  build fences , have border patrols , and sift the ` good people ' ( citizens ) from the ` bad people ' ( non-citizens ) - generally act like rich , asshole xenophobes . 
  what is wrong with this ? 
  a country is responsible for guaranteeing the security of its citizens beyond all other responsibilities , it can not do that with hundreds of thousands of unregistered people walking around . 
  why even exist as a country otherwise ? 
  even if you are in favor of open borders , you can see that germany 's asylum policy is beyond retarded in that it actively encourages people to walk through multiple other european countries who are not prepared to handle such an influx of migration . 
  it encourages migrants to go to countries that are already overcapacity ( so that german courts rule those countries ` unsafe ' ) and then walk across multiple borders ( because stopping them is literally nazi ) , refuse registration ( ca n't deport you if they do n't know where you are from ) , and show up unannounced in multiple countries . 
  it encourages border countries to simply funnel all their migrants into germany while ignoring schengen requirements to register them , of course , why even bother ? 
  you ca n't force them to register , they do n't want to register , they do n't want to live in your poor eastern euro country and you do n't want them either . 
  it encourages human trafficking since their asylum-seeker payments are high enough and the barrier to entry low enough that the venture is profitable . 
   become more active players in international politics europe has no power or force projection . 
  their military might is a shadow of its former self , they do n't have the logistics to move troops or materiel let alone dictate politics around the world . 
  so . . a diplomat gained diplomatic immunity ? 
  what 's the issue here ? 
  4 controlled borders versus half a dozen uncontrolled borders . 
  which is easier to cross ? 
  greece 's economy does not have the capability for growth that the us economy does, 
  ah i see what you mean now . 
  greece and turkey are suffering right now and they are hardly third-world, 
   i do n't even know the stereotypes of switzerland . 
  chocolate watches, 
  germany will not let them freeze to death, 
  they will protest and hunger strike until they get relocated into the city, 
  [ puttanesca sauce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spaghetti_alla_puttanesca ) is a savory tomato-based sauce containing anchovies , capers , and olives . 
  it 's a very simple and cheap sauce to make . 
  you are supposed to sit there and call the traffic police to give him a citation . 
  well now european countries have a great incentive to actually pay the money the promised,
