  replace bishop with archbishop and i agree . 
  most muslims go to the mosque closest to them so you can just talk to that imam . 
  it 's not the mosques that are protecting them , it 's the liberals and the student unions, 
  exactly none of those will happen, 
  does germany even have enough functioning transport planes to get the bundeswehr into mali ? 
  or will they just tell them to fly commercial ? 
  if you started off with zero legs and the punishment was to give you one leg , your life would still suck but it would n't be a real punishment . 
  it 's only a punishment for those people who started with two legs . 
  i did n't say it drastically reduced prison numbers . 
  i 'm saying it 's not actually a punishment if the other option is worse . 
  that 's why you use a destination that does n't control their own foreign policy . 
  that 's what people said about australia back in the day . 
  this is only a problem because life in a danish prison is still cushier than a life in syria . 
  be realistic , most of the people on long term unemployment payments are not going to start successful companies down the line . 
  you can replace long term unemployment payments with short term unemployment payments combined with stints of work and achieve the same or better results for less money . 
  i do n't disagree with unemployment payments . 
  i just believe that such payments should ultimately lead to work instead of being a permanent solution . 
  every person is treated like shit at work , why should poor people be exempt ? 
  well obviously the one that pays more money . 
  but if they paid the same i 'd take the walmart job because i might learn something useful . 
  and if not , i can use the time there to find a new job, 
  if they 're the same , why would n't you choose he option that gives the guy work experience while increasing your gdp ? 
  is having unemployed poor really better than having working poor ? 
  isis is de facto a state that wages war partially by conventional means, 
  it 's not your burden . 
  it 's simply an option to eliminate islamic terrorism once and for all . 
  it 's your choice if you want to take it, 
  for most people , it 's the brand and the taste that they associate with the concept of beer/chocolate, 
  brown bread with 50 % preservatives still lasts longer, 
  i 'm a chinese immigrant , 
  no alphabet means you ca n't read or write without memorizing characters . 
  each pronunciation has four different tones , and even with tones , there are still a ton of homophones . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to figure out what word someone is saying without context . 
  our largest city speaks a different language from the rest of the country . 
  not to mention all the different dialects that exist outside of beijing . 
  on the other hand , grammar rules are somewhat lax and most of the words are fairly easy to pronounce once you get the hang of the tones, 
  if you force two competing companies to compete on a level playing field , the stronger one will win, 
  why ? 
  if they do n't get deported , then they soak up resources/participate in underground economy just the same as a ` syrian ' ` refugee ', 
  if they tend to stay permanently then they are also immigrants, 
  those are all the refugees from the syrian crisis , not the ones that make it to europe . 
  macedonia is the weakest link now that the eu has given up on securing the greek border . 
  but since macedonia has stronger borders , the eu borders are now strong since even their weakest link has strong borders, 
  how long before sweden calls them nazis ? 
  of all those things , oil is the easiest for them to sell abroad and disguise as legitimate . 
  remember that their territory is n't self sufficient so the trucks and gasoline and guns that isis needs to run , they have to buy from abroad using foreign currency . 
  they also make money taxing the local economy , which is propped up by the oil industry . 
  if you seize the main industry , not only do you deny them the oil money directly , but all the taxes they could have levied on the oil workers , and on the local businesses frequented by oil workers , etc, 
  if you deny isis the oil installations , you strangle their main source of income . 
  this comment chain gets my seal of approval, 
  some of them were from balkans and would n't have ever gone to greece or italy, 
  this should have been her plan all along . 
  and if greece refuses to go along with it just close the german border , it 'll greatly reduce the pull factor, 
  tow them to a neutral site and do n't let them leave until they follow proper procedure, 
  so what do you suggest that greece do then ? 
  they are obviously incapable or unwilling to defend their own borders , which are also schengen borders . 
  the only logical solution is to kick greece out of schengen due to their inability to live up to their promises, 
  the difference is that they are not enforcing dublin regulations, 
  she changed her mind after that girl cried in front of her on national tv . 
  the girl ended up staying . 
  debt relief without structural reforms will just lead to another bankruptcy in the future . 
  i do agree that greece needs debt relief though, 
  contact other power players in the cdu and foment an intra-party revolt to remove merkel from power ? 
  the ones from syria are being let in . 
  the ones that are n't being let in are from places like pakistan , bangladesh , morocco , etc many of them claim to be syrian to get asylum priority , but their behavior is inconsistent with their claims, 
  apparently germany does n't allow this, 
  does n't matter since these guys are n't syrian, 
  they 're not from syria, 
  the us and it already is . 
  german is the most common ancestry in the us, 
   flee syria to live in germany  germany turns into neu-syrien, 
  but surely at some point even people that refuse to accept reality will realize that too . 
  since right now many of them refuse to believe that people would lie about being syrian . 
   if in reality its just a means for germany et-al to cheaply ship their goods across europe and for the interior countries to be able to save money by not needing a border force then they should come out and say it . 
  politicians are not known for saying the truth , nor voters for responding well to it, 
  well apparently they do not have the ability to prevent that from happening . 
  they also burned through a lot of their international goodwill with how they handled their debt crisis . 
  yes , ideally , they would not become a human warehouse but that does seem to be what will happen to them, 
  the thing is that greece does n't share borders with any other schengen country . 
  hence why all the balkans are starting to seal their borders, 
  at what point will the entire population of syria have moved to germany ? 
  will other migrants still pretend to be syrian then ? 
  they ca n't . 
  only nazis protest immigration . 
  you would n't want to be known as a nazi , now would you ? 
  they could just jam the rudder in place . 
  no turning around from that, 
  why does n't the greek navy just send them back on their own with self propelled lifeboats ? 
  force the turkish navy into the dilemma of having to drown innocent refugees, 
  the point is that people will keep coming even if they get their asylum application rejected . 
  no matter what your asylum policies are . 
  germany is their goal because your economy is so much better that even just a few months living there waiting for asylum to process is a strong enough motivator to come, 
  i prefer `` game of migrants '', 
  why wo n't turkey let them into their waters ? 
  what means do they have of enforcing that ? 
  how is it that turkey can protect their naval borders but europe can not ? 
  not all the migrants are syrian . 
  so long as germany has a better economy than north africa , they will keep coming . 
  * coughubccough, 
  the difference is that they are not deporting even those migrants convicted of hate crimes .
