  dunno and very common , but it was a very large project so the total cost was very high . 
  the cost per plane is n't very high though because the f35 program was designed to export tons of them to countries , including those that do n't have proper aircraft carriers . 
  compared to initial cost estimates . 
  it 's still cost-competitive against other multirole airplane though . 
  i compared mv ^ 2 for both projectiles . 
  you claimed that mv ^ 2 was the only thing that matters , obviously it is n't . 
  a knife does n't have a lot of mv ^ 2 but it can go through a kevlar vest while a bullet ca n't . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muzzle_energy this says ~ 900, 
  still has 2000 joules . 
  it 's not as simple as mxv ^ 2 . 
  for example a massive truck going at 2 mph has a lot of kinetic energy but wo n't penetrate anything . 
  it 's about force and area which are dependent on the shape of the projectile and the material properties of the target . 
  before that, 
  germany does not have the political will to withstand being called nazis for a few months . 
  they will not close their borders . 
       so why do n't the other countries close their border first if germany refuses to do so ? 
  hungary tried it , look what happened to them . 
       because they live in a shit country we cant refuse them . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  if their life is in danger , then you ca n't refuse them . 
  if they just live in a shit country , you absolutely can . 
  or any historical building at all for that matter `` scottish students demand the dismantling of hadrian 's wall , labeling it a demeaning symbol of apartheid and oppression . '', 
  it 's also human nature to not want to admit that you were wrong, 
  is ` political affiliation ' a protected class ? 
  why would n't it be ? 
  you can get fired for anything, 
  do you produce exports ? 
  now , americans will buy more of what you produce . 
  do you import american goods ? 
  now , they will be cheaper, 
  displaying concern is racist, 
  the fake suicide vest did n't tell you he was an idiot already ? 
  is austria considered an unsafe country ? 
  just implement border controls on the austrian border and you will see just how quickly the flow stops . 
  police did n't have riot gear , only normal gear, 
  they do , and the german police are equipped to handle that . 
  they are not prepared to handle 1 million migrants in addition to their normal jobs though, 
  why not employ the refugees as emergency services/police/infrastructure construction workers ? 
  since they will be living there anyways and need jobs, 
  they only have the right to cross illegally to apply for asylum . 
  how many of them are applying for asylum in greece/italy ? 
  how ? 
  were n't serbs like the mortal enemies of white muslims ? 
  germany is the preferred destination for the majority of the migrants . 
  once germany shuts their borders , the flow will stop . 
  nobody is dumb enough to pay thousands of dollars to get trafficked from turkey to greece . 
  not automatically . 
  they should follow the standard process . 
  the nature of creative work does not lend itself to a steady income . 
  usually years of little to no income in hopes of making it big in the future . 
  however , without basic income , a lot of people have to give up their dreams prematurely, 
  the difference is that people on current welfare programs do n't have to worry about paying rent since that 's a separate category , so they ca n't spend their rent money on coke . 
  nowhere , i 'm just saying there 's a reason that the shortage still exists . 
  presumably the doctors know that africa needs doctors and still decide to wait for a job in belgium, 
  we work much more because we consume much more . 
  i do n't want to spend months building an air conditioning unit from scratch , or milling my own pcb 's to build electronics . 
  instead , i outsource that work to china and spend a much shorter time working a white collar job to fund it . 
  not just greece . 
  slovenia , hungary , italy also have schengen external borders, 
  this is n't cuba , the government ca n't just force doctors to work in foreign countries , the doctors have to agree to . 
   but so was the industrial revolution . 
  i enjoy not having to spend 3 weeks just to knit my own shirt . 
  some people think that any rhetoric remotely approaching nationalism is automatically stormfront-tier . 
  what do you think the british did during wwii ? 
  [ does this look like the face of a man who fears death ? 
  ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-dpmg1jsxfmw/uscqfykwzgi/aaaaaaaaddy/_izskotpwfw/s1600/milkman-1940_blitz.jpg ), 
  they do n't check every passport . 
  lebanon is de facto being run by hezbollah right now, 
  honest question , what makes belgium less of a failed state than bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  so you want to break democracy just to spite stupid people ? 
  i guess my point was the finnish government does not believe that their economy would grow even with deficit spending, 
  but finnish economy is not growing , so they do not want to add any more debt, 
  yet, 
   non-country ftfy, 
  there are many people who set up scholarships , if a student activist ca n't find a better scholarship than one set up by a racist colonizer , then they should really look harder, 
   the refugees would have resorted to treacherous sea crossings assuming germany did n't accept any refugees , why would refugees risk their lives to go from being a refugee in turkey to being a refugee in greece ? 
  it does n't seem like there would be an appreciable difference in quality of life . 
  where ? 
  what country will accept them ? 
  italy does not have a police station big enough . 
  you have the right to , yes , but go ask hungary how well that turns out . 
  because there is no way of making them abide by the law . 
  there is n't room in italian prisons to detain all of them , they do n't have money or passports so you ca n't fine or deport them , and even if they did , if they come from a place where their life is in danger , you ca n't send them back . 
  in your example , you would get fired if you refused fingerprints . 
  but these migrants do n't have jobs . 
  they literally do n't have anything we can take away from them, 
  in the us , we call it an ` irish goodbye ', 
  because fighting age men are more likely to riot ? 
  which is why europeans are apprehensive about taking in hundreds of thousands of fighting age men from the middle east who are predisposed to riot over comics and books ? 
  or if you tell a pole that poland is eastern euro, 
  jedi mind trick . 
  fair enough, 
   how france has treated it 's , uhm , slightly darker people these are not france 's people, 
  what country would willingly accept a bunch of random foreigners who are inclined to attack truckers ? 
  only rational people , not everyone is rational . 
  for example , even now people still commit suicide by cop . 
  there would still be some crime but no alive criminals to put in jails . 
  a lot of people collect them . 
  we have lots of hoarders . 
  not all muslims agree on what constitutes idolatry , is the thing,
