  i dunno , what other religion could it be ? 
  catholicism . . ? 
  presumably the ones that get denied asylum will not be allowed to bring their families over, 
  does germany not have de facto open borders right now ? 
  everyone can seek asylum who reaches german soil , there are no barriers to keep them from doing so , asylum seekers registered in poorer euro countries are not deported , asylum seekers denied asylum are not deported, 
   the former is something that has a lot of support across the political spectrum . 
  obviously not enough support if no parties in power endorse such an idea and if the only choices voters have are open borders and racists . 
  but sweden is not the country most successful at preventing people from radicalizing and joining isis . 
  if the main goal of the refugees was to escape isis , would n't they go to a more successful country ? 
  immigration ? 
  because sweden has demonstrated its superior ability to control its borders and filter out isis terrorists ? 
  or prevent its own muslims from radicalizing ? 
  but is it not true that afd and ndp are the only anti-immigration parties ? 
  and that they are labeled nazis ? 
  also , i suspect you are not in sweden or germany , since the only parties that are for restricting immigration in those countries are frequently labeled racist nazis, 
  i was very surprised that my shit post is the top comment on this link, 
  different motive, 
  ah i meant to respond to / u/lembitu _ kuuse . 
  but yeah , sweden has enough heated tents from military use to keep migrants from freezing, 
  well yeah , but the way they go about doing this is hilarious, 
  the issue is that migrants are expecting a better quality of life than swedish army conscripts . 
  condemn your neighbors for being racist nazis and then flounder around once the refugees actually arrive and then ship them to neighbouring countries without any notice . 
  they are though , that 's why they are going to the countries with the best welfare and family reunification laws . 
  they wo n't keep coming though , not unless sweden changes their welfare and family reunification laws . 
  they will just protest until they get the housing they want , logistics be damned, 
  that is okay , at least you recognize that the people you are voting for have some differing views , most people do n't realize that . 
  do the parties you vote for also believe there is a maximum capacity and act accordingly ? 
  fly emirates has more power projection than the german military . . 
  because they want a better quality of life ? 
  because risk/reward . 
  there is comparatively little reward to go to turkey/lebanon/jordan . 
  if they make it to germany , they get enough welfare to bring the rest of their family over and have a better life than they did back in syria . 
  he can , in the first scenario where the catcher messes up the toss back to the pitcher, 
  haha no problem . 
  i watch a lot of american football where the rules are even more convoluted so baseball seems so simple in comparison, 
  in practice , it only really happens during errors . 
  for example , when the catcher tosses the ball back to the pitcher , if the ball sails over his head , the runner on third can steal home . 
  or if there is an error during pitching , batter steals first , error trying to throw him out , runner on third steals home . 
  it 's pretty hyperbolic but he 's just saying he wants the current german leadership to be jailed/thrown out of power, 
  stealing home is possible , just very unlikely . 
   are we just dumping refugees on each other now ? 
  game of migrants, 
  is n't that true of pretty much every crisis ? 
  one of the benefits of being rich is being able to shield yourself from the major consequences of financial crises . 
       no , no i am not . 
  if you have weird ass ideas and preach the killing of infidels off to an insolated prison with you where nobody can hear you scream and no young impressionable mind can have access to your hate speech . 
  a lot of prisons are where these radical ideas spread in the first place . . 
  well technically it would work . . just not very practical, 
  well apparently not germany since their fence companies wo n't sell to nazi xenophobes, 
   violence is never the answer to counter politic views you do n't agree with in the first place ?!, 
  is n't this like the cause of every civil war ? 
  even bigots and populists can be correct occasionally , if you claim he is incorrect , please provide information supporting your claim, 
  only 60 % actually do get deport though . 
  the rest stay underground, 
   redistribution system how will this work ? 
  what is to keep redistributed migrants from making their way back into germany and working on the black market ? 
  it 's not like they have any sentimental ties to the eastern euro country they 're getting redistributed to . 
  unless you keep them in guarded camps , you ca n't keep them from leaving , and unless you lock down german borders you ca n't keep them from getting to germany, 
  again , you are missing the point . 
  the point is that merkel overestimated the honesty and integrity of people when she said a ) we will accept all syrians and b ) we will not deport asylum seekers to border countries . 
  she assumed that nobody would be dishonest enough to a ) pretend to be syrian or b ) force their way into germany just to get better benefits/jobs than in border countries under the guise of asylum-seeking . 
  in a perfect world where only those people in the most dire situations who have no future in their homeland seek asylum in germany , merkel did nothing wrong . 
  in the real world where people make decisions based on cost-benefit analysis and where government incentives skew the cost/benefit , she did a lot wrong . 
  they should have created a common asylum policy when they created schengen . 
  the fact that the current migrant/refugee crisis has been mishandled is an indictment of that lack of foresight . 
  if they had created the common asylum policy as a prerequisite for schengen , the hungarians would at least be able to understand the actual conditions of joining , instead of forcing a common asylum policy onto them after they joined . 
  having a legal limit to asylum seekers is not allowed , but surely there is a logistical point where you start running out of housing and benefits , no ? 
  because most asylum seekers in germany seem to have the impression that housing and benefits are limitless and it 's not like merkel does n't understand this , remember when she was dealing with that palestinian girl who was getting deported ? 
  `` i want to help you , but then i 'd have to help everyone and we do n't have the logistics to do so '', 
  they will not economically collapse but it is a very shocking failure of the schengen/eu common asylum policy as well as a lesson in foresight and logistics . . 
  everyone : hmm i should go to germany , they have welfare/demand for unskilled labor which gives me a better life than in some refugee camp in turkey . 
  \\* sets off journalist : merkel , is there some limit to the number of refugees you will take ? 
  merkel : no . 
  there is no limit . 
  also we will take every syrian since all of syria is unsafe . 
  also we will not deport asylum seekers to border countries . 
  everyone : \\* arrives at germany . 
  hey , why are there all these people pretending to be syrian here ? 
  also why is the infrastructure for handling asylum seekers getting overloaded ? 
  ------------------------------------------------------- more accurate ? 
  in the us , not every takes calculus in high school , so not everyone would be able to solve this . . even some college students whose majors do n't require calculus . 
  the first part , however , should be fairly easy , it 's just algebra , but i would n't have known how to solve the second part before 12th grade and i 'm fairly good at math, 
  agreed , the picture makes it seems as if the width of the river is important . . which it is n't, 
   tfw no local pig slaughter to drink palinka at :(, 
  so given a choice between an anti-immigration political party that supports the rights of gay people to have parades , and immigrants that do not , you support the immigrants ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the richest country in the world, 
  they do n't have to , but countries are not obligated to accept them once they are in a safe country which means de facto they are treated the same as any other economic migrant, 
  probably something like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te, 
  they are n't physically hunted down , they get arrested for some unrelated thing and then get flagged and deported from there . 
  it 's a huge waste of money to try and hunt them down . 
  taiwan mostly uses traditional , they 'd get their own flag, 
  ship them to england !, 
  presumably some of them want to work and send money home . . in which case it would be better to work in a country with higher wages than lithuania, 
  if you double the rent and you lose 25 % of your customers , you still come out ahead, 
  lecture notes are posted online in the us . 
  the article says they spent 35 million giving their employees bonuses . 
  is n't that the kind of behavior you want to encourage ? 
  they paid that much tax on a loss of 28.5 million . 
  what would they have done if he just said ` building ' ? 
  how do you get data on people who are n't registered ?
