  one of our larger minority groups now are the 150.000 polish that are here . 
  i personally do n't see any problem with that . 
  the murder rate among black americans is close to that of russia , but the one among white americans is much lower than that of eu countries such as estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  make ell\u00e1s great again ? 
  the title sounds cute , like a facebook friend request . 
  on a more serious note , that it apparently was a `` very , very good '' meeting , while they talked about many issues , such as the `` workers ' situation '' , which seems to have generated controversy here , is hopeful . 
  is there any more information regarding the the actual discussed contents from this meeting ? 
  i 'm really curious as to what might have been mentioned . 
  of course , i agree on that the suicide rate to homicide rate will be higher in nearly every country , but to what extent -- `` stark contrast '' in my previous comment -- was mostly of interest to me . 
  there are countries such as japan with an even lower murder rate than us , but a much higher suicide rate ; the united states with a much higher murder rate , and a higher suicide rate . 
  all i personally found to be interesting was that the suicide rate here is _ that _ much higher than actual murders , even though the actual number is quite low !, 
  it just left me wondering why suicides and mental health have n't been that much of a political talking point in my experience as they seem to affect a lot more people . 
  i did n't know , now i do , that 's it . 
  thanks , glossed over that one . 
  i corrected and edited it . 
  i looked at the other table for attempts ( pogingen ) and actual murders . 
  actual murder and manslaughter came out to be 186 for 2015 if i 'm correct ? 
   but why is it actually strange ? 
  it 's just something i personally found odd , nothing else . 
  i guess it 's a depressing fun fact . 
  that the amount of murders here is so low , that it produces such a stark contrast when compared to suicides was interesting to me . 
  that 's not the case for every country . 
  also , the lack of attention for such a real and increasing problem , unlike our ever decreasing amount of murders per year , is what i find interesting . 
  i know what the differences or rather the similarities are . 
  i was trying to point out that it 's odd that one is much more likely to kill him - or herself by suicide ( zelfdoding ) than to actually be killed by someone else ( moord en doodslag ) . 
  just out of interest , so we could put things into perspective , i decided to look at the murder rate per 100,000 for some other european countries . 
  sorry to say finland , but it seems belgium is winning ? 
  i got the numbers from [ politi\u00eble criminaliteitsstatistieken , i. 3 . 
  | country | population ( 2015 ) | murders ( 2015 ) | murder rate per 100,000 -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | belgium | 11.209.044 | 186 | 1,66 | finland | 5.487.308 | 70 | 1,28 | the netherlands | 16.900.726 | 120 | 0,71, 
  it 's odd that we have more than fifteen times as many suicides ( 1871 in 2015 ) when compared to murders ( 120 in 2015 ) . 
  that 's nothing compared to not being able to deport illegals that commit crime ranging from theft to rape or just clog the process for those that do have the right to refuge . 
  they can complain to their government . 
  it 's really not on us and we should not have to accept the status quo . 
  i think this is a good way of giving us leverage over these countries , unless you know of a better one ? 
  you 're speaking about those foreign governments right ? 
  it 's on them really . 
  people who had no right to be here , but could not be deported , already ruined the lives of some here . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's interesting . 
  i would have imagined a far-right party would be thriving during the migrant crisis like many others are ? 
  how one can then become pro-eu when orb\u00e1n is running these anti-eu ads is extremely surprising to me . 
  honest question , but which viable alternative does hungary even have ? 
  jobbik is far right-wing no ? 
  i never really looked into his politics that much , but i did like his stance on climate change :  i see your questions . 
   each and every time i post on my facebook page or tweet about my crusade for a clean energy future , i see them . 
   there are always a few of you , asking why we should care about the temperature rising , or questioning the science of climate change . 
   i want you to know that i hear you . 
  even those of you who say renewable energy is a conspiracy . 
  even those who say climate change is a hoax . 
  even those of you who use four letter words . 
   i 've heard all of your questions , and now i have three questions for you . 
   let 's put climate change aside for a minute . 
  in fact , let 's assume you 're right . 
   first - do you believe it is acceptable that 7 million people die every year from pollution ? 
  that 's more than murders , suicides , and car accidents - combined . 
   every day , 19,000 people die from pollution from fossil fuels . 
  do you accept those deaths ? 
  do you accept that children all over the world have to grow up breathing with inhalers ? 
   now , my second question : do you believe coal and oil will be the fuels of the future ? 
   besides the fact that fossil fuels destroy our lungs , everyone agrees that eventually they will run out . 
  what 's your plan then ? 
   i , personally , want a plan . 
  i do n't want to be like the last horse and buggy salesman who was holding out as cars took over the roads . 
  i do n't want to be the last investor in blockbuster as netflix emerged . 
  that 's exactly what is going to happen to fossil fuels . 
   a clean energy future is a wise investment , and anyone who tells you otherwise is either wrong , or lying . 
  either way , i would n't take their investment advice . 
   renewable energy is great for the economy , and you do n't have to take my word for it . 
  california has some of the most revolutionary environmental laws in the united states , we get 40 % of our power from renewables , and we are 40 % more energy efficient than the rest of the country . 
  we were an early-adopter of a clean energy future . 
   our economy has not suffered . 
  in fact , our economy in california is growing faster than the u.s. economy . 
  we lead the nation in manufacturing , agriculture , tourism , entertainment , high tech , biotech , and , of course , green tech . 
   i have a final question , and it will take some imagination . 
   there are two doors . 
  behind door number one is a completely sealed room , with a regular , gasoline-fueled car . 
  behind door number two is an identical , completely sealed room , with an electric car . 
  both engines are running full blast . 
   i want you to pick a door to open , and enter the room and shut the door behind you . 
  you have to stay in the room you choose for one hour . 
  you can not turn off the engine . 
  you do not get a gas mask . 
   i 'm guessing you chose the door number two , with the electric car , right ? 
  door number one is a fatal choice - who would ever want to breathe those fumes ? 
   this is the choice the world is making right now . 
   to use one of the four-letter words all of you commenters love , i do n't give a damn if you believe in climate change . 
  i could n't care less if you 're concerned about temperatures rising or melting glaciers . 
  it does n't matter to me which of us is right about the science . 
   i just hope that you 'll join me in opening door number two , to a smarter , cleaner , healthier , more profitable energy future . 
  [ facebook , arnold schwarzenegger : i do n't give a **** if we agree about climate change . 
  ] ( https://m.facebook.com/notes/arnold-schwarzenegger/i-dont-give-a-if-we-agree-about-climate-change/10153855713574658/ ) i 'm sure macron and arnold agree on that . 
  once again , i have no idea if he effectively governed , i just liked his stance . 
   if everyone did the same then there would be none coming in to distribute across each country . 
  if the border in the united states is anything to go by , that wall does n't work at all . 
  even with vigilante cowboys patrolling it . 
  indeed , meaning the results are meaningless . 
  i corrected myself and linked to the previous thread on the form . 
  sorry , yeah , i do n't know what was going on in my head . 
  anyone was able to fill it out , instead of it not having a captcha . 
  here 's the old thread regarding the form : * [ hungary 's `` new '' pseudo-referendum is online and has shitty verification - anyone can participate ( questions in the comments ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/68z4f7/hungarys_new_pseudoreferendum_is_online_and_has/ ),
