  however , i really doubt it 's effectiveness , this is coming from someone who is against ritual slaughter . 
  for example , i believe croatia also has the slaughter of pigs , but has its fair share of catholics . 
  you 're not just going to rub muslims the wrong way if that 's the intention is what i 'm pointing at . 
  besides , enforcing this for every small shop that they might get their meat at seems way too big of a task . 
  who are you ? 
  some expert ? 
  he needs reasons ? 
  which reason did putin need and use the first time ? 
  i do n't think `` we can just '' is entirely appropriate here , as changing it is not that easy . 
  rightfully so . 
  sure we _ can _ change it , it 's just extremely unlikely to be added in or should i say removed from . 
  yes , this is just an assumption , but the moment they _ can _ get out of the sanctions , it seems _ more likely _ that they will , even though they might have different reasons for it in the end . 
  i am not an expert , but i would be very , very surprised if you can , as that would mean our constitution means as much as a piece of toilet paper . 
  i am very critical of islam , but to ban the religion in its entirety or certain aspects of it , such as diet , which also apply to our jewish diaspora ( kosher ) , would be unconstitutional and in my opinion turn many moderate muslims against `` us '' who _ want _ moderate muslims that can live in the secular framework we have established here . 
  edit : as / u/niederweit mentioned , you _ could _ ban halal on animal welfare grounds , but this [ has been attempted in the past ] ( https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2016/02/17/kabinet-scherpt-regels-rond-ritueel-slachten-aan-a1409261 ) ( dutch ) and was met with strong opposition from jewish and islamic organizations , of course . 
  i do think this aspect is seperate from the unsuccessful integration of certain citizens . 
  yes , i was ( am ) on mobile . 
  the actual administration seems to think differently . 
  nowhere did i say they have to `` stoke it up '' and how could they , as it rightfully is ukrainian land ? 
  regardless , such equipment _ will _ prove valuable _ if _ russia decides to press on further inland . 
  well , it does n't matter whether the enemy tank crew ends up being \u0433\u0440\u0443\u0437 200 then , since russia is not in ukraine right ? 
  i can read that ukraine _ wants _ them , yes , but whether the united states will _ give _ them is something else . 
  to wake them up from what ? 
  just because the pvv 's base has virtually ( ! ), 
  expanded , does n't mean those other parties should do anything the pvv suggests , e.g. 
  closing the borders completely , exiting the eu , banning hijabs , mosques and qurans . 
  it 's a populist party that does not have to deal with reality as most of its proposals and ideas fall completely outside of it . 
  i do n't think it 's that bad of an assumption , certain countries or politicians i should say want to get rid of the sanctions . 
  did n't sloviaka 's pm voice this too ? 
  does anyone know if this will include javelin anti-tank missiles ? 
  i assume that would keep many russian vehicles where they should be . 
   communists imposed russian values . 
  the eu will impose german ones . 
  can you expand on this ? 
  the `` eu '' does no such thing to my knowledge . 
  it does not have to be one or the other , both can be true . 
  same `` irrelevant group '' that france was so eager to get with , repeatedly , in 1946 and 1948 only to be told we were not interested . 
  the benelux has had a major say and part in the european project and is far from irrelevant . 
  creepy . 
  just let them be kids , you do n't have to mix it up with political parties and create some kind of corbyn-jugend . 
   give me a fucking break , us and eu are terrorist organizations , you know quiet well that the only reason people choose to vote for eu parties is because the us and eu countries would invade in other cases . 
  so austria , belgium , bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , czechia , denmark , estonia , finland , france , germany , greece , hungary , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , the netherlands , poland , portugal , romania , slovakia , slovenia , spain , sweden and the united kingdom are all part of a terrorist organization that is waiting to invade and destroy serbia , got it . 
   it will not , the eu is just modern version of colonisation . 
  how do you come to the conclusion that the european union is a modern version of colonisation when it is voluntary ? 
  member states also have their say in many things , to the dislike of many when it comes to unanimous decisions or special treatment . 
  one could argue that countries have too much to say in the european union . 
  i am confused as well , tell me / u/helmia how i can obtain this finnish salad ? 
  every time i read _ `` x slams y over z '' _ i imagine there is some wwe wrestling match going on between both parties . 
  that 's `` great '' , wish more countries would have this . 
  beats having to take assisted suicide into your own hands and with unconventional means . 
  never understood what others have against it , it 's not your life . 
  you 're telling me portuguese would have a less favourable view of let 's say a black person than russia ? 
  i must be reading it the wrong way . 
  haha , [ for those who wonder what was going on . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jwx7fsx5g0&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4275 ) 01:11:15, 
  i get what you mean and it is bit sad that you have to explain it . 
  no country , including poland , is exempt from that obviously . 
  i , and many outside of the netherlands , strongly disagree with wilders , but fine , some of my countrymen still vote for the guy and that is their right . 
  is that an assumption or do you have an official statement from facebook where this is confirmed ? 
   will take some time to adjust these systems but the photo should be available for sharing in the coming days . 
  am i one of the few who realizes these systems are automated and simply look for breasts , genitals and other recognizable features in an image ? 
  i often see these posts on how people think facebook is censoring them , while it is just an automated system and not thousands of people in some basement going through all the reports of posts . 
  they are just adding the image to a whitelist now from what it looks like . 
  certainly people ca n't be as foolish to think _ actual people _ are removing these posts and certainly people should understand facebook does not take the `` historical importance '' of every photo into account ? 
  seems like a hugely overblown issue . 
  in an ideal world it certainly should not matter . 
  i think the question that needs to be asked is whether the ethnicity of a police officer has a positive effect when he/she polices a neighborhood of the same ethnicity . 
  i an on mobile unfortunately , but i would love to see some research on this . 
  regardless , having police officers of different ethnicities hints of proper integration of those groups in my view . 
  oh my , every time i read `` control '' in the context of brexit i think of andrea leadsom saying '' [ we need to leave the eu and take back control !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/589cnohw9hu?t=87 ) '' during the brexit debate . 
  kept repeating it like a robot or robo rubio . 
   switzerland/netherlands wait ... ? 
  fair enough , learned something , thanks !, 
  if you 're all cool with it and nobody seems to be up for it , i 'll do it . 
  but some countries are perfectly fine in their relationship with the u.s ? 
  if anything , there should be at least be a replacement to protect the status quo , do n't you agree ? 
   what wanker proposed the change ? 
  is berlusconi still around ? 
  haha , scotland can trump the likes of boris and nigel ? 
  it 's just like brexit , but this one will be sexy . 
  i remember one of the reasons the last independence referendum failed was due to losing access to the european union if scottish independence would be succesful . 
  which , ironically , they are now bound to lose after brexit from the way things seem to be going . 
  seems to be the case . 
  if i recall correctly , many leave voters have voiced that * even though * a brexit might harm the economy , it 'd be worth it to be `` sovereign '' , yet when this same idea is floated by scotland it 's suddenly something they should get out of their heads as soon as possible . 
  why ? 
  maybe they 're also tired of listening to the experts ? 
  it 's their right to not be funny though . 
  i am surprised people are suddenly calling for charlie hebdo to close when it makes tasteless jokes , as if this was a new phenomenon . 
  hmmm , i have found more pictures and i have to admit that i do see overlap between the image you sent and those i found . 
  [ check this picture i quickly made . 
  which part of what he said was not true ? 
   there are no systematical or structural disadvantages for men , women , blacks , whites or whoever in any european country . 
  you said `` in any european country '' , but i 'll ignore the prestigious spots certain eastern european countries such as russia and others hold when it comes to treating homosexuals and many other minorities with the very minimum level of respect . 
  western europe in that regard is a lot better , at least in the netherlands , but to say that there are no issues whatsoever is still wrong , one dutch example i can think of for example is discrimination on the labor market :  ** discrimination against equivalent candidates **  the study revealed that there is discrimination on the haaglanden labour market : applicants with different ethnic backgrounds who applied with the same , equivalent cv had different chances of success : native dutch applicants had a 34 % chance of success , applicants with a hindustani background 23 % and applicants with a moroccan background 19 % . 
  in other words , native dutch candidates had a 1.5 times bett er chance of a successful application than candidates with hindustani background with the same qualifications , and 1.8 times be tter than equally qualified candidates with a moroccan background . 
  there was no difference in the success rates of male and female applicants . 
  http://www.scp.nl/publicaties/alle_publicaties/publicaties_2015/op_afkomst_afgewezen i think you also fail to understand the consequences this has . 
  a good friend of mine has explained that he did not take his dad 's last name out of precaution due to discrimination on the labor market . 
  i think it is pretty sad such measures have to be taken .
