  unlike countries using euro , which are condemned , the uk can devaluate their currency by printing bazillion of pounds . 
  this does n't affect the economy at all . 
   vikings words are you retarded or something ? 
   am i suffering from grass-is-greener syndrome , reddit ? 
  that pretty much sums it up . 
  the rest of the world is exactly on the same situation . 
  if you do n't succeed in america , you wo n't succeed in europe . 
  if you are really poor , then you should find a way here , since america is the ultimate killing machine of poor people . 
  if not , just stay . 
  most important . 
  what languages can you speak ? 
  i ensure you that you wo n't have any future if you do n't speak the native language . 
  if you can only talk in english you are pretty much screwed since uk and ireland 's economies are at death doors ( inb4 brittish butthurt squad denying the evident ) . 
  the only healthy economies left are german , norwegian and swiss . 
  as a last advice , i 've seen a lot of americans on the internet with the [ paris syndrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome ) . 
  specially in germany , there are a lot of americans that become depressed there because their lifes have n't magically improved , as they imagined some sort of utopia there . 
   sense of humour you must be new here . 
  a friend of mine downloaded some songs and a videogame from 10 years ago from megaupload . 
  do n't extradite and send him to jail . 
  shh , baby , shh, 
  this is why i love this subreddit . 
  i hot my very own army of creepy british stalkers . 
  so many butthurts for getting told . 
  what was that , spaniard in denial ? 
   calls me spaniard  i correct her  she insults me in return, 
  i am not a spaniard , bur spain will release them when uk release scotland . 
  so africa is portuguese since portugal first claimed part of it ? 
  i 've already '' refuted '' your argument , read over again , argentinians ( spaniards at that moment ) were there before and thus it is their land . 
  you did n't gave me any arguments , tho , you only gave excuses to be criminals . 
  edit : and the most retarded argument is the '' there were pirates '' when half of the british history is based on stealing spanish boats . 
  you have n't changed a bit . 
  you have no counter argument , so you 've decided to just ignore everything and accuse me of accusing you of racism . 
  this is the second time you do this . 
  are you sure that you are the one with arguments ? 
  baaaw we 've been so evil let 's give every colonial territory back . 
  southern european/southern american ? 
  fuck off , spic latin people are the new jews/blacks . 
  oh look it 's one of those '' only i say the truth '' '' if the the entire world was like me it would be perfect '' . 
  i was quoting your first answer , and argentinians discovered the islands about 100 years before a brit , your argument is invalid . 
   what a wonderful argument  argentina has no legitimate claim to the falklands , and you know it . 
  ceuta was spanish before morocco existed or even their current inhabitants were there and it serves as a barrier to control immigration in europe . 
  which is futile anyway since uk has already imported half africa . 
   argentina has no legitimate claim to the falklands , and you know it . 
  yes they have . 
   they 're fine with us having it . 
  but spain is not since it is used as a fiscal paradise for criminals ; their inhabitant must be kicked out to gb and that place restored for the sake of not being corrupt . 
  but of course you do n't mind to steal and hide thieves . 
  at this very moment by not giving the malvinas to argentina , gibraltar to spain and constantly bashing europe so you can have the illusion of still being on the top . 
  can anyone provide subtitles ? 
  and you are spoiling comments . 
  brackets ( ( ) ) are n't used that way . 
  when will bavaria have its language represented in the european parliament ? 
  u mad ? 
  i 'm actually doing this on purpose , to show how annoying you people are when you keep insulting and posting unrelated topics in this subreddit . 
  [ butthurt , autistic brits ( sorry for the redundance ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sys9h.jpg ), 
  1 - usa and uk keep bullying europe 2 - europe defaults 3 - they blame europe for the default 4 - global crisis thanks to '' anglo '' greediness , who do n't care to make the entire world poorer only to make them feel important . 
  this peopel are literally the worst kind of person on earth . 
  i can see a lot of people giving their opinion here since half of this subreddit is autistic and the other half is british . 
   personal attacks  being a creep by stalking other people 's account  taking the internet 100 % seriously  insulting other people because they do n't share your point of view  suscribing to something you are not interested in . 
  i seriously hope you guys do n't do this . 
   leave the shitty jobs to romanian immigrants . 
   romanian immigrants . 
   jobs pffffhahahahahahahaha, 
  most important is to learn the language on wherever you are going to live . 
  voting that '' pirate party '' is the most immature movement of berlinese people in years . 
  brits talking about history ... turd calling vomit smelly . 
  sacrifice a virgin to calm our market gods . 
  i actually support scotland independence along with schleswig-holstein in germany , true nations that have been striving for an identity , unlike the rest of new-rich independentistic-wannabe that only want to separate its money . 
  yes i 'm looking at you : brittany , bavaria , north italy , vasque country , baden-w\u00fcrtemberg , catalonia ... 
   it 's a common strategy when it comes to arguing with germans : just show them just how racist they are supposed to be ( invoking images of slave-labour and racial slurs ) , and thus send them on a guilt-trip back to ' 41 . 
  we call this the `` nazikeule '' or `` nazi club '' . 
  i did n't know that expression existed and i could care less about history , it was just an example  enlighten me . 
  so you can base your opinions on where am i from ? 
  i said we become increasingly willing to let the eu crash . 
  there 's a difference . 
  that 's even more terrible . 
   i wonder what you would have written if you had n't had that nazi club laying around ... wut  portugese ? 
  spanish ? 
  neither  international politics never are about solidarity . 
  it 's always hard cash . 
  yes , but you 've said that you want to quit eu because you pay too much when you 've been shown that it 's the other way . 
  the whole point of your post , other than saying somewhat about nazis ? 
  nah i 'm not talking about history , just saying that the only swiss thing these people have are the passport , definetly not the education or culture . 
   1 . you think we could not quickly reshuffle our exports back to the international stage . 
  you would have to pay aduanas and your exportations would be limited just like between any foreign country outside eu . 
  who the hell said noone wants german goods ? 
  they just would n't be as competitive as they are now , which leads to your second point . 
   2 . you think either of the european countries can afford putting high import tariffs on our goods . 
  guess what : that would ruin them even quicker . 
  eu or not , we still are the economic powerhouse of the continent , and we are well able to wage economic war against something the size of france . 
  see ? 
  this is the reason you are maintaining the eu , it 's not because you are solidary , it 's because the rest of countries would drown in their shit , and this eventually would take germany , since your biggest importers would be broke . 
  you can compare the situation with the immigrants from southern europe that you took in the 60 's , knowing that they had no alternative , calling them slurs like '' kanake '' , making them work in a semi-slave regime for half of what a german would get , and yet at the end of the day , the german that had them employed says : '' oh god i am so anti-racist , solidary and benevolent '', 
  i though you were trolling , but [ here ] ( http://www.german-business-portal.info/gbp/navigation/en/business-location/foreign-trade-statistics.html ) is the most obvious reason ( there are more but since you seem to have no idea , let 's start from the basic ) . 
  as you can see , most of your exports are within the eu . 
  if the eu '' burns '' like you say , you will not be able to export for free and since you are the biggest exporter you would be the biggest victim . 
  also , you said that most of the german are against the eu because the rest of the countries do n't know how to manage money . 
  i seriously hope you are from bayern or baden-w\u00fcrtemberg , the only l\u00e4nder that sustain germany . 
  without them , the rest of germany would be to the levels of morocco . 
   her last name indicates she is of arab origin .
