  master race . 
  also finland is number 1 and finland is mongolian asian nation . 
  bisexual atheist white underaged brainwashed retards without any knowledge of how the world works . 
  your average redditor, 
  baby do n't hurt me, 
  please tell us how it is european union 's fault . 
  space , pay your debts, 
  will the neverending wave of non-europeans immigration stop ? 
  how long until europe becomes mudland ? 
  you need to stop spending money . 
  hourly euro break up submission . 
  the same way only whites can be racist , non-whites opinion on racism has 0 value . 
  ukraine , you are my greatest ally . 
  : le you do n't say ragefece mene :, 
  and so it begins , the beginning of the end . 
  indeed , freedom of religion should be banned, 
   one third of men if this article was about women , / r/feminism would already be here . 
  and so it begins , the beginning of the end, 
  add some sort of subtitles . 
  i am too white to understand your latino muditerranean language . 
  england , pay your debts . 
  spain pay your debts . 
  libertards forcing their shit in a fascist way as usual . 
  anti code is a racist for anti word, 
  sweden . 
  yes yes yes . 
  socially healthy person problem . 
  posts on friends ' facebook wall . 
  remember that they are not 24/7 connected to the internet and does n't expect an instant reply . 
  for those who want a tl ; dr of the thread : - oh my dog fucken basturds fesheest fook heetlurr upboat for ghehy marriage adn atheism . 
  23050238402384354234 upvotes . 
  - in my opinion feeding the greeks first is the correct thing to do because ... 9123484824782478247567 downvotes . 
  no wonder why murrikans are the second largest immigration group in there . 
  i pity germany, 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  sweden . 
  yes yes yes . 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  btw i 'm a girl :3, 
  shut up italy, 
  over 9000000000000 million jews never forget, 
  fascinating . 
   bank of america stopped reading there . 
  go be fat somewhere else . 
  [ i had this image reserved for when grease finally payed their debts , but i 'm afraid i 'd never have the chance of using it if i keep waiting ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jn0fa.jpg ), 
  excuse me what ? 
  ooga booga where da white womynz at ? 
  are we going to spam landspaces from our countries ? 
  post brothels . 
  i used to steal van rompuy 's emails but then my leg got shot with arrow . 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  sweden . 
  yes . 
  is this some sort of ... superdebt union ? 
  noone in spain hate you it 's you who is obsessed . 
  you are proud , envious , hateful , deny your roots , do n't accept the reality and are obsessed what people from outside think of you , even though they do n't really care , do n't take responsibilities and think you are special . 
  this is what people think of spain thanks to you . 
  before anyone tell me i 'm trolling and that shit that people say when they do n't have arguments : http://www.reddit.com/r/catalunya/ the catalonian subreddit 's 14 submissions are all about hating including things like '' the spanish pig '' . 
  do n't get fooled , europeans , africa starts at the pyrinees . 
  i added 3 dots to say that the list goes on . 
  feel free to add any other nation to the list which is more different than scatalonia and s-pain , which happens to be almost every region . 
  bavaria , brittany , schleswig-holstein , scotland , euskadi ... why are these scrubs filling this subreddit with their shit noone cares when there are true nations begging for independence ? 
  germany ca n't waste more dosh until they get me 2 or 3 submarines . 
  of course , because we are very good allies , i can give you 1000 million $ , but you 'll have to pay it in the next 6 months with an interest of over 10000 % thousand . 
  if you ca n't pay it we 'll be glad to lend you some more money with the same rate so you can keep paying . 
  trust me we 're god 's chosen people . 
  poortugal , pay dentbs . 
  [ of course you can ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xiz1o.jpg ), 
  behead those who insult israel . 
  brittards in charge of economy . 
  wow , brainwashing you people was by far easier than i though . 
  [ 7 million ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0gkcoqsyrg ), 
  greece pay your debts . 
  jesus christ , why is reddit so obsessed with gay marriage, 
  divide and conquer . 
  if you kept your currency instead of the euro , you would have a healthy and strong economy like the uks : -- ddddd joke was self made please do not steal . 
  of course you get free education , a mansion and a lamborghinni as soon as you go to europe , but only if you take jamal and tyrone with you . 
  of course east germany was a paradise full of atheist , homosexual rights and same-sex marriage ( which has a lot of meaning in atheists societies ) , and equally well distributed resources as well as interracial marriages . 
  it was the paradise reddit dreamed , but when the wall fell , those pig imperialists from the west emigrated in mass to the heaven called east germany . 
  as planned . 
  hello , the poster above has sent me a private message to this conversation probably to get me banned . 
  i daily promote interracual marriage as well as homosexuality and atheism in western countries : dd there is no reason to ban me ( other than antisemitism ) regards, 
  and i think 14 years old like you should be banned from the internet : dddd go with your asperger somewhere else : dddd, 
  maybe if you accept the fact that your '' country '' is already half andalusian / extremenian and that you are as third world , shit hole and non-european as the rest of spain , they would stop hating on you : -- d this is sadder than etta terrorists with spanish names : -- d or an poe 's law called schweinberg . 
  maybe we should call your region scatalonia ? 
  : -- ddd joke was self made please do not steal . 
  did i touch a nerve , muditerranean ? 
  : dddd, 
  typical buttfrustrated catalonian that wanted to be french but got rejected , so they pay their buttfrustration with the rest of spain not thinking that the only reason you 're wealthy is because franco gave you privileges as well as the best professionals from the rest of spain : ddd but you betrayed him and now you 're condemned to pay '' for the rest of spain '' : dddd,
