  pretty sure they are asking for help to the rest of spain : ddd :d -- dddd, 
  spain , pay your debts . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  reposters even reposts while the original is on the front . 
  anyway , go post this shit in / r/africa , this is the european subreddit . 
  thiny veiled antisemitism thread, 
  prove it . 
  can anyone explain me since when muditerraneans became europeans ? 
  enjoy your fukushimas . 
  of course it works well , there is no real culture in the us , canada or australia . 
  it was pretty easy to enslave your kind . 
  it is n't meant to be spoken by lesser races, 
  1 - go to south america 2 - blanda upp 3 - kids go to ( soon not to be ) white part of europe thanks to the eu 4 - ??? 
  5 - profiting 's, 
  [  i 'll start to pack the suitcase . 
  i 'm not going to pay for the stupidity of others . 
  should greece sell their islands to pay their debts ? 
  i supermad, 
  and i am losing my patience with the spaniards . 
  where is my money ? 
  he 's serbian , do n't ask him to remember so much . 
  it 's not how much you debt but if you are able to keep paying . 
  i 'll never go away , deal with it . 
  also you have only made this comment to get upvotes, 
  greece pay your debts . 
  wait a sec , are u trying to gas me again ? 
  i wish i could do this here but for somewhat reason countries around hate me . 
  bwa hahahahahahahaha, 
  read again , they do n't stay in greece , they use it to flee to the north . 
  it 's north europeans duty to be sure these immigrants are supplied with welfare , white women and respect their religions ( voodoo/islam ) . 
  greece pay your debts, 
  we win wars we set the rules . 
  deal with it . 
  better late then never, 
  i am not even going to bother to state my opinion , since whatever it is the same retards as usual will downvote , insult me ( antisemitic insults as usual ) and then call me troll . 
  atlleast israel exists , '' ulster '', 
  have n't we agreed that uk is not europe anymore ? 
  they better start one as soon as possible and get some quality computers , russians fucking ruin every videogame they join by giving lag to everyone in the server with their wiuboms 83 starter edition . 
  does this really surprise anyone ? 
  once a pirate , always a pirate . 
  this is very offensive , use [ my official personal presentation card ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mb1x4.jpg ) instead of calling me names next time . 
  i 'm not whining , i am complaining because i 'd rather talk than send america to kick your ass ( again ) until you learn who is your overlord . 
  get a load of this goyim . 
  cut people have a perfectly normal life and sexual life . 
  can you say cutting off your nails is mutilating ? 
  this is just thiny veiled antisemitims . 
  this is being by far easier than we though . 
  do n't forget to give your white women to africans and south europeans ( which are africans too ) after you become homosexual . 
  nice , this was nothing but a childish attack . 
  they do n't really care about the kids or if it is really such a big deal of procedure , it was just plain antisemitism . 
  finnland , this is pig disgusting . 
  do n't forget to culturally enrich white women while you are there , spaniards . 
  spain , pay your debts . 
  oh noes they took my right to steal from the internet, 
  europe is their excuse for having such shitty economy '' hey we 're poor because of europe not our fault piiggs '' . 
  the truth is that the uk always wanted to be usa 's bitch , but we are overly attached country and do n't let usa see other countries . 
  pay your debts . 
  wow . 
  are people this anti semitic these days ? 
  oh oh looks like someone needs to be culturally enriched . 
  do you really think the police of your country can be affected by a regime from 35 years ago ? 
  a spanish guy told me it 's because the new police recruits in your country are drop out brutes . 
  [ deal with it . 
  greece pay your debts or i report you . 
  another grease bailout that you are not able to pay for being half turkish . 
  ta-da !, 
  where is my money grease ? 
  i just say the truth , which may be inconvenient for some and make them anal frustrated . 
  do n't confuse that with trolling . 
  go smoke some weed and burn churches to escape from reality if that makes you feel better . 
  where is my money you lazy fuck ? 
  spain pay your debts . 
  a chance to make you pay more, 
  abort mission . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  spain is already dead , so there is nothing more to do , other than take the few money they still have . 
  however sweden can still grow and be an immigrant center . 
  it 's time to stop being cavemen , embrace africa . 
  because when a country has no real problems , the unnecesary bullshit emerges everywhere . 
  it 's ok that it will support uk projects , but when will it reach europe ? 
  are you being openly antisemitic ?!, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  i bet you 're also an indian . 
   gute ** n ** nacht and then i 'm a troll . 
  get a load of this guy . 
  your average immigrant . 
   living in deutschland this is irrelevent , you 're an indian . 
  why do n't you go try to find some white person and try to force your multiculturalism ( despite the fact that you 've emigrated shows that your country is a failure ) like you 've done with easterneuropean ? 
  this is an european subreddit and you'e confessed you 're a damn indian . 
  dude , this is cheap trolling , we are trying to have an adult discussion here . 
  as planned . 
  as planned . 
  you mean krautchan , that page does n't even exist . 
  no dude this a very offensive term please stop or i 'll ahve to report you . 
  atheist extremists fail just as bad as christian extremists . 
  stop using the internet to try to change my mind about god . 
  i believe in god that does n't make me stupid or a bible humper it makes you a fag for trying to indoctrinate me and millions of others.yeah i believe in god but i also believe in freedom to do what i want and think how i want without discrimination.besides everyone knows that a little christianity kicks ass , because us christians have christmas , the best fucking holiday ever.and if your and atheist and you celebrate christmas then your a fucking hypocrite!so no present for you !, 
  get the hint , southerns . 
  go to berlin . 
  [ come at me bro ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/501/come-at-me-bro.jpg ) .
