  greece pay your debts . 
  1 - steal soil 2 - replace the population with brits 3 - make a referendum 4 - surprise !, 
  they think they 're british !, 
   saxony half slavs nazis , why not jewish nazis ? 
  what is the favorite bank of the spaniards ? 
  the bank rupt : ddd original joke self made please do not steal, 
  butthurt piig ; it 's not trolling when saying the truth . 
  finland and netherlands , i am proud of you . 
  just kick the [ piiggs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pigs_ ( economics ) they still can sleep siestas all day without money why do we have to give them money and englandstan can keep their arabitation outside the eu suomi on paras . 
  what the hell does this have to do with europe ? 
  spain pay your debts . 
  greece maksa velat . 
  greece maksa velat . 
  greece maksa velat . 
  greece pay your denbts . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  greece , pay your debts . 
  stop spreading lies , jamal . 
  no , you are not , you are arab . 
  and '' nordic people '' are half mongol ( fingolia , swingolia , norgolia ) . 
   live leak link  no gore at all downvoted . 
  not true . 
  also if you are living abroad even in the eu you should have a passport for your security 's sake . 
   a good norwegian family  the support of family is vital in norway . 
  a norwegian family can teach  you how to live , how to eat and how to be happy . 
  god dammit i 've been death for all this time . 
  any norwegian out there to teach me how to live ? 
  also if i do n't shove food up my ear , then how am i supposed to eat . 
  greece pay your debts . 
   roma  culture pick one . 
  who are you trying to convince , tyrone ? 
  a dog born in a stable is not a horse . 
  nice google translator , now give me a kebab . 
  just because you 're having a swedish flair does n't mean you are swedish , now go to bed , muhammed . 
  but that 's a moroccan , not a swede . 
  greece , pay your debts . 
  [ greece pay your debts ] ( http://cdn.theblemish.com/images/2008/11/john-travolta-bald-500x488.jpg ), 
  it 's all america 's fault and their jewish overlords , thinking that it 's ok for everyone to come to europe , when in reality it only makes the life worse for both people that receive them and immigrants themselves . 
  if you have no personal reason to go elsewhere , then do n't . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  because anglophones are too stupid to learn a new language . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  '' euroland '' is this guy retarded ? 
  wait he 's british sorry for the redundance . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  you 're not a real brit, 
   eurovision is the most watched non-sporting event ? 
  god does n't exist . 
  the uk talking about economy ? 
  let 's also put hitler in charge of multiculturalism . 
  the brits are fool enough to believe him anyway . 
  yes , it was really suspicious that , suddenly , when south europe drown in shit , germany suddenly rises . 
  you can see from hungary to spain '' aldis , mediamarkts , lidl ... '' with everything made in germany . 
  this strategy is pig disgusting cockroach british level , i did n't expect it from germany . 
  germany died in 1930 . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  greece pay your debts, 
  how does it feel when even belarus is a better place to raise your children than your country , americans ? 
  greece pay your debts . 
  greece pay your debts . 
  greece pay your debts, 
  is this antichristianity ? 
  all my upvotes, 
  whatever , it 's over , your country is finished . 
  it 's called karma . 
  are there any real americans in the usa ? 
  or are everyone german-american , anglo-american , african-american , macedonic-america chinese-american and whatnot . 
  why does this only happens in that country ? 
  [ krautchan ] ( http://www.krautchan.net ) this way . 
  americans saying that they are germans do n't need to apply . 
  it 's ... the same as every immigrant , the only difference is that you have to deal with less burocracy . 
  comparing the most competitive economy to one that was condemned to fail . 
  the failure of british press credibility in one webpage . 
   fluent - 863 - 58.75 % i bet this is not true . 
  advanced would be the correct answer , not fluent for most of people that has choosen the last one . 
  at first i did a [ facepalm ] ( http://allthingsd.com/files/2011/11/double_facepalm.png ) but then i saw the canadian flag and understood why you do n't know how things work here . 
  because hitler did n't accept slavs ? 
  this is as sad as a jewish nazi . 
  it 's funny that the fascism is rising in excommunist countries . 
  the problem is that it does n't matter how much money we throw if it is n't spent on actually producing something to export . 
  it 's only a way to postpone the problem a few years . 
  [ serja strong !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvalwjntmd4&amp;feature=related ), 
  nah you 've only imported half africans as slaves . 
  you best be orcing ( orcing is a poor attempt of trolling ) . 
  brits along with poortuguese made hitler look like a angel . 
  oh oh looks like this goyim needs to be culturally enriched . 
  there are no whites in america . 
  good news for bayern . 
  i used to be against bullfighting , which at the end of the interview you can clearly see it was the only point , but a mexican explained me how the only thing bulls do is eat , fuck and sleep in huge prairies and how the bull would extinguish if bullfigthing dissapeared . 
  well , if people are trusting . co.uk sites , why not '' chinadaily '' ? 
  kanake everywhere . 
  oh noes germany is giving money to their veterans that were forced to join the army . 
  this is what i wanted to say it can only be bad for portugal and good ( in short term ) for germany . 
  why do n't you try to save your country instead of shitting up others ? 
  glorious german maturity and ordnung . 
  might vote to the weed legalization party as well . 
  because there is n't a colony of italians living like cockroaches with houses made by the shit they find in containers , by stealing copper and being burglars while the women give their babies to eachother to beg for money .
