i ca n't stand your bravery, 
  140 upvotes and 55 comments . 
  are you guys nazis or something ? 
  finns are different from scandinavians . 
  scandinavians are germanics and nordics and belong to an entire different language family . 
  finns are typically much heavier and coarser built and mostly of a rather extreme variety of the east baltic , and often they show visual similarities with the sami . 
  it is a myth spread by finns that they are nordic . 
  they are not . 
  nordic admixture has been introduced more recently through swedish admixture but it 's not enough to conceal their basic uralic/eastern race . 
  they are fundamentally non-nordic and eastern uralic and sometimes slavic in type . 
  their very heavy east baltic type lacks the refinement and gracility that you see in nordic types , and even in some east baltics in scandinavia . 
  something you see often in finns is their lack of a developed nose bridge . 
  it is very often flattish the way you see in mongoloid races , and their eyes rather often show different stages of an epicanthic fold . 
  their faces are typically broad and rounded , their bone structure larger , and their noses are often short and sometimes upturned and broad at the tip . 
  overall their appearance is rather mongoloid and uralic , making it obvious that their race has eastern origin . 
  finnish sub racial types appear to be dominant in a similar way that asian is dominant over caucasian , and spread easily in scandinavia . 
  it is a pity since it is at the expense of true nordic types . 
  in the interest of the preservation of nordic races these should be kept more separate as the more recessive and gracile nordic types such as the hallstatt nordic seems to become more rare as the finnish ones spread and become more common . 
  i believe finns have been `` responsible '' for damaging the scandinavian/nordic sub races more than any other group of people . 
  their migration into scandinavia has introduced their coarser and eastern types into the general population in a way that has proven to be damaging to nordic sub races . 
  regards . 
  oh my god i 've included east germany and belgium . 
  i am so sorry you had to see this . 
  1 - [ create a new union with countries inside the red figure ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h9z5k.gif ) 2 - kick out everyone who is n't from there 3-profit 4 - ??? 
  finland , i 'm proud of you . 
  spain , pay your debts . 
  pay your debts . 
  of course it is a problem but do n't expect any serious answer here as this place is full of muslims , weak leftists uncappable of dealing with problems and ignorants that are not able to see the conflict . 
  the only answer you 'll get is '' fug off returd athiems 5ever ur trol x -- ddd '' . 
  they do n't really have any argument . 
  it 's like i 'm in 2009, 
   stop having ideas that i do n't like, 
  this is what happens when you air cartoons for adults during kid 's time . 
   why do n't they care about us ? 
  they may not care about us . 
  but they are trying damn hard to get as many of their kind here at any cost . 
  envy . 
  by the way the biggest enemies of europe are in there already ( piiggs ) extra g for great britain . 
  / thread, 
  i clicked on finland and the news were on englis hand swedish . 
  blacklisted the website . 
  but it is, 
  lol freedom speech, 
  5/5 tastes salami, 
  assburger, 
  ebin : -- ddddd, 
  asperger , pay your debts . 
  you mean football , not soccer . 
   moldovan league fascinating . 
  x -- dddddddddddddddd, 
  it got that way by default , reddit ca n't program shit . 
   spd stopped reading there . 
  [ and now this guy , who just threw up 2 or 3 insults , is getting upvoted instead . 
  / r/europe never stops to amuse me . 
   let 's look at the facts : muslims account for less than 4 % of germany 's population i ca n't believe 4 % is seen to be a few nowadays . 
   community that his flourished without major incident for more than 50 years . 
  drugs , violence and poor integration . 
  minor flaws that make a huge one . 
  germans took turks hoping that they 'd get back like spaniards or italians did . 
   most canadian cities are majority non-white , non-christian . 
  and yet , we do n't have parades dedicated to harassing immigrants and their cultures . 
  because you have no culture just like america , that 's why '' integration '' seem to be working very well , there is nothing to integrate . 
   so why is it that canadians can peacefully co-exist with their foreign compatriots because , as well as what i said above , you only allow the best of the best in there , we have to deal with the not so good here . 
   is this more about ethnicity than religion ? 
  it 's something it seems you 'll never understand . 
  wait a second , pooland is jumping in the bandwagon too ? 
  christianity and judaism are the only official religions in germany , you are not secular , make dealing 's, 
  i ca n't understand the police in norway , is it that bad ? 
  outsmarted by immigrants ( all rape cases in oslo in 2011 were from non-western origin persons ) and basement dwellers . 
  china for chinese , africa for africans . 
  europe for everyone . 
  the only thing i heard while i was in china was ching chong whittu piggu . 
  we are not leaving until greece pay our denbts . 
  am i the only bored of linking antisemitism and anti-gypsy sentiment with hitler ? 
  it 's not that they 've not been hated for thousand of year before . 
  greece , you are my greatest ally . 
  depts forgiven . 
  germany might be a locomotive , but without those rusty wagons , a locomotive is useless . 
  do you they are doing this for solidarity ? 
  also if we are rusty wagons , east european countries are fucking tonka trucks . 
  jew york times, 
  you do n't really need to be a christian to want it banned . 
  germany 1871-1945 rip in peace you wo n't be missed, 
  spain is really a third world country . 
  africa starts at the pyrinees . 
  we should build a fence like they 've done in morocco . 
  and of course we should let them kill themselves over territorial separation thinking the rest of the world care just like north sudan and south sudan . 
   has it recovered to western standards by now ? 
  nope , it 's still a shithole, 
  the german recipe : 1 - have depts 2 - pay them, 
  an article from igeldard that is not about insult the eu ... nope , even the eu is responsible of low happines of the british workers . 
  mein kampf may be a good start on german 's dream of conquering europe . 
  pay your debts . 
  greece , pay your debts . 
  the irony is that hesse , bayern and badem wurtemberg , the catholic laender , are sustaining the protestant and atheist leeches . 
  they also happen to ne half slavic , and therefor not white . 
  italy , pay your debts . 
  you best be orcing ( orcing is a poor attempt of trolling ) . 
  / r/asia / r/america / r/africa, 
  france , you are my greatest ally .
