  i think it 's neither just a '' swiss '' that think that they are above spaniards . 
  like the '' austrians '' that prayed to allah in the cathedral ( which was a mosque ) of cordoba when it is strictly forbidden . 
  like the '' dutchs '' that spitted on the police in the frontier in ceuta when they were going to visit their family in morocco . 
  for every euro that germany has given , it has taken 10 ; your argument is invalid . 
   hitler worked - he got germany out of the great depression . 
  what he did is stop paying germany 's debt because germans were enslaved , but they had a plan . 
  monti just ca n't stop paying the debt and invade poland , you know . 
  was bild the equivalent of '' the sun '' or was it spiegel ? 
   unmaintainable population growth so government is giving aid for those who have more children , and recommend to have atleast 3 childrens to maintain retirement in the future , and the uk has imported half africa and pakistan to have more people , and now population growth is a problem ? 
  my grandfather is 86 and he still work and drive . 
  there are more portuguese outside portugal than in portugal ... 
  i think you are looking for private academies/schools . 
  as i was a kid , my english teacher from the usa could barely talk the language here , even though he has spent 20 years , has married to a native girl and has 2 kids . 
  you better send your curriculum to them , it is for sure what you are looking for . 
  luck . 
  fear no more , america got their mexicans an europe has their south europe to blame for everything and call them names . 
  they are the new blacks/jews . 
  the euro could n't have been better ... for germany, 
  those are not news . 
  it 's a biased opinion , and nowadays people care about gb as much as the separation of north and south sudan, 
  nice , hopefully brit posters future is in / r/politics, 
  why do n't you post this in / r/italy like you post everything about the uk in / r/uk ? 
  and no , adding '' euro sinks '' does n't make this thread related to europe , unlike you want to re-program this spambot to also add uk-related posts here . 
  oh come on why downvoting this ? 
  i will send one , too , but i do n't know if it will reach too late . 
  nato is designed to serve the usa and does n't matter if you are a fascist nation , a radical islamic country or the son of the devil . 
  and there are 3 official languages in switzerland , or 4 official languages in spain , but there are cultural and historical differences . 
  i bet you do n't , being serbian , want that turkish becomes an official language in your country . 
  because it 's not your country and you must speak their language and adapt to them . 
  that attitude fuels ghettos and isolation between communities , which eventually leads to conflicts and racism . 
  i would flood this reddit with how dull the future of england is everyday , but i do n't want to be as sad as british posters . 
  it seems like ( yet ) another catastrophist article . 
  no , you ca n't compare the situation of greece with spain . 
  i do n't know where to start , so i will summarize with an example . 
  it 's like people here in europe says '' china will eventually overcome the usa and will dominate the world '' for about 40 years , when most european people that say that do n't really know what is going on in the usa or china . 
  i know you are being ironic , but i have yet to meet a single greek/spaniard that has n't emigrated there without finishing the university , and more important , i have yet to see a country that has '' integration '' problem with greeks or spaniards . 
  i guess i touched a nerver by telling the truth ? 
  i guess the culture-less germanboo american squad do n't like to get told ? 
  again , i 'm just trying to help you . 
  why is genocide between '' ? 
  it was a genocide . 
  i 'm just trying to help you ; noone accepts you as a german . 
  do n't you know how pathetic you people sound ? 
   the first use of piigs that i can find is in a german book , if it was in the guardian it 'd be cited there . 
   it 's not a racial and national slur . 
   you can compare anything against anything else . 
  you can compare piigs against cheap wwii nazi propaganda against jews in the same way that you can compare an apple against an anvil . 
  because they started the racial and national slur '' piigs '' , even though england is in a comparable economic situation . 
  and most important , that insult and their articles can be easily compared to the cheap wwii nazi propaganda against jews . 
  so noone can understand it . 
  there are a lot of online newspaper from different countries in english but sadly only bbshit and the \u534dguardian are posted . 
  try [ spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/ ) , [ le monde ] ( http://mondediplo.com/ ) ... 
  yes i 'm sure most of us can speak 3 or 4 different languages but all of us can somewhat talk and understand in english and that 's the point , this just excludes people . 
  this is just a reminder on who is trying to give economy lessons to us . 
  of course this link is a xpost from r/unitedkingdom , the subreddit that is raiding us . 
  oh look , it 's this thread again . 
  telling the truth will surely help the citizen to learn who to trust . 
  inb4 butthurt british cockroaches downvoting . 
  maybe if british cockroaches stopped flooding the subreddit with their shitty , irrelevant press , i would consider opening it . 
  you better learn german since america ( the country that makes your language relevant ) is losing its sovereignty . 
  another quality thread brought to you by igeldard . 
   ( telegraph.co.uk ) not even bothering to open it . 
  this is a different point of view ; sadly the only alternative we have to the biased , misinformed , and sensationalist british press . 
  well , there are huge differences between each german '' state '' ; you can compare east germany with morocco . 
  for the uk press and public opinion ? 
  never until today, 
  sweden , czech republic and hungary are relevant , important countries for the uk press . 
  actually the entrance of spain into the eu is what killed that country . 
  the eu gave money in exchange of closing a lot of industry to not compete with other eu members . 
  ** and my axe **, 
  with the current state of the british economy , insulting other countries because of how they are doing is like the vomit calling the shit smelly . 
  germans already got their own crisis a few years ago . 
  so the toilet restriction is in a region of spain , not in whole spain . 
  it also clearly states the '' excessive consumption '' . 
  this means , just like '' telegraph '' , you 've used a sensationalist title to keep your fellow compatriots misinformed . 
  another quality thread brought to you by england . 
   because we 're do n't consider ourselves spaniards nor does anyone outside madrid . 
   because we think that we 're old enough to decide for ourselves what is better for our interests . 
  andalusia is much older and they were in '' catalonia '' before '' catalonia '' existed . 
  beware of that argument . 
   because we pay higher taxes and receive less investments/services from the central government . 
  the fiscal deficit is over 10 % , in germany , the l\u00e4nder with the highest fiscal deficit has it at around 4 % . 
  yeah , franco condemned the south of spain to become a shithole by sending their most capables to catalunya , and you expected not to pay for it ? 
  also the ii wolrd war started because of nationalism , the european union was created to avoid nationalism . 
  get with the times ; we are trying to create an united europe while you are trying to segregate . 
  well germany is imposing whatever they want because they are the healthiest economy and atleast they are offering solutions unlike scumbag uk . 
  you people seem to be aware and very informet about prostitution . 
  [ of course . 
  ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=eurpean+fiscal+union ), 
  i 've been living in france , spain , portugal , italy , germany , uk , denmark and poland . 
  i did exactly the same on every country , just with a different language . 
  from what i have read , i liked the article , but this is the definition of tl ; dr, 
   you 're a spaniard so wrong . 
   oh yes i am from the usa i love germany i am 1/8 german and i took 2 years of german at the university and may move there and change my name to 14 88 and bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla hamburg hamburg hamburg hamburg that was imitating the usa bigots and how pathetic they sound . 
  i am not from the usa , of course you are reported for distorting the context with the only purpose of insulting . 
   txampion , the legendary pro-european , as long as those europeans are n't `` backwards bigoted germans '' . 
  yes i am against bigotry and backward people ; being pro-european = / = being a backward bigoted german . 
  see the difference ? 
  we are posting in a thread talking about this topic ; i would n't post that on a different thread . 
  making every discussion about every topic related to them ( this meta-thread is a proof ) and flooding with 4chan-quality posts to start a shitstorm .
