  because even the most antifascist and antiracist person just do n't defend them because they ca n't . 
  it 's not about the '' race '' it 's about the lifestyle . 
   butthurt get back to 4chan . 
  it depends for what do you want to go . 
  history and old places -  south europe , either spain or italy . 
  go to berlin to party hard . 
  i know , i just pointed it out as a funny fact . 
  but there is still death penalty in [ hesse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_hesse ), 
  no wonder why it 's so similar there are more americans in germany than turks . 
  i would but i am apparently a '' troll fat faggot '' and whatever more personal insults that people throw to me on this website when i say a fact about the uk . 
  noone care about the life of a piig . 
  right , british ? 
  i know , which is a pity because it 's one of the few things that the usa does right . 
   do you ever leave your house ? 
  hurr i am calling people nerd on the internet . 
   many intellectuals of the weimar republic thought that way . 
  ` this is too stupid and offending to ever take hold . 
  whoops . ', 
  but germany is n't a shithole devastated by the war now . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've been living in sachsen for 6 months and never saw '' nazis '' . 
  by the way this is called ` freedom of speech ' and you can do nothing but ignore it , it will eventually disappear . 
  the op is asking europeans , not brits . 
  my opinions are facts . 
  it 's called eurovision, 
  i hope not . 
  since franco castrated the south of spain to make the north rich , that country can not afford another corrupt zone . 
  fun fact : most of the german '' neonazis '' are located in the old ddr ( east germany ) . 
  they are half slavs , 46,000 east germans emigrate out there every year even though they 've been parasiting to '' rebuild '' from the rest . 
  thanks for posting the article on the title, 
  what ?!, 
  you dare to deny the shoah , you antisemitic nazi ? 
  looks like someone need to be culturally enriched . 
  now give me your money , stupid goyim . 
  / r/askscience, 
  [ this ] ( http://imagemacros.files.wordpress.com/2009/08/im_so_british.jpg ), 
  the creator of this subreddit has strictly forbidden these kind of images . 
  yet brittards kept upvoting . 
  this subreddit would be much better if brittards got perma-range-banned . 
  in fact , the world would be much better without brittards . 
  why does n't eastern europe do basic things , such as separating the rubbish to recycle , before they start saving the internet ? 
  thanks , mr. backseat moderator . 
  i 've seen the photos in dresden itself and they were far more terrible than the concentration camps . 
  it does n't really matter for the germans because they lost the war and that mean there were no childs , women and innocent people , there were only nazi scrub there . 
  also , nazis ? 
  have we just begun the xx century again ? 
  get over it , krauts . 
  so when they attacked europe , brittards accepted and loathed them . 
  check out their comments now that they are aiming to them . 
  well it would be stupid standart and poor 's and their minions attacked their own people . 
  i just do n't understand how people still trust murrika after things like the lehmann 's brother . 
  it 's the shit calling the vomit smelly . 
  serbia strong, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_area ireland is n't in schengen area you tool . 
  yep , every individual is different , and with the recent mass-immigration this is less and less relevant and unaccurate . 
  i hope these kind of posts does n't get frequent here , 2 webpages i visit permaban people that start posting about this due to the shitstorm it releases by people that do n't understand what it really means . 
  gets life sentence . 
  * it 's a shame that we still have to deal with such radicalism in the xxi century . 
  hopefully , after americans have been kicked out , we 'll not have to deal with fundamentalists ( from both sides ) and attacks such as 7th july in london or 11 march in madrid . 
   people who are against acta have eaten some seeds and not the kind you put into soil . 
  excuse me what ? 
  how is the university not offering a house ? 
  it 's written in english , so they are n't aiming to german . 
  you are an awful peron . 
  i was being ironic , though . 
  i already know the article is going to be utter shit when i read '' . co.uk '', 
  another quality article brought to you by guardian . 
  oh look , it 's that german that knows the solution to all the problems . 
   german taxpayers why not european taxpayers ? 
  even portugal or ireland ( !!! ), 
  is actually paying, 
  it was so easy to '' pirate '' anything before the internet . 
  turkey europe now, 
  first they came for the pirates . 
  and i did n't speak out because i was n't a pirate . 
  i do n't know what 's worse . 
  brits or self-loathing germans . 
   that most americans making a similar salary could only dream of most americans have the same benefits . 
  they make up their ancestry to emmigrate to germany . 
  they are ( after turks ) the most numerous immigrant group . 
  it 's +1 c\u00ba in freiburg and a splendid sun . 
  i wonder what [ kind of persons ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z6pk3.jpg ) have upvoted it . 
  i read the first comment with a list of retarded topics and stopped reading there . 
  it 's baden-w\u00fcrteberg , hesse and bayern who fuels the country . 
  after the wwii , they started their with a strong economy thanks to the american investment . 
  the rest of the country is comparable to poland . 
  there is no day my bavarian pal do n't tell me how he is sick of paying for those '' sauprei\u00df '' leeches . 
  at last , some winter . 
  great now we can get enslaved by china like the usa . 
  i think this is almost everywhere , you are lucky you 're getting it late . 
  i 'm not antisemite but i 'm sick of jews . 
  i mean we 've let them literally exterminate an ethnic group to build their country because they got exterminated . 
  just get over it . 
  a german guy also called jews rats . 
  [ serbia strong ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvalwjntmd4 ), 
  i don \u00b4 t know why are you so butthurt , remember that you are reading an article from the same newspaper that said that the european union was the 4th reich or call countries and their people \u00b4 \u00b4 piiegs \u00b4 \u00b4 . 
  excuse me , what ? 
  wow there are 700 frenchs and 170 spaniards in poland , and i know 5 of them from each country that live there . 
  impressive . 
  fear no more !,
