  that 's awesome , thanks !, 
  he did n't quote you btw , but we can all read between the lines . 
  oh , it does , but most people have correctly surmised that it is abhorrent and are happy to ignore it . 
  the god of the old testament did n't fuck around . 
  is it convincing when you hold it in your hands as well ? 
  or is the texture different ? 
  it looks pretty good in a picture ( even has a watermark and the holographic thingy ) , i can imagine it fooling someone who 's not paying attention . 
  personally , i do n't think turkey is any significant threat to german dominance in the eu , even if they did join . 
  they are a minor regional power who happens to be on the crossroads of east and west . 
  their reach is severely overestimated at the moment because of tensions in the region , but after that settles , they 're back to making hookas and carpets . 
   no matter what the case is , it wont happen  the only way merkel would ever let turkey join uhhh ... 
  probably , i never thought she did , it 's just the previous post that makes it sound like that . 
  that balance of power is subject to change as well , and i believe she could change her mind re . 
  turkey if she thought it was in the best interest of germany . 
  nothing is set in stone , least of all politics . 
  and you , i am assuming , are an american with very skewed views of what left and right politics are like outside of the us . 
  just because she 's right leaning does n't mean she 's a raging xenophobe . 
  no thanks . 
  but i will get my kids vaccinated to protect you and yours , even though you clearly do n't deserve it . 
  you took it upon yourself to decide whether something is a public health risk and came to the wrong conclusion which is now endangering others . 
  but are fine with putting other 's lives in danger as long as the `` medical inspector '' is you . 
  ah , i did n't know about that . 
  not really . 
  most of those buildings are shells only , they look great on the outside , but on the inside it 's literally medieval . 
  i 've witnessed stray cats giving birth in one of their ministries . 
  ( which looks great on the outside too ) the front entrance ( for visitors ) is all marble and has 3 mercedes s-classes parked in front of it all the time . 
  the back entrance ( for employees ) is a hole in the wall with a dirt path leading to it . 
  both entrances lead into the same hallway . 
  not even kidding . 
  azerbaijan 's building boom is a kind of social program : the goal is n't to make a ton of buildings , it 's to provide a ton of jobs . 
  azerbaijan has no social programs to speak of otherwise . 
  i never said what you quoted . 
  greek reluctance to reform is public knowledge . 
  there are weekly reports on greek debt in pretty much every newspaper with a financial section . 
  ( tl ; dr : greece is counting on it 's debt being erased at some point , that 's why the reforms are surface deep and completely ineffective . 
  there is no plan b and reforms are only going to be more painful as time goes on , so unless the debt gets erased greece is f 'd . 
  lenders are the only ones gaining from the situation as it is . ), 
  i agree with this assessment , not least because it 's * the * balkan way to go . 
  half assed & `` she 'll be alright '' all the way . 
  it comes from the fact that your tax and pension systems still have n't been structurally reformed after 9 years . 
  you could do that , but that would be dodging the question . 
  i would n't recommend that , given your existing reputation for dodging ( taxes ) . 
   based on the above source ? 
  no , but at least that would be an attempt at `` something '' . 
  so far we 've seen mostly `` nothing '' . 
  you have enough control to reform your tax and pension systems , why do n't you start there ? 
  you need to condense this down and ramble less . 
  i ca n't spare the time to go through that . 
  edit : you seem aware of a number of blunders that happened during the invasion , then understand that it was not hard to predict that they would happen . 
  there was no reason an outside observer would think that a military intervention could result in positive changes , the history of that part of the world speaks for itself . 
  do you actually believe that bombing their infrastructure for a decade and causing the deaths of about half a million people has nothing to do with why they are leaving in droves ? 
  i ask you , why are n't mongolians immigrating in droves into europe , if it 's truly our generosity that attracts immigration ? 
  no , it 's afghans , syrians and iraqis . 
  and what do those three have in common ? 
  hmm . 
  do you just chalk it up to coincidence ? 
   get those hands nice and clean how nice of you to take them at their word . 
  no way that could backfire . 
  where was this good will when they were swearing ( truthfully ) up and down that they had no wmds ? 
  i 'm sure all those refugees think that was incredibly generous of you . 
  not to mention effective . 
  did i imply the contrary ? 
  brits were first in line to join and contributed the most to the destabilization . 
  now they 're the first to wash their hands of the matter while complaining the loudest . 
  brits foresaw nothing . 
  they rushed headlong to join the us in destabilizing the middle east , even though people were warning that there was no plan beyond `` fuck shit up '' and that europe , ultimately , would have to deal with the fallout . 
  i 'll take that as a `` yes '' . 
  how one gets from `` quid-pro-quo '' to leech is beyond me though . 
  so i guess i need to ask you , why do you think the uk kept paying all this time ? 
  that 's not down to eu bureaucracy though , it 's the reality of living on a post-industrial island nation . 
  it 's not likely to change . 
  do you think the uk was just being super generous all this time ? 
  in currency perhaps , but not in any other measure . 
  it carefully avoided most of the 2008 recovery efforts for example and refused to participate in any eu project that did n't directly benefit it . 
  it was always a quid-pro-quo arrangement with the uk , the continent gave up plenty to accommodate it . 
  i 'm just trying to give you a different perspective . 
  what the eu wanted was a team player not a donor , because your participation has more value than your bank account . 
  because your contributions always came with strings attached , usually to the detriment of the continent . 
  while that could be tolerated within a union , it ca n't be outside one . 
  the view from the continent is that you 've been getting a steady diet of carrots for the last couple of decades . 
  clearly that did n't work . 
  if you think of the situation as a married couple separating : do you think it makes sense to keep buying diamond rings for your wife after she handed you divorce papers and lawyered up ? 
  they were nationalist when they were in power too . 
  obviously that is n't what defines them as anti-establishment . 
  how so ? 
  they 've been around for 60 + years , have a ~ 20 % representation in austrian governmental positions and even held power for ~ 5 years ( 2000-05 ) . 
  can you define what `` establishment '' means to you , please ? 
  internalize , repeat and remember . 
  i thought you were responding to another post of mine , sorry . 
  it did seem out of place . 
  i 'm curious though , what do you think this is about ? 
  clearly we are all aware how it ended , what is crucial is what happened before that . 
  i want them to admit they did it , as perpetrators . 
  ~ ~ now imagine for a moment if the british had an annual celebration of the day they stopped burying enemy soldiers in the sand . 
  that 's what 's happening right now . ~ ~, 
  please demonstrate how ignorance ( an emergent property of intangible minds ) can be tangible . 
  i think what you really meant was `` stupid people '' not `` ignorance '' . 
  see : compartmentalization . 
  or do you actually believe * only * the ignorant went along with/joined the fascists ? 
  this is the official position of the italian state and the prevalent opinion of italian posters in this thread .
