that 's an awful excuse . 
  if it 's true , it would diminish my view of them even more . 
  it would mean that they do n't behave badly out of ignorance ( which i can understand ) but out of indifference . 
  it would mean that they understand that their behavior is not desireable but choose to ignore that fact when they see fit . 
  simply disgusting . 
  i did n't ask them if they were estonian born russian or just straight up russian , it was n't on my list of priorities at the time . 
  i 'm going to assume they were plain russian because they had russian passports . 
  our chinese guests had some things in common with our russian ones , they both seemed to expect that they can continue to behave as they do at home and get the same results . 
  unlike the russians though , none of the chinese ever got shouty or violent when they were refused . 
  british tourists have a reputation for being badly behaved drunks , though that is probably down to the above average number of younger backpacker types that we get from the uk . 
  the non-youth brits have been nothing but exemplary . 
  germans are mostly retirees and families with kids . 
  boring , but very agreeable . 
  they have a dysfunctional society and that society gives birth to dysfunctional people . 
  it might not be intrinsic , but as it is essentially hereditary , it 's the next best ( or worst , w/e ) thing . 
  regrettably , the sentiment expressed before is a genuinely useful rule of thumb . 
  ( source : worked in the tourism industry , had russian guests , saw some sh * t ), 
  and how would you determine if an immigrant really abandoned their culture ? 
  thought police ? 
  russia effectively claimed territory of a neighbor without regard for international law . 
  it 's pretty hard to take anything russia says seriously , until it pulls back . 
  you know the situation is properly fucked when it 's impossible to tell if you 're serious . 
  i hope not . 
  is `` enlightened '' some kind of code for `` oppressive '' then ? 
  i fail to see how a wall could be considered enlightened . 
  out of curiosity , what exactly would you consider to be an enlightened immigration policy ( sans quote marks ) ? 
  3 out of 4 , what does that get me ? 
  fuck me , that has to be one of the shittiest websites to ever exist . 
  i 'm running a pretty decent machine and it grinds to a dead halt when the independent is loading . 
  ah , well , in that case good news : that 's basically how it is . 
  maybe i was sending the wrong message , i did n't mean to imply that all farming in the eu should be done using old fashioned ways . 
  most are already quite modern and there are even some huge industrial style ones . 
  i mostly wanted to point out that that kind of industrialization is n't possible everywhere ( like souther europe ) and even if it was , it would n't necessarily be beneficial . 
  before i continue , why do you think tourists come to europe ? 
  what is it about ( for example ) venice that makes it stand out so ? 
  what makes the genuine article interesting over , say , the venetian in las vegas ? 
  if it 's true that culture is just surface deep and easily replicable , everyone would be building recreations left and right . 
  why is n't that the case ? 
  there is such a thing as a `` genuine '' experience . 
  and in europe that `` genuineness '' includes all the history of the place . 
  including the archaic parts . 
  funny , i work with 0s and 1s too . 
  i do n't think that the standard of living ( per capita gdp , basically ) is the only relevant metric . 
  if people are happy to live with less , i do n't feel i have the right to tell them ( or force them to do ) otherwise . 
  sustainability and eco-friendliness are n't just labels any more either , they have real added value for some customers , so low intensity farming is n't necessarily a less profitable business . 
  southern europe is also a tourist paradise , largely because it is n't spoiled by industries and massive metropolitan areas . 
  is it worth giving up one of the most beautiful , iconic regions of the world to increase farming efficiency ? 
  i do n't think so , and a lot of people will likely agree with me . 
  we 're talking about the literal literal cradle of western civilization here , not some dusty backwater . 
  the numbers are n't drastically different in the eu vs the us regarding agriculture employment anyway . 
  it 's at about 5 % eu wide , with italy and france being notable standouts at 12 % and 11 % respectively . 
  it 's hard to put into words the kind of affections farmers have for their land here . 
  land is n't just a source of income , it 's home and its family . 
  it 's one thing to buy off a family who got their land for basically nothing during the expansion west , and another to buy land from a farmer whose predecessors , perhaps going back centuries , are buried there . 
  they bled and died for the right to keep their land , both in face of national interests and foreign invaders . 
  i think trying to get old-timey farmers here to sell their land would be roughly like trying to get the indigenous tribes of north america to sell their ancestral land . 
  and not only is it nearly impossible ( legally ) it 's also political suicide . 
  mechanization ? 
  do you think farming in the eu is done manually ? 
  industrialization of agriculture is what you are thinking about , and that is very much harder to achieve in europe . 
  there is no `` large scale '' farming in europe because there are no large farms . 
  through the centuries land was passed from one person to his children , bought and sold piecemeal , splitting the land many times , resulting in a very fragmented farmland with an extremely complex ownership structure . 
  farmers who only own a small patch of land ca n't afford to industrialize to the degree that is possible in the `` new world '' where there is no historical baggage regarding land ownership ( or where that baggage is conveniently swept under the rug ) . 
  add to that more stringent environmental directives , and industrialization becomes virtually impossible . 
  there were attempts to colectivize farmland in the past ( mostly behind the iron curtain ) , but those have n't been very successful . 
  this kind of low intensity farming is also often seen as being part of the broader national heritage , so attempts to reform it are seen not only as economic but also cultural issues . 
  vat , ctt and land tax all have a real world history , far from `` fiction '' . 
  i can see how a general ctt/ftt could have it 's benefits in a purely corporate economy tho . 
  that 's great , but until someone outlines what that `` new system '' would look like , it 's nothing but fiction . 
  do n't expect people to take you remotely seriously . 
  it 's called unanimity . 
  not very common , but it 's for sure still democracy . 
  you might want to not mention yugoslavia . 
  the only reason yugoslavia was `` allowed '' to exist in the first place was to serve as a buffer against soviet expansion . 
  which was very , very real . 
  is rt getting banned ? 
  are they filtering rt on the net ? 
  anyone can look them up if they want to , as it should be . 
  i see no need to afford a foreign government mouthpiece the same protections that apply to journalism tho . 
  north korea could in fact point out a chinese violation of free speech and be correct . 
  for example : nk could say that china suppresses discussion of the tiananmen square protests , which is absolutely true . 
  nks own record on free speech has no bearing on whether chinese suppresion of the protest constitutes a violation of free speech . 
  i did n't think that would be a hard concept to grasp . 
  this is a discussion of country a doing x. 
  you pointed out that country b also does x without addressing the point of the discussion , which is textbook whataboutism . 
  feel free to point out any hypocrisy you want , but understand it has no bearing on this specific case . 
  ie , it does n't matter how many other countries meddle in others affairs , doing it again is n't any less deplorable or illegal just because there is more precedent . 
  totally coincidentally , [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) is a rt staple . 
  and pointing out [ tretement of minorities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ) is almost a russian tradition at this point, 
  one state trying to influence the internal affairs of another . 
  rt being part of the russian government , it 's propaganda could be viewed as hostile action against a sovereign nation . 
  because i 'm not suggesting the installed government be democratic in any way . 
  it should be authoritarian , but more aligned with the west . 
  install a western puppet government or let the least heavy handed autocrat gain power . 
  iraq was in many ways a more functional country when saddam was in power , same with libya and gaddafi . 
  hysteresis my old friend ... 
  [ knock yourself out ] ( http://www.freeonlinegames.com/game/build-a-wall ), 
  there is always the possibility that there are private interests within irelands government that are n't exactly public . 
  or legal . 
  in the same way that practicing muslims are `` banned '' from working in slaughter houses or pubs .
