  this combination of factors is already destabilizing the balkans and , in turn , threatening to undermine the post-yugoslav settlement . 
  for the moment , the eu 's ability to preserve the status quo in the balkans is not completely spent because of its collective veto on border changes in the region . 
  meanwhile , brussels is continuing to squeeze every last bit of leverage out of its policy of integration . 
  in the last couple of years , it has pushed all the region 's laggards -- albania , bosnia , and kosovo -- one step closer to membership . 
  but the eu is still struggling mightily to impose its authority . 
  european diplomats were unable to resolve a two-year political crisis in macedonia that began when the governing parties , which just won early elections , were implicated in wiretapped recordings revealing gross corruption and outright criminality . 
  the eu also failed to conclude an agreement to normalize relations between serbia and kosovo . 
  ( in fact , relations between the two governments are deteriorating . ), 
  perhaps most serious , bosnia 's republika srpska proceeded with a controversial referendum in october , despite eu protestations , about retaining its national day holiday , which bosnia 's highest court found discriminatory against non-serbs and which western diplomats said violated the dayton constitution that holds bosnia together . 
  the eu 's subsequent inability to punish bosnian serb leaders through sanctions could embolden them to organize an independence referendum . 
  a miserable reality what happens next , of course , is a matter of speculation . 
  in all probability , the post-yugoslav settlement will continue to hold in law . 
  but separatist groups can easily gain a kind of functional independence by repudiating the authority of the central government and then waiting for more opportune circumstances , such as the collapse of the eu , to formalize this separation . 
  left unchecked , the situation risks sliding toward renewed conflict as majority populations fight to maintain the integrity of their states . 
  if this is the danger , then how should policymakers respond ? 
  the key consideration is that the existing policy of stabilization through integration , to the extent that it ever worked , has fully run its course , given the effective end of eu enlargement . 
  by laboring onward with an obsolete policy that relies on an elusive reward , and without any sanctions for noncompliance , the west is handing the power of initiative to local revisionists and their external sponsors , russia and turkey , which are pursuing self-interested policies that cut across the west 's objectives . 
  some argue that the existing policy could be made to work if only brussels tried a bit harder , backing up its pledge of eu membership with greater efforts to promote regional cooperation , democracy , transparency , economic development , and so on . 
  however , this is wishful thinking . 
  the promise of eu membership is broken , and every one of these initiatives has been tried in spades for the last 20 years . 
  others , especially majority groups on the ground , argue that europe should get tough with politicians who advocate separatism , as washington did in the past . 
  this might work if europe were willing to intervene in the region indefinitely . 
  but the political context has changed radically over the last decade . 
  no one wants another civilian mission , and threatening a group such as the bosnian serbs would simply drive it into russia 's open arms . 
  a radical new approach is therefore required that forges a durable peace by addressing the underlying source of instability in the balkans : the mismatch of political and national boundaries . 
  the two-decade experiment in multiethnicity has failed . 
  if the west is to stay true to its long-standing goal of preserving peace in the balkans , then the moment has come to put pragmatism before idealism and plan for a graduated transition to properly constituted nation-states whose populations can satisfy their most basic political interests . 
  given the divisions in europe , the united states needs to step up and take control of the process . 
  in the short term , washington should support the internal fragmentation of multiethnic states where minorities demand it -- for example , by accepting the albanians ' bid for the federalization of macedonia and the croats ' demand for a third entity in bosnia . 
  in the medium term , the united states should allow these various territories to form close political and economic links with their larger neighbors , such as allowing dual citizenship and establishing shared institutions , while formally remaining a part of their existing state . 
  in the final phase , these territories could break from their existing states and unite with their mother country , perhaps initially as autonomous regions . 
  a croat entity in bosnia would merge with croatia ; republika srpska and the north of kosovo with serbia ; and the presevo valley , western macedonia , and most of kosovo with albania . 
  meanwhile , montenegro , which may lose its small albanian enclaves , could either stay independent or coalesce with an expanded serbia . 
  in pursuing this plan , the united states would not be breaking new ground but simply reviving the wilsonian vision of a europe comprising self-governing nations -- but for the one part of the continent where this vision has never been applied . 
  inevitably , there would be difficulties and risks , although not as serious as those inherent in the existing failed policy approach . 
  serbia would have to let go of kosovo , minus the north , but the compensation would be the realization of a serbian nation-state in the territory where serbs predominate . 
  albanians would similarly have to give up northern kosovo . 
  more problematic , bosniaks and macedonians would need to accept the loss of territory to which they are sentimentally attached and without any significant territorial compensation . 
  in truth , this would simply be a formalization of the existing reality . 
  but the united states and europe would need to smooth the transition by investing heavily in their economic development and by involving a range of international partners -- including turkey , russia , and the key regional states of albania , croatia , and serbia -- to commit to their security . 
  during a transitional period , washington and others may also have to deploy peacekeepers to uphold the borders of the expanded albanian , croatian , and serbian states . 
  but this would be only a temporary commitment , in contrast with the current deployment needed to uphold an illegitimate status quo -- 4,300 troops in kosovo , including around 600 from the united states , and another 600 troops in bosnia . 
  ultimately , it is easier to enforce a separation than a reluctant cohabitation . 
  these suggestions may shock those who are heavily invested in the current policy of multiethnicity . 
  but the debate on the balkans has been dominated for far too long by western diplomats and academics who deny what is obvious to almost everyone on the ground : that multiethnicity in the region is a beautiful idea and a miserable reality . 
  there is no question that undoing the existing settlement would be complicated . 
  however , a managed process of separating groups with divergent national interests , rather than forcible coexistence for the sake of an abstract ideological goal , would eliminate the most serious risk facing the region -- namely , uncontrolled disintegration and renewed conflict . 
  it would also give places such as bosnia and kosovo a better chance of developing in the longer term . 
  this is eminently preferable to the status quo . 
  after many wasted years , the west must have the confidence to embrace a new approach that cuts through hardened assumptions . 
  for the new administration , there is now an unprecedented opportunity to rethink a policy that has been flawed since its very inception . 
  in a final act of service to the balkans , the united states should finish the job it started so long ago , this time once and for all . 
  part 1 : by ** timothy less ** the political settlement in the former yugoslavia is unraveling . 
  in bosnia , the weakest state in the region , both serbs and croats are mounting a concerted challenge to the dayton peace accords , the delicate set of compromises that hold the country together . 
  in macedonia , political figures from the large albanian minority are calling for the federalization of the state along ethnic lines . 
  in kosovo , the serb minority is insisting on the creation of a network of self-governing enclaves with effective independence from the central government . 
  in serbia 's presevo valley , albanians are agitating for greater autonomy . 
  in montenegro , albanians have demanded a self-governing entity . 
  and in kosovo and albania , where albanians have their independence , nationalists are pushing for a unified albanian state . 
  it is easy to dismiss all this as simply sound and fury , whipped up by opportunistic politicians . 
  but it would be a mistake to ignore the will of the electorates , which have persistently shown their dissatisfaction with the multiethnic status quo and are demanding change . 
  the choice facing western policymakers is either to recognize the legitimacy of these demands and radically change their approach or to continue with the current policy and risk renewed conflict . 
  a beautiful idea when yugoslavia collapsed at the start of 1990s , there was nothing predetermined about what followed . 
  one possibility was the emergence of nation-states , comparable to those elsewhere in europe ; another was multiethnic states based on internal administrative boundaries . 
  in the end , the west determined the nature of the post-yugoslav settlement by recognizing the independence of the old yugoslav republics within their existing borders . 
  in doing so , they were guided not only by a belief that this would promote justice and security but also by an ideological conviction that nationalism was the source of instability in europe . 
  multiethnicity was seen as a viable , even desirable , organizing principle . 
  unfortunately , this decision cut across the most basic interests of the emerging minority groups , which saw themselves condemned to second-class status in someone else 's state . 
  in the 1990s , many took up arms to try to secure formal separation . 
  subsequently , wherever this failed , minorities have struggled to secure as much autonomy as possible within their adoptive states . 
  given the resistance of majority groups to the fragmentation of their polities , these attempts at separation have built tension into the very nervous system of the region 's various multiethnic states . 
  as a result , the west has been compelled for the last two decades to enforce the settlement it imposed on the former yugoslavia , deploying un-run civilian missions and nato troops as regional policemen . 
  at first , washington took the lead , but after the united states downgraded its presence in the balkans over the last decade , primary responsibility for upholding the post-yugoslav settlement passed to the european union . 
  in doing so , the eu substituted the hard power of the u.s. military for the soft power of enlargement . 
  its assumption was that the very act of preparing for eu membership would transform poor authoritarian states into the kinds of prosperous , democratic , law-bound polities in which disaffected minorities would be content to live . 
  for a short while toward the end of the last decade , the policy appeared to be working . 
  however , the disquiet of minorities eventually made it clear that the eu 's approach could not resolve the problems created by multiethnicity . 
  its central misconception was that minorities would give higher priority to political and economic reform than to grievances about territory and security , which would no longer matter after joining the eu . 
  all this made sense to europeans living in their post-historical paradise but did not hold water for minorities situated in the hobbesian realm of the balkans , unable to secure even their most primary needs -- their security , rights , and prosperity . 
  instead , issues of governance and the economy , and even more peripheral concerns such as education and the environment , were pushed to the margins as political institutions became gridlocked by intractable questions about territory , identity , and the balance between central and regional power . 
  day-to-day , bosnia , kosovo , and macedonia were mired in political dysfunction , economic stagnation , and institutional corruption , even as their more homogenous neighbors , such as albania , croatia , and even serbia , began to prosper . 
  the policy is further complicated by the euroskepticism now sweeping across europe , which threatens any remaining hope that integration could lead to stabilization . 
  a eurobarometer poll last year suggested that only 39 percent of eu citizens favor enlargement and 49 percent oppose it . 
  earlier this year , voters in the netherlands decided in a referendum to block ukraine 's integration with the eu ; it was , in effect , a vote against enlargement . 
  previous governments in both austria and france have also pledged to condition future enlargement upon a national referendum . 
  as a result , the process of enlargement has stalled . 
  thirteen years after its launch at a summit in thessaloniki , four of the six non-eu states in the region have yet to open negotiations on eu membership . 
  serbia has only tentatively begun , and montenegro , the region 's most advanced state , has only provisionally closed two of the 35 negotiating chapters , four years after starting . 
  ( by contrast , the central european countries completed the entire negotiating process within the same time frame . ), 
  to complicate matters , russia is using its influence to frustrate the process of integration , encouraging unhappy minorities such as the bosnian serbs to escalate their demands for separatism and threatening the pro-integration government in montenegro . 
  turkey is nurturing the support of disaffected muslims such as bosniaks and macedonian albanians . 
  and china is enthusiastically providing governments across the region with no-strings funding for investment in infrastructure , undermining the west 's attempts to promote conditions-based internal reform . 
  the debate on the balkans has been dominated for far too long by western diplomats and academics who deny what is obvious to almost everyone on the ground : that multiethnicity in the region is a beautiful idea and a miserable reality . 
  continue to part 2 in reply, 
  i would not say it is unrealistic , if some bigger obstacles do not show up . 
  serbia is playing game of sucking up to russia in hopes to push eu towards rush admission . 
  it is double sword and it means letting yourself being player under greater russian interests in the balcans which is certainly not welcomed in europe or usa . 
  but serbian politicians are doing this for thremselves too because fueling nationalistic sentiments of serbs is one of major leverages for their power grabbing . 
  how well shall all that be beneficial for serbia is currently up in the air but there might be bigger issues comming their way because of their `` sitting on two chairs '' policy ... 
  serbia is still so retro ... move on guys , move on finally .
