  all the reports and media attention to this issue have not been helpful to us . 
  in fact they have not been helpful to anyone . 
  '' [ 9 ] this still falls deeply into propaganda teritory of milosevic regime untill it is proved otherwise . 
  i believe it is much more hate oriented toward albanians then substituded by concrete evidence as pointed out numerosu times from your linked article from wiki . 
  is there any actual proof and/or court convicton for aalleged `` organ harvesting '' of serbs by albanians or is it milosevic era propaganda still alive today ? 
  but were n't serbs the ones convicted for genocide and ethnic cleansing over bosniaks and croats by international un courts ? 
  who is nazi and who is jew in bosnia , let just see what is going on here . 
  they look like grain silos , spiritual yet economical . 
  also , propaganda with friendly female faces who are in the army/joining army hardly fails . 
  if nothing it certainly helps . 
  do n't worry everybody is doing it . 
  you 're seriously justifying this cunt with some military action 25 years ago ? 
  there is also no mentioning that he is `` refugee '' but it says he was reported to the police several times for domestic violence . 
  how about doing something about widespread black market of automatic weapons sales in serbia ? 
  also brutal murders are not that uncommon in serbia and i am sure that someone would make great social study of why is that happening over there . 
  well now i for one wish you farewell . 
  steer away from those rocks will you ? 
  it is likely scottish will ask for new independence referendum after brexit and this time realy leave . 
  then we have northern ireland joining up with ireland . 
  wales remains but for how long ? 
  this will be bad for england and possibly drastic decline in its political and economic power in the world . 
  welcome to the age of capitalism my russian comrades . 
  those are not happy sausages . 
  oh boy , still fighting about colonies and such are n't we . 
  i really do n't think germany is `` against '' serbia . 
  if anything they have showed repeatedly support for serbia 's eu ascension . 
  there is just so much anyone can do against legally and democratically elected leader . 
  nobody can expect for eu to do work for serbia . 
  change has to come within serbia itself but democratically and gradually with true reforms and with developing of democratic institutions . 
  congratulations to montenegro and for having strenght in making very important and beneficial long term decisions for your own nation . 
  we were n't best of bros in the recent decades but also we as neighbouring states are increasingly sharing common view 's of democracy and prosperity through peace . 
  so montenegro welcome to our nato ranks from croatia and hope to see you soon as eu member state too . 
  suprise , it 's like russia has been ruled as mafia state with head capo and his lieutenants . 
  i am interested though from where is this investigation coming from ? 
  i can not imagine it being from within russia itself , is this guy a dissident or something ? 
  so , you guys are still defending campaign of murder , genocide and expulsion of non serbs from bosnian lands in order to create greater serbia as some kind of righteous ideal serbs fought for . 
  taking that into consideration you `` deserved '' what exactly ? 
  but sadly you are right as you were really awarded with 49 % of the territory for all atrocities done by your `` brave fightings '' from the hills of sarajevo or while entering un protected enclaves . 
  the truth of the matter is that you ca n't sell this shit to anyone outside your now `` cleansed '' territories . 
  facts and evidences with plans of your leaders are widely available from un court verdicts so do n't bullshit us about your wargoals and plans . 
  yep , he was slobodan 's favourite quisling when montenegro was considered staunch serbian ally . 
  they want their military navy acess to the open sea over our marine border while being nasty and totally disregarding international sea laws . 
  it is all the master plan for conquering of the mediterranean by slovenian nationalists . 
  i do not wa n't to meddle with german elections , these are dangerous times and one could be accused of anything . 
  like influencing it 's outcome or something similar , thus changing the course of german history . 
  that is 1,460 days and he has made so much chaos in first ten . 
  good luck anyway , to all of us . 
  its actually not another story since selling it to people would have been hardest part if it werent for serbian rearmament . 
  in this way it will pass much easier with voters who are concerned with other issues . 
  i commend you on your knowledge of internal croatian and balkan policy in general sir . 
  if i may ask , is it your personal interest in the matter or maybe professonal ? 
  you are wrong , those are separate matters and decision has already been made of keeping this ability . 
  funds are non issue when cooperation between nato countries is required and we are not exactly serbia level poor country . 
  yeah , we were looking into purchasing of new or second hand fighters for years now . 
  it is pretty much done deal now after serbia is pulling its russian ties to rearm its army . 
  prime minister and president are supporting the idea and minister od defence even vowed of keeping fighters as his main mandate goal . 
  its matter of national pride now and its easy score with voting base , money will be found . 
  i am sure there are various ways and models for purchasing since we are members of nato . 
  it really depends of eu members , if we are satisfied with results of reforms . 
  ascension to membership is really slow process as we here know from first hand , even if it meets no major political obstacles . 
  i personally have opinion in case of serbia those obstacles might be pretty high from various stances and points . 
  i would like for serbia to become member as soon as it can be possible but process must be thorough with real changes taking roots within serbia . 
  that means political , economical , jurisdicial and if you would like societal which will come as consequence of those mentioned before . 
  still a long time to go but it is in everyone 's interest to have serbia as an ally not as adversarie . 
  even worse if they are * decepticons * who forged deal of overtaking earth with serbia , belarus and rus as our earthly overlords . 
  serbia will not sent troops or police to north kosovo , it 's all play for internal politics purposes as seen many times before . 
  simply because that would lead to fast crumble of current regime filled with ex . 
  milosevic cronies and they know it very well . 
  people of serbia do not wa n't another war they are tired of lost wars but there is enough leverage for nikoli\u0107 and his likes to play against nationalistic sentiments as was now famous `` propaganda train '' . 
  i fully expect more then a few similar stunts in the future with their neighbours till the elections . 
  it has all been drilled till perfection to the point that serbian regime knows exactly how far they can step the line with international community but not to overstep it for more serious consequences . 
  in that way they still can call small victory over state owned media even if they get slapped on the fingers . 
  serbia is `` pillar of stability on the balkans '' my ass . 
  it 's rather powder keg of unresolved/unrealised extreme nationalistic ideologies which lash out regularly towards it 's neighbours . 
  retaliation shall be swift and ruthless , trade embargo maybe ? 
  that should make france collapse . 
  splitting of bih is impossible without war , bosniak 's would never accept it because too much blood was spilled for it . 
  keeping bih together was the main motto of bosniaks during whole war , other entities had different opinions but were forced by usa to sit and negotiate . 
  croatians are the least of the problem here although their status is unsatisfactory . 
  i really do not understand what and who is behind this constant warmongering from serbian side but i bet dodik is not visiting moscow few tims a year for nothing . 
  did n't they learn absolutely nothing from the past filled with misery of people on all sides , genocide , mass war crimes ? 
  i bet dodik has already secured/was given nice little dacha somewehere in russian steppes if poop hits the fan . 
  in our hospitals mothertruckers have got `` independent '' leechers who are renting tv-s ( daily , weekly , monthly ) so you have to pay for someone to come and turn tv on . 
  giggled more at afrika , as in entire continent . 
  tis ' better today , yesterday and the day before tho it was fun . 
  merry christmas mexico !, 
  serbia signed what was necessary , it 's not the first time nor will be the last time . 
  let 's move on into greener pastures and open new chapters . 
  our serbian friends need to understand this is a process , it will last for a while longer . 
  * romania has spent eur 628 million for the f-16 program . 
  the price paid to portugal for the aircraft was about eur 120 million while the rest was the cost of upgrade and logistic support . 
  * over 500 mil eur for upgrades and spare parts alone seems to me a bit excessive . 
  did nato participate in costs in some way maybe ? 
  helping with infrastucture at least ? 
  since we have to replace our own vintage airplanes , this is interesting read as we are probably going the same path as romania . 
  it 's not like we have a lot of options without decent ammount of money for new airplanes anyway . 
  meaning second hand usaf f-16 airplanes with additonal upgrades to better equipment standard , hopefully block/50 -52 . 
  here it is in 2 parts since it can not fit in one post . 
  continuation from part 1 : almost every state has recently experienced serious unrest as people lose faith in the power of the eu to deliver them from their current state of hopelessness , poverty , and corruption . 
  adding to these tensions , minorities are trying to take control of their destiny by demanding the right to a separate territory in countries where the central government inevitably prioritizes the interests of the majority group .
