  i am with [ / r/france ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/france/ ) hoping the smell of thin sliced onion on olive oil would not give away my shameless betrayal of fatherland . 
  this is putin 's kgb policy of smoke and mirrors at it 's best . 
  image is everything while below you your house burn 's . 
  it is just shameful that it all broke over athlete 's back 's . 
  on the other hand they did keep it in silence for a looong time . 
  american reviewers on youtube consistently put croatian candies/food on top of serbian ones . 
  it is not really even some sort of great wonder since in yugoslavia croatian and slovenian product were of well known as higher , western quality then serbian which were unrefined and rough . 
  same thing is today as in serbians have got some well established products but i find it that even eurocrem ( serbian nutella ) and similar products from other branches are uneven in quality . 
  too much sugar in chocolate or too intense flavour in jaffa munchmallows there is always spomething `` over the top '' that bothers my taste . 
  it might be possible that quality of croatian and belgian chocolate had somewhat spoiled my taste to upper levels but i personally find that difference in * refinement * level of products from croatia and serbia is quite noticebale . 
  serbian being on noticably lower level . 
  glorifying nazis ? 
  who ? 
  croatian government member of eu ? 
  now you are just being silly . 
  croatian nazification ? 
  now you are just being mean . 
  they say that launching and landing system on this russian carrier is quite obsolete . 
  americans are using steam catapult for decades now which is supposedly significant upgrade over russians ski jump platform which is cheaper but requires aircraft with higher thrust ratio engines . 
  * pilates * if i 'm not mistaken . 
  this made me chuckle as in ebil croatian opressor of slovenian sea borders way  . 
  interesting to see building itself from architectural point of view alone but c'mon ... using tw assets ( copyright issues ? ), 
  and then whining why tourist board of split does not wa n't to have any part in this ... 
  yes , yes i agree hard to stand against italian food imperialism  . 
  it may be true in general terms but vukovar and its surroundings before the agression was one of the most developed and rich parts of the entire former yugoslavia . 
  there are estimates that the area had up to 25 % better average living standard then in croatia itself who was considered richest country in yugoslavia along with slovenia . 
  those were good people living of their own work with prosperous life before murder and plunder . 
  just when i think that im starting to understand some aspects of turkish society this kind of thing slaps me in the face . 
  today is also black day for europe , it 's failings on timely acting and recognizing [ croatian war of independance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_war_of_independence ) were gross as well as later mistakes in bosnia . 
  my prayers on this day go to those who are not among us anymore . 
  court established new rules due to serb savagery some 60 years after ww2 . 
  it 's more specific now about intent and size of group intended for removal . . 
  this guy , whatever one might think about him is successful politician . 
  i have to tell you guys , these scumbags are still not official scumbags because hague tribunal sucks . 
  man it 's hard to think of even single person to die and in that plane there was nearly 300 souls . 
  highly hypocritical to blame the dutch only with srebrenica horor when it is the un responsibility which it failed to stop mladic butchers at the start of the offensive . 
  with the ammount of firepower un had in the country , specially the air power srebrenica should have never happened . 
  looks like vu\u010di\u0107 strucked dreamlike two legged gold pot of an walking pr prodigy he always craves for with this one ... he can nominally stick it to the remainder of few existing public civil rigts activists who regularly ` cry ' to eu ( and not forget future voters ) by showing himself as ` civil rights ' champion and not as increasingly power hungry authoritarian as europeans tend to characterize his style of rulling . 
  she has also croatian ancestry thus with it he is suppsoedly signalising his dedication for improving relations with certain relevant neighbouring country . 
  same country which might become one of harder obstacles on his already troubled eu roadmap if certain conditions had not been met . 
  this person is also supposedly ` tehnocrat ' meaning also supposedly without direct political backing from no particular parliamentary party even if its obvious that without vu\u010di\u0107 's party she has no government . 
  in this way she can be get rid of with no fuss as soon as/if she starts to slip from the line and if she becomes burden or obstruction to his plans . 
  at the same time , she is presented to people as ` impartial saviour ' free from the clutches of ` usual serbian ' political constraints and constipations . 
  it occured to me as there are some remote familiarities with croatian case where we also had ` technocrat ' pm who failed miserably after only several months from his appointment due to collapsing of governing coalition which proposed and propped him up . 
  the difference is that our ( croatian ) pm even if he has failed , was appointed as compromise between election winner and minor partner who demanded impartial pm without party colours behind him . 
  serbian example of new pm appointing looks more like odd or rather pompous even gracious ` gift to his own people ' of ` mighty leader ' as el presidente vu\u010di\u0107 increasingly presents himself to be . 
  ... aaaaannnd italy has got to do with dalmatia what exactly ? 
  well nothing stops macedonia now from being imaginative . 
  personally i would go with ohridea . 
  yeah , it 's someones startup for nationalistic political career in serbia . 
  easiest way to ride that horse is to ` forget ' reasons for nato bombings and play the victim card against ` evil ' west . 
  as a public stunt that is practically already one foot in the serbian parliament as someone on the next election list from the plethora of serbian nationalistic parties . 
  hmmm ... there was a lot of propaganda in those times and belgrade tv was master of it . 
  i find it strange that first sentence fits so nicely on that ( presumably ) bomb piece even if it looks as someone had to squiz last word on it ... 
  there were some gruesome mistakes by nato if i remember correctly as was bombing of that train on the bridge ... tragedy of such affair is that always civilians pay mistakes for their leaders . 
  send in inspector maigret , he should sort out this mistery in small french village where distrustfull folks live . 
  `` i know you are great nation i know your , our common history '' well this appeal should also ring some bells over the atlantic , i am interested in what merkel has got to say too . 
  dissapointment that 's all . 
  i hoped for some common sense but lobby which has him as their spokesman just do n't give a damn about planet . 
  it 's about the rich , greedy pig 's who hide themselves behind word of ` democracy ' but usa has become anything but that . 
  greedy , rich , corporate pig 's who never have enough . 
  this has got some kind of higher meaning , maybe aliens are sending us subversive message ? 
  hmmmmm ... 
  great office really , tasteful , airy with big windows , sends positive vibes to get things done all around . 
  ( ebil croatian laugther ) haha , hehehe , hihihi, 
  i would say adequatly conservative , i even like it  clerks 's office if you wish , bureaucratic and formal as if it almost says : ` lets get things done ' and it hardly ever gets done . 
  ` yes , minister ' comes in mind from the department of administrative affairs , oh ever blessed thy be sir humphrey . 
  putin has got much smoother skin then you might think . 
  after all this is the guy who did not expell us diplomats from russia after similar obama 's move . 
  calculations are everything to this guy , it 's baloon filled with maskirovka . 
  macron reaction hardly did any `` insulting '' per se , it 's rather saying the things as they are and standing for your own values , your country and eu as a whole . 
  no , macron said it for political gains with putin who is simply a schemer with limited influence due to economic reasons . 
  granted that putin managed to paint pretty peacockish picture of himself and russia in the world but it 's mostly because of exploiting usa failings in foreign policy . 
  macron 's reaction was one of leader who knows exactly how to handle bullish authoritarians based on very precise informations . 
  they all talk russia did this or that when nobody is in the room but saying it right in the putin 's face is music to my ears . 
  this thread needs to be very civilised about and gently reffered as ` clickbait ' . 
  brass balls on lichtenstein for kicking already downed opponent ... well played there , well played . 
  actually i do believe it was overextending of their power . 
  what else might be the reason for instance , of not conquering ragusan republic but rather making it their vasal even it was christian oasis in the sea of ottoman conquered land ? 
  with armies of hundreds of thousands and powerful navy at their hands i am sure it would not be such an unsurmountable task if not for other factors . 
  turks had losses on other fronts of their huge empire and deep assaults into europe took time and money to organise . 
  as it has been case with certain stubborn badass croatian zrinski , result was also far from certain . 
  not to mention that lost campaigns posed political problems for top heads of ottoman empire where dissatisfied janissaries could just at any time make another of their rebellions for deposition of sultan . 
  for headbutting ottomans  . 
  da fuck you are on about ? 
  read some history and maybe you might write something else then your annoyance due to bowel problems and be ontopic . 
  i heard rice is good for your problem . 
  they helped nothing , we were ultimately meatshield for defending of their borders . 
  when threat became real for ` wigs ' on austrian court they decided to screw us over with `` kraina '' ploy just to keep turks on our land and not to dirty their own hands ... 
  when i think of it i kinda wished zrinski did let ottomans into gayland called vienna and not being fool of honorable croatian he decided to be . 
  but be as it may , it is all water under the bridge and all . 
  i wish our austrian and hungarian overlords of past nothing but all the best and their tourist money . 
  i do see nikola 's head somewhat bigger than suleiman 's tho , 
  i named them because those were also truly factual heroic deeds against the odds and during the siege too just like zrinski . 
  since zrinski was croatian too i thought analogy here is more then obvious to mention  . 
  in any case siege is most of the time hopeless case if defenders do not have means to get reinforcements or supply from the outside . 
  no matter how heoric they can be situation soon enough get 's to be hopeless against the overwhelming numbers . 
  there is no wonder that people tent to go for heroic breakthroughs as last ditch measure if they know their faith is sealed . 
  also , there is a ` small ' matter of soldiers honour and pledge to his people to fight till the last man standing . 
  in case of zrinski , that is exactly what happened and he did not back down on his promise .
