  he 's not a dictator , he does n't even have the full support of his own party . 
  no us president could ever be a dictator . 
  the congress has more power than the president . 
  trump had nothing to do with the proposed sanctions . 
  that was the congress . 
  trump acts authoritarian , but he has little power , all he can do is tweet at and mock the press , he ca n't actually do anything to stop them . 
   bet the civilians are happy yeah , i bet they were real happy when gaddafi was killing them ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  one person on cnn has his opinion on the story , who gives a fuck ( cnn is n't a person lmao ) . 
  the claim that trump associates are being investigated by the fbi is not a false one . 
  it 's a good thing that gaddafi is gone . 
  libya was in , or at least heading towards a massive civil war with gaddafi in power . 
   endorsed al nusra not true . 
  obama 's first strikes in syria targeted al-qaeda tied groups . 
  obama argued against arming any rebels , sadly . 
  we should have supported the moderate opposition in the very beginning . 
  sure . 
  obama did the same , though he did n't attack assad like trump did . 
  ( though i support that action as well , i think trump has handled syria better than obama ), 
   even cnn who 's cnn ? 
  what authority do they have ? 
  stop embarrassing yourself . 
  what if bush called 9/11 a hoax ... 
  gaddafi funded terrorists . 
   also trump didnt invade a country depends on what your definition of `` invade '' is . 
  he has attacked syria , and sent more troops there . 
  ( which i strongly support ), 
  yes , it would be like not responding to , or even acknowledging 9/11 . 
  him calling russia 's attack on our election a `` hoax '' , is worse . 
   obama helped destabilize libya europe took the lead on that one . 
  it was the only option , we could n't allow gaddafi to continue what he was doing . 
  the un gave europe and america permission to act . 
   bush launched a war on a false pretex fine . 
  trump is just as bad as bush , then . 
  you happy ? 
  he 's already the worst president in modern history . 
  such a shame . 
  does n't mean they should n't have tried . 
  are you justifying russia 's invasion ? 
  ukraine wanted to join the eu . 
  not sure about nato ... but they could have easily tried to negotiate the transfer of crimea to russia . 
  im sure russia could have worked something out , diplomatically . 
  the f-35b is better than any non-stealth fighter . 
  the rafale m being non-stealth is a problem . 
  less good than a f-35b in many areas, 
  the qe is larger than the de gaulle, 
  but still much more capable than most fighter aircraft in the world . 
  the f-35b is a 5th generation fighter , with advanced stealth capabilities ... so , it has the upper hand in any air to air battle . 
   only supports stvol aircraft not really a problem when the stvol aircraft is the f-35b, 
  not a smart thing , it will backfire and blow up in his face very soon . 
  russia could have easily sought a diplomatic solution . 
  putin is n't smart . 
  us carriers are about 30,000-40 ,000 tons heavier than the qe . 
  however , the two british carriers will be the largest carriers in the world , outside of the usn . 
   you dipshits . 
  it was n't just the us that put sanctions on iran ... 
  it was n't an act of war , but what they did was more than just espionage . 
  the sanctions brought iran to the negotiating table . 
  who 's calling for war ? 
  nobody in the us government is . 
  that the world is supposedly laughing . 
  what world do you live in ? 
  who 's laughing ? 
   that shit is a joke and the world is laughing about it source ? 
  hacking into voter rolls is `` standard espionage '' ? 
  no , that 's an attack on the american people, 
  better to be america 's `` bitch '' than to be putin 's puppet , no ? 
  poland +8 ... our actions speak louder than trump 's dumb words , eastern europe can actually see the increased us military presence , they do n't care what trump says . 
  the us military and dod is basically running our foreign policy . 
  it 's funny , because even with trump , eastern europe still trusts the us much more than they trust the rest of europe . 
  how the hell is nato dead ? 
  good , more people should be exposing putin 's war against the west . 
  there is a reason why so many eastern european nations are `` hostile '' towards the russian government . 
  yes we do . 
  the european governments also spy on each other . 
  are n't some of these nato bases ? 
  i was n't bringing anything up ... the poster said that the left does n't turn out to vote , i simply corrected him/her . 
  how was attacking assad , `` america fist '' ?? 
   read better . 
  write better . 
   i was not implying how that this is how nato is working . 
  huh ? 
   trump won because the left was apathetic and did n't turn out to vote . 
  clinton won by 3 million votes ... the democrats have won the popular vote in 6 of the last 7 elections . 
   do n't want contribute the 2 % to nato budget , gtfo then . 
  that 's not how nato works . 
   trump was chosen on a platform of `` america first '' isolationism and he delivers . 
  he attacked assad , and has hinted at putting more troops in afghanistan and syria , so he certainly is n't an isolationist ... 
  he was n't always like this , the dementia is kicking in ... 
  americans do n't want out of nato . 
   europe is n't america 's friend what a ridiculous statement . 
  not true , nato counties have already been gradually increasing their defensed spending , especially after russia invaded ukraine . 
  you 're taking some of the opinions of trump , and his advisers , as official us policy . 
  not really fair . 
   the us do n't group the entire us , with trump . 
  those will be the two largest carriers in the world , outside of the usn , right ? 
  china is the 2nd strongest military power . 
  the uk and france each come pretty close, 
  the baltic states are independent nations , they have invited us , british and other nato troops into their country . 
  it is none of russia 's business who estonia , latvia , poland , and other european nations allow into their country .
