i did n't say any of that . 
  i just hate to see the far left , and far right spread throughout the west ... 
  hopefully not . 
  yeah go ahead and support the maniac who started the civil war in the first place . . 
  even then there were a couple polls with trump winning mi and pa ( though , no poll ever had him winning wi ) , there was a noticeable trend towards trump in the final week , perhaps the state polling just did n't catch it in time . 
  national polls in the us had clinton winning by about 3 % on election day , she `` won '' by 2 % ... 
  western europe does care ... in any hypothetical war , sure russia would overrun the east at first , but eventually the west would push russia out . 
  you 're insane to think russia could win in any fight vs a united europe . 
  the allies in the east that could get rolled over in 24 hours are the ones paying ( or on track to pay ) their 2 % of gdp, 
   there are more then enough isolationists in the who are tired of european affairs and criticism not true . 
   i just wish western europe gave a shit western europe does give a shit , what are you talking about ? 
  it benefits the us to have the capability to strike anywhere in the world , and having military bases in europe certainly gives the us an operating base to project power out into northern africa , eastern europe , the middle east , etc. ... the nato and pacific alliances also allows the us to contain its top two geopolitical challengers ; russia and china . 
  he would get removed from office if he ever seriously threatened to leave the nato alliance . 
  there is no `` promise '' . 
  nothing in the treaty states that a member has to spend x amount in order to receive defense guarantees . 
   spend 2 % , in exchange for defense provided by the us . 
  wow , that is not how a defense pact works at all . 
  you seem extremely misinformed . 
   which is what ? 
  influence . 
   europe is pretty much safe as long as the us is in nato europe can easily defend themselves from russia , or any other threat . 
  that would certainly kill nato , which is something putin would love . 
  the harrier as well . 
  it also sucks that none of the f-22s can operate off a carrier . 
  it will be almost impossible to restart the f-22 assembly line . 
  around 180 f-22s . 
  i think we stopped the production way too early , in my opinion . 
   neither could the americans uh , the f-22 was the first 5th generation jet ever produced ... and before the f-22 , the us had built the world 's first stealth bombers ( the b-2 and f-117 ) . 
  germany wants out of nato ? 
  last poll i saw had 60 % of germans saying that they supported nato . 
  that was before trump , though . 
   us ca n't be the world 's most powerful country without allies you are correct . 
  but , trump wo n't be president forever . 
  presidents come and go , but nato will remain . 
  the west will still be unified , one person ca n't change that, 
  he 's still the leader of the world 's most powerful country , though . 
   america does n't need allies when it controls the whole fucking planet actually , the reason why america `` control the planet '' is because of our network of alliances . 
  hopefully she laughed right in his face . 
  russia 's economy is about the same size as spain 's , and their population will be declining soon ... i do n't understand why people over hype russia 's power ( overall , russia is only barley stronger than the uk or france ) ... there will be only two `` superpowers '' in 20 years ; the us and china . 
  india will stronger than russia by then . 
   ill-advised interventions in iraq and afghanistan how was afghanistan `` ill-advised '' ? 
  he could not pocket veto anything . 
  the congress is not technically in recess . 
  no way to pocket veto it either . 
  congress forced his hand . 
  okay i absolutely agree with that . 
  military spending should not be cut , but it really does n't need to be increased , either . 
   even if we ignore that fact trump has demanded congress pump $ 60 billion more per year into the military , a thing which democrats previously balked at before the whole `` hacking '' thing went mainstream . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  what does military spending have to do with `` hacking '' ? 
  trump only signed it because the vote in congress was veto proof . 
  stupid and wrong article . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  no he does n't . 
  i have no idea . 
  i 'm just saying that italy ranks higher than russia by nominal gdp , which is the measure you should use when comparing two economies to each other . 
  well , i did n't know they were using ppp numbers . 
  using nominal gdp ( the raw economic output ) russia ranks 12th , behind south korea . 
  you have it backwards . 
  ppp is useless when comparing two different economies to each other . 
  russia has the 12th largest economy ... and is nowhere near 4 trillion , but okay, 
  still looks smaller than italy 's economy . 
  yes it is, 
  which coalition , what are you talking about . 
  very vague . 
  libya was a european led operation , britain and france both spent more than the us did on that operation . 
  iraq was us-led , but britain contributed 50,000 troops and many other european nations helped . 
  nobody forced them to help us in iraq ... then you could go back and trace a lot of the instability to after ww1 and how europe drew the borders . 
  france and britain have done alot to mess up the middle east in the past 100 years , perhaps more so than the united states . 
   the us started the whole mess in the middle east hhaha . 
  that 's a joke right ? 
  you 're sure that europe had ** nothing ** to do with why the me is messed up ? 
  there was a recent pew poll , and it showed that most germans would n't want to defend their eastern neighbors if they came under attack by russia ... eastern europe will always trust the us more than they trust western europe . 
  well , maybe western europe should show the east that they 're dependable ... 
  and who is that magical far left liberal person that will somehow manage to not alienate the moderates or the center right ? 
  oh , for sure . 
  texas was closer than iowa . 
  arizona was closer than ohio, 
  in the primaries , clinton won the black vote in some southern states , by a larger margin than obama did in 08, 
  the guy is on video praising fidel castro ... he would lose very badly . 
   i 'm not aware of the peace talks being dead which one is it . 
   putin can not withdraw , it would be devastating for his reputation, 
   trump is going to be a two terms president . 
  i doubt it . 
  but anything can happen . 
   do n't believe crooked media and their crooked polls . 
  lol . 
  he lost the primaries ... it 's laughable to think that the candidate who lost the primary would do better . 
  bernie did worse than clinton in many rust belt states in the primaries . 
  i also doubt he would have carried va and nv . 
  clinton did n't lose handily , she lost the election by a mere 0.7 % and won the popular vote by 2.2 % . 
  bernie would have lost very easily , in my opinion . 
  he criticized putin after he struck assad ... that 's it . 
  tulsi is garbage . 
  i might actually prefer trump over her . 
  his approval rating is terrible . 
  support for impeachment is in the high 40s . 
  but alot can change in 3 years . 
  it depends on who wins the democratic nomination . 
  a moderate will easily win vs trump , while a far left liberal would * probably * lose .
