  and few others are beyond him . 
  i would love it if he could turn his career around and become worthy of a stating place here . 
  but until then i will wince every time i see him starting a league game . 
  that sounds like my fm save, 
  nope it was n't due to cranes on the pitch for the construction, 
  i think he was at a fair few u 21 last season . 
  he was definitely at the everton game anywat, 
  would you not want a past player or managers flair ? 
  a gerrard suarez , torres or rafa flair ? 
  i would love them these are people who meant alot to the club and br is no different, 
  hopefully yesil can recover from his injury blight and move on from it after this loan spell . 
  i think he is a handy player and as seen in the article he could have a good chance to get a few appearances under klopp . 
  see ya in ireland lads . 
  ask reddit is leaking, 
  has n't really worked that well in ireland for irish . 
  it is when you get stuck doing it for 14 years with a seething hatred for it . 
  probably as long i never have to spam it again . 
  i barely passed foundation level . 
  deadly , was barely arsed to turn up . 
  absolutely hated irish the only reason i kept going to class was because my teacher was a ride . 
  yeah i think thats fulton . 
  he 's a handy looking player too . 
  good saves but he looked sloppy otherwise . 
  his distribution was also shite and caused us alot of problems . 
  flip side , not giving a shit . 
  lack of stress but get fuck all done . 
  i think we do need to reinforce the goalie position . 
  migs is too slow to release the ball which greatly reduces our threat on the counter . 
  also when he does release the ball it is either out for a thow , to a player who is in a position where they can easily lose the ball or a safe pass to a defender which also slows our counter . 
  migs great shot stopping abilities mask his bad positin , terrible distribution and his lack of control of his box and defenders . 
  i 'm not sure who would be a good replacement but they would need to be adapt at sweeping the ball . 
  this would most likely be a german keeper . 
  leno i think has a 17m release clause and horn , i think has a 7-8m clause . 
  both very good young keeper that would solve some of these problems . 
  alot of keepers who make nearly every save look amazing are usually a step or two out of position . 
  my opinion btw . 
  his shot stopping is good because of his brilliant reflexes and athleticism . 
  a good example good positioning would be ray clemence . 
  ( my knowledge of him comes from replays and storys from older lfc supporters i know , so factor in that when reading the rest of this ) a brilliant keeper who made his saves look easy and clean , as opposed to modern keepers like migs and to a lesser extent de gea who can make a save harder than it should be . 
  and even in klopps system we will need to switch to a counter when the potential for one is available . 
  this system wont be the same as the one from dortmund , it will have a liverpool mix in it specialized for the league , which tends to have a fair bit of counter attacking football . 
  also when we play in europe or the cups or even the league and we are searching for that winner in injury time a counter could make all the difference . 
  but these are my opinion of the football i think we will need to see from our goalie , confident , commanding , not afraid to come out for the ball and be able to start our attacks from the back . 
  look i know it 's not realistic to hope for everything in one keeper but my point on counter attacks from the back i think could be vital to our success in the coming years . 
  their are many keepers that could full the void we have in between the sticks and they will probably be german or spanish as they are the best producers of keepers . 
  but i do n't think migs is the man to push us forward . 
  i can see him being replaced in the summer for a more confident and competent keeper . 
  i can see him then moving to be a back up at a top club or a star at a mid table club but not a starter at a club , such a us , that had top 4 and silverware aspirations . 
  he has played twice ? 
  in like two seasons and he was shite both times . 
  we need a back up left back more than a right back ( still need one of those too ) . 
  even then you do n't just throw away game in the cl . 
  we keep talking about the need for cl football but if we do n't bother to show up with out first team we may as well fuck off . 
  that cl run was the beginning of the end for rodgers . 
  yeah but it could have been worse . 
  that match was rodgers rolling over and admitting ok they are too good for liverpool . 
  too good for liverpool ?? 
  fuck that !, 
  we may not have our rush 's , fowler 's r suarez 's but we are liverpool fc we do n't care who you are we are at anfield , we do not go there thinking we are lucky to not lose too badly , we expect to win no matter who we are ( something rodgers said about moyes when we played them if i recall correct ), 
  mignolet sounds kinda like dr. 
  evil, 
  how has allan been playing for sjk lately ? 
  it was n't so long ago john barnes was heckled by liverpool fans for being black . 
  the fans eventully stoped after he showed his worth . 
  the sport just needs a high profile player to come out and own the inevitable abuse before more follow along . 
  oh fuck me , that picture of sakho on the slide is glorious, 
  i beat it in 6 - 8 hours . 
  too short, 
  well depends how good you thought the side missions were . 
  i thought they were a bit weak compared to the past games . 
  the game was very lacking compared to city or asylum . 
  did anyone ever tell you you 're a cunt ? 
  most of his career he has played as a inside forward . 
  could be why he always drifts to the wing, 
  am i the only one getting save failed when trying to save ? 
  carra 's son is a striker too, 
  no no that ca n't be it . 
  how about two pairs so the skid mark ca n't be seen from the outside, 
  well at least you did n't say gypo or nacker . 
  us irish arent very fond of them, 
  in the league ? 
  west ham january , i think, 
  for me it would have to be the riise own goal v chelsea in the 08 cl semis . 
  i was full for another final and the thought of it possibly being against was giving a 12 year old me one of my first stiffys , but alas my fellow ginger gave it all up in a stupid fucking diving header . 
  it has took years for me to forgive him and i still hold the grudge . 
  well there was this [ the ken kaniff show ] ( https://play.spotify.com/album/7l37ro7vdwgzaommbijkxc?play=true&amp;utm_source=open.spotify.com&amp;utm_medium=open ), 
  probably because he 's not been that great for you and sakho varane are nearly nailed info a starting pair with mangala ad konsilny ( ? ), 
  backing them up . 
  he probably should be as a rb though, 
  probably because he 's not been that great for you and sakho varane are nearly nailed info a starting pair with mangala ad konsilny ( ? ), 
  backing them up . 
  he probably should be as a rb though, 
  had some brilliant moments that just made me laugh out loud and i would have to take a short break to compose myself . 
  that 's euro though, 
  mastertip : use a empty salt and vinegar crisp bag and a rubberband, 
  [ not too sure why sinatra is there but ill not complain ] ( https://open.spotify.com/user/spotifydiscover/playlist/7cwb0ulxvkkckrbfikaeti ), 
  nothing stops perez from getting his glactous 's, 
  used to be the same for me this season i changed it up to rajkovic from tel aviv ( serbian keeper from an israeli club ) . 
  not doing to badly either . 
  scotland ?
