  it 's a weird place tin the norwich family, 
  irish catholics look to the pope, 
  that 's why you curb stomp them ... 
  `` okay now we 're actually spineless '', 
  96 liverpool fans were killed in a crush caused by overcrowding from police letting too many people in . 
  the sun reported under the headline `` the truth '' that the survivors looted and pissed on the police . 
  this was false . 
  the sun then stayed on the line that the government , who were trying to cover the police involvement up , had given them . 
  the sun had eventually apologized but it was too late and not enough . 
  so to scousers and liverpool fans the sun are a pile of cunts, 
  fuck me ref loves that whistle do n't he, 
  hopefully lovrag will get a bit better, 
  thank god i 'm watching the lfctv stream and do n't have to deal with american commentators, 
  spent too much time with hart on england duty, 
  was lvg, 
  hopefully, 
  i prefer lovrag, 
  finn harps , finn harps , we 're really on our way, 
  just got it . . took far too long, 
  it 's to promote weight loss, 
  see it works . 
  all mind games, 
  i learned that money ca n't buy happiness, 
  but i decided i 'd rather do all my cryin ' in the corvette, 
  would love to see dundalk v barca or dundalk v celtic, 
  is . . is that a racial joke ? 
  so rosa park is a nerd ? 
  i was making a joke by tentatively asking a question to point out the joke to others that may not have understood it . 
  he 's 5 years younger than me : , (, 
  the sam the year after that, 
  hey there 's always management, 
  probably one of the best spider-man arcs out there imo . 
  if you want to stay to 616 start at jms run at v2 issue 30 and go from there very good run with some very good highs and a few poor arcs too . 
  was my first books too when i started reading a year ago . 
  went from there to bendis on daredevil to jump into dc with batman and his best arcs and am reading away now ... at the expense of having a lighter wallet . 
  ahh well i love it, 
  i 'd say randall will start left with taa on the right, 
  i love spotify premium . 
  the counts have n't charged me on three years, 
  umm england do n't play in olympics but great britain does, 
  whipped that shit out , and ai n't no doubt about it, 
  it hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage, 
  with karius back after the international break and migs and manninger as backup we 're safe yeah . 
  i 'd say everton is the best hope in england . 
  ca n't see any foreign teams going for him, 
  i fucking hope so, 
  you 've never been to a wedding in ireland have you . 
  there 's a reason we no longer do open bars, 
  i was mainly just talking about the drinking . 
  but aye gypo are cunts anyway with the littering , fighting everytime the clubs are open , and the stealing . 
  nah fuck that , we 're talking more like a 70cl of vodka and a half dozen shots level of performance enhancing, 
  they play golf sober ? 
  me and me cousin were playing golf and he was in the bush looking for his ball and said i could go ahead and take my shot and i hit him right on the arsehole and bruised it :d, 
  ahh yes the 3 pint rule . 
  after 3 pints all of a sudden you are ronnie o'sullivan , then after 6 pints it 's all down hill . 
  ireland and eastern europe, 
  fuck you are retarded moreno, 
  fuck i have to work in twenty minutes :(, 
  this is as awww fuck, 
  with that much tan i think by the time ronaldos 60 he will look like a wrinkled testicle, 
  14/15 actually, 
  `` am i afraid of success ? 
  let me think on it , let me drink on it . 
  think i just answered yes but not on purpose . '', 
  is he not back after the international break ? 
  best thing about taking a piss in a college bathroom, 
  at least you do n't have to live a life of ducking or head injuries, 
  i 'm ok with this, 
  clubbing it self is not necessarily bad though . 
  i can have a class night by having a round of predinks and then going out dancing , chatting to randomers and have the craic . 
  but it 's ones who go out looking for the shift every night that always have a shite night . 
  you say farmers market you mean [ this ? 
  ] ( http://www.cumbriacrack.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/calf-sale.jpg ), 
  he 's a handy wee player think he might surprise you after a few chances, 
  thought he looked good in the fulham ? 
  game that 's season . 
  also looked a nice player from what i seen in the u21s of him, 
  vodka and blackcurrant . 
  goes down easily and you wo n't taste too much alcohol . 
  best for a soft drinker . 
  you do n't really . 
  you miss some references but if you just follow what you 're doing then it should be grand, 
  slight less than a billion people earn more than me . 
  sound . 
  is he not a catholic himself anyroads ? 
  was more of a play-maker aye , but he through tackles around like it was nobody 's business, 
  hope kelleher can really kick on it would be class to see an irish player for liverpool again, 
  i miss the lallana fights . 
  was good entertainment towards the end of last season, 
  thankfully not, 
  january, 
  he 's missing alot of sound here . 
  like the 2000s and its just ringtone rap and missing the sound from 1999 - 2000 where you had eminem and 50 being the biggest in hip hop . 
  also the 90s just going for the nwa type sound and missing the will smith sound from the late 90s, 
  1960 is not that old of a house . 
  mines is from the 1820s, 
  yeah you 'd think the choreographers only fight experience was a charlie chaplin fighting scene, 
  do america seriously not have chip and pin ? 
  like put card in type 4 numbers and done ? 
  do they have the tap where you can spend up to $ 30 for small purchases ?
