  you 're being silly saying napoli and roma are `` poor '' . 
  napoli would definitely beat united , arsenal , city and us 7/10 times . 
  and roma would give most a run for there money . 
  claiming a top 5 league is shit is just plain ignorant . 
  if you said scotland or something i might agree . 
  maybe i 'm just really down on the pl . 
  so sure . 
  nice arguing with you, 
  when has the price stopped them ? 
  does that make me wrong ? 
  60m on di maria . . 
  yeah when i started i had huge problems even getting the grant . 
  due to my parents being split and my dad paying bills for both houses they claimed that there was no proof of separation and refused to give the grant up . 
  did n't get sorted till mid april of my first year . 
  yeah injection sites are going to start up in ireland too . 
  should do a good job of helping these people, 
  him being addicted to the claw machine too, 
  richard hunter . . dick hunter . . childhood was rough, 
  must be his pride and joy, 
  would rtj3 not make the nominations too ? 
  how much a dollar cost ? 
  interior pink colour coordinated, 
  had . 
  with the amount of pace sturridge had, 
  mainly because people are saying he is another ibe ... 
  divock, 
  when the attendance popped up in the top corner i was hoping it would start ticking down as people left, 
  i had a hard time forgiving all of them . 
  that second half was fucking dreadful . 
  the only player that could hold his head high and say he played to his best was kolo, 
  looks like [ uma ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/_tcgjbneyh0/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  i pay $ 7 . 
  you lads are getting fucked, 
  jesus my guy will wash your hair if you ask . 
  no extra charge . 
  and what 's the point in the head massage ? 
  maads mckillen would be good too, 
  joe , big fan of you and slaughterhouse , any news on glasshouse and any projects planned yourself ? 
  where are all these harps fans coming from ? 
  seen so many lately, 
  no i clearly said maads mckillen ... 
  must be . 
  fecking glory hunters . . nice to see another from donegal here too . 
  he 's big in the underground acting scene you would n't know him, 
  do n't buy the sun . 
  i think milner would be hard for united fans . 
  played for all of the unholy trinity . 
  leeds , city and liverpool, 
  yep yet for me it just makes me like him more just because you cunts have to hate him . 
  sit down, 
  em and royce on a track is always great, 
  6 or 7 years ago i think . 
  could be a replacement for britain without all the cunts, 
  mummy can help, 
  i 'm here to help like your mam, 
  you hear rtj and big boi on the new danger mouse track ? 
  shit goes hard, 
  from the 3rd episode of planet earth, 
  all of my united friends all hate and want him gone already . 
  it 's brilliant, 
  yeah come on genoa, 
  do n't care just thinking of the seeding for the qualifiers, 
  yeah but it 's you lot we 're competing against . 
  i feel confident, 
  just looking at this season . 
  that and i like to believe my team will do well, 
  do n't try to break my hope . 
  it 's fragile, 
  the russian acestream is quality, 
  ajax get it, 
  their not everton mate, 
  them russian streams are damn . 
  good, 
  orcguin, 
  blockbuster night by run the jewels . 
  would n't even need to fire the cannon , the fucking bass would crumble everything around me, 
  he was immense in that final against united too, 
  carragher used to be a striker, 
  you do n't got ta get drunk to have fun, 
  he also said his chances if being at atletico next season are 7/10 . 
  boy is not a math whizz, 
  do n't, 
  please - liverpool fans, 
  [ has two apparently ... ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/co0j5opweaaewup.jpg ), 
  hits the first man or just hits them across the box . 
  ca n't cross or shoot . 
  only thing he is good for is dragging players out when he 's attacking, 
  jesus molby molby has such a scouse acaccent on him for a dane, 
  best bit about pre season, 
  fucking hilarious the airplanes just floating padt the camera, 
  dont call me lily, 
  i thought it was a dodgy kebab while standing in the cold thinking you 're arse will be blowing bits tomorrow, 
  nah usually it sits at like 8 . just about at jumper weather, 
  liverpool , derry and now manchester . 
  need more to get on to this, 
  love how utterly unprepared they were . 
  `` wilkinson has his name in the history books do you know why '', 
  `` he has razors named after him ? '', 
  sane with me . 
  me and my friends would stab each other with pencils during class to see if we could hide the reactions .
