  probably scowl that we only beat germany by three, 
  humph i thought he was from up the killyleagh area thought he would 've played donegal . 
  but he was shit against ireland last night . 
  we 're going to france !!, 
  i never knew how seriously americans took these ratings . 
  here in ireland it 's more of a joke between you and the ticket women if you are say 13 going to see a 18 film . 
  the only time age restrictions are really brought in is at clubs if you get an arsehole bouncer or at an off license . 
  hey you do n't look at the mantle piece when you 're poking the fire . 
  germany can back off the deserving champions are back !!, 
  do n't go to dublin if your looking for a sexy accent, 
  that was fucking magical . 
  havent seen this since i was like 9, 
  i think i did good . 
  yeah , but you have to wonder what type of style arm would bring ? 
  arm farts or just a kind of rubbing sound ? 
  i think he will have alot less to do with the actual production of the album and concentrate on the actual verses . 
  there will be features with royce slaughterhouse , yela , rihanna and one more pop singer . 
  a popular rapper like kendrick will appear and maybe a dre verse . 
  maybe a few more skits than mmlp2 . 
  could see the album be like relapse and have a different perspective to it . 
  we burn the truck !, 
  but not 2005 ... 
  she did n't put the lotion on the skin, 
  i think sammy did one hen rafa had kidney stones, 
  i think it 's another season and a half, 
  i have 3.5 thousand hours between fm14 ,15 and 16 . 
  in the last year and a half, 
  i have a sad sad life and not perfect grades . . i should probably play it a bit less, 
  well you could say the same about every comic book . 
  like in spider-man [ peter was killed by doc ock and replaced by him bit inevitably came back ] ( / s ) so these things hap [ pen in alot of media its to keep the most intersting characters alive and to be able to have big events where they die and can still be used by later writers or events . 
  it also means that they do n't have to shoehorn in new villans to try to replace the ones that are loved by many . 
  not a band but tech n9ne . 
  love alot of his songs and the ones he does with krizz kaliko are brilliant, 
  could see him in the film of his mangement career when he helps mon to take ireland to win the euros and build a international dynasty that shadows all others, 
  would prefer a final against mongladbach just for the history of it, 
  did they not have the ronaldiniho q10s as well, 
  mine was liverpool 2 - 2 hull 08 . 
  had everything you 'd want 2 gerrard goals and a carra own goal, 
  fuck off crouch was class for us . 
  just took a while to get going . 
  and bellamy was decent . 
  you also forget our world class strikers in suarez and torres . 
  a good 7 years combined in them two, 
  imo bad training exercises . 
  it 's been going on for too long to be a coincidence . 
  same as england with the hoge . 
  old style training for modern players is causing payers to pull up with hammys all the time . 
  also it 's could be down to over playing . 
  an example of this is rossiter got injured after playing 3 games in 5 days . 
  this lines up with sanchez injury he plays evert game for them even after the international break when he got back on a thursday after playing 2 games he 's straight back in the line up . 
  do you not mind de gea when he got to united ? 
  young keepers tend to be error prone, 
  jesus bit of animosity towards lovern `` heeeeeeey lovern ho ha i wnnna knooow why youre such a cunt '', 
  were going to win the leauge ( cup ) , were going to win the leauge ( cup ), 
  is there really still alot of hate from juventus supporters to liverpool ? 
  i know what happened was terrible but i think everyone know it was the liverpool supporters that were at fault for what happened . 
  i just was wondering in general . 
  i know alot of juve supporters dislike the way it is not as highly mourned by liverpool than hillsborough . 
  and the way it seems to be swept under the carpet by the club . 
  just put a sneaky bet on lucas to score the winner, 
  the last goal is referred to as the winner, 
  it 's the southampton support . 
  respect to them for sitting and singing and not just heading for the exit ... even if they are a bunch of wank stains, 
  edit :, 
  though that might have silenced them, 
  i know the reference, 
  get him the kolo krimbo jumper from red men tv, 
  yeah braid that shit . 
  tails are 2016 's new jeans with cuffs, 
  no vaseline, 
  are you stick in a time warp from rodgers ? 
  he played every game under klopp until his injury and will be straight back into the starting xi when fit, 
  just fucking love it, 
  redden tv are orthopaedic a watch good bit of craic, 
  huh alot of people going lovren on this one . 
  personally i went with clyne as i feel that he has been brilliant all season and really deserves to win it, 
  putting the pussy on a pedestal, 
  mirror ? 
  does anyone know if zivkovic is any good irl ? 
  in fm he is a brilliant wonderkid and in his highlight vids he look like a real talent . 
  the most talented maybe , even then he 's against beardsley , but he would n't be the greatest we have ever had . 
  he had no real impact in the legacy of the club , only winning one league cup . 
  he never had as a successful time here as gerrard , barnes or dalglish and when all is said and done it was really only a season and a half that he was playing to the standards he is now . 
  u 21 team for friday then ? 
  the liver bird has been shone over england, 
  meh if it is a pile of u 21s and ilori and enrique then the u21s will have had a few years of playing together at youth level . 
  for good or bad i 'm really excited to see the young lads get this chance . 
  migs as a center back ? 
  niggas be 44 acting half their ages, 
  literally just watched that movie, 
  arsehair, 
  one champions league please, 
  settle for less ... 
  now imagine a klopp press with suarez up front . 
  i think i 'm might just cry now . 
  van gall could probably kill his talent, 
  the darkest and most depressing place that has ever existed . 
  it 's like as soon as you cross the boarder it just turns grey, 
  ok so if we are not on europe next season it may present a small advantage next year on the league but as i said it will affect a lot of other things which i have already listed in the post . 
  also klopp will have a full preseason next year to go onto the start of the season with proper conditioning for the high press he deploys .
