hey baby you want some fun ? 
  no it had the best movies goodfellas green mile pulp fiction etc. 
  did rafa not say he could see gerrard as a striker in his twilight years ? 
  would be nice to test him there though . 
  i really want to see some more of those 30 yard screamers . 
  maybe a a deep lying forward we will get some but it will still be better than him at cdm . 
  some moments of brilliance but a lot of errors there . 
  it would be amazing to see . 
  his link up play with balotelli was promising maybe we will have some of that to look forward to at least . 
  exactly one more beauty before the kop . 
  probably not . 
  he tends to stick to his favorites and i think that will hurt us this season . 
  a shame though . 
  i would like to where we would be now if kenny was still in charge . 
  he did win a carling cup and get is to a fa cup final but did abysmal in the leauge . 
  suppose . 
  now we just have to hope that with studge back we can get back to winning ways . 
  maybe with a few 30 yard screamers from stevie . 
  raphoe smallest city in europe . 
  do n't believe google it is not the vatican . 
  i beat that on mobile version only took 6 hrs . 
  i bet you his dick is the size of small rivers . 
  i thought cisse was awesome when i was young . 
  he was good but had two horrific breaks . 
  my advice watch some football . 
  start off with some famous matches like the 2005 champions league final . 
  start following 2 or 3 teams.l . 
  maybe a local us team and a english premier league team like liverpool tottenham etc. 
  play with them and look at the posts here and some you tubers . 
  why did sally fall off the swing ? 
  she had no arms . 
  knock knock . 
  who 's there ? 
  not sally . 
  i read that in elmos voice . 
  i can never watch seaseme street the same again . 
  that thing you did n't want to do but agreed to anyway is cancelled . 
  he is not at liverpool at the fucking moment you fucking tit . 
  lambert is useless at the minute and so is markovic . 
  give the only striker that can make runs a chance . 
  did n't mean to be so rude it just brenden does n't give players a lot of chances . 
  expecially ones the fans arnt fond of . 
  dance by nas, 
  britain / ireland ? 
  no quite common in the border counties, 
  they do . 
  we enjoy these rules . 
  i live in donegal . 
  looks nice but the infrastructure is shit . 
  fucking county council . 
    have you ever tried catching a taxi in donegal ? 
  do n't fucking chat . 
  spent 2 hours outside freils freezing my bellend off waiting for a taxi . 
  it 's the capital one cup iirc, 
  for 25m no way . 
  why not get some scouts to have a look at the talent that is coming out of south america . 
  if he was available for 12m then maybe . 
  idiots . 
  full blown retarded idiots and their opinions . 
  pka ? 
  that sounds better in an irish accent `` the better part of ye ran down the crack of your mas arseshole '', 
  i see your not irish scottish or australian then that is 1/15 of or vocabulary ... cunt, 
  what about the burma forces . 
  that would be a very good one . 
  or even the british forces throughout the war just without the terrible stereotypical british accent, 
  i meant on hbo from the brits perspective . 
  unlikely yes , but it would be awesome, 
  yeah but we respond to them with an awkward election . 
  at least that 's silent, 
  best game i had to verify seen in my young life ( istanbul 2005 ) . 
  no it was a very weak story in v. i think sa or iv would be awesome . 
  to tell the truth all the main three kinda annoyed me the only one i liked was michael, 
  spotify presumably . 
  i first got into him while playing san andreas and hearing express your self then got to em through related videos, 
  that was john wayne was n't it, 
  testicles inside the body, 
  are you my mummy , ? 
  my only complaint of mmlp2 is the overuse of female vocals on the chorus . 
  it takes away from songs sometimes and cheapens them e.g. 
  monster, 
  i think its the whole eu has it . 
  at least a guy got so that it meant women 's insurance was high as well in the eu courts . 
  and ireland, 
  a 1 liter engine, 
  fucking water tax, 
  luck.in allot of ireland the highest seems to be 6 up .5 down . 
  fiber is only coming in in populated areas as allot of ireland is rural . 
  it 's common for cars like volkswaggon polo etc. 
  is origi not from lille, 
  does that include clumsy ? 
  i could n't stand that . 
  imo it 's between 17 and 24 is when people do their most drinking . 
  are you talking about the quality of the road ? 
  if so come to donegal people in golfs going70 over country roads . 
  suits scary, 
  our country roads are usually not tarred full of potholes and have grass up the middle . 
  i do n't lift the seat . 
  not my problem unless i need to pop . 
  would love to see clara just die . 
  an ordinary death , no dramatics just have her die in front of the doctor .
