  also very poor quality, 
  on the hockey penaltys , they were used in the mls before and went very good since not many went in . 
  that could lead to penalties going on for 15 shots each or so . 
  also it means teams who 's goalies are weak at 1v1s would be at a massive disadvantage compared to just, 
  having to make saves . 
  also on the timeouts , this will cause massive holes in tactics and punish defensive play , which in itself is an existing aspect to the game . 
  who dosent love a dm flying in at the last second of a break away to stop an almost certain goal . 
  it 's hard to be disappointed when we win most games in style but its the losses that disappoint me and every one else . 
  it 's a weakness in the squads mentality , we can get up and play in games like dortmund city , chelsea and arsenal but when we go and play bournemouth , newcastle and southampton where we break . 
  if you look at rafas liverpool we came from behind in alot of games , there was a fight in the squad and that came from having players like gerrard , carra and hyypia . 
  we are missing that resilience in our current squad and need to either build that with squeezing out wins with strong football our pray that we have a player that has one of their will to fight in our squad or youth, 
  i do n't know , bournemouth went out to play against us and so did southampton on both games last season . 
  lewa ( not even gon na try ) would be perfect in our attack but unfortunately we ca n't have him . 
  firmino can be that player for us , brilliant on the air , presses like a maniac and can finish . 
  with more games as a center forward he can be our suarez light . 
  all we have at left back is moreno . 
  i do not want to see him starting unless absolutely necessary . 
  the elderly scrolls more like british parliament, 
  he is also 18 and a local . 
  we need a local in the team, 
  captained both us and city i believe, 
  well his son played for us, 
  cough * kim * cough, 
  could say the same of em bar encore, 
  i think he hits a good free kick too, 
  just watched that class movie, 
  it costs me 9.80 to travel 14km . 
  cheaper to buy a box of fags . 
  i just like the thought that the cunt who is being a bastard is just wasting their time in life and getting closer to death while i 'm being paid to be their . 
   he is defensively sound , but does not offer much going forward, 
  um moreno is no star at attacking either , he has a really poor cross and ca n't shot for shit . 
  he does good runs off the ball but in the games he has played our other player do n't seem to want to pass to him as they know not much is likely to happen . 
  milner on the other hand has worked really hard at improving his left peg and it is showing . 
  he comes with a brilliant cross on him and also makes smart runs . 
  sure hes not as pacey but he 's not getting stopped when he is attacking as he is getting alot of balls into either the box or who ever is playing the left wing . 
  overall milner is better defensively and better in attack . 
  would like to see him as nightwing, 
  it 's cheaper to rebuild with wood, 
  they are blaming him for walking about when he should have been ready, 
  hope matip decks that cunt costa, 
  the freekick, 
  meh the penalty was loverns fault, 
  yeah i think it should be limited with the managers able to call for 3-4 replays a game . 
  and then the ref bring allowed to call if he wants, 
  yeah but the additional points on the table would sound very sexy to me, 
  he was at his best last season on the right with sakho, 
  mine usually follow some twisted drunken logic like the time my phone battery was about to die so i bought a packet of aaas or the time i stood in a puddle , got my socks wet and bought a pack . 
  i now log out of amazon before drinking, 
  fuck the law they can eat my dick that 's word to big, 
  yeah but if no one 's paying for bt or sky then then how will they pay uefa their money, 
  so 11th next season then ? 
  run the jewels lyric from oh my darling do n't cry, 
  it 's been the same the last 3 or so seasons, 
  he could have he really could have ... 
  it 's more than likely a result of our players mindset . 
  we do n't have a gerrard or carra to get up for liverpool football club . 
  our players much like some fans only get up when we are winning or in a big match ( chelsea , dortmund ) . 
  it will take a while to get it into our players that 3 points is 3 points no matter the team we play . 
  only when that happens will we be a true force, 
  i do n't know i went into secondary school hating irish and i left hating irish along with a lot of other fellow students . 
  i think it as an optional along side spanish , german , french other actually useful languages would be a smart decision, 
  no we hate it cause it is taught to us and is absolutely useless . 
  i think my time in school would be better spent with a european language being mandatory than a dead language, 
  i mind that series . 
  it had the giant jimmy saville santa, 
  big seans ok but his punch lines are really shitty . 
  sounds like a shit lil wayne, 
  i think the balaclava was ruined before that . 
  thank the ra, 
  so does nearly every country, 
  \u00d1ah i 'd say he 'd like the heavier stuff . 
  major or players maybe, 
  joyner lucas - [ ross capicchioni ] ( https://youtu.be/jo_v2sxm-f4 ) and [ i 'm sorry ] ( https://youtu.be/ajkbw1cqpt0 ), 
  southerner we have the best crisps the freestaytos, 
  to me it smells like those perfumed fanny pads, 
  got one at the minute that ca n't get a work permit so he 's on loan in the netherlands scoring 30 a season, 
  do n't think united would sign both of them, 
  called it . 
  would be nice to have behind millner in the coming seasons till he could take that first team place, 
  not anymore . 
  stupid slott, 
  problem is all our `` big man '' strikers have failed in recent years . 
  lambert , balo , benteke all apart from ben were major failures . 
  the last tall player that worked for us was crouch and thats going back a decade, 
  yeah so why should we go out and spend 30 odd mill on a big bastard and then realise he dosent fit and then sell him on for the same or less than we ought him for . 
  would it not be smarter to go for a player that on the counter can get between the defenders and out pace them . 
  at least he could fit into our team . 
  yeah fair enough . 
  i just like arguing with strangers about football . 
  do n't forget kellegher too, 
  fuck this is in my town . 
  wonder if i 'll see him pull up to centra in it, 
  and here we see the donegal county council in action, 
  blocking a shit under the wall . 
  seen it happen in a few brazilian leauge games, 
  if it was a 3-4-1-2 he could sit behind a front two . 
  yeah but alba is alot better than moreno . 
  moreno is n't even that good at going forwards with poor crosses and shit shots . 
  more importantly his shite positional sense would cause us to be even weaker at the back which we ca n't afford, 
  yeah with people here you 'd think he 's richard dunne,
