  at least that 's how i look at it, 
  usually i go from derry or belfast and book about 2-3 months before hand . 
  sterling , suarez , masch, 
  torres too . 
  gaa seems to have blew up here since we won the sam . 
  or at least it has caused near everyone to buy a shirt in the it, 
  were n't life after death and all eyez on me 20 or so tracks, 
  huge em fan but he has at least one trash album and 2-3 weak ones . 
  he came out with 3 classics with sslp mmlp and yes but encore was a drug riddled piece of crap and relapse recovery and mmlp2 are all a mixed bag of good to bad . 
  his relevance is mainly due to his massive success when he came up but if his only abums were the last 3 he wiuld be almost irrelevant, 
  oh do n't get me wrong relapse is one of my favorites of his and encore is the only one i would say is straight trash but his last 3 are up for debate, 
  i agree, 
  fuck man united, 
  i was pretty meh with this and love . . reason why damn is only third in my favorite albums of his, 
  yeah . 
  beef, 
  might just be me i just hate the flow in both songs . 
  butvi tend to prefer the faster angry flow kendrick usually has, 
  supposedly part of neymars transfer to barca orgies had to be organised for his father, 
  not as a solo artist only with bme and slaughterhouse, 
  i 'll allow it . 
  art is always up for interpretation, 
  carrying the ball was one of hendos biggest ability when he was a box to box player, 
  bit too short to be a cb but could play as a destroyed as a dm, 
  we will be back in 5 years time, 
  him and edwards . 
  jobs been split to two separate ones . 
  moore does the financial stuff and edwards deals with transfers, 
  yeah i have a white cat that seems deaf . 
  things mean too . 
  no neck and covered in nose scars . 
  reminds me of donegal county council . 
  just some lads in high vis standingmlooking at a pothole saying `` jaysus that 's a while square hole '', 
  aspas was scoring for fun in pre season . 
  wait till we see him competitively before he becomes roger hunt 2.0, 
  thing is moreno much worse at both . 
  he ca n't cross or hits target . 
  his main attribute is his attacking runs, 
  i do n't hate him as a person but as a footballer he matches a dawn of our worst of since riise/aurelio, 
  as far as i mind if harry died voldemort would have moved out into the open straight away . 
  i think dumbledore said that harry had ruined his plan by surviving that night . 
  near the end of ootp i belive, 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.japanesebugfights.com ), 
  yeah same here in ireland . 
  the most exotic wild animal i see is flattened foxes and badgers at the roadside, 
  bob, 
  starts v watford gives away a pen and a goal, 
  nope, 
  nope fuck that . 
  ship him out . 
  3 years of being completely shite is enough . 
  no fucking pre season game will change that, 
  preseason expect 10 changes next half, 
  took her too wide there danny, 
  interfering with the keeper . 
  even if he did dive the wrong way, 
  after 9 preseason games too, 
  jiggy jiggy, 
  good boy gini, 
  and his hammy, 
  the werewolves in the forest is the ones that hagrid had in his dorma when he was at hogwarts . 
  they were born from two werewolves mating at full moon . 
  the cubs are basically really smart normal wolves, 
  pottermore, 
  you mean this season and every one after it, 
  ayy a father ted reference, 
  either that or salad, 
  h makes him look shite after running past him 40 times, 
  it was more the one ankle injury recurring and his afcon troubles, 
  cause he was shite when he played there . 
  he 's a winger who plays left back and thinks hes a midfielder, 
  now it can only be 30g boxes/pouches or the new amber leaf 20 box, 
  do n't have camel up here but yeah gv , drum , john players , old hobbins are all up to 30g . 
  think it was an eu law that came in . 
  also all boxes need to have a certain amount of the packaging be a no smoking advert . 
  also limited the size of vape juice bottles without a licence, 
  looks like ireland will have a new center back because masterson is gon na play a hell of alot of games if this is true, 
  and will have about as much success as them, 
  neymar had a release clause couts does n't . 
  pay will be paying for the next renevation at anfield if they get him, 
  do n't know at 17 i 'm shirtless, 
  its expensive and only needed for one week a year, 
  ive liked some of his hip hop stuff . 
  slumdon bridge with yelawolf was a solid ep, 
   lily was described as cheeky , vivacious , very funny , open minded , daredevil and relaxed . 
  so closer to ginny . 
  another man who marries his mother, 
   lily was also never described as the brightest witch of her age, 
  but she was clearly very bright . 
  slughorn and lupin i think describe as a very smart person, 
  hope alan alda up for this . 
  need some new mash, 
  injured himself scoring v bayren, 
  coke cola bottleing company, 
  dead or alive, 
  all these songs are straight hip hop with popular appeal . 
  cole has songs like wet dreams that sight a lot farther into pop than any of kendricks bar poetic justice . 
  most of forest hills had a sound that was meant to be very accessible to the public . 
  the poetic justice loyalty love and humble are the songs that are ment to be radio songs . 
  and most of those are the worst on their respective albums .
