  i 'd say he 's worse, 
  yeah i know was just offering a solution . 
  but now that i think about it it would mean dropping one of coutinho mane or firmino anyway, 
  do n't i would like to see united relegated down to the north conference but i 'd like to see everton stay up . 
  always a good game plus it 's usually garenteed points . 
  atletico make a last minute run at the title ? 
  dudek in jail , riise being clubbed by bellamy , what to do ? 
  beat barca of course, 
  fuck you can go farther to the team with ronaldinho , deco and eto . 
  this is more than just an era , this is permanent just like madrid, 
  he did n't have one to begin with, 
  ah shot cunt or machine cum, 
  you 're fucked either way due to far right politics and brexit, 
  flegs ?!, 
  [ jiggy jiggy ] ( https://vimeo.com/92846254 ), 
  if an irish person has a tan it cuts away a the sleeves, 
  i wish moreno was at least average, 
  he 's not a traore but he 's not much better . 
  3 years is long enough to prove he is not up for the task . 
  his lack of positional sense , lack of an ability to cross , shoot and defend are all the glaring issues in his game . 
  the only positive i see in him is that he can stretch a defence with his pace . 
  if it were me i would sell him to any willing buyer and pick up a ready made solid left back and have milner back him and clyne up with taa . 
  player like moreno and mignolet shows that there are fans out there with too much patients . 
  the fact that they are persisted with shows we have n't moved a whole lot from playing people like traore and babel . 
  we need to move on from keeping failed signings and look to the market or the academy for a solid squad that has people that can come in and do a job that is as good as our first choice . 
  is it only a double bed in each room ? 
  milner can cross , defend and play at a decent level . 
  add in his penalty taking ability and you have at very least an average left back . 
  moreno to me is a liability on the pitch and not someone i want involved in the club . 
  if he had at least shown improvement in his time away from the first team then he would deserve to play backup . 
  but he has n't even done that . 
  i 'd want icardi what has he done , shacked up with a team mates ex ? 
  said his thoughts about inters ultras ? 
  he 's a world class striker that would be our next great striker after torres and suarez . 
  brick top ? 
  made it 20 so far what 's another 10 :(, 
  got ta love a bit of mick, 
  i can dig rapping , but a rapper with a ghost writer what the fuck happened, 
  it 's not really a big rivalry though . 
  schalke and dortmund yes but dortmund and bayren are more of a recent thing, 
  dicks out for mary has a bit of a rapey vibe though, 
  but he got that dick butt, 
  i think he told the same story on the pka podcast as well, 
  fuck ronald regan taken over sunderland, 
  [ best iron bru ad ever ] ( https://youtu.be/gh5ore3lufy ), 
  students man . 
  go into aldi and get a bottle for a couple of euro and pound it down on pre 's . 
  only way to go, 
  try it in mid november, 
  ahh real madrid fans, 
  same price as one john stones, 
  live frome the ( rose ) garden, 
  when you said monday night football i was wondering why you were n't watching half time to see jamie carragher and gary neville, 
  buffon too been the best since the 90s, 
  why by a back up when you could buy a starter and then use lovern as back up, 
  hmm i 'm irish so i 'd have to slip it into the balloon knot for the republic, 
  not really his office anymore, 
  no no one remembers a 4 places finish wile a league cup will be written into the history books, 
  i do n't really know what makes a guy attractive so i 'll go for a 6 http://imgur.com/a/xdvog, 
  well we do need a midfielder ... 
  i 'm a male cashier and i say bull . 
  all the women in my shop will spend 5-10 minutes going as slowly as fucking possible trying to get the latest gossip from around town . 
  mean while i 'm over here and i be nice and polite and quick . 
  many customers have told me i 'm their favorite to get . 
  i know what you 're saying and i 'm just a young ` un ( 20 ) . 
  i 've been playing games sine i was 4 and most of my favorites are the not that new ( gta san andreas/vice city , fnv , simpsons hit and run ) but most of my gaming hours go into them . 
  it 's just that alot of games now are catering to the money ( they always did ) so we get online multiplayers that are only fun if you have a group of friends to jump in with or games that cut out on their previous versions best aspects to go with what will draw newer younger players in e.g fallout 4 with a shit story , not keeping to cannon , and shit rpg aspects to go with better combat and customization . 
  but a game like the witcher 3 comes along and then you 're back . 
  all nighters are pulled while you 're out trying to see whats on the top of this mountain because there just has to be something there . 
  you just need to wait for the right game which is n't a cash whore but a piece of pride for the developers . 
  all to rare now a days but they are worth it, 
  12 years, 
  who says i go home, 
  america capitalism in government communist in sports, 
  milner not a cm though . 
  he 's a right winger playing left back who thinks he 's a cm, 
  it 's because he 's been focusing on his rap career, 
  guilty conscience mother fucker, 
  sounds like a big sean bar, 
  what about grabara ? / s, 
  yeah but this is so cheesy it has to a sean or wayne bar, 
  do n't want him, 
  not that night if an upgrade on what we have . 
  good shot stopper but makes too many mistakes , shit with his feet . 
  rather bring in a veteran who can do a good job till karius is ready to start, 
  `` shared history '', 
  hundreds of years of mass murders and abuse ? 
  do n't get me wrong but i 'd rather get the right man for the system than someone who ca n't fully play the role needed . 
  reina was a brilliant passer of the ball and if he is still good i 'd take him back for a season or two in a heart beat, 
  there 's a reason that britain , the english in particular , are not liked . 
  with the attempted destruction of our culture , cromwell with his genocides in droghada , the landowners and government allowing the people to starve through the famine , the partition of the 6 counties , thatchers reaction to the troubles , westminster allowing brookefield to completely abuse the catholic population in the north and so much more . 
  so shared history is poisened by your cunty empire . 
  the british isles is the wrong term because we are not britain we fought many revolutions and risings to not be britain . 
  we are ireland so you can fuck off with your shitty isles . 
  fuck last year i was starting college and it was the su vote . 
  i was walking around like do they mark the heads of people that voted . 
  fuck i 'm dumb, 
  20 6 ' 3 and 11st 6lbs, 
  shit i know a lad who did this in my school . 
  he wrote it for a girl he liked .
