  fuck me i had an experience with this shit a few weeks ago . 
  was back at a friends house after a night out and there was a few of us so we sat around drinking . 
  i ended up having 2 half bottles of vodka and hanging out a window throwing up and proceeding to sleep half out a window with vomit stuck to my face . 
  if you figure it out tell tuchel to send klopp a message about it, 
  yeah i 'm the same . 
  anytime i go out looking for a women nothing . 
  but if i just go out for a bit of craic boom pussy master, 
  yeah i was at the semi v stoke last year and we stood the full game . 
  went flying down the seats after we won the shootout . 
  not safe but fuck if it was n't a class moment, 
  bleed , bitch , bleeed, 
  cmon that 's not true , he gets more in a week than you will ever see, 
  not really sterling went for a few mil to liverpool so did ibe . 
  rossiter just left on a free and the compensation was 250k . 
  200k is piss money for football even for youth . 
  you dumb cunt, 
  more like two ok seasons before an amazing one . 
  coutinho like a fucking terrier there, 
  finallly !!, 
  ahh i see the seeing is believing rep is here, 
  it was mane too i think, 
  he was following in his predecessors footsteps, 
  ahh so he and rooney had something.in common, 
  an attacking trio who play for barcelona, 
  nah i see his house as a bed , a mirror and a 55 gallon drum of lube and thats it, 
  you know i was just thinking i should of added that, 
  i only dance in clubs so i just shuffle side to side and then jump up and down when the drop hits . 
  works well enough, 
  really you say that with your flair, 
  2400 a year not bad that 's what we start at in ireland . 
  if we 're lucky . 
  my cousins paying 4 grand, 
  6 i think, 
  is his voice actor not dead ? 
  no its united too . 
  yeah i think my penis would explode in a bloody cum filled explosion if united got relegated, 
  i would prefer old trafford was shot by an apache helicopter an after words bears set lose in the wreckage, 
  who is better at the moment him or kellegher ? 
  so do i , but thats purely because hes irish, 
  yeah got the game this summer and after finishing it i went to the books . 
  alot of the references are explained and the story is brilliant . 
  currently on time of contempt and loving it, 
  the only shame was that lovrag never took off, 
  and derry they are also boycotting the s * n, 
  dare we say it ? 
  nightwing levels ?!!, 
  really hoping to get over to this one . 
  my dads a leeds fan and he 's never seen them live . 
  i would be massive to get over there for it . 
  will just need to tell him not to wear a leeds shirt . 
  i 'd say there 's a 1 in 6 chance of you winning . 
  i 'm 19 and 6 ' 3 and still fucking growing i swear i have n't a permanent bruise on the top of my head, 
  is there not a kid called hart from there academy, 
  the thing is that all our current strikers were brought in under rodgers, 
  the only thing is that klopp is very late with his subs . 
  i miss rafa with his 60 min subs . 
  gerrard some times trains with us . 
  not the same though cause he plays for galaxy, 
  01/02 08/9 and 13/14, 
  he has a point . 
  we were pretty disappointed in firmino this time last year . 
  now look . 
  still i hope pogba does fail . 
  best player to watch when he was at his peak . 
  messi might be a better footballer but fuck me i feel like a kid watching ronaldinho again, 
  i do n't think he was that good against spurs . 
  nearly gave away a penalty, 
  with mane away at afcon we could use a pacy winger, 
  yeah but a natural winger would be preferable . 
  even then some sub appearances could be possible, 
   do your best to spend as little time at home as possible . 
  when you are home , do n't stop working . 
  that sounds like it would make me misrable as fuck . 
  im already in college 5 days a week and then have work during the evening and weekends and the only time i get to relax is in the 2-3 hours in the evening i have to myself . 
  did he not have trouble moving his fingers in to position with out burning himself ? 
  yeah sounds right . 
  i cant keep that book straight as i read it too fast, 
  well it 's not rocket appliances, 
  sounds like my operating systems lecturer, 
  this reminds me of that post from the guy who kept accidentally near proposing, 
  would have liked to see lucas here, 
  [ wanksta ] ( https://youtu.be/shoqqoy5pf8 ), 
  rtj - would be fucking awesome with some el-p production too, 
  kendrick - would like a better verse with him than love game, 
  game - unlikely because of the beef with 50 but game does good shit, 
  still like banks . 
  he 's the only one in g-unit still putting out good shit, 
  yeah think he had two mixtapes out recently . 
  his name appears in / r/hhh the odd time, 
  e : heres [ one of them ] ( http://piff.me/33ca32e ), 
  yeah some good shit new run the jewels is coming new eminem in the next few months, 
  it 's coming man . 
  do n't care what they say we know it 's coming, 
  probably to do with how players are taking them . 
  a lot of players do that stuttered run up to try to truck the keeper rather than just putting it out of reach with a belter in the top corner, 
  so sunderland then ? 
  we 're too hard for all that pansy shite, 
  i mind me and my cousin sneaking into the smoking area of pubs and looking for butts was good craic, 
  gta : hull has a nice ring to it, 
  i live within walking distance of the uk and still ca n't watch this ?
