  gerrard had it all skill , pace , passing , could score goals from anywhere , could make runs into the box and could lift a game from the dead . 
  i think some one with even that last ability is all we need to make cl . 
  some here are calling for suarez but i do n't think he is what we need right now . 
  we have 3 strikers here , studge with word class ability , origi who has proven that he has the potential to match studge and even surpass him with the added ability of pressing , and ings who is also young a great presser and knows where the goals at . 
  alonso is another good call with his passing ability and ability to slow the game down and control the pace of the game which would largely fit our midfield , but i cant remember if he was a good presser as i ca n't remember him as the fastest player . 
  risse would definitely be a upgrade on moreno but he was never a master of the defensive art as well . 
  the only real player that could fit here is hughes but i never seen him play so i wo n't comment on him . 
  we could definitely use his ability on indirect free kicks though . 
  carra would be a shout as well . 
  brilliant in defense and a real leader at the back . 
  could knock some sense into the rest of the lads . 
  reina in his prime would be lovely and a definite upgrade on migs . 
  brilliant distribution , a proper commander and brilliant between the sticks . 
  karius is still fresh though so i think we are covered there . 
  mash would be nice a proper destroyer giving freedom to can to make those runs he so loves . 
  would be a brilliant shield to that defense of ours too . 
  torres would be in with a shout as well . 
  my problem there though is , in my opinion , he and sturridge are very similar rely on pace , brilliant finishers and injury prone . 
  overall i think gerrard or mash would be my choice but the others i 've listed are all good choices . 
  i might have missed some players too ( hyypia ) . 
  played that for the first time today and i do n't think i ever laughed so hard at a game . 
  what about that young lad john player, 
  hes on his hols after the euros, 
  lovely to have some proper sized players, 
  would rather kane take them, 
  would n't mind seeing can take them, 
  we have a new gerrard, 
  good in a positioning sense but needs to look for some more positive passes, 
  no both players like to play as a 8 . 
  can is a bit better in the holding sense but just looking at grujic today he was up around the box making runs and passes , and excelled at it . 
  people look at these two and see big strong lads and think that they should be staying back but i think they are both too good in the attacking sense to leave them back there . 
  he is the same again , an 8 . 
  i think he sees can as our holing midfield and using a player that can get the ball up high in the pitch to limit the ball going back . 
  a grujic or dahoud would fit there . 
  that is why allen played so far forward in his games last season . 
  get the ball high restart the attack . 
  in theory our high line limits playing space as to cut the need for a player who sits in front of them and devote more players to the attack . 
  so if can can continue his development as a defensive midfielder then we can play an 8 ( hendo , grujic , dahoud ) to make runs into the box and space around it and get back for when the counter is on . 
  think gerrard in his prime . 
  yeah hendo is at his best in a midfield three , using himself as a box to box another as a play maker and the 3rd as a destroyer . 
  think gerrard , alonso and mash . 
  but we play in a two and leaves him having to stay back more and miss the runs that made him so good in 13-14 . 
  this could him also not trusting can in his defensive duties . 
  allen when played in the two made those runs and got chances . 
  hendo can save himself by trust can in his duties and just playing his game . 
  we also need to see if he is back from his heel injury and ready to go . 
  also i do n't think grujic will get much football this season . 
  he will play a role similar to can in 14-15 ( without playing as a centerback ) but if dahoud does come in i can see him displacing henderson very quick . 
  if they are n't confident in buiding one they could just order the parts and go to a pc shop and have them build it, 
  i do n't even . . 
  i forgot how nice that felt, 
  it 's just makes his comic so boring . 
  it 's another world wide hero with a arse load of money . 
  i prefer the constant failure at social and work life and that pushing him to be better at his heroic side . 
  think you should add the / s, 
  mind something similar against southampton in 13-14 from a certain belgian, 
  was it not the 3-0 vs southampton where migs dived on the ball just outside the box, 
  yes he was at inter and chelsea at the same time, 
  sakho would rather back heel it than use his right, 
  keegan i think, 
  studge can be at his best when on the ball though , he is very hard to get the ball off and can play some beautiful 1-2s before a goal, 
  not even on the irish one anymore, 
  hey lalana won the paint trophy, 
  sperm banks, 
  masterson looks good but still young, 
  but they have good fundamentals, 
  [ i was going for this actually ] ( https://youtu.be/u7tkk-1-ffm?t=10s ), 
  fuck it through shamal on, 
  yes cmon shamal, 
  so rodgers, 
  you should n't be, 
  i was thinking that . 
  fuck need to watch bob again, 
  [ you should get your marketing team to whip one of these up ] ( https://youtu.be/ozzgajjuqzm ), 
  we have a mario for free if you want, 
  for me i have it as one of the worst . 
  some good highs but most of the singles are . . boring . 
  no love was the highlight of the album . 
  oi the free-staytos are mighty, 
  i do n't know after united and chelsea their third on my list . 
  really an irrational hatred, 
  do n't worry you will always be first in my shitlist, 
  do n't really hate everton just like laughing at their misfortune, 
  [ yep ] ( http://orig13.deviantart.net/1e63/f/2014/354/5/6/joker_endgame_render_by_franky4fingersx2-d8ajr8m.png ), 
  why is moreno on the right now ? 
  what a shower of bastards, 
  that 's how i explain everything he does . . for some reason, 
  well he is belgian, 
  fuck me taxis are bitch in letterkenny . 
  $ 25 to go 14km is far too fucking high . 
  i can get out of derry for far fucking less when the distance is compared . 
  more buses need to be organised for nightclubs in rural areas because the cost is why you see people not being too bothered with getting in their friends car that has been sitting outside pulse for a few hours . 
  if your ever in the river club outside claddy it is a fucking nightmare lads with a few bottles landing up to give their drunk ass mates and whatever women they have managed to pull and go for a drive . 
  fuckall taxis and people trying to walk home to the town, 
  that is very fair . 
  go their once and you 'll never want to see a check shirt or brown shoes again, 
  any for pc ? 
  ragnars off i think migs has the arm band now with stewart in defense and randal in the midfield, 
  he 's seen a lot . 
  mothers and sisters being the same person and fathers being brothers .
