  leeds i like, 
  more like red bull and vodka newcastle, 
  yeah a recurring injury from when he joined us, 
  the wings . 
  after mane it 's ojo wilson kent woodburn as our choices there . 
  none over 20, 
  worked so far, 
  can you blame them ? 
  with their policy of only using basque players it 's amazing that they can fight so high in la liga, 
  also i think it 's part of the regions move for independence, 
  that 's kinda childish ... hehe, 
  shit get that wet platinum son, 
  woodburn us really reminding me of coutinho with his footwork, 
  pissing my self with stewarts shots, 
  they just do n't give a hoot, 
  klavans older . 
  lucas is only 29, 
  and they can fuck off, 
  i 'm really loving this game . 
  i love seeing the kids playing and proving their ability . 
  ojo and woodburn with some very tidy footwork , gomez with some tidy defending , taa with some brilliant runs and crossing and ejaria playing well to in the center . 
  could be euro, 
  try watching the us streams . 
  uggh, 
  well seeing as i 'm irish i do not have cable, 
  if we 're not winning then this sub turns to chicken little . 
  fucking sky is falling, 
  because we do n't have harry kane, 
  hmm klopp got a haircut, 
  i 'd say taa has the best chance of making it . 
  he has a wonderful cross is pacey , and is a stellar defender . 
  he is able to play as a fullback and in midfield . 
  his only competition for the right back place is clyne so if an injury happens he will certainly get minutes . 
  compared to woodburn who is in completion with coutinho firmino sturridge and origi and gomez with matip lovern klavan and lucas ahead of them he really has an easier route into the first team, 
  we played youth against burton derby and leeds all teams in the championship and in two of those games we won by large margins, 
  credit cards have bills too, 
  `` hope you got a powerful chin, 
  cause they say blowjobs are flowers for men, 
  i 'm a need about a dozen , go get your guzzling cousins, 
  and your trouser arouse us , we wilding again '', 
  - crooked i, 
  i think him and royce collaborated on phryme, 
  9 days ? 
  fuck thought that it was usually played a week or so before the next leg, 
  i think it 's just barca are a bit shit this season, 
  well if you do n't want i suppose we could take him back off you, 
  probably means since abramovic, 
  really you leave out the period up till the 13 season . 
  also we bought torres , alonso , mash , agger etc. 
  in the 05-09 period, 
  kuyt was good . 
  mostly as a winger, 
  edit also that suarez lad was n't bad, 
  yeah but that was mainly due to a bored that was tight as a ducks arse . 
  but you 'd know all about that, 
  while also having to sell players to buy . 
  we almost sold alonso to fund transfers and that caused him to leave . 
  you forget that under cunt and fanny flaps we were very close to administration, 
  the problem is that studies on climate change have been appearing since the 1890s . 
  it has been confirmed since the 60s . 
  the answer for climate change has been the same size the first solar panels appeared in the 1880s . 
  you ever have it before purification ? 
  it 's so fucking delicious, 
  he would be level or better than lovern imo, 
  i 'd prefer lead poisoning, 
  alonso as right back ? 
  i 'll be there from donegal . 
  should be class craic, 
  are you me, 
  i love fight music . 
  apart from the granny rape, 
  fuck it 's 40 here in ireland and thats with discrepancy given to the examiner to raise you up from like 35, 
  got 4 % in irish once was a point of pride for me, 
  the good old 60 min subs ahh, 
  a bit of carra in him, 
  you really proud of getting a draw at home . 
  obsessed, 
  costing themselves cl football as well, 
  fuck me morenos stealing a living, 
  3 wooodburn , williams and wilson, 
  because the golden god that is lucas levia scored for the first time in 7 years, 
  september 2015, 
  while standing on a fourth floor balcony at the sheridan while i 'm strechin it ? 
  yeah after rvp i do n't see arsenal as being happy to sell to united, 
  no its not a couple of years ago we got united in our second game in it, 
  i do n't . 
  he was being caught out at the back against plymouth , made a few good runs but was ultimately poor . 
  the same as all of his performances apart from the one against leicester ( ? ) . 
  would much prefer to go and buy a young fullback like ryan sessingon or targett to step up as milley gets older . 
  theres that kid we got from united as well . 
  i 'd prefer a young player that could either grow to the role or grow into a decent back up for the right player . 
  i only used them two as they are home grown ( and i use them in my fm save ), 
  easier to break them down on the wings, 
  that season he had played on the wing . 
  yeah never do anything guys think is cool to attract women . 
  we are playing 4-3-3, 
  i 'd say cout as a 10 and lallana in the deeper role, 
  had that crush going since i was like 6 . 
  we would 've had this anyway since he 's a pundit . 
  not really but he is really smart in using his body when battling off another player,
