  that 's like 104 straight days of raising all my baby regens . 
  did he not do the se with cheers and get rich or die tryin ? 
  well its really hard to pass a bath around you know . 
  he also made a decent liverpool team look like raw shite . 
  hodgson is not a good manager . 
  it did shit here in ireland . 
  ca n't even mind if it was in cinemas . 
  i did n't hear of it till i realised that fallout boy wrote the theme song, 
  i mind the first time i had tequila i did n't know how it worked so i downed the shot took a shot glass fill of salt and ate the slice of lime . 
  i spent 20 minutes running water into my mouth . 
  strange meets evil, 
  as the world turns ? 
  but football manager tells me its natural fitness, 
  [ better yet ] ( http://pooparcel.com/collections/frontpage/products/spring-loaded-cock-and-glitter-surprise ), 
  your head looks like your mother squeezed her thighs together as you were born . 
  i started life as a leeds fan, 
  euro ? 
  do n't know about cookies but heres an [ omlete ] ( http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=486881385 ) nsfw/nsfl, 
  hold on he said successful, 
  rather him than allen, 
  flegs, 
  slim shady needs a hair cut, 
  in in in i 'm not gay i do n't like men, 
  there us no one person that hears an eminem reference, 
  i also just started recently and i found starting at brand new day was a good point to start from . 
  it starts you off around the end of civil war which is the upcoming film . 
  ultimate is also a very good series and covers a lot of intros to spideys enemies and has a very good story . 
  how has no one said 8 mile . 
  lose yourself , rap name , rap game and others . 
  the cucklington thing was the highlight of eminems career . 
  amazon not having an irish site . 
  it annoying having to convert currency and having to have my packages delivered to the north, 
  i do n't think an of them would do a bit like michael jackson children 's hospital or maddie mcann jokes, 
  it 's a harry potter reference from when they run into fluffy and escape ron says we could of been killed and hermione says or worse expelled . 
  yep second name hunter the ages 10 through 16 were annoying, 
  jesus torres must have stepped it up . 
  yeah was going through derry to get to t vital a few weeks back and there was a few coffin dodgers with ni hates gays flags . 
  he changed it, 
  hey charlie was n't fat . 
  it 's her snapchat, 
  now a lot of eminem lines make sense to me, 
  i do n't really like toby because i thought his use of body language in the films was terrible ( i also hold the same opinion about bales batman ) . 
  but when i comes to peter i think i prefer garfield after he got his powers but i think toby was a better peter before . 
  you could see the rise in confidence in garfield 's ' peter afterwards but toby was still lacked any personality . 
  when it comes to spider-man garfield was much better at displaying the use of jokes as a way to vent his fear in the fights ( alot like spidey in the ultimate comics ) and that any he had more of a persona in the suit while toby was lacking in both . 
  i also do n't like toby 's voice . 
  ancelloti de boer etc. 
  sounds alot like house of the rising sun . 
  probably the coefficient, 
  fuck fuck fuck fuck cunty shitting arsenal fuck cock ca n't balls . 
  what the fuck is this shite, 
  but we also scored goals compared to what we have been doing with one up front which has been bad in all areas of the pitch . 
  ok but why do we have to sit through nervy 1-0 ,1 -1,1 -2 losses . 
  when was the last time we scored more than 2 goals in a game swansea ? 
  we have a team that should be able to score plenty of goals but we do n't which leads to the nervy atmosphere in anfield which leads to the opposition not feeling any pressure . 
  at the minute we are shakey all across the pitch in goal defense , midfield , and offense , withthe midfield failing to control the middle third even though we have 5 player in there with our usual 433/4231 . 
  so why do n't we try to thin out our midfield and have our player play quick attacking football . 
  obviously it might not be good for players like lallana and ibe who are very slow to release the ball and take too many touches but i think it might be better for firmino or coutinho and even for sakho who is very good at distributing from defense . 
  and to try to ease the pressure on our defense when we are under pressure our players need to be told to clear the ball rather than to play short passes in dangerous areas around our box , this means we could have benteke or sturridge/origi/ings ready to collect and to play off one another until we get to their box while our midfield follows behind to get into offensive positions . 
  this would help with our floundering with the ball around our box and apply some pace to our game rather than passing it around the final third while opposition teams press us till we lose the ball or pass it so far back that our threat is gone . 
  skertl was it not . 
  a stamp on can cost him a ban last year, 
  we only have one winger and that 's ibe . 
  so we may a well play to our strength and all that is through the middle, 
  iwatch ree do t his while the crazy frog was playing . 
  good decision . 
  wow this sub is full of even more cunts than i thought . 
  i 'm not even yellas biggest fan but it 's clear he is a good rapper but people are acting like taylor swift said she was releasing a hip hop album . 
  ireland during the war of independence and civil war . 
  it could start near the home rule period and go through the easter rising and the ensuing war . 
  like i know people are free to have their own opinions but fuck me a couple of people say similar shite and everyone and their donkey jumps on board . 
  it 's a pile of fucking shite . 
  so who cares about the opinions of the artist we are here for the music . 
  there is a reason people get away with beating women and selling drugs in this industry , and that 's because the music is something that helps people and makes everything alright for a few minutes . 
  just because you disagree with a mans opinions does n't mean that you should belittle his music which as far as i know does n't go into his opinions on flegs and other matters . 
  i do n't think he 'll last past the everton game really if this continues . 
  i think if it 's not klopp or carlos it could be one of de boer favre or emery ? 
  ( the sevilla manager ) . 
  all of them would be really good and has the potential to turn us around . 
  and a whole host of personal accolades . 
  fuck you tipper gore, 
  hol your horses lad wait to see if he performs for a full season first, 
  i 'm kinda in the same boat . 
  he 's kinda funny and sometimes can come good on emotional songs like good die young and is always good craic in the d12 music videos . 
  but alot of the time he is just plain shite which warrants responses like the one above . 
  he 's enjoyable as long as you 're not expecting him to live up to the rest of d12 . 
  i do n't think you know what a cunt is . 
  if you want to find out look in the mirror , dickrag . 
   best british manager/coach, 
  the north is part of britain . 
  no it is not you cunt . 
  it is part of the british isles not the british empire, 
  sorry but ireland is a republic nation same as the us or canada . 
  it is a big no no to put us under a british flag . 
  i imagine it is like two six shooter pistols being fired at the same time . 
  are you new to football yes he has had short spells recently ( chelsea psg madrid ) but before that he had an 8 year spell at milan . 
  is n't as bad as me u just make a new name up of things that are kinda like it . 
  ow i hit my ... arm ankle . 
  always fun explaining it, 
  but would lovern start for france of he was french ?
