  usually the atmosphere is amazing but this season it only seems good after we are ahead by 2 goals . 
  prefer lucas starting for the consistency . 
  call in general gerry . 
  really i think bale was as bad as clooney . 
  his body language is terrible throughout the films . 
  clooney was a good wayne but shit batman . 
  for me its like this chelsea united west brom city everton . 
  is that of one of the splinter groups . 
  the kinda of anti drug group , is that not a splinter group of the ira . 
  it has an irish name or something . 
  yeah lad got knee capped not too far from me recently . 
  apparently it was them . 
  liverpool ? 
  splinter group that i cant remember the name of its happened a few times . 
  usually its people known for dealing . 
  happens around the border counties . 
  fucking brilliant :d like something that would happen in football in the 70 's or 80 's . 
  really good . 
  very comfortable too . 
  ahh yes , the weekly pre-drink from 6 til 11 out til 3 home and drink til 7 in the morning . 
  i know it well . 
  the eminem show and relapse . 
  told one too many dead baby jokes to not be an arsehole, 
  nationality : irish, 
  position : rb, 
  screenshot please ? 
  put her breasts in my moth bruh, 
  is it not the one with syndicate and guns on it . 
  apocalypse now, 
  bit late . 
  no we do n't thats only for gaa jerseys . 
  might just be where i am , donegal man . 
  we also gaelic football gaelic the only thing that gets called football is football/soccer . 
  i would say coutinho and hendo are better players currently . 
  sterling is inconsistent and has n't been on form since late january . 
  amazing potential but he is young and young players are inconsistent . 
  it would be better for him and better for his potential suitors to wait until he is 22/23 before he leaves . 
  fair enough , but i would argue that hendo is very consistent . 
  since the start of last season he has n't had games where he totally disappears . 
  same with coutinho . 
  sterling can be a colossus on the pitch or as useful as mighty red . 
  the times he has disappeared are when he plays on the wing arguably his best spot . 
  i do n't think he will leave yet but unless liverpool start winning trophies and competing in europe it wont be long until he does . 
  hes the best when he plays well . 
  he also makes dozens of useless runs a game , gets backed up into a corner . 
  he is young and makes mistakes and wastes far too many chances . 
  he is also very good when he plays well . 
  as i said it would be better for him and potential buyers if he does n't leave yet . 
  i think it means to shoot him with a longbownot while he has it . 
  hendo has been detrimental to liverpool since the beginning of last season . 
  this can be seen after his red card in the city game last season the three games he missed we were piss poor . 
  shit against norwich chelsea and palace . 
  our formal just capitulated . 
  sterling started to preform after the christmas period . 
  coutinho was good for the first half season when he joined and in his second he was lackluster with some flair so yeah fair enough coutinho has only really emerged this last year but hendo has been performing for the last two seasons . 
  no football special ? 
  useless . 
  bon jovi - have a nice day . 
  eminem - the way i am . 
  fall out boy - dance , dance . 
  finishing secondary school in a couple of months . 
  the week off after the lc . 
  work and partying until college . 
  i know i will, 
  not a fan of the white sleeves on the home kit looks like a united shirt . 
  also the 3rd kit looks too dark . 
  he could with limited options at the back . 
  do you really trust glen johnson in a back 3 ? 
  i barely trust him at right back . 
  also hendo on the wing ? 
  he was terrible there when we started with the 3 at the back . 
  i think it could be a 433 . 
  would probably be steve-o 's face . 
  yeah in ireland our leaving certificate history class covers europe between and during the war , northern ireland during the troubles , usa between truman and reagan and ireland in the 20th century . 
  i would say on a global human scale ww2 was more devastating but ww1 was far worse for the soldier in the trench . 
  but that 's my opinion . 
  here we 're taught nothing past 1995 or something . 
  ahh yes the potato famine . 
  here we 're taught about 8 years on little support from britain , other than a bit of maize and road building schemes , bad inheritance practice and landlords not giving two shits about their residents . 
  it 's quite interesting and i recommend reading up on it . 
  u loved the one with the blue on it 10/11 3rd kit ? 
  also last season 's home kit was awesome . 
  i do n't mind leeds . . 
  yeah hes a beast in fm for me at least . 
  i thought he was going on a free with the 3 mil charge on young english players . 
  fuck you brenden fuck you, 
  do n't like it . 
  did n't want that stupid trophy anyway . 
  start packing ? 
  i thought it was from remember me on mmlp . 
  he runs and trys to make space . 
  i think with studge next to him balo can make room for studge to run into . 
   no supporter would be `` satisfied '' with finishing outside of top and no trophy . 
  * cough * arsenal * cough *, 
  you can imagine dumbeldore on the left beach with his wizard hat putting sun cream on his nose . 
  i think voldy said that he did n't attach himself to quirel until after the failed break in at gringots, 
  skertl in his rightful position of left wing, 
  is that not statapp 's tactic, 
  yeah could never get it to work for me . 
  i just go with 3 strikers and hope to out score everyone else .
