  here in ireland you bring the body back , leave it for 3 days while all family ad friends come a drink whiskey around it and then bury it at a church . 
  i 've never heard of having the whole thing at a funeral home, 
  the song is chase me by danger mouse ft run the jewels and big boi, 
  ft 50 cent, 
  jesus my heart still beats even watching that, 
  thought it was johnny vegas, 
  yeah makes it hard to get things done, 
  was 15 with some hefty doll at a teen nightclub . 
  it 's alot better than most of his lyrics but still weak as hell . 
  if joe decides to respond this lad has no chance, 
  it 's spelt with an i, 
  just remember finnan . 
  that 's what i do, 
  suppose he was just before my time, 
  fuck i 've got an erection, 
  what about soap ? 
  hey lads big fan . 
  was wondering what your opinion of fuck and morty is ? 
  if one of mane or salah get injured that 's coutinho out of midfield . 
  that leaves 4 players . 
  lallana gets injured every time he 's on england duty . 
  we need another dedicated midfielder , preferably a starter , for the team . 
  realisticly we need two players for each position at least . 
  so 6 midfielders for two positions would be perfect, 
  in my college in ireland there is about a couple of dozen black people out of about 5-6000 people in the college . 
  a fair few afro-caribbeans and refugees children from south africa . 
  the a smattering of indians , asians and south americans . 
  but this is a very rural area, 
  weird seeing a music video and knowing every single location in it, 
  it 's a town in donegal . 
  about 22k people live there . 
  but i think the show is based on a location in canada . 
  personally think a show based in the irish lk would be funnier, 
  would op fleg not be better, 
  i have 5 of the cute fuckers and they will clear two tins twice a day . 
  bowl will be spotless . 
  one will eat till it pukes so i have to watch it when i feed them, 
  last royal i to be associated was mountbatton by the ra, 
  if someone 's coming from a metal background i think run the jewels would be a good shout, 
  cornrow kenny, 
  basicly a shot of vodka in between, 
  you know we all love it, 
  i 'd say when they have them in a general post office, 
  just wondering why drugs . 
  violence , cars and girls are n't part of `` simple good music '' ? 
  i 'm a big fan of yela and love story is one of my favorite albums from 2015 , but he does talk alot about his addictions on that album and on this song in particular he deals with politics and police brutlaity ,, 
  are you talking about songs which glorify that lifestyle ? 
  or ones that make commentary on it ? 
  there is no such thing as `` simple good music '' . 
  most of the most popular songs of the last 50 years deal with drugs , girls and violence . 
  your title sounds like a suburban house wife that is scared that her son is listen to `` gang bang music '' . 
  this track and one more was produced by doom, 
  the only thing i can find wrong with it is the ronald wilson reagan - 666 bit . 
  it just sounds childish compared to the rest of the song, 
  muller is 27, 
  fuck that text looks like a fallout character with 1 intelligence, 
  love to see a uk/ireland bid for a world cup, 
  i do n't :d, 
  saved for august, 
  one plays midfield the other plays on the wing !!, 
  two completely different positions . 
  fucks sake , did you get shook as a baby ? 
  for once it 's quite pleasant in donegal . 
  he could look at sheep or ... drink not much else to do, 
  fuck you paid for an open bar ? 
  if that happened here you would need to file bankrupt, 
  robertson just . 
  milner is a shit cm . 
  winger is his position, 
  love lfc tv 's shite commentary, 
  it 's like looking at a panic !, 
  at the disco title, 
  if one of mane or salah get injured that 's counts out of midfield and on the wing . 
  we will be grand each of them will get 20 odd games plus sub mins, 
  we have an academy which was rebooted under radar and now just starting to bare fruit . 
  with the likes of sterling and ibe ( both brought in ) and now woodburn and taa now on the fringes of the first xi ( tea first choice back up ) our kids are getting a chance at least . 
  not many chelsea kids can say that, 
  2013 sam hart joined from the scum, 
  is it really worse than the luminous piss shirt we had last year ? 
  not anymore . 
  he retired, 
  did n't enrique wear jeans and a bomber in the cl, 
  will be there to, 
  that 's on matip . 
  should n't have put him in that situation, 
  who 's watching hurling on the youtube stream ? 
  all the adrian younge beats were brilliant, 
  i thought i was, 
  with apparition it is because it is very uncomfortable . 
  some people will then prefer floo and brooms . 
  i believe harry says that he would prefer brooms in his first experience with it . 
  with the boarding school i think it could be to form tighter connections in the magical world . 
  all of that generations future wizards and witches are there do it makes sense to have them be closer to form better business and working relationships for the future . 
  but werent the aurors mentioned to deal with giants in gof ? 
  could be that they dealt with other creatures like dragons and the like too, 
  i do n't think it far it makes the spell more powerful but the fact that 3 spells hit him at once . 
  but to the why would n't you always use 3 wands it could be that the spells might rebound off if each other or one mighty be aimed right and cause collateral damage, 
  carra , kuyt and reina in some coaching roles too, 
  i think the thing with that bunch of slytherins is that a lot of their parents were death eaters . 
  and those whose parents were n't were in an environment their house was kinda shunned by the rest of the school and their peers were influencing them into a kinda us against the world complex .
