  still have a couple of leads in my thigh, 
  and reina won 3 golden gloves when he was at his best . 
  the best keeper to have is one who is good at both . 
  unfortunately it 's a quite rare quality to find a keeper who is good at both so it means we will stick with migs and karius for next year . 
  just imagining reina pumping balls up to mane on the counter is nice . 
  would be mad dangerous with our frontline, 
  think it was milan he went to, 
  nah he 's poor in midfield . 
  if we need to he could start in the wing but hendo , can , wijnaldum , coutinho , and lallana are ahead of him for a midfield spot, 
  we 're getting over 10 degrees at the minute . 
  t-shirt weather, 
  every time i hear the spiteful chant i need to watch that trailer . 
  such a good trailer, 
  britain and ireland ye knob, 
  it was a term that the romans came up with to refer to the islands . 
  fortunately we are now 2000 years into the future and a lot has happened in that time including british conquering of ireland and irish independence . 
  because of this history between the two islands has left a bit of bad blood between them and we see the british using the term british isles as their way of stacking a claim to the island . 
  the government has rejected it as a term for the landmasses and prefer the terms britain and ireland or atlantic archipelago . 
  carroll , lambert , ballo , benteke . 
  we have tried a few in rodgers time . 
  the problem in my eyes is our game plan usually revolves around quick movement on the ball and our crosses tend to come in low from the byline rather than early and high that would work better with a benteke, 
  he does a podcast every week and seems completely fine . 
  he 's just rich and not as motivated . 
  painkiller already is the podcast if you 're wondering, 
  nah just stuff like japanese bug fighting , horse dildos , most fetishes imaginable , beef curtains and youtube shit, 
  one and a half . 
  he did n't really get going till around christmas last year, 
  some of them had service from sterling . 
  but the point is the way the game plan works . 
  fast movements and crosses from the byline . 
  the way these big strikers work is they like to get the ball in the air at height at about the penalty spot where as we put the ball in it is low and at the post . 
  this has made these strikers a bit impotent . 
  for us a striker closer to torres , suarez or sturridge . 
  but it is most likely firmino that will be starting up front . 
  he provides a trigger for the press from the front and has the best tackle from strikers in the league . 
  his movement and work rate are key in klopps current system . 
  if a striker with these traits us on the market and wants to come then i 'd be sure we will at least be in the hunt for him . 
  well to be fair at the start of the 2000s we did win a treble , 03 league cup and at least one second place finish under houllier . 
  but radar made us a european force from the mid to late 00s, 
  off the top of my head rodgers started him ahead if sakho and he continued to play like he was a blind man and then suffered an injury forcing sakho in greatly improving our defence . 
  then he came back and was on the bench a few games till skrtel got injured . 
  he has been good since about then . 
  so a season and a half . 
  a member of fsg own them, 
  it 's to push vvd to hand in a transfer request . 
  that way they do n't have to pay his loyalty bonus and wo n't look weak to you lads . 
  have used it my self . 
  pretty good i must say , but it does n't have an official desktop app, 
  are you my lecturer, 
  my top was snp , labour , and sinn f\u00e9in, 
  nah their west brits . 
  can fuck off the lot of them, 
  what a bunch of cunts, 
  the shinners wo n't take a seat in a british parliment . 
  could be fun tag team with the ira . 
  give the mail something else to try and slander jeremy with, 
  no no that 's the ira you just described, 
  well the plastic should help with the bombs at least ... 
  fan of el-p ? 
  murdock ? 
  when have the english ever gave a fuck about the north though ? 
  take a guess . 
  go on, 
  where in the name of fuck dies it cost $ 12 for fucking grapes ? 
  it 's like $ 4 here, 
  this is me trying to get my mates into a taxi after a night out, 
  no wonder there all fat, 
  can we just get our lick offs for the earliest time . 
  i 'm sick of starting work at the same time as every match, 
  wait two ? 
  i know of the danger mouse one but there 's another ? 
  new or off one of the albums ? 
  he did in the euros, 
  a rihanna feature is more likely to be a hit though, 
  for me it was harley and the dog, 
  mj from the spider-man animated series, 
  come on , black flag is one of the series high points, 
  well the licencing problem could be fixed on pc like it is with fm by just adding them in yourself, 
  for me that 's the best result of brexit, 
  looks like she 's a a rtj fan, 
  could play a wide attacking midfielder if it 's a four at the back . 
  hold on there red hood, 
  a ripped condom over moreno really, 
  and it 's gorgeous when you die, 
  an evans-houllier type job, 
  i 've started see wee mats in the bottom of them . 
  far better than urinal cakes . 
  if you piss really hard it 's starts making a froth that reminds me if beer head, 
  fuck the s * n, 
  for me it 's different i want united to be relegated right down to regional leagues . 
  but for everton i would honestly be sad if they went down to the championship . 
  my hatred of united was firmed during their success so i had to listen to their fans chat shite up until whiskey nose left . 
  but everton i enjoy because their is no threat . 
  ever . 
  their fans try to chat shit but are always left looking at a 5-0 scoreline when we play them . 
  it 's my favourite derby and even when they are successful we get shit like the mighty seven ( fucking lol ) . 
  when i 'm checking scored at work i check ours , then i check to see if united have fucked it . 
  it 's a pure hatred i have for united, 
  kolo when he was here , yaya too, 
  is it an american thing to not have the wake at your house ?
