  but idk it looks cool, 
  fuck it why not we already got a panzer in can, 
  [ this is my favorite post from / r/soccer on april fools day ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/1tngiu/norwich_signs_wayne_rooney/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link ), 
  have you had poit\u00edn before ? 
  well i was making a joke that methyl alcohol is weaker that poit\u00edn for the sake of fun . 
  poit\u00edn is known to be very strong , usually found in jam jars in a farmers shed . 
  the really tight stuff is like 95 % . 
  could we do hilary as well ? 
  but not the last time a young boy will be inside him, 
  i think he was would rather have this seasons miller than last seasons gerrard, 
  ah the poor man would want to sit down eventually . 
  would be a killer on the knees, 
  we already beat germany all we need is a little long, 
  acestream my man . 
  that suits getting me through the euros nicely, 
  hoping for spurs . 
  i think they will be really weak after being hugely embarrassed in their best season in years after losing the title to relegation flog and still finishing below arsenal . 
  we need to reestablish our dominance against them by returning to the 4-0 and 5-0 of seasons past . 
  try one of the local fan clubs they usually have tickets and sometimes you can get brilliant seats . 
  my last 3 times have been pitch-side at the kop and main stand, 
  [ so i hear you 're a racist now father ] ( https://youtu.be/6zkl91lzcmc ), 
  jivings the craic nowadays lad, 
  bring your rain coat, 
  fuck yes need to head down to that, 
  yeah i mind it was brilliant last year when the government accidently legalised drugs for a day, 
  thegreatwar on youtube what 's his name idris idel or something, 
  no you would n't, 
  yeah not sure who should be taking the set pieces though, 
  falling into poch and rodgers old failing of thinking hrs run too much, 
  i enjoy watching the english be shite, 
  yeah the only tines i cry is when someone close to me dies or when i watch band of brothers, 
  he did win a champions leauge, 
  i love my spotify . 
  they have n't charged me for premium in like 3 years i 'm just sitting here boping away, 
  fuck thats expensive . 
  its $ 7 for a 9 abd $ 10 for a 12 here in ireland, 
  nah we need 8 homegrown players for the league . 
  studge ings gomez clyne flanno hendo milliner and allen should fill that, 
  rock hard for the boiss in green, 
  if my first year french is correct that is chips not potatoes, 
  yeah but its not the same you get a good cream mash with cabbage and spuds and them you get chips sausages and a bit of red sauce in the corner of the plate . 
  that 's a world of difference for me, 
   `` wearing three flegs '', 
  ftfy, 
  * cough * david gill * cough *, 
  ex united executive was in woodward position left for uefa . 
  also was big chums with ol whiskey nose, 
  irish republican during the troubles . 
  was the leader of the hunger strikes and was elected as an mp . 
  they went on hunger strike as protest too the fact that pira members were not being treated as political prisoners but as regular . 
  this was around the same time as the dirty protests . 
  am from donegal its full of oaps and alcoholics , truly it is a mythical land, 
  best places next to the spice guru, 
  would it not be [ liverpool country ] ( https://youtu.be/ivsvnt5mutw ), 
  ive seen alot of united fans saying they would like to have him in their squad at the minute . 
  a really handy player and would be great to have an irish man in the team, 
  we have an ex united player in the u 21 ahould we sack him because of it ? 
  [ the fa right now ] ( https://youtu.be/apfb-gylznq ), 
  you did n't have to suffer with him as manager of the club you love for six months, 
  it 's a shitpost not a shit post, 
  i 'd also put fulton and george ahead of him, 
  i know it wo n't happen but imagine this goes full out with royce and the rest of slaughterhouse , but i suppose with that tweet he put out he 's not pulling them into this, 
  heard something similar, 
  he 's big , he 's black , he 'll break your fucking back , mamadouuuu , mamadou, 
  i remember moreno owning when he played for spurs so we could be in luck, 
  i think it 's how he is playing well . 
  before even when he was playing well he was near invisible unless you watched him now though he is part of the attack with brilliant runs and passing with the old ability to nip the ball from players toes and to make interceptions . 
  people like to see players attack and do n't have the patients for smart play that dosent involve attacking and making hard tackles, 
  well depends if you want to physically own them or just read them . 
  if it 's the latter then marvel unlimited would be the best bet . 
  thats a no brainier . 
  will blow your mind, 
  gta san andreas has gambling blackjack , roulette , horseraces if you dont mind an oldie, 
  sight transmitted disease, 
  i think it was in swindon, 
  i heard some noise of kent heading your way . 
  would he get much game time for you lads ? 
  if he does i need to keep a close eye on you lads . 
  kent is a very fun player to watch , if not a bit frustrating at times, 
  i think he played in the swindon game last year after he signed and before he went on loan, 
  was that wisdom nest to matip the whole game ? 
  firmino will be in the center with studge/origi/ings up top with couts on the left with mane on the right will most likely be the starting [ line up ] ( http://lineupbuilder.com/?sk=by9r6 ) at the start of the season, 
  the most i remember of him is being really shit with united . 
  then we have origi and ings good to go up top . 
  even then studge has been uninjured since march which in studge terms is amazing . 
  if he stays fit i think he will be rotated with origi depending on the opponent with origi providing more movement and pressing from the front rather than studges dropping into the midfield to get the ball and make a run with some quick one-twos to break open stubborn defenses . 
  dammit take our curse, 
  i think he would be just in front of one of the u 6 strikers . 
  he immobile , lazy , ca n't hit shite with a pelt gun and a cunt . 
  i would n't have him on the bench for a game against exeter . 
  if we need another striker pick one out of the u 21s like dhanda or woodburn they at least have something to fight for . 
  another walcott/townsend/lennon . 
  in ireland i never got id ` ed till i was 18 and was going out from 16 . 
  the only places that will id regularly is shops mainly . 
  yeah your employee laws are fucked . 
  i am in college and only work 5 days a week during the summer but i still get 2 weeks paid holidays . 
  i think it was more that he did not fit in the managers play style at the euros than him being shite . 
   suarez for all the good he did at liverpool he never actually won anything with them, 
  lies , he won the most prestigious cup ever the ~ ~ mickey mouse ~ ~ carling cup, 
  from the players i 've seen play i think these are all good choices and fit positions we need ( lb , midfield ) or are some of the best i have seen play for the club .
