  was that balotelli at the start ? 
  is that using punt of pound sterling ? 
  you obviously have n't been on the internet that long . 
  yep we all have . 
  do we still own him or is he off ? 
  well there is better videos with lisa ann in them . 
  pka ? 
  devil 's bit cider . 
  tastes like some one swilled 9 years worth of spitton spit with apples removed from the anus of a massive slug . 
  for me the problem with over the ears us that they are not practical for me . 
  i listen to music when i work or when i sleep so they are useless for me . 
  other than that they are better though . 
  well hagrid was a big man . . 
  meh , fuck the national teams . 
  they are of no befit to the club and england are always terrible anyway . 
  pkn is the 1 he midweek show while pka is the 4 he weekend show, 
  like 10 ` good ' shots to 90 bad would be realistic . 
  did suarez not have like 31 goals ajax that season ? 
  make sure he brings his clubs . 
  if most of them are bad then why only 1 english team won it in the last 10 years . 
  we 're fulham not runners up and it was chealsea that won it ? 
  that 's because the tournament is undersold here . 
  if you go back 20 years the winners of the ufea cup were a team to be feared in the cl the next season . 
  it does need to be reformatted but if the pl wants to keep its 4 cl spot english teams need to start performing in all european tournaments . 
  seems like something from top gear . 
  he probably out with john bishop . 
  point ? 
  my mate did a mix with this song but it started with the song suck on my big fat ... i threw a wish in the well . 
  fucking love when he djs . 
  away and scratch . 
  means get to fuck . 
  tennents due to lack of options where i live . 
  fuck shes dusty . 
  just seen this . 
  eventful as ever . 
  the language is not going to die completely but i hope the forced teaching of it at secondary level will . 
  after 6 years of being forced to learn a language i had no passion or need for i feel if chinese or spanish which actually has real world applications . 
  is that one of our new kits too ? 
  guilty conscience, 
  the 07/08 one was my first ever kit . 
  had stevie on the back too . 
  yeah her season was my favorite . 
  all of moffats companions soo far have felt lazy . 
  he just does his usual of love interest mixed with overly strong female character . 
  the only one i can stand is rory . 
  i 'm hoping moffat leaves the show so some of the characters become better without being contorted and overly used in his forced feeling story arcs . 
  you must have been busy lately . 
  only one i could stand . 
  i liked smiths doctor and capaldi but the stories and the companions are shite . 
  yeah . 
  seems like there is too much going on to actually understand what he is even saying . 
  we will just need to get wings as a guest then for our coveted fallout talk . 
  up until the age of 7 i was a leeds fan . 
  i quickly saw the error of my was when i saw i could actually watch football matches rather than have a text updater . 
  though i still have a soft spot for them . 
  a wee tour of ireland is it . 
  would be ecstatic if they played a game against finn harps or derry city . 
  a bukake she could drown in interesting . 
  i forgot how much i loved these songs . 
  i still hear horse outside in the clubs . 
  i would say our team during the 70 and 80s was far better than that team v real . 
  but how can you be less of a fan for not supporting football that is played at such a low level . 
  i have been to my local team finn harps on many occasions but i do n't have the same fire and love for the club that i get when i see liverpool playing . 
  harps are my local team but they are not my team . 
  but it will effect the enjoyment i get from a footballing point of view . 
  most of the time at a harps game its a few people standing around with beer and a bag of chips . 
  not exactly a rousing atmosphere so not much enjoyment there . 
  the only thing that is a positive about it is that they are local , cheap and i know a few lads that play in the youth teams . 
  but at anfield there is passion in the stands and international standard football . 
  i do n't hold a passion for the harps the way i do for liverpool . 
  i would n't be willing to spend hundreds of euro to watch the harps like i do for liverpool . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i just am saying that not all foreigners that support and english or spanish club are plastics or lesser fans than the locals . 
  the brewery is the only thing worth visiting . 
  yeah did thay on a 40 min flight just so i could proudly say i wanked in a plane . 
  i do n't know who i would proudly say this to but the opertunity will rise and i will rise to match it . 
  up until last year all i drank was coke and dr pepper and other minerals . 
  but my dad works for a food company and started bringing home crates of 24 bottles of water and since then i drink about 4 liters of water a day . 
  usually i feel alot better and it helps me get into a better sleeping pattern . 
  a wise man told me that holdin ' a grudge is like letting somebody live inside of yourhead rent free - royce da 5 ' 9, 
  it was from detroit v everybody . 
  but yeah hell : the sequel is brilliant . 
  i 'm not a big hip hop man but i do know music that i like and royce is one of them . 
  what i did this year past was e company from band of brothers . 
  my history teacher thought that concentrating on a single company or regiment was an interesting idea . 
  so something that is unique or lesser known and just not a general thing like wwii or something of the like . 
  your teacher should be able to tell you what to avoid and what might peak the markers interest . 
   just a general sense that the whole thing was overblown and all the sides in wwii were just as bad as each other . 
  ok i have never seen a sense that both sides were as bad as each other . 
  maybe a stronger sense that the russians were as bad as the nazis but not both axis and allies being equally bad . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm closer in a border county too . 
  but either way i 've never really heard any one say that unless they are trying to be edgy or just go against popular opinion for the attention . 
  yep was it was illegal in ireland until 1993 . 
  please tell me how you can keep reading them . 
  i have tried 3 times now i keep getting bored out of my mind . 
  i really want to read them but come on . 
  band of brothers, 
  now that is a weird mix . 
  my ol boy came from a very unionist family and is nationalistic as they come . 
  he has like 2 church elders as brothers in a protestant church .
