  shit i 'd be proud . 
  i 'd have raised an entraepnuer, 
  the young lad any good ? 
  think it could be good to have an american rising through the ranks if not just for the monetary gain . 
  seriously who would fuck that ? 
  shame sevilla could n't blow a 3 -1 lead ... 
  a manager with patience and trust in him , a clear out of the shit sifting through united and time, 
  mine is richard hunter . 
  school was n't fun, 
  the chase in the sower ? 
  loved that one but doing flying school on pc was a right balls, 
  yeah still wont get my hopes up . 
  personally looking for 5th with a league cup win and semis in the fa cup, 
  would love to see him bring leeds back up . 
  keep the expectations low and its hard to be disappointed, 
  i have accepted the disappointment already and am just enjoying the nice football, 
  firmino has created the most chances in the leauge and is equal on goals with cout . 
  he is in very good form, 
  that toilet could not handle my turds . 
  they stick to the walls of ordinary toilets like super glue, 
  more interchangeable . 
  i 'd you see your mate you say `` yes cunt '' . 
  but if someone takes the last slice of pizza you say `` you cunt '', 
  this is like a mr.new vegas radio show mixed with m.a.s.h, 
  in the scottish referendum 16s were allowed to vote, 
  i 'd say brewster and woodburn are a bit too young to get minutes in the prem yet , but maybe in the 3rd round of the fa cup . 
  could see ojo , lennon and wilson getting minutes at least off the bench during the afcon, 
  `` why is no one just whelmed '', 
  the debut flight of the balocopter, 
  i think dudek also took up some forms of rally driving, 
  balotelli ? 
  yeah try it ricky, 
  i 've never had a problem wearing anything and i 'm from a country town . 
  how do i become an offical, 
  yeah in bf4 i would top the leader boards with flash and like a 20/30 kill death ratio . 
  bf1 8 kills 30 deaths fuck all flags ... 
  thing is it was n't till i moved to pc that i got any good . 
  on cod on ps3 i would get 3 and 25 matches with good games being 6 and 18 . 
  seems i do better with mouse and keyboard, 
  i ca n't do that, 
  you reused that joke like your dad does condoms, 
  home v hull 08 08 season . 
  he scored a brace after a carra og, 
  come to ireland . 
  our government is too incompetent to do anything, 
  you can probably thank the murdock family . 
  gang of soggy turf cunts, 
  it needs work . 
  the car review and the studio time was good but the jordan bit was hit and miss with some good joke that got repeated too much . 
  if that bit was done with paint balls instead it would actually seem alot better but there was good stuff with the misfired rifle and the car review under fire . 
  the celeb death bit seems like it will go away but there are trying to milk it . 
  it was a stab at top gear that was funny at first but is old two episodes in . 
  overall this episode was alright got a few giggles out of me but has left me feeling like this is not top gear , which it is not . 
  imo there are trying to make their own bits that they have lost like the producers challenges/mr . 
  warbuton ( or whatever ) and the stig/the american ( god get this cunt off the show ) . 
  is this the doll that tried to start a beef with eminem after he dissed in a throwaway line on the shady xv cypher ? 
  first suarez goal i had seen ( took a hiatus from football after the owl fiasco ) . 
  i knew this was our next great striker even if it would take a year or two to hit the levels he could . 
  i mind that . 
  did he not do that a couple of times ? 
  hmm was there another keeper that had knack for scoring from there own box as well or am i misremembering ? 
  maybe . 
  damn i was sure ther was a keeper that scored a couple . 
  maybe it was all of the keepers just melded into one prolific keeper in my mind . 
  ah well . 
  i just drank a fifth of vodka . 
  dare me to drive ? 
  that 's where i head before a game when i 'm over . 
  had a.long drunken conversation with a dutch lad after the stoke semi last year . 
  hmm hmm, 
  girls dont like boys they like goals and sadio mane, 
  nah probably be someone like luis enrique, 
  could compete for a place on the bench with origi and ojo, 
  which league ? 
  i know which i would, 
  but i 'd rather do all my crying in a corvet, 
  not every thread is about us, 
  top scorer in seria a, 
  what the fuck ? 
  just the italians really, 
  hey what 's wrong with bon jovi ? 
  why not both ? 
  meh fair enough . 
  wonder if kellegher gets many run outs in training too, 
  so kanye will own the moon cool, 
  he 's scored 8 and has 3 assists . 
  count your fucking prayers you do n't have babel on the bench . 
  think its awoniyi thats on loan . 
  freiburg i think, 
  ah i was thinking of last season, 
  hoof ball ? 
  in january . 
  city for new years though, 
  he is one of those players who is all pace and dribbling but no end product, 
  at least his usernames relevent, 
  in 13/14 when we played arsenal we were 4 points behind too and that was in february . 
  still far too many games to go, 
  his first touch was absolutely abysmal today, 
  well there was hallies song and stronger than i was . 
  they proved he really should not sing .
