  ever . 
  well you can probably blame suge knight, 
  can was playing the lallana role in that game . 
  hendo was the defensive player though, 
  is that from doing the night line thing ? 
  cause that was good craic until my teacher decided to fill my wellies up with water, 
  i use it as a name for friends strangers and cunts, 
  yeah i think elton john helped with the talking thing, 
  yeah balls in the mouth that sort of thing, 
  yeah mines looks like a 3 year old with parkingsons did it, 
  kendrick has the ability to easily match the artist hes rapping with , wether its [ game ] ( https://youtu.be/tsmmuxzzum8 ) [ tech ] ( https://youtu.be/iks5ost4diy ) or [ pusha ] ( https://youtu.be/u-2cklbv21g ) . 
  also he has his own `` fast '' songs like [ rigamortis ] ( https://youtu.be/xpdx0kmuo5a ), 
  edit, 
  or his [ black friday verse ] ( https://youtu.be/okf5gotx9um ), 
  yeah my point was that he can change his flow so it will match up with the artist that he 's on with . 
  black friday i think is one of his fastest verses and he killed that shit . 
  also they do n't need to go fast for this to be a good song . 
  i 'd just want bars out the fucking ass which all 3 on here can provide . 
  if this happens i will be soo fucking puped, 
   i do n't think he 'd have anything of true worth to add to the song . 
  depends what way the song goes if it 's like speedom then maybe not but if it 's like a bme song with bars then yes and if it goes in to detail over a subject matter the he would be the best of the three, 
  can we do a hhh and ban emojis ? 
  please ? 
  fucking right for me, 
  will there be a black hippy version of my band ? 
  performances at youth level are not important . 
  it 's the development of the players that 's important . 
  not exactly . 
  at youth level there 's a lot of difference with players physical development , meaning these larger youngins will barrel through the smaller players with better technique due to height and weight differences, 
  snowball , pippa , milton , tabitha and ezekiel . 
  the older they get the closer the names get to the 19th century, 
  50 mil on a keeper ??!!, 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  only buffon has ever cost that much, 
  we 're also not very good at sacrifices, 
  would love for him to make it . 
  to have an irish player with liverpool again would be brilliant . 
  only ever seen finnan and keane . 
  we have a crap goalkeeping coach . 
  under him multiple golden glove winning keeper reina became crap , a very promising goalkeeper in mignolet became utterly shite , another promising keeper that was doing so well for aberdeen that they were in a chance of the leauge was very dodgy in his first team games , and one of the most promising keepers in the world came in and looked like a gold fish out of water . 
  and from what we 've seen he 's still not good enough, 
  you clearly have never been to ireland . 
  once you leave work on friday you drunk till you walk bleary eyed , chugging lucozade in to work . 
  he played well in one game . 
  if not making major mistakes is playing well then sakhos playing well too . 
  the man has no football brain , his crosses are dodgy as all hell , his shots are an injury concern for fans and worst of all a soggy condom would do a better job at stopping players from getting crosses in to our box . 
  it 's irish, 
  i was thinking like a darker j cole, 
  as far as i mind he was the one who did transfers like downing adam and carroll for us . 
  yep same at my job . 
  cleaning-me , bailing - me , grease trap-me . 
  think they did last season or the one before . 
  played city or madrid, 
  the corniness is probably why i like his rapping so much . 
  but really liking his singing alot, 
  even if they regularly went to the pub during the internment, 
  for a wee man lallana loves a fight . 
  after that one he had a run of fights in league, 
   bring back the purple squares i say !, 
  you evil man, 
  uhh the penis says no, 
  i like this curse, 
  it 's not extreme anyway . 
  where i am everyone from 10 year olds to old lady 's will curse . 
  it great, 
  nah fuck that 80 for any other club . 
  united multiply that by 10, 
  caulker back for the rest of the season, 
  be nice to see the tax money come to ireland, 
  be nice to him, 
  they go to ireland to pay very little taxes, 
  was there not an article that ronaldo and a few other players were using ireland as a tax haven a few weeks back ? 
  was at a party with a marquee that as set up out side a garage and my friend was steaming . 
  he wanted to go for a piss and walked outside the garage but did n't remember the marquee so he walked to the corner and pissed up the side of the marquee with a can in each hand , dick swinging in the air . 
  i tried to stop him but he was already started and when i told him he started walking outside , still pissing . 
  the cunt covered himself and two other people with piss . 
  it 's like the female soul patch . 
  medal of honor . 
  loved playing those games with my dad on ps1, 
  may not be as good as messi but fuck me he was so fun to watch . 
  everything was done with ease and a smile on his face . 
  i 'll get my chainsaw, 
  give him time . 
  give him time, 
  that 's what i do ... 
  can see him on his volkswagon driving from trying ground to training ground to check on his players, 
  yeah . 
  i 'd say he 's like wes hollighan in that he 's more technical than physical . 
  could play well in to his 30s, 
  at anfield, 
  worst bit is i 'm irish, 
  because origi plays through the center as he is a striker . 
  and firmino takes coutinho place on the wing . 
  it might be difficult to notice as the players swap around and origi likes to come in from the left like henry . 
  you notice it when you do n't see firmino in and around the box as much, 
  nah if you seen pre season he was a box to box with an ability to land on the box late, 
  alot of band of brothers was filmed here too, 
  the only games i mind him missing through injury is the first couple of the world cup in 14 . before that it was all bans, 
  always united, 
  yeah .
