  this compared to this year where the players have had to learn a new system and only had the conditioning that rodgers provided for a far lighter press will mean a lot easier time on our teams hamstrings ( of they survive to may anyway ), 
  yep those elbows are a great defensive utility, 
  i 'm going so i 'll see what i can do, 
  `` ok lads , pass it to luis '', 
  since i first saw them on tv in the cl on itv . 
  was the 04-05 season . 
  my dad , a leeds fan , said thru had no chance so i said let 's see a few months later i 'm with him watching gerrard put that header in and saying it 's all happening now . 
  i was 8 years old . 
  been heartache and cheers since, 
  a fan or a sub ? 
  [ heart of courage ] ( spotify : track :4 jtvywkwqtpvcrozf8jjkp ), 
  [ heart of courage ] ( https://open.spotify.com/track/4jtvywkwqtpvcrozf8jjkp ), 
  and we 're through, 
  the home shirt has a horrible pattern that looks like somebody started a tablecloth and decided half way to go to lines . 
  the white on the other hand is beautiful, 
  bulmers or magners cider had 12 pints on an empty stomach and then made 12 points worth of vomit in a plant outside the pub, 
  sounds like a good night then, 
  i still want to stand him . 
  sigh . . 
  do n't think he 's worth crisps of that quality maybe walkers ready salted is more of a price people will pay for him, 
  rush , best , dalglish , gerrard , charlton , etc ? 
  best in the last few years maybe but not ever, 
  spider-man and spider-man 2 enter electro on the ps1, 
  he has a wife ? 
  is he not like 20, 
  nah i mind pires doing it with henry but they fucked it, 
  hope he does n't could n't stand having to see him for england, 
  if you were chatting about his firm since his forced early return from injury you would be right . 
  but if you want to talk about his season as a whole since he took over from lovern after the fist month of him playing like a retarded dog then you are wrong . 
  between his start to the season to his last injury he was a rock in a shoddy defence . 
  so kinda similar to xabi, 
  slow , play-maker more than dm kinda sounds like a really loose xabi description ,, 
  tennants . 
  it 's cheap and in every pub in my county, 
  yeah and that brilliant verse from stay wide awake [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/5iwfugg.png ), 
  was n't he at athletico last season ? 
  ahh the irish elections . 
  we are truly all fucked, 
  in ireland it is 3 month summer , 3 week christmas , 2 week easter , 1 week halloween , and 1 week mid term around the time of rag week . 
  you d realise fmm involves things of a homosexual nature l. i think you would prefer a mfm one, 
  fmm means women on man on man so a man is putting it to a man in it, 
  that new keeper would need to fair and shite just to compete with migs, 
  i think jon flanagan would make a decent dm . 
  he seems to have a goo ability to read the game a has no fear to go into a tackle a send a man to the fucking stratosphere . 
  airrgh if it 's revenge you want , it shall be revenge you shall receive, 
  kyle ? 
  hated irish and always will . 
  had shite teachers the whole way through school . 
  only managed a c in foundation in the lc . 
  i would love to get back all those hours i spent just bored out of my mind looking at some i do n't understand and after a while having no want and more importantly no need to learn it . 
  i would have loved to have the opportunity to learn something useful like spanish or german in my school . 
  glass house is through shady records but this is through royces label . 
  shady execs probably want to maximize sales by picking a release date for it . 
  would love to go to it but i 'm stuck at work . 
  anyone know if it 's on rte or if there is a stream ? 
  being the only sober one in a game of never have i ever, 
  as far as i know only if they are in the same country . 
  so i 'd we wanted to recall jones from blackpool we could but if we wanted to recall maloughliin from aberdeen we would need to wait for a transfer window . 
  but there also needs to be a recall clause in place . 
  see this is why i dream of punching nuns . 
  i 'm irish we had our fair share of nun scandals over the years . 
  i feel it 's justified . 
  you ever hear of the laundry rooms in ireland ? 
  look it up . 
  not a good history there, 
  could see the lad who done dr cox as jjj now, 
  * cough * chealsea * cough *, 
  hey a harps fan good to see a fellow donegal mam here, 
  they have internet in gweedore ?? 
  one more and we 're level for most i think, 
  ibe did n't score his first goal for us till this season, 
  a blast from the past but cisse always was a surprise . 
  not always pleasant though, 
  together they make one helen keller, 
  nah fuck the children this is our night, 
  are we still doing phrasing ? 
  wahheyy a fellow donegal man, 
  can you stick in the song that had kendrick lamar on it from asm2 . 
  his verse on that always gets me pumped . 
  winner ? 
  ireland, 
  runner-up ? 
  best player ? 
  shane long, 
  worst performing team ? 
  northern ireland, 
  dark horse ? 
  poland, 
  top scorer ? 
  shane long, 
  breakout star/young player ? 
  bold predictions ? 
  germany will have a good tournament, 
  there we go, 
  what the fuck dude, 
  yeah i thought i was on 4chan there for a minute, 
  that 's e not an a !, 
  this dude wants to leave me a massage he 's gay !, 
  i got into football ( soccer ) by grazing a team and let it just takeover my life . 
  liverpool is mine and i spend most of my free time watching games press conferences following transfer news , watching youth games , fuck anything red and i 'll follow it .
