  it is played by 11 men . 
  not one . 
  yes he improves them significantly but they are not on par with the best teams . 
  neither are portugal . 
  if ibra or ronaldo are marked out of the game and the team loses its not their fault . 
  the opposition has only one real threat . 
  if the team around them are up to par though it is a lot harder for the opposition . 
  you need more than one player to succeed in this sport . 
  but over a full season it is a different story . 
  a player ca n't come up big over 38 consecutive games . 
  private bull shit, 
  football manager 15 and apocalypse now ... ok, 
  try potcheen . 
  stuffs lethal . 
  my mate gave me some and after a shot told me he used it . 
  as a horse tranquiliser . 
  fun times . 
  also if you have any water the next day you 're drunk again . 
  my last names hunter . 
  my first names richard . 
  dick hunter . 
  fred and george weasley . 
  brilliantcomic relief in those books . 
  first time i cried while reading a book, 
  the craic is mighty lad . 
  oh i thought it was not safe for master race . 
  first time i seen a horse fuck a man to death . 
  still in europa, 
  ah yeah forgot about that . 
  poor chris, 
  do you know why my hands are so numb ? 
  it 's cause my grandma sucked my dick and i did n't cum . 
  yes but the seria a has fallen from its former glory . 
  teams like inter and ac are in the position we were in 4 years ago . 
  the only team that can compete in the cl to a decent level is juve . 
  fuck me what a waste of a class . 
  40 minutes a day learning that useless shit when we could be doing some thing useful like teaching how to use a computer to these computer illterate fucks . 
  same here i 'm doing foundation irish for the leaving this year . 
  found-fucking-dation . 
  that like 5 cao points . 
  fuck that shit . 
  looking to do applied computing in ly it . 
  heard it in the river club a few times . 
  but in my local bar they play you 'll never walk alone at the end of the night . 
  fucked in the head, 
  or from northern ireland . 
  england do n't have too bad of a young squad either . 
  sterling , ibe , barkley , stones kane , sturridge , henderson , hart , shaw , clyne , wilshere , lallana , berahino . 
  not a bad set of players with sterling and barkley looking like potential world beaters . 
  edit :, 
  forgot that they 're still playing hodgeball though . 
  be a while before they win anything . 
  so chinese new year is offensive but your username is n't . 
  always g there when i do n't get into voodoo . 
  freils bar , raphoe , donegal . 
  love when the shitty karaoke gets up and going . 
  brown eyed girl . 
  well your arsehole does n't suck the water up ; into it . 
  youngest captain in ligue 1 and grace vice captain . 
  he has the qualifications . 
  donegal ireland, 
  remember the changes will come at 70 , 77 and 85 minutes . 
  clit-ball . 
  sounds like a weird sport . 
  as the world turns ? 
  the reason i started to support the club . 
  loved watching as a kid . 
  that 's from an eminem song right ? 
  just lose it . 
  the only person mentioned that tits hang lower than your balls . 
  dafaq that cant be true most men where i 'm from ( donegal ) are about 5 ' 9 to 6 ' . 
  the women are tiny though 5 ' 2 to 5 ' 6 the majority . 
  i know our pain . 
  for me his positioning could be better . 
  a keeper gets a lot of superlatives when he makes amazing saves . 
  but amazing saves usually are made when a keeper is out of position and just reaches it . 
  while a keeper that is always in position will get the ball and not just get his finger tips to it . 
  he will not get a whole 10 minutes on match of the day talking about it . 
  it just him making his job look easy . 
  he 's been solid for this game and half of the city game . 
  the rest he was only on for 20 minutes . 
  i hope he proves me wrong but fuck he is not preforming and if we can get anything over 10 mil for him ill be happy . 
  people calling for balo to be sold after his bad games yet lovern gets more time ? 
  ridiculous . 
  i think can is good in the defense . 
  he is another attacking a option then . 
  if there is another defender there it removes that attacking option . 
  true but none of them started this badly . 
  how many goals has lovren been directly responsible for . 
  i would love for lovren to succeed here but by god every time i watch him he looks one touch away from costing us a goal . 
  his positioning is still bad , even though it has improved but he left space between him and moreno that could have been exploited . 
  might solve that problem by moving him into the center but skrtel has been too good there . 
  his tackling and marking leave a lot to be desired too . 
  that said he is a liverpool player and i hope he does well . 
  is clits out an improvement ? 
  the facilities are very outdated . 
  the blokes toilet it basically two walls of urinals with 2 stalls and a single sink . 
  the floor does n't really feel level and the food is really expensive . 
  inside the the stadium is amazing . 
  really close to the pitch .
