  also mainly because i was in the kop for that game . 
  stevie g, 
  time for a shot then . 
  i think brenden is going to take stevie off at 60 mins and put on moreno and switch them around . 
  at least that makes sense . 
  we defend like a team of seven year old a with spina bifida chasing a lady bugs up a hill . 
  a real technician, 
  lambert or bal ? 
  is murphy watching the same game as me coutinhio has been nothing but selfish all game . 
  i have never heard of this practice . 
  i did this at work and my boss told me i should of pinned the blame on someone else . 
  you should google japanese bug fights . 
  might interest you . 
  pka ? 
  jesus christ , when the fuck is there a holocaust movie with a happy ending ??? 
  trailer park boys ? 
  i recognise his name from football manager . 
  never used him much . 
  inbetweeners ? 
  that 's good . 
  i love our bad guy . 
  a lot of the time they seem to give the most . 
  mash and suarez . 
  fair point . 
  but if icardi did come and scored 20 goals a season i would n't give a fuck if he was humping everything that was n't tied down . 
  i think the main reason i 'm defending him is due to the fact he just won me the cl in football manager . 
  7 your dick must look like a dehydrated raisin . 
  i seen him at the world cup . 
  he looked quite good , though that may have been because i was surprised at how decent the swiss team was . 
  would n't mind having a few of lichenstiner rodriguez or xhaka . 
  cool america . 
  upvote for flegs . 
  did you forget ireland too ? 
  fair enough hard to be the top alcoholic country if the population is only 4 million . 
  but we do specialise in the most drinks eg whiskey brandy cider potcheen . 
  so we got that u suppose . 
  scotland runs close with whiskey and france does the same with brandy but i prefer the irish style in jamesons and henny . 
  and potcheen is an irish drink through and through . 
  get drunk during the night and have some water the next day and your full as fuck again . 
  but iiori is injured . 
  they do but it looks like they taught you to be a wank stain on humanity . 
  bag of crisps and rubber-band . 
  ah joe , do n't know if i like him or not . 
  he 's a decent player but i do n't think he adds much to our game . 
  he 's ok offensively and ok defensively but i would prefer hendo who excels at both . 
  but joe would be decent as a sub or a back up . 
  i think it was from an interview from red men tv . 
  they do n't use it though as it 's homophobic . 
  i think he also played for city too . 
  just studge . 
  his injured . 
  enda the bellend ( kenny ), 
  hmm ml ireland is limited when it comes to beer . 
  bud miller stella and tennents are about all i 've ever seen on tap . 
  fall out boy . 
  i do n't even want to ask . 
  fuck me i love jamesons . 
  that and bushmills are the best . 
  henny and white . 
  i was getting served in pubs at 16 . 
  shit must be tight in the us . 
  i wanted you to leave dre out so i could say you forgot about dre . 
  it is not his reflexes that are in question it 's his command of his area , ability with his feet , rushing off his line and his distribution that are in question . 
  he has improved these though . 
  marko has n't been brilliant put sterling on the wing and balo up top ? 
  i am now that you reminded me about it . 
  johnson on ... annnnnd we out of the cup . 
  i think it is the terrible quality of her music that makes me want to shave a piano down her throat . 
  facial piercings . 
  nobody likes shit dick . 
  i look at my turds and wonder `` that 's how big of a dick i could take , neat '' . 
  bur was it paradise by the dashboard light ? 
  i 'll be in the crowd for stevie 70th game . 
  how do you know you have n't developed time travel ? 
  loved it when the west ham fans were singing about studge being a ` shit carlton cole ' . 
  was sitting right close to him too . 
  him and ibe had a good we laugh about it . 
  was it not a sit luis suarez then it turned into a shit carlton cole . 
  was over near the away fans . 
  about 5 rows up . 
  / r/glorp, 
  did you mean position ? 
  because if so if we go back to a 4 at the back he could slot in there . 
  or as a rcb if can is moved forward . 
  he is still young plenty of time for him . 
  did you mean position ? 
  because if so if we go back to a 4 at the back he could slot in there . 
  or as a rcb if can is moved forward . 
  he is still young plenty of time for him . 
  thank the holy fuck, 
  jesus i need another beer, 
  at least your not dead . 
  yet . 
  shot through the heart and your to blame you give love a bad name dududududud, 
  no bother . 
  jesus christ you are dumb . 
  it 's is not one players fault for a team under performing . 
  if you put ronaldo in a leauge 2 side it does not mean he will be blamed for them not winning the fa cup . 
  gerrard was an immense player , but it is hard to win the leauge if you are playing with the charlie adams and konceskeys of the world . 
  football is a team game .
