  i love nothing better than arguing with my uncles about religion and politics . 
  really like the shady records era . 
  em , obie , 50 , d12 all were brilliant . 
  dear jesus i know right . 
  and every single shot seems to taste like it . 
  ca n't i get drunk quickly without a shite taste in my mouth . 
  rsk . 
  saved, 
  no i think keane is . 
  wait this is a thing ? 
  wisdom maybe but id rather keep manq . 
  lads going to be a star . 
  i can think of 50 million reasons . 
  i think you 're overrating the kid . 
  he has the potential to be the next bale or he could be the next aaron lennon . 
  what we have at the minute is a brilliant kid who does n't want to be here and as we seen in the last couple of months it seriously affects his game . 
  if i was liverpool i would take the money and run . 
  he is replaceable . 
  or he could be the next lennon nothing is dead set . 
  and it not as if he is like suarez and is irreplaceable . 
  do you know what type of a player he is ? 
  is this a joke it better be a joke, 
  but studge origi inks new striker and lambert is a lot for the one role . 
  time to put that crack pipe down lad . 
  hey thats where im going next year ( hopefully ), 
  yeah but it would be a lot easier to score if you 're playing as i striker compared to a wingback i would think . 
  but he is also 2 years ? 
  younger . 
  if i remember right sterling was about the same when he came in . 
  true but if sterling could strike the ball without think he is playing gaelic and going for a point he could probably have a very decent goal return and be touted for similar money to pogba . 
  also if you say that raheem was already established in the team at this age you need to compare the teams they were in 12-13 we had a very poor team making it far easier for sterling to make it but the year after that we had a very tight team that was playing really well together and was on a title charge . 
  also the thing that has annoyed me about raheem during this saga is the fact that his performance levels dropped dramatically after about march . 
  there was games where i could n't tell he was even playing . 
  he did n't prove himself to have determination to keep playing while he was surrendered by controversy . 
  it might the beer was expensive as fuck last time i was over . 
  i 'm not saying that sterling was the only one that underperformed after the united game but i think his decline started about the time that all this shit started coming out . 
  also about ibe no being able to play int he 13-14 season it would have been near impossible for anyone to break into that team as nearly every game was a title decider after the stoke game and that pressure would not be the best for a young lad just starting to come into the team . 
  but at the minute i think raheem is far better than ibe but in 2-3 tears well we 'll see . 
  ibe gives me the same feeling of excitement that raheem gave me last year when and i hope both these lads have brilliant careers either here or anywhere else . 
  is n't lovern a left sided cb like sakho is ? 
  so ilori would be the best suited to partner sakho, 
  umm ... 
  i think that is the most i have enjoyed looking at a penis . 
  it was 16 mil . 
  and liverpool . . 
  any particular brand ? 
  fuck i work in a shop i 've never charged for a bag . 
  fuck i either froze or microwaved bees . 
  ( http://www.japanesebugfights.com/ ), 
  did he give it to ya ? 
  i think we were already top from the 2-2 hull game before hand where gerrard got both the goals . 
  speedom speedom, 
  rape squad killlasss !!, 
  liked the little aspas remark . 
  jesus the fecking commentators, 
  mama !, 
  wooo, 
  lived the spider-man games on the ps1 . 
  actually just bought a ps1 to play it again . 
  bound to be better than little women of new york . 
  booo . 
  buy more crack . 
  sounds like a fun guy . 
  painkiller already, 
  emma watson and the english doll from agents of shield . 
  he has also played like 30 minutes in the last 2 years . 
  the man 's done . 
  i mind o nearly landed in omagh during a night out . 
  the mallen i think, 
  that was it . 
  i may have been a bit full when i heard it . 
  thry meant chips as in fries . 
  fuck that if i see a player i want my damn shirt signed . 
  yeah rodgers needs to get off his crack pipe and realise sakho is a mile ahead of anyone else in our defence . 
  mac from always sunny ? 
  this is the lovern i remember, 
  di i hear bills playing in the stadium ? 
  pka ? 
  male , 18 , just finshed lc , working in a shop , 200 - 300 per week depending on overtime sundays ( time + 1/3 ) and bank holidays . 
  not til december, 
  i 'm with you . 
  but what the fuck is icp and juggalos ? 
  are they the ones with the clown make up ? 
  i only know them from iasip, 
  huh they must just be big in the us . 
  but either way i like both tech and hopsin for nothing other than i like the sound of their voice . 
  bound to better than devils bit, 
  both of the original spider-man movies . 
  they aged so badly that i ca n't even watch them . 
  not really a villain but more of an anti-hero . 
  but still i loved her in returns . 
  i 'm sure stevie will be up there wit dome phil collins too, 
  he 's on trial, 
  fuck me 13 in the grantham cambridge match . 
  stop i can only get so erect . 
  yep i have been playing it for a year so far i have spent 2500 hours playing the game . 
  is he not right sided he had never played lb before he came here only cb and rb . 
  which is probably a big problem, 
  football manager . 
  2500 in the last year .
