  any chance of another song with doom sometime ? 
  loved november has come, 
  nights like this i 'm a knight like this , sword in my hand ' i fight like this, 
  the blacker the berry, 
  got ta love that double pay ... 
  american ? 
  yeah in ireland bank holidays are double pay . 
  only thing that gets me through them, 
  ahh right . 
  thought it was an american marveling at what decent work laws look like, 
  hmm alot of us towns are named after places in ireland and the uk are n't they, 
  paying $ 1.50 or whatever for gun camos in cod . 
  their out their man, 
  yeah canada has a few too . 
  letterkenny is the one i notice as i live next to the one in donegal . 
  was pretty weirded out when i saw a 5th show called letterkenny, 
  the workshops decent, 
  we can still but foreign younguns but not english ones, 
  how many times this season has sturridge came on , looked good , started the next game , been shite ? 
  or gotten injured after a 6 min run out ? 
  if rather origi up top and developing than to continue the sturridge cycle for the last 3 games, 
  origi played against a defense that had n't just played 80 minutes of football . 
  sturridge played against a defense that had played 80 minutes of football . 
  sturridge would have struggled just as much as origi and we would have been worse off for it as we would have missed out on the ability to press for a game . 
  sturridge would have jogged along because he is terrified of sprinting in case that how he gets his next big injury . 
  i have loved sturridge when he has been fit and firing . 
  13/14 , the tiny bit of 14/15 and the last stretch of last season . 
  unfortunately this season he has been gash in all of his starts in the leauge . 
  he ca n't keep up with the press in our system and when we lose the ball we look a man down . 
  sturridge will be sold come the end of this season . 
  origi will still be here next season and will be a big part of our rotation in the cl . 
  he needs game time to make sure he is ready . 
  now is a time we can give it to him rather than being stuck next season, 
  football fwend, 
  lovren is not a leader he has shown that he can not lead a defensive line . 
  he has need fonte , sakho , or matip to do that he is a good partner but not a leader . 
  yeah milner is a better winger though, 
  those people are cunts, 
  well yeah . 
  thwts why we dropped moreno, 
  nah listened to them recently . 
  she hits her over the heart with a curse, 
  yep t ` was the vikings if i mind correctly . 
  good ol raping vikings, 
  let me put the head in, 
  oh so rodgers philosophy . 
  was wondering where he learnt that, 
  pack, 
  yeah that was what i was referring to with, 
   was wondering where he learnt that, 
  he was terrible last year . 
  he is overall a very poor player with little to no defensive ability and lacking in his crossing and shooting . 
  he gets love because he has pace to burn and makes up for defensive mistakes with tackles from behind ( similar to skrtel when played in a high line ) . 
  he will be sold and we will better for it . 
  better to have a couple of million from a spanish side than a liability and waste of wages on the bench, 
  they fucked, 
  home game was 2-0 . 
  was it not the 60th or the 66th ? 
  come the fuck on lad . 
  napoli , roma inter , milan and lazio are all good teams on there day . 
  some better than us . 
  throw in turin , sampdoria and udinese and you have a very strong league . 
  better than france easily and about on par with us, 
  napoli is better than us . 
  roma could give us a run for our money easily . 
  i 'd say united , arsenal and ourselves would struggle against most of them . 
  the prem is not the hot shit you believe it to be . 
  might be the most interesting to watch due to the league being similar quality but it is not the `` best '' . 
  other teams from the content would easily battle against our top 7 . 
  could all compete in out top 6 and some could easily win the league . 
  calling the league competing for the 3rd coefficient spot with us sunday league is just down right ignorant . 
  and england ?? 
  leicester made the quartewrs sure but arsenal , city were out in the last 16 and spurs bowed out in the groups . 
  year before arsenal-last 16 , city-semis , united-groups , chelsea-last 16 . 
  2015 - us-groups , chelsea-last 16 , arsenal-last 16 , city-last 16 . 
  chelsea won in 2012 sure but since then we 've been just as wank in europe as the italians . 
  they have 3 teams at least who would compete with our top 6 . 
  more probably . 
  if you look farther out in europe i 'm sure shakter and the like would finish in out top 6 . 
  the english league is shite at the moment . 
  for all the money being spent there has been backward steps in european competitions . 
  since city became competitive in 2010 or so and our drop off british tams have done worse and worse in europe . 
  this is probably due to teams not knowing how to recruit and develop players and will need and full overhaul from top to bottom in the coaching courses and youth academy 's . 
  until then italy will continue to grow stronger until it will surpass england . 
  lad have you ever actually sat down and watched a serie a game ? 
  or a budesliga game ? 
  you 're not looking at these teams properly . 
  sure juve and bayern are a level ahead but they are top 5 in the world easily . 
  the rest of the league is very good quality . 
  in a few years the milan teams will be in europe again now that they have backing , napoli will continue getting stronger , roma will have their new stadium and lazio if they keep inzaghi signs a new contract will only get stronger and of course juve will still be a world footballing power . 
  can you say the same about the english teams ? 
  united are struggling with a top team and show little sign of progress , city are n't in a bad position , chelsea the same , arsenal are due a big fall that will only be hastened if wenger leaves , spurs wo n't be able to compete if they do n't change their spending habits , everton might be looking good if they are smart with recruitment and we are in desperate need of cl football to continue with our development . 
  the rest of the league will rise and fall with the tides but english football is suffering from not being smart . 
  england have all the money but are buying overpriced players and developing brainless players . 
  we have some of the best managers but are failing to buy the right players instead favoring `` the next big thing from abroad '' . 
  if united buy griezmann when he does not fit the system at all it will be another di maria job . 
  if we look at sevilla or even southampton you can see smart recruitment at work will not breaking a transfer record . 
  english football is not in a good way . 
  i remember robbie williams saying it 's like watching your favorite pub burn down, 
  i 'm comparing two `` one club leagues '' .
