  an ordinary death for an impossible girl . 
  ah but it is still better . 
  you said it yourself, 
  still better, 
  leno horn begovic etc. 
  all top keepers plenty in the talent pool, 
  would love to double the size of my bone, 
  you i like you, 
  we love you rickie we do you 've equaled balo with two, 
  oirish sounds like a like a western accent mayo or somewhere, 
  i think with my dick so come blow my mind, 
  what about can instead of allen, 
  i think that although a decent passer of the ball he 's just to weak when playing against the bigger players . 
  can plays well can pass run and can bully the opposition . 
  yay a success !, 
  he has scored in every game he has played this season . 
  fuck off you waste of 4 minutes effort, 
  godfather, 
  casino, 
  goodfellas, 
  you are a waste of 40 seconds effort !, 
  liverpool fan ? 
  justice for the 96, 
  yes, 
  you obviously are n't drinking enough . 
  is that not the point ? 
  pineapple ham pepperoni jalape\u00f1o chicken mushrooms sausage doner meat, 
  at least the grass would be well fertilised . 
  but not in mine . 
  18 and if you are curious it was meant as a joke . 
  richard hunter aka dick hunter got shit for that at school . 
  * item, 
  * item, 
  being 18 and able to get into clubs sucks not getting in . 
  i 'm with you love that song . 
  really love that part about the batman shootings and the whole of the last verse . 
  i think if br is n't going to use borini he may as well use a youth player like sinclair on the bench . 
  he would be better than leaving lambert alone in the squad . 
  the only thing i keep from my dream is the bonner, 
  i think the one of the problems with rodgers is that he is not used to having a large squad . 
  he makes his selections to keep as many of the players happy as possible . 
  but he also freezes players out if he does n't like them ala sakho and borini . 
  our best defender and back up for our one available striker . 
  he wo n't eve shove a youth player like sinclair on the bench for backup . 
  no it certainly does not . 
  i think it was em that said that . 
  nathan carter ? 
  fuck off and do n't remind me . 
  incase you missed the memo they all have . 
  same here have always liked him since he moved here . 
  just saying everyone is a bit shit at the moment . 
  even raheem . 
  but they 'll pull through . 
  the big problem is that everyone is out of form and the results are not helping . 
  a few scrappy 1 0 wins might get some steam built up . 
  get a goal and defend like it 's a cup final . 
  the problem is that it seems like rogers forgets he can park a bus . 
  hopefully we can go out and play without the expectations of last season after hitting this new low , a loss at united , and bang in a few goals against bournemouth . 
  at least that 's how i regain form in football manager . 
  if it works there it should surely mean it will work in real life . 
  i preferred rafas idea to use him as a striker, 
  i do n't think it would be all that effective . 
  he would be caught out of position a lot . 
  he could be useful as a striker or even a winger like he use to be under raga for a while . 
  no pace but his shooting and presence in the box would be useful in the last 20 mind of a match . 
  saying that it up to brendon . 
  i agree with you but i also think the his backroom staff have to take some blame . 
  the goalkeeper coach artchburg ? 
  is useless . 
  and also the lack of any sort of defensive coach hurts us at the back . 
  i also think a dof would be great as rogers is very inexperienced and could use help . 
  i would only replace br if a manager with experience came available klopp , rafa , de boer . 
  but until then go br . 
  decent . 
  damn you bubbles damn you . 
  my first ever match . 
  3 rows in the kop and gerrard scoring 2 lovely goals to get us level . 
  he did his knee slide right over where i was say . 
  hull 08-09 . 
  one step at a time, 
  i think he got most of it from the hedge fund and became a billionaire from poker, 
  moreno on for cout and bring lazar up, 
  no can please, 
  i 'm going to the west ham game . 
  hoping for some form for our boys . 
  jesus , she was already raped by a pack of centaurs . 
  would n't be much left . 
  could drop cout and move marko up the field, 
  was puyoul ? 
  not spain and barca captain ? 
  i always think his new stuff sounds a verse short , kinda unfinished . 
  25 to life is a good example, 
  at least ye can have a wank to ariana . 
  i get is a challenge wank if i ever seen one . 
  fat ronaldo was out for a while and came back just as good if not better . 
  my ass has now clenched it has became a fist, 
  stay away from raheem . 
  i loved de vitos penguin . 
  i 'll go with 2 2 against hull in 08 09 . 
  gerrard scored both after being down by 2 .
