  really improved my relationship with watching sport and it allows for pretty interesting small talk and a bit of craic with mates or people on forums . 
  and skretl gives away another penalty . 
  feels bad celebrating a liverpool player doing bad but fuck it coybig, 
  but has our defence ever looked solid in the past 3 years or so . 
  might just be me but i notice all of his moments that are praised are moments he makes up for not sticking with his partner or failing in his marking duties . 
  he pulls shirts in the box , gives away penaltys , all ways good for a red card . 
  over the last few years imo he has been a constant weak link . 
  i do n't think we should keep someone that only has stellar performances against arsenal twice a year . 
  he has been loyal and has had his moments with us but it 's time we either move him away from the first xi or sell him . 
  either way he should n't be starting for us for these last few games unless we are forced to . 
  i would have sakho ahead of lovern but as depth skretl could be good but i would have gomez ahead of him as i feel him meeting his potential is far more important than giving a older declining player some minutes for sentimentalitys sake . 
  on the sakho of lovern point i feel sakho is a better player and has higher highs and his lows are n't as low as loverns which we have all seen multiple times . 
  also i do n't trust lovern yet . 
  he has played well in the last few months but almost a season and a half of truly terrible performances i feel he has n't earned his place over sakho who has had very few performances relative to skertl and lovern . 
  and as we have seen over the last few games if matip can stick with his partner instead of doing skertls stupidity then a sakho and matip partnership is a very exiting prospect expecially with lovern and gomez as primary backups . 
  i think he was in another spider-man series avenging i think . 
  there 's was a couple of other characters a spider man fan with doc ocks arms and the toad or something, 
  donegal too, 
  is he not injured ? 
  i think it 's still a couple of weeks till he 's back, 
  that 's my shift ... 
  i wonder what team the person who creates this supports ? / s, 
  looked good in the youth games i watched . 
  could be better if we got a good goalie coach in . 
  liverpool defend ? 
  haha hahahaha hahahaha we know not the meaning, 
  death of the family would also be brilliant . 
  would really test to see how god of a joker leto could be . 
  but there is not a lot of batman in it . 
  more the bat family . 
  sssssssssssssssssaaaaaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkkkkkkhhhhhhhoooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  2 in 2 games !!!, 
  ojo had a good run where he sliced through the defence like a hot knife on wet shite, 
  ward a new starter ? 
  fuck nice goal there, 
  well since he left sunnyvale it 's been rough, 
  baines looks like a shit gary neville, 
  fuck , woody . 
  rsk . 
  chelsea fan ? 
  seeing i 've only been to two best - anfield worst - finn park, 
  never seen a kit that was guinness shit green before, 
  carragher would be eligible, 
  we 're you on the country or the city ? 
  causr if it was the countryside . . farmers . 
  generally they have no notion of what they smell like so they put on there brown shoes , checked shirt and super dry jacket and go out smelling like cow dung and a bodybuilders sock . 
  ah ha yes the fm player, 
  now that was poetic, 
  would be too short for cb but maybe dm he could do a job, 
  what dies it matter what he drinks while watching it ? 
  something like lansdowne road with 51000 wold be more appropriate ( and very handy for me ) but 38000 is far too small for a major european final that could have the likes of dortmund celtic shake etc playing in it . 
  all large teams , all would pack out the full stadium by themselves not to mention just the 10000 allocated . 
  yeah but a pile of irish and liverpool fans all about dublin would probably be the world 's largest drinking session . 
  it would be magical, 
  stupid uefa killing all our fun, 
  hey fuck you buddy i 'm just saying stadium size is shit and having it somewhere larger is a good idea you cunt . 
  elland road is larger than the one in basel and if you want to play there they are in the championship . 
  we are in a major european final we should at least have a stadium big enough to hold twice what we have been allocated . 
  it is always worse on tv than real life but it seems a bit shite tonight, 
  sound lads , will see if i can fix her . 
  `` acestream kid , it 's the shit '', 
  i love the thought of some intern on a computer trying to fix the stream halfway through the penalties with a few hundred drunk fans behind him, 
  allan ? 
  coybig fucking brilliant moment that, 
  you want benteke ? 
  will only cost you money, 
  ref is a bit soft with the whistle, 
  ref can go fuck himself off a bridge cunt, 
  deep freeze is magic lad !, 
  this ref deserves to date lorena bobbit, 
  studdgeeeeee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  fucking cunt whole ref arselicking gobshite fanny hating cunt, 
  that ref deserves to date lorena bobbit, 
  see i thought that iv had a better more interesting story , like playing the sorpranos , but v i felt the world and driving were better but the three character aspect lead to quite little character development . 
  i think if we get the bet out of the players a result against sweden is likely and we could get a surprise 1-0 against belgium due to their shit manager . 
  all goes perfect we could do a greece, 
  james is n't it think he 's a striker with the youth too, 
  those batman movies are n't as good as they could be . 
  if.it was n't for ledger i think they would be put on par with keatons films . 
  the weak points for me is the shite fight coriography , bales wooden acting in those films and the way the other villains are done so poorl ( scarecrow being shit , bane shit , ras shite , two face shite ) . 
  the thing even with these problems i still like the films, 
  you mean idris elba, 
  hey its getting there . 
  40mb in a small village and gig is coming to the closest big town, 
  i 'm irish and until reddit i never knew people got it done , alays thought it was just the jews, 
  always think he sound kinda like chartman at that part `` to the riiighhht to the leeeffhhht '', 
  fuck off mate . 
  we would be needlessly stupid to sell him in the the prem . 
  if we can sell him to spain or italy then good if not he gets another season to prove his undeniable quality . 
  well balotelli wears 45 because 4 +5 = 9, 
  is that a irish joke cause if it is i like it, 
  fuckin love the derry accent it 's mind boggling and hilarious, 
  oi the donegal accent gets voted the sexiest all the time , it 's just the northerners that are disliked ... and the dubs, 
  do n't know about everyone but on tv the us accent is very neutral to us but every time i meet an american it sounds like when you have a lecture that speaks in baby talk to a pile of 20 year olds if ya get me . 
  they seem very slow and precious about the way they talk and at least up here in donegal we speak a mile a minute and are also used to speaking with northerners who are even faster . 
  unfortunately not a while pile of redheads in ireland but if you want brunettes we got a few of them to spare . 
  i like you and your opinions, 
  or if it 's a new game and their german a bonus for international games played . 
  costless since the in game german national team ca n't use their current players . 
  you could take as our success be equivalent to one of the iconic pictures of conquest .
