  on her birthday he walked up to where her and her friends were and throw confetti on her and gave it to her . 
  fucking still cringing for that idiot, 
  yeah but there was beef between royce and d12 at the time . 
  should get one after royces and ems project are released, 
  it uses ems original verse so jay knew what he was up against and still got bodied, 
  got pissed at a pub , went to walk home and blacked out next morning i awoke in a horse stable, 
  mine is `` i do my name like princess di '', 
  `` dun dun dun dun go go gadget dick '', 
  targets not being interested , clubs fucking us over by making us have to pay more than others , and being thick headed and thinking we would be ok with such a thin squad . 
  we do spend it 's just wages we cheap out on . 
  like 34m for mane , 25m for wijnaldum , 29m for firmino and 32m for benteke are not small fees especially for those players . 
  but our highest wages being 150k and teams like united pumping 300k in to pogbas accounts each week is the biggest difference . 
  we got burned by paying shit like downing , carroll and co far to fucking much and had a hard time shifting them so fsg are reluctant to do the same, 
  but wages alone did n't keep us from getting gotze , zelinski , chilwell etc last year . 
  for gotze he just did n't want to come , for zeilinski udinese were demanding much more from us than what napoli bought him for and with chilwell leicester were demanding 10m for a prospect that did n't even have a league start . 
  find the english version, 
  read another book, 
  well if he likes drama so much he can apply for a role on eastenders so we do n't have to listen to the cunt, 
  migs could n't catch aids in africa, 
  ca n't bank on that . 
  need a back up for hendo and another man of quality for the two forward positions . 
  2 quality players for each position is a must over the next two seasons, 
  yeah but of our starting midfield i 'd say if we could get a quick passer or someone to control the games tempo better in instead of wij , who i do think is good , would be the best option . 
  also milner is n't even really a midfielder . 
  he 's a winger who thinks he 's a midfielder playing at leftback, 
  i mind going into primary school the next day and all my friends praising stevie , alonso and co but there was me not being able to stop going on about that save, 
  like klopp with penaltys, 
  oh defiantly moreno is the worst liverpool left back since traore and milner is doing an amazing job at fullback . 
  how the fuck did carew play in a cl final ? 
  the_donald ? 
  one bertrand and on van djik please, 
  need to get a full southampton back line going, 
  he is you mong, 
  if the cunt drip was kept on we would 've been in danger of relegation . 
  worst manager in liverpool history . 
  kenny got a cup and a fa cup final , brendon almost won the league and got to a couple of semis , and klopp has been to two finals and has us at times playing the best football in years . 
  not saying a loss to blackpool is fucking progress . 
  i think oh in oh , that 's unusual is better than oh , that 's disappointing, 
  and the chelsea freekick, 
  still better than the crap from before though, 
  probably the best rap act going at the minute . 
  seriously fucking fire . 
  gta v was the worst in the 3d series . 
  with its shite story and boring ass characters it could n't stand up to san andreas vice city or even iv, 
  yeah but thats exactly a fucking year though, 
  just needs to get them into the box, 
  for me it was the best game i have ever played . 
  if you 're looking for amake your own character rpg this is n't it . 
  but the story 's , characters , cities , combat and monsters are all so much better . 
  both are good games but fuck me the witcher had me by the balls from the bloody barron story on, 
  it looks like what i imagine michael jackson looks like now, 
  if we were to bring in pepe then i 'd see migs go and have karius start with pepe keeping him on his toes or coming in to start if needed, 
  ireland ? 
  probably this . 
  [ i know i 'd like to forget it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/kelloggs/comments/1n7tw7/oh_my_god_i_knew_a_sub_like_this_just_had_to/ ), 
  we have possession most if the time so his pressing would be minimal . 
  would also be great for breaking down buses by slinging 40 yard pin point passes, 
  get te fuck we need a left back more than youse, 
  eas old ceo has just been hired as my clubs , liverpool , new ceo . 
  i 'm scared, 
  * looks over at bin * yeah who would do something like that ... 
  one my favourite subs, 
  better than the hse, 
  a shit taa, 
  was good on my fm, 
  hmm his first international should n't be a defeat, 
  1-0 o'shea with a header from a brady freekick, 
  if i 'm correct united lost to fulham that week too, 
  sure we have city next to get him firing . 
  loves a good goal against them, 
  he 's off reffing in the saudi arabia now, 
  i thought that their intention was to be a selling club . 
  mind reading it somewhere, 
  on plain white it will look orgasmic . 
  and on a crown paint retro shirt with white as the trim, 
  iheanacho would be a brilliant signing . 
  rate him well above rashford , better goalscorer and creator, 
  scores goals . 
  take, 
  yes but pogba has played in midfield with vidal , marchisiso , kedira and pirlo while can has played with hendo , lucas , wij , lallana and an aging gerrard ? 
  ( ca n't mind if he actually played midfield with him ) . 
  those players are some of the best in the world and will make any good player look world class, 
  oh he definitely has talent no denying that but plenty of juve supporters have said he was carried in that midfield alot of the times and most just saw when he was playing up to his talent levels . 
  if it were can that was picked up by juve i think he would reach a level of fame that pogba has maybe not as much because he is not as talented as pogba but he would definitely be talked about as a star young midfielder, 
  fuck that shit , rather see him become successful for wales than be pressured for his first couple of goals till he 's playing in a relegation battle in the championship . 
  also the lads welsh , he plays for the wales youth sides, 
  their made of paper and unlikely to be fit by the time the world cup is on, 
  rafas liverpool was very strong defensively . 
  it mainly came from having players like carra hyypia sissoko and mascherano but that team was a wall that had trouble scoring if anything . 
  reason we lost the title on 08/09 was too many drawn games . 
   spaniard alberto moreno is likely to move on, 
  yay !, 
  but seriously it 's for the best he 's been out all season behind a right winger playing left back and when he has played he has n't shown much improvement . 
  hopefully a mid table spanish team picks him up, 
  rather carroll than balo but it 's like chosen between being fuck in the ass with a mace or a sword, 
  so new jersey really does look crap, 
  fuck off back to / r/altright ya cunt, 
  we really out here, 
  we can only hope, 
  what pub was he working in ?
