  at least with city losing and united drawing it did n't leave us in a terrible position but we could end up regretting this result, 
  yep think my mum put me down as a protestant . 
  have n't been to church since i was six and am agnostic, 
  fifa 04 nice . 
  always mind turning offsides off and controlling the second player to score, 
  also pretty true, 
  dunno this does n't matter a lot to me since i mostly roam in ni or the uk since i live on the border and it will be gone in 2-3 years, 
  thought it was 3-4 weeks, 
  ... so apples ? 
  ahh right i did n't get that bit, 
  still sounds like your chatting about coutinho, 
  one of my lecturers calls my mate erin instead of aaron, 
  more are-ron here . 
  erin is a woman 's name in ireland, 
  defoe was shit in canada but is scoring like a pro this season . 
  the service you get is more important that your quality, 
  end of season so i 'd say youth players mostly . 
  they have done similar in ireland with end of season friendlys, 
  is it two ? 
  thought it was 3, 
  if he did n't win last year he wo n't win this year, 
  nah been gash all season, 
  them two are worse than our keepers for fuck sake, 
  marriage u dont really care about but i do not want children . 
  why would i want to have something that costs me thousands , i have to clean it 's arse , it will break most things i own and i have to be responsible for ? 
  if i want to have happy moments with a child i 'll share them with my friends and family . 
  get los and get there delilah is goat, 
  loose control and 7 nation army is class too, 
  37 and forgot a simple one . 
  damn, 
  did n't vernon buy one when the go to the island in the ps, 
  garcia, 
  was never as good after that injury unfortunately, 
  lies, 
  dunno about the uk but in ireland , it 's really only rural farmers that have them and hunters usually rifles and shotguns . 
  in the ps i 'd say it is vernons determination to not let his world be infected by the strange and unusual that leads to him getting a gun when it would usually need a license and some time to get a one , more than likely using illegal means . 
  you need to try edging, 
  maybe gomez, 
  sounds about right, 
  on my own, 
  nah just walk in and sit down, 
  what a shit player, 
  that 's the fun of it, 
  we do, 
  neither do i but i found it 's cheaper to use the subscription to get the credit than it is for me just to browse and buy them . 
  got me listening to books i would n't have looked at before, 
  united are terrible at corners though, 
  right stroke put lil baby in a spiral, 
  edit : for / u/cubedmadness, 
  you would think but united corner goals have nearly all cane from the one game . 
  palace if i remember correctly . 
  big cunts do n't mean shit if the ball hits the first man each time, 
  could see him make a move to italy to one of the milan clubs or the like, 
  i 'm so fucking sick and tired of the photoshop, 
  i was surprised he missed a game for kidney stones . 
  would n't have been surprised to see him on the ground squirming in pain yelling instructions, 
  replaces lovren . 
  if we 're buying players it is best to buy better than what we 've got . 
  that means our back up are at least first team quality and not dregs that might pull a good game out of the blue, 
  four, 
  penis head works too . . so i 'm told, 
  so grujic in midfield then ? 
  not in a game but in the days following klopps arrival gomez and ings both did theirs, 
  you should see my dad doing boiled eggs . 
  i reckon those fuckers would bounce, 
  stupid brits, 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't like knowing that there is someone tracking the depraved shit i look at and recommending more depravity to me, 
  these are the breaks, 
  bitch , your hormones proably switch inside your dna, 
  it 's been in effect this season and the results are good, 
  loyalty got royalty inside my dna, 
  yep made the account just after watching it, 
  shame it 's not the 90 's then , it might look good otherwise, 
  no it 's probably the most important game of the year for these two teams bar a champions league final . 
  it 's probably the biggest rivalry in football along with liverpool-man u , river-boca etc. 
  in iron fist i believe he is also a poster, 
  sure we gave you the title by beating city, 
  done the same at work before . 
  locked up stuck a sign up and ran home to lay a log, 
  it 's a shop that has s medium size centre and a petrol station with kiosk . 
  shop had closed and the kiosk had fun all in in it, 
  us or ni ? 
   but we edge it on the dairy . 
  lad cop on now . 
  hmm for me i only take my shoes off if i 'm going to bed or taking a shower . 
  that 's with under floor heating and all, 
  sure it 's only mud along as you do n't tramp in some dog shit it 's fine, 
  sure i 'll know that for next time, 
  and the whole fuck up over matip, 
  if it was n't klopp in charge is take him in a heartbeat . 
  builds a good team with a brilliant core . 
  and this time he would actually have financial backing and could build more than a first xi, 
  how the fuck is it sad ?? 
  is that not the goal or do you just want to be a southampton, 
  here in ireland they 've been getting a bit of radio time and love it, 
  poor quality of service . 
  going from top players to a couple of china 's best is going to severely cut output . 
  look at defoe in canada , was shite , now not shite, 
  oi what you have against ron ?
