  yeah i 'll tell you about my sakho kolo and torres shirts, 
  still hurts . 
  i loved that brilliant bastard, 
  who was the last goalscorer you had ? 
  dalglish ? 
  yeah unless it looks like a kebab box you 're not going to say anything, 
  thatcher, 
  by any chance are you from norn iron, 
  out of all eminem albums you choose the second worst ? 
  sslp mmlp eminem show are all certified classics with some of the best music from that era, 
  been on replay in my hose since christmas day . 
  i think it 's my favourite rtj album, 
  and crowd goes rtj, 
  web development ? 
  live story was 2nd in my personal album of the year in 2015 . 
  would 've been first but my god tpab is possibly the closest an album can come to perfection, 
  you ever try frankie boyle ? 
  fuck me if someone gets me started in liverpool i can go on for ages . 
  chatting about players like hyypia carra stevie alonso finnan riise mascherano kuyt dudek renia just pulls back memories of my childhood and watching istanbul with my dad with tears pouring down my young face and then gerrard heads it in , you knew it was coming and then my favourite moment of all time dudeks double save on shevchenko my little heart was beating so fast it could power the country . 
  then the penalties oh my fuck when dudek saved the last one it was fucking ecstasy running around the house like a madun watch cisse kissing the cup and gerrard lifting it . 
  nothing will ever beat that feeling, 
  these wall are vulnerable, 
  shame he did n't reply to budden , he would of been bodied, 
  so i could of had correct grammar, 
  sent soldiers to your army while trying to make a livable country out of the shambles the brits left . 
  yep based on books by polish writer andrea shejkowski ( ? ), 
  yeah big thing in ireland . 
  `` well ? '', 
  i enjoy it at my hairdresser we just talk about movies music and history . 
  it 's nice, 
  i think you mean joesus, 
  chat shit get banged, 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 and skinny . 
  everything is too baggy or to short . 
  at least with long clothes you pull up the hem, 
  but he 's proved poor in the midfield . 
  would n't mind him on the wings in some of the group and early cup games . 
  would do young lads well to play with an experienced clam headed leader, 
  would be mine . 
  who calls their child richard hunter . 
  dick hunter ffs . 
  defoe altidore too ? 
  ya it 's greazy ho, 
  yeah i think royce wrote his verses on the message, 
  he could be goo but he is extremely protected by burnleys system and could be very exposed by our high line and lack of defensive midfielder . 
  too much of a risk to try to get him used to the system and he could end up like lovrens first year and half here . 
  would be ideal to find a strong center back from a similar system and the bundesliga is a very good place to look for that player, 
  go fuck yourself up a tree, 
  does [ troopz ] ( https://youtu.be/wkvpvwmzz2q ) do it for you ? 
  really ?? 
  them ?!!, 
  their sexually harassing me ... 
  was the only player that could his head high after that game, 
  was he the teacher ? 
  ca n't wait till that waste of air dies, 
  well we do kinda . 
  say `` ans one for yourself '' agreed ordering where the bar man takes a bit out of the change, 
  whos the fucker that said it was time for lucas to go out and earn a new contract ? 
  motherfucker called it, 
  it 's nice, 
  much sweeter to get points off you than it is bitter to lose them to burnley, 
  got ta do what you got ta do man . 
  the top 6 mini league is can important to lose, 
  you get used to the pain and learn to enjoy the highs even more, 
  three stitches in the gum , fuck that, 
  right these are some of the ones on my play list, 
  run the jewels, 
  aesop rock, 
  mf doom, 
  jay rock - not the trailer park boys one, 
  absoul, 
  logic - not brilliant but has a decent flow, 
  anderson.paak - not really a rapper but malibu is pure gold to listen to, 
  tech n9ne, 
  game, 
  danny brown, 
  childish gambino, 
  brother ali, 
  the roots, 
  pusha t, 
  yelawolf - love story is the only thing really worth listen to , but it was one of the best albums of 2015, 
  wheres this from ? 
  injustice ? 
  is there a less that legal way to access this from other countries ? 
  for a friend of course, 
  with the completely necessary straight pipe making a sound of a can stuck in the spokes of a bike, 
  ahh damn same shit as trying to buy a movie on amazon then . 
  damn you amazon at least extend one country 's amazon through ireland . 
  getting sick of having to remember to use my vpn every time i want to watch seinfeld, 
  pretty much, 
  one lol . 
  more like a few dozen of them . 
  with a quarter of the team missing we dont look as good ?!!? 
  who knew, 
  ahh come on you dont mind sakho back heeling passes instead of using his right, 
  as soon as we conceded studge and trent should have been on . 
  big disappointment, 
  but 5 at the back is not something our defenders are used to . 
  maybe putting matip and lucas in midfield with can ahead of them and wijinaldum and firmino on the wings behind origi would be a defensive system that would still allow our attackers to play woith some ease . 
  then after going level studge and trent should have come on for some fresh legs and some pace and crossing ability to put bournemouth on the back foot and maybe grab a winner .
