  ok that useless cunt is off our wage bill . 
  better ? 
  he did the same with lucas . 
  signed him as an am ended up as one of the best dm in the league before his injuries . 
  our squads tiny . 
  couts , lallana , moreno , clyne are all tiny, 
  everyone here is masterbating over the idea of a defender that can play the ball from the back . 
  nice players but most have trouble with the job that is defending . 
  players like carra and sami were brilliant because they did what was needed despite their limits in speed . 
  they used positioning , tackling booting the ball to the lower hemisphere to get the job done and prevent a goal . 
  i 'd much rather a carra than a team of stones . 
  ughhh im not scared . 
  hate that film . 
  had to study it for leaving cert english . 
  i had the same spent like a month straight watching an italian film and listening to bullshit like `` when the boy finds the lad in the hole and runs away and his bikes chain brakes symbolized his childhood being broken '' fuck off ms.gordon i do n't fucking care, 
  guinness shits are not fun . 
  the real black death, 
  i 'm from donegal and one of the most beautiful roads to drive through is the [ barnesmore gap ] ( http://www.dronestagr.am/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/beautiful-autumn-afternoon-at-the-gap-in-barnesmoor-1200x674.png ), 
  did you not hit some country back roads ? 
  view might be lovely but jesus some of those roads will cause spine compression 's, 
  me and my friend had a house and i was cutting the grass . 
  unfortunately the mower broke so we got some goats and placed them around the yard to cut the grass, 
  nice it will give me a reason to use my ps4 again . 
  if true please give it to pc as well, 
  ca n't wait to see them again the next time i 'm over . 
  missed them the last couple of times i was over, 
  damn i miss the meme lord, 
  or this [ bad boy ] ( http://www.bmstores.co.uk/images/hpcproductimage/imgfull/180161-original-source-mint--tea-tree-shower-250ml.jpg ), 
  gel . 
  leaves your balls tingly fresh, 
  that second goal reminds me of a torres goal . 
  really looking forward to following his development, 
  react , sing all the songs you know and even if you do n't know the lyrics just make noises to the tune, 
  i found that so funny while watching it . 
  oh you can lift buildings and cut through steel with your eyes but you got to look out for that lose wire, 
  or just use bloodzeed he has nearly every lfc game, 
  yes this is an idea i can get behind, 
  tell that to fallout 4, 
  preemo usually gets credited too, 
  please, 
  welcome to 13/14 henderson, 
  cups . 
  will probably get some minutes in place of gini or lallana, 
  i 'd say you 'd need an even larger brain in spain seeing as they 're a far more technical leauge . 
  i never thought i would have the mental image of the chuckle brothers spit-roasting a child in my head, 
  united may be scoring more but they 're playing the same football as the last 3 seasons with log balls that hopelessly fly towards opposition defenders . 
  they can than ibra got most of their goals, 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i know alot of ones who are very deep in the christianity thing , pile of ones who just go to church and do n't think about it and alot like me who think there could be something out there but ultimately do n't give a flying fuck, 
  imagine if he gets nipped :(, 
  reminds me of a joke . 
  two men were at a bar and one goes to the other '' i know how we can get outreach drinks for free '' the other asks how and the first says `` right we order our drinks and down them really quick and then i 'll stick this sausage through my zipper and you 'll put it in your mouth . 
  then we 'll get chased out and go on to the next bar . '', 
  the other says that grand and so they get their pint and down it and put the sausage through the zipper and sucks on it and get chased out . 
  so they go through a few bars doing this and eventully the second man asks the first `` ok where 's the sausage my knees are sore '' and the first goes `` oh i lost that back at the third pub '', 
  a few means more than one to me, 
  pre rehab you mean, 
  did he not save us in a penalty shoot out ? 
  i 'd say if you 're going german muchengladbach would be the better choice due to lfc connection, 
  i watched a few italian games last season and was presently surprised . 
  it not the english defensive football . 
  it 's proper positioning with a nice change to attack . 
  definitely worth looking at, 
  yep love tombstone, 
  wh . . who touched you ? 
  just say whiskey when you 're ordering to prevent getting a plate of biscuits . 
  getting long halloween vibes here, 
  its like a real life lahey, 
  i thought it was hull that we pegged, 
  dump that bitch in the ocean, 
  wrong dres album ( chronic 2001 what about me ), 
  not for ireland . 
  we fuck our own shit up, 
  or making up a word for the forgotten word . 
  `` yeah i broke my ... leg wrist . . '', 
  is it bad that i did the lc last year and i do n't remember that ? 
  saying that i did do foundation and got a c :(, 
  i know , the derry accents bring me back to when i was wee, 
  gta vice city stories did that, 
  yeah there 's a few i was just naming the one that popped into my head . 
  nah its still a good game same as all of the 3d gtas . 
  i still log hours into san andrea 's and vice city on the regular, 
  a [ shot ] ( http://imgur.com/oubwtvz ) i took after the 2-0 v west ham in the 14-15 season, 
  episode 7 when luke 's on the phone to cottenmouth, 
  1 . man u, 
  2 . west brom, 
  3 . chelsea, 
  4 . everton, 
  there 's no reasoning to it really . 
  from the first season they went up it was just a burning hatred for that club . 
  them having pulis and the owl did n't help and that game in 13 14 is what i blame us not getting the title on . 
  that whole series has a tarantino feel to it . 
  love it, 
  i think i might be getting a lift down for a few days ago by the way to claddy i, 
  ai n't got no time to play around what is this, 
  but then you lose the ability wij brings into the midfield . 
  he 's there to create space for our players . 
  if coutinho plays that role we will lose his best ability in his on the ball play . 
  so if he did play in midfield and wij on the wing we would need to alter the system that has helped give us these amazing games so far this season, 
  you 're so corny,
