  i 'm not saying cole is shite but he is more poppy than kendrick . 
  but songs like xxx most of tpab and s80 ( bar no make up eugh ) would never be considered pop . 
  they are hip hop to their core, 
  and ? 
  danger mouse is too and would you call the mouse and the mask pop ? 
  pop is not just `` popular '' . 
  pop is a genre . 
  if kenny starts pumping stuff like bieber or drake out then he would be a pop artist . 
  but the fact is he has very few songs in his catalog that could be called `` pop '' . 
  while i would consider alot of fhd as having a `` pop '' sound . 
  really so matm demon dayz and gnarls barkley are trash ? 
  i think you and me have very different tastes in music . 
  could be another steal from the italians, 
  almost sure milner or can scored a freekick in the groups of the europa, 
  if it was rugby, 
  i 'm almost sure it was him it was far out a kind of dinked in, 
  never scored one for us . 
  usually trys to decapitate a fan, 
  hendo makes great runs into the box when he plays b2b . 
  scored a few goals that way through 14/15, 
  i 'm in the middle of a rewatch right now . 
  it 's amazing how far ahead of its time this show was . 
  it highlighted many issues like homosexuality , race and death . 
  and did it while being funnier than any show i have ever seen . 
  the most interesting bit is the shift in the show . 
  the first 3-4 seasons was wall to wall jokes with seriousness just dashed in but after henry , frank and trapper left it took a more serious turn and did it without missing a beat . 
  the characters were able to develop naturally and hawkeyes breakdown became more and more evident as the show went on . 
  he was losing the war against the war as radar said . 
  hot lips was able to develop as a character after her and frank split and charles replacing frank as `` the bad guy '' meant hawk and bj had some one who could give as good as he got . 
  potter was a brilliant character as well being a regular army man and a doctor areal person first gave the show a steady platform . 
  this show was major part of my childhood and remains one of my favorites . 
  could of been the cup . 
  almost sure though it was against bordeaux or kazan, 
  never noticed lad . 
  i 've watched many games lad . 
  moreno hits them similar to riise with a hard shot . 
  only difference is he dosent score them . 
  his just keep rising . 
  i do the same `` arm ankle '' is the one i always use for wrist, 
  yeah . 
  its called ginger . 
  quite common in ireland/britain, 
  what a spill, 
  shake defensively class attacking, 
  i was the same till i went to cavern club in liverpool . 
  hearing them played live made it more fun and being pissed while hearing it live made it very enjoyable, 
  for me it 's having a club i just went all into . 
  for me it 's liverpool . 
  my mood depends on if they have won or lost . 
  as soon as i go online i look at liverpool related websittes to see who 's injured or what transfer news there is . 
  i watch u18s and u23s so i can know more about which youngsters are breaking into the first xi . 
  but for near any other team or sport i could n't give two squrts of piss . 
  i was the same till i found one or two artists i like and just listed to the albums back to back . 
  anotger when i 'm liverpool is needed me thinks, 
  dunno might be that you 're backed by a slave state . 
  think that would be the only thing that would get me to stop supporting liverpool, 
  he has 14 goals for monaco . 
  mane , salah and coutinho all scored more than him last season . 
  most of them scored more last season than he has in two . 
  they are all straight up better players . 
  if he is getting into our xi it 's in midfield ahead of can or gini . 
  even then couts is back after the window and he stops being a whiney cunt bag . 
  if he signs it as rotation on the wings and in midfield . 
  he may very well impress and add another dimension to our play but for starters he will be rotation . 
  at least for mane he was at afcon in january and injured from february . 
  the main reason why these lads are not going to be replaced us due to their sheer pace and it 's importance to the system . 
  lamar would be valuable for his link up play but guess what a better player is already there to do that . 
  coutinho , touted as inestas replacement and one of brazils best players , is there at least for this season . 
  lamar would be brought in to rotate with him and replace him after barca get him next season . 
  i do not deny lamar is an amazing player but he will not be an automatic starter . 
  that will be next year alongside keira , which i already have a stiffy for . 
  hog has competition now, 
  in my lc history we did n't really cover anything apart from the troubles . 
  it was ww2 cold war and the troubles, 
  he left two leagues and a uefa cup, 
  that and it is the only league in the world where they can get massive exposure playing for a 14th placed club . 
  they get a chance to be famous in a lot of massive countries that have the pl and barca/real as the only football they watch . 
  more like falcao, 
  hard as fuck beats and amazing energy might be something to do with it ? 
  i 'd say they would be for people from a metal/rock background . 
  a lot of metalheads say they only like rtj in rap . 
  is wilson not 2 or so years older the taa, 
  if we have learnt anything from this transfer window it is to not believe anything coming from barcas end or their journos, 
  seen a bit of him and he looks quite tidy and has made the bench one or two times, 
  nah that was trent alexander-arnold . 
  also another huge talent at liverpool . 
  woody had his first goal last year against leeds in the league cup . 
  at 17 and 45 days . 
  beat out owen by quite a bit to be our youngest goalscorer, 
  would be so stoked to see that . 
  this team needs a bit if irish in it, 
  all the things making coutinho look like a lil bitch have came from barcas side . 
  the refusing to play in the cl , the great sadness etc. 
  and coutinho has never been solidly linked to barca before this window . 
  also how many teams can replace their best player the day before their most important season in 5 fucking years . 
  you could n't do it with hazard if he left at that time . 
  liverpool do n't lie to sign or sell players you 're just a fucking retard, 
  if this was true we 'd just fine him . 
  if it was me i would put him in the u23 till his contract runs out and career is destroyed, 
  he 's also severely mentally unhinged .
