  to this day irish politics is still dominated by this civil war split between parties representing the pro and anti-treaty sides ( fianna f\u00e1il on the anti-treaty side and fine gael on the pro-treaty side ) . 
  does that mean that my country still has n't gotten over the civil war ? 
  the troubles in northern ireland can be seen as a civil conflict too . 
  however , i will leave that for somebody else to comment on . 
  fair enough but i think there is a big difference between roma from eastern europe and the gitanos with regards integration . 
  in my country , the catholic church gets a hard time over its role in education ( especially from people on the left ) and how it uses it to instil catholicism in children . 
  i actually think such criticism is valid but am appalled at how the same people on the left stay quiet ( or accuse you of islamophobia ) when the same issue comes up with islamic education . 
  it seems to me like immigration from eu countries ( which the eu is responsible for ) is being blamed for non-eu migration as well . 
  are they the ones who require translation services or otherwise place a burden on the welfare state/public services ? 
  migrants from other european countries generally assimilate well . 
  i 've heard that about irish travellers in england . 
  does that apply to roma too ? 
  sorry but what country are you from ? 
  hungary ? 
  folks , how well integrated is the roma community in your country ? 
  i wonder this quite a bit as it varies across europe ( in the country i live in now the roma people who have been here for centuries are reasonably well integrated ) . 
  you 're right in that nobody should be making false or unsubstantiated claims about the reaction among muslims after the bombings . 
  for one thing it serves no purpose . 
  for another , the hostile reaction to the police in molenbeck after abdesalam was arrested is disturbing enough . 
  i was n't accusing you of feeling that way and sorry if i offended you . 
  i have just seen this reaction before and i was describing how i find it insensitive . 
  i do n't mean to offend anybody but to me it comes across as very insensitive if muslims ' first concern after such an attack is to wonder whether islam/muslims will be blamed . 
  solidarity and concern should be with the victims after any attack , regardless of who is responsible or where it happens . 
  wow , do you really think so ? 
  from the articles of his that i ` vd read , he is more in line with the left on this issue . 
  he sees the debate about whether islamophobia is a form of racism as a semantic issue . 
  sorry , my comment was n't really referring to her quote . 
  reading her wikipedia page led me to the suburb of rinkeby and [ the 60 minutes video . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/42jpuxjpk0w ) my comment was in reference to the social problems you can see in that video . 
  i thought the migrants causing this trouble came to sweden to escape the dangerous conditions in mogadishu/somalia ? 
  they appear to be pretty determined to recreate the society/violence they were supposedly fleeing from here in europe . 
  sweden provides these people with so much , especially since they are heavily reliant on the welfare state for the cost of integrating them , housing , education in addition to social welfare . 
  it 's infuriating that so many behave this way and abuse the society that has taken them in/looked after them . 
  i assume you are referring to the stuff he came up with while the telegraph 's brussels correspondent . 
  that and the fact that he was sacked for making up a quote while working for the times . 
  what was the polen-meldpunt ? 
  glad to see another fan of a wheel of time . 
  i do n't see why though . 
  for many muslims it 's a second language and how well it is understood varies . 
  i do n't see how different that is from having services in latin as it used to be in the catholic church . 
  but i think the underlying thing he would like to see , and is suggesting with the move to german language , is the creation of a german version of islam . 
  i am not entirely sure about how services at mosques work . 
  however , one thing is to have prayers in arabic/latin . 
  it 's quite another to have speeches/sermons in the language . 
  good , i am glad there are people out there who treat islam as another religion that you are free to criticise . 
  in my experience that is not the case and is particularly true with regards the left . 
  terms like islamophobia are brought up for criticising islam and its teachings . 
  there is also a debate as to whether islamophobia is a form of racism . 
  that in my view shuts down debate and prevents us discussing something quite serious . 
  i 'm not afraid of islam . 
  i am afraid of islamic fundamentalism which remains incredibly violent ( by 21st century standards ) . 
  i am also concerned about the gulf in values between non-muslims and muslims in europe . 
  i also believe criticism of islam is necessary given how its values are frequently the opposite of those of our societies ( with regards freedom of religion , gay and women 's rights ) . 
  plenty of people in europe ( including where i live and in my native country ) are marginalised . 
  sure , they may be drawn towards whomever offers them a place to belong but not all . 
  but for those who are pulled towards extremist/revolutionary organisations , how many of these will pose as big a threat to public safety as islamic fundamentalism ? 
  how many revolutionary/extreme political movements ( either from the far left or far right ) place bombs on the metro or attack concert goers ? 
  the problem , as i see it , is that islamic fundamentalism is extremely violent by the standards of the 21st century . 
  i know what you are saying . 
  but many of these young people are not only attracted by islamism but have out group hostility and are very angry with the western societies in which they live . 
  we are led to believe that they have it rough and that the state has done nothing for them , except provide social housing , free education , healthcare and a welfare state for when they are unemployed . 
  or leave the places you do n't like . 
  oh really ? 
  there are far-right parties and organisations like the bnp that what to expel all non whites , irrespective of their religion . 
  there are also those who criticise islam or the intolerance within the muslim community without advocating such things . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` dispate '' but i do n't think it should offend anybody to say that there is a big gap in the values held by non-muslims in the uk and muslims there ( as reflected in this study ) . 
  if the basis of integration there is on shared values , irrespective of race or background , then clearly that has failed/been unsuccessful . 
  i would n't use such terminology but i agree with what you are saying . 
  ireland struggled to move towards becoming a secular state . 
  the last thing it needs is islamism to take root there . 
  however , given how islamism is spreading among muslim communities and how the clonskeagh mosque is affiliated with the muslim brotherhood , i am not hopeful . 
  i am also not hopeful given how many people in ireland ( particularly on the left ) want to shut down debate on this issue entirely by accusing you of racism , bigotry or islamphobia for even mentioning it . 
  this . 
  in my country christianity and the catholic church are often heavily criticised by people ( mainly from the left ) for their stance towards gays and treatment of women . 
  i actually think that such criticism of christianity and the catholic church is justified . 
  but i am appalled that when the subject switches to islam , many of the same people on the left become silent or accuse you of islamophobia , bigotry or racism . 
  this is probably what 's required to make the euro a long lasting or stable system . 
  however , i do n't know if it will ever happen which makes me doubt whether the euro will last . 
  are you referring to montenegro or kosovo ? 
  i 've heard about that issue with kosovo ( spain where i am now does n't recognise it ) but not montenegro . 
  i agree with you . 
  however , i am worried about islamism taking root among muslims back in ireland . 
  we have n't had that problem back home and we have a chance to work towards preventing it . 
  however , there are warning signals with about 30 irish citizens fighting in syria and sheikh al-qadri of the blanchardstown mosque warning about sympathy for isis among some irish muslims . 
  that was pretty much her excuse for why she could n't possibly be racist . 
  however , this seems to be a very strange definition of racism , one that has little to do with racial prejudice but `` systematic oppression of the powerful against the powerless . '', 
  are working class or marginalised white people in europe then victims of racism from the powerful ? 
  here 's the definition most of us go by :  racism , * re\u026as\u026az ( \u0259 ) m , * noun : prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior . 
  a lot of these people have a toxic mix of a persecution complex ( with the subsequent feelings of victimisation ) and at the same time huge out-group hostility . 
  this is fed by conspiracy theories such as `` the west is at war with islam '' and more . 
  unfortunately , the left has bought into their excuses ( or added to them ) of being victims of the west or the non-muslim community , rather than confront the intolerance or break down the hostility between the two communities . 
  as somebody who wants peaceful coexistence between us , this growing intolerance is quite frightening as it threatens that . 
  i meant france . 
  france had strong ties with juv\u00e9nal habyarimana ( the rwandan president before the genocide ) . 
  this included military support as his regime was fighting against the tutsi exiles led by paul kagame and others . 
  there 's a wikipedia article on this [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/role_of_france_in_the_rwandan_genocide ), 
  agreed . 
  i did n't mean it to come across that way . 
  i do believe that such lines of thinking are very problematic and that , while it 's not a prevailing opinion , too many people think that way .
