  in the end , only four were moved . 
  the situation was similar in romania , where 32 of the 67 asylum seekers destined to be sent there disappeared or quit the relocation programme . 
  in the case of estonia , eight out of 27 people absconded rather than be sent to the baltic state . 
  even those being sent to rich , diverse countries such as france have opted out of the scheme . 
  out of 388 asylum seekers due to be sent to france from greece , 24 absconded while two others dropped out . 
  fotini rantsiou , a former un staffer working as a consultant on refugee issues , blamed the high dropout rate on asylum seekers ' fears that they will be allocated a country far removed from friends and family . 
  `` as the process drags on , some people get discouraged , '' said ms rantsiou . 
  `` they feel they wo n't get to where their relatives are , so they drop out altogether . '' anastasia mavrou , a social worker and volunteer at a tent camp near athens , said it was common for officials to lose track of asylum seekers . 
  `` there 's a lot of mobility among the refugees , '' she said . 
  `` they switch addresses and mobile phone numbers quite often so ca n't be reached by the asylum agency . '' greek and european officials face a backlog of 46,000 asylum seekers and migrants who are stuck on the country 's mainland . 
  macedonia shut its border with greece earlier this spring , leaving tens of thousands stranded in worsening conditions within the country . 
  although greek officials had put forward 3,126 for relocation , other eu countries that signed off the deal had agreed to accept just 1,791 as of last week . 
  `` even in the best of circumstances -- manageable flows , low political salience , time for governments to prepare , pilot and adjust -- relocation would still perhaps take years to develop as a viable means of distribution , '' said elizabeth collett , director of the migration policy institute europe . 
  `` implemented on the hoof in the midst of political battle , with limited , diverted attention from the greek government , and unprepared recipient states , these low numbers are disappointing but not particularly surprising . '' the sealed land border and the sluggish progress on relocation has led to a brewing humanitarian crisis in the country . 
  despite the greek government agreeing , in conjunction with the un high commissioner for refugees , to set up accommodation for 50,000 refugees by the end of 2015 , greece is still suffering from a shortfall in accommodation . 
  at the moment , the country has shelter for barely 35,000 migrants on its mainland . 
  a friend of mine works in a kind of centre for migrants/refugees in bavaria . 
  as part of their integration process they have classes in german along with other things . 
  he told me that there have been cases of men who had been doing these courses for over a year before they admitted/it was found out that they could n't read or write . 
  an adult lacking that much education will struggle to find work or integrate in germany . 
  interesting times await for how this plays out . 
  to be fair , he also has highlighted cases of refugees/migrants eager to learn and who apply themselves . 
  you are right about downvotes on this site . 
  sometimes , however , this sub is more supportive of you guys . 
  italy/france have had more success at imposing their language/national culture , but there are still nationalists there ( corsica and sardinia are examples that come to mind ) . 
  i remember seeing footage of sardinian nationalists together with quebec ones on tv3 on 27s . 
  lots of people in places in the south of italy like sicily speak the region 's own language . 
  while it should be interchangeable with castillian , it is known as spanish in most parts of the world . 
  that 's the way it is and i am not going to get hung up over it . 
  how many people call the netherlands `` holland '' ( or in catalan 's case `` holanda '' ) despite the name being completely inaccurate ? 
  since i seem to be downvoted , i am sorry if i offended you . 
  howebet , i would like to know what the difference is between terms like spanish or italian/french . 
  you 're right in that any such law should apply equally to white supremacists or any other hate preacher as it does to islamists/muslim hate preachers . 
  but how many states are actively promoting white supremacist hate preachers ? 
  i think muslim hate preachers are being named because they are being actively exported to our part of the world by saudi arabia et al. 
  well , i think it 's only natural we adopt measures like these to protect ourselves from those who are actively trying to undermine our states and our democracies . 
  remember that governments like saudi arabia and the other gulf are exporting this ideology * en masse . 
  * that 's * governments * and not including the private funds doing the same . 
  saudi arabia is in some ways a missionary state and spends a lot of money to actively spread it . 
  it 's an ideology that is inherently supremacist in nature , calling for religious laws to replace `` man made laws . '', 
  when they let their mask slip they openly say `` authority should be in the hands of muslims . '', 
  how different is that from a white supremacist saying authority should be in the hands of white people ? 
  when it 's not actively opposed to them , this ideology holds secularism and democracy in contempt . 
  if israel is exporting preachers with anti-democratic or supremacist views , then i am all in favour of it applying to them . 
  if i had a euro for every time i heard a catalan object to using the name spanish , i 'd be rich . 
  i 've been told by some that it 's offensive or by others that the idea of spanish is an `` imperialist concept . '' to be honest , it comes across as very pedantic . 
  for me , they are interchangeable but neither are incorrect like some here say . 
  should we call italian `` toscano '' ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  why be pedantic with the name for one language and not others . 
  italian is just a variety of tuscan that was imposed on the rest of the country . 
  but even junqueras when he speaks it refers to it as italian . 
  the same can be said for french . 
  in both cases it was one language that was chosen as the `` national one '' and imposed on the rest of the country . 
  move along people , nothing to see here but local news . 
  in turkey the threshold is 10 % if i 'm not mistaken . 
  that seems absurdly high . 
  the difference is that spain , unlike portugal , has a pressing or recurring issue over whether parts of it hold referendums to become independent or not . 
  in parts of the country a plurality or majority wants independence . 
  refusing to allow a referendum risks a unilateral declaration of independence from the catalan government ( which is in the hands of pro-independence people ) along with the political/diplomatic crisis that goes with it . 
  a referendum on independence , like podemos or izquierda unida suggest , is the best way to deal with the situation . 
  compromising on that for the sake of forming a government means that this problem will only get worse . 
  i should also say that abandoning the commitment to a referendum would be crazy for podemos , which has partnered with nationalist parties and won in places like barcelona . 
  something has to give . 
  there have been demonstrations here in favour of independence attended by over a million people for years now . 
  if the right wins again in spain and keeps denying a referendum it will have the kind of unilateral split i described above . 
  i should know as i live in catalonia . 
  are they shipped back to tunisia or libya ? 
  because if they are n't the number of people travelling that route is only going to increase . 
  hopefully the eu will come up with a better means of shipping them back than letting tunisia and libya into the eu . 
  i think you are mistaking the euro for the eu . 
  if the euro were dissolved tomorrow , would it be recreated the day , a week or a year after it ? 
  in my opinion , it would n't be . 
  was it the eu that fucked this one up or leaders of european countries ( like merkel ) ? 
  but i otherwise i agree . 
  we should have been moving for such a deal with turkey much earlier than we did . 
  could we not have given the turks the same amount of money to take the migrants back a year ago without visa free travel or eu membership ? 
  instead we waited until northern europe could n't cope with any more before we moved to close off the route . 
  we were ( and are ) willing to do just about anything to make the migrants stop coming , whether it was cash or eu membership . 
  the weakness of our position was completely apparent to the turkish government as was seen in their demands . 
  we approached the tyrant erdogan from a position of weakness , not strength . 
  did you read his next point about the eurozone becoming a weaker germany , relying on demand from overseas for its exports and suppressing demand at home ? 
  that might work well for a small economy ( or even with exceptions like germany ) but it ca n't work for the eurozone as a whole . 
  the bigger problem in my opinion is that german politicians do n't seem to realise that the eurozone is currently not sustainable . 
  it was things like that plus the decision of the spanish constitutional court that led to this push for independence in the first place . 
  tell that to government of my country . 
  we 're supposedly neutral but the government spends very little on defence ( the lowest in the eu ) . 
  people see our geographical position as meaning defence spending is unnecessary ( why spend money on stuff you supposedly do n't need ) . 
  i have my doubts as to how well ireland could defend itself if it needed to . 
  thank you . 
  thank you . 
  i did n't know and i realise i could have just looked it up . 
   then again , i am german , i am not supposed to be funny in the first place . 
  you made me laugh just there . 
  what kind of news outlet is it ? 
  what town is that ? 
  thanks for your response , very interesting . 
  what is the nationalist movement like in the canarias ? 
  is it mainly about more autonomy or are there people who want independence there ? 
  that 's good .
