well i apologise for offending you then . 
  what will happen though if they do n't win a majority of votes ? 
  i find it interesting that you dismiss the people in the above case as `` one of our idiots '' while almost portraying assaults against catalonia as systematic . 
  i 've seen it here many times from catalan nationalists , but after having spent a lot of time with spaniards i do n't think they are brainwashed into hating catalans as you claim . 
   i think we independentists have more chances through parliamentary majorities . 
  that seems to be taking a side , or am i mistaken ? 
  i also did n't dig in your comment history . 
  i commented on your comment when you wrote it and i was reminded of it when i saw your username . 
  do n't waste your time . 
  the charming user / u/mate77 has [ openly admitted ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3dhlba/catalan_parties_planning_to_declare_independence/ct5cc1m ) that the pro-independence side has better chances of securing a majority through the plebiscitary elections than in a referendum . 
  i personally think that sentiment is pretty undemocratic to say the least . 
  bare in mind that the catalan users on here are generally pretty nationalist so it does n't surprise me that / u/toc _ a_somaten editorialized the title , despite it being against this sub 's guidelines . 
  in addition , there are users here who openly recognize that if a referendum were held on independence in catalonia ( with a yes/no question ) , [ it would most likely fail ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3dhlba/catalan_parties_planning_to_declare_independence/ct5cc1m ) according to the opinion polls . 
  they seem happy with these elections , despite not being very democratic , as a way to achieve their objectives . 
  as opposed to the catalan nationalists saying that every opposing view is utterly wrong and that they have n't a clue about what they are talking about . 
  catalonia could have a successful future as an independent state or it could be better off in spain . 
  if the latest opinion polls are to be believed , more people are in favor of the latter for whatever reasons . 
  if there was a referendum tomorrow on independence , the `` no '' side would win all other things being equal . 
  some pro-independence users here are aware of this and are arguing that the 27-s ( with the less representative result ) makes independence [ easier to achieve . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3dhlba/catalan_parties_planning_to_declare_independence/ct5cc1m ) that does n't seem democratic or respectful of the wishes of the catalan people at all ( something that pro-independence catalans have frequently accused the spanish government of doing ) . 
  that 's what a lot of people ( myself included ) believe . 
  the separatist leader junqueras said something similar [ here ] ( http://youtu.be/hktkgfc5qo4 ) in which he attributed the increase in support for independence to a question of dignity as people want to make decisions and are n't allowed to . 
  what do you mean ? 
  an opinion poll from early this month by a catalan institute showed `` no '' to independence with [ a 7 point lead . 
  ] ( http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/politica/barometro-ceo-independencia-4325694 ) all things being equal if there were a referendum on the issue tomorrow it would be rejected . 
  however , opinion polls the vote on 27th september show a the pro-independence block ( an alliance of 3 different parties ) winning a majority of seats . 
  the former president of the eu parliament ( and catalan ) josep borrell argued recently that the pro-independence option was not the majority but was hegemonic . 
  i think it 's fairer to say that it 's a plurality that wants independence . 
  whether a plurality of the population can legitimately put through big constitutional changes and whether this will be viewed as a valid poll on independence remains to be seen . 
  the fact that you freely admit this and believe a unilateral declaration of independence to be legitimate says a lot . 
  the majority is not behind it if the latest opinion polls are to be believed . 
  mas has said the outcome of these elections will be determined by the number of seats , not the number of votes which i do n't see as rendering them plebiscitary . 
  these elections will make a referendum on independence inevitable in my view . 
  yes unfortunately . 
  the opposition leader you are referring to is julius malema i think . 
  i suspect they did n't read it and based on their comment , i suspect they are one of those who are in denial about it . 
  for the record , the author of the article covered that point in more detail later on :  it is not that labour 's leadership is anti-semitic . 
  what is troubling has been its unwillingness to call out those who are . 
  and that is true of too many on the left . 
  did you read the article ? 
  ( read , then judge ) . 
  why do you write it as israel ? 
  do you have a link to that ( even in portuguese ) ? 
  i 'd be interested in reading more . 
  these are people who do not want to contribute to the society that took them in and integrate into it . 
  that , in my opinion , is the worst kind of immigration and i think we are right to seek an end to it . 
  i went back to ireland recently and could n't believe have common this is in dublin city centre . 
  but it 's not just dublin , in almost every city in northern europe this has become commonplace . 
  this is part of the reason i object to free movement of labour across the eu as i would really like to see an end to this scam . 
  one way would be for member states to control their borders ( with the right to deport eu migrants if necessary ) . 
  the only other option that we have to put an end to it is banning begging . 
  however , in my experience the roma beggars do not care what the law says ( they brought in laws against agressive begging in ireland , but they still do the same things anyway ) . 
  you can see a letter about this issue sent from the chief inspector of ofsted [ here ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/519478/260416_hmci_to_sos.pdf ), 
  i keep seeing comments saying its source is in saudi arabia . 
  saudi arabia is a big part of the problem and is exporting it everywhere , but it is not alone . 
  political islam has deep roots in egypt ( look at qutbism and the muslim brotherhood there ) . 
  i think the flaw in the analogy you are giving is that the catholic church 's position in society and over government was n't entrenched by the constitution . 
  once that move is taken , it is extremely difficult to undo democratically ( look at iran for example ) . 
  it depends on where the muslim immigrants come from . 
  in many islamic cultures , women are far from liberated and in some cases female education is a taboo . 
  when people move from one country to another they take their culture with them and there have been cases in the pakistani community in britain of women struggling to get an education against a very patriarchal mentality . 
  then of course , in addition to culture and language , muslims in europe often insist on separate standards of dress for women because of their religion . 
  that makes integration in the workplace quite difficult . 
  so irredentism is an excuse for not apologising for the armenian genocide ? 
  besides at the moment an apology is not even on the bloody table but rather more denial of the genocide by turkey . 
   we 've spent around sixty year pushing for a united europe & prodding the british to go along with it , dumping immense amounts of money into the idea , putting countless lives on the line to achieve it [ ... ] are you referring to america 's defence spending in europe or something else ? 
  if she were not black then she would be `` ethnic minority '' and claim the same thing . 
  i am reminded of the goldsmith 's student officer who claimed to be from an ethnic minority . 
  she was of turkish descent !, 
  are cypriots , georgians , italians , greeks and armenians ethnic minorities then ? 
  the best came later though when she said that being an ethnic minority woman meant she could n't be racist . 
  it is possible she is partially of black african descent ( although as somebody from tunisia i have no reason to believe that ) . 
  however , saying that she 's black here in europe would mean we have adopted the definition of blackness from the united states ( where one black ancestor means you can be identified as black ) . 
  to be fair , this was a rule that was used to discriminate against people of colour in the us ( including people of mixed race ) . 
  i think that is part of the reason people in the us do n't object if people of mixed race describe themselves as black . 
  a quick google search suggests he said that exact quote in 1986 whereas he was elected an mp in 1997 . 
  however , he has said controversial things about the ira while an mp . 
   a managed decline ... is europe condemned to that fate ? 
  i think it 's obvious we are being overtaken by asian economies . 
  but does that represent decline though ? 
  do german politicians recognise that the eurozone in its current state is unsustainable ? 
  because the steps that may be required to save it will depend to a great extent on germany . 
  ukip also has the climate skeptic loons like christopher monckton . 
  farage himself disputes anthropogenic climate change and has used his position to argue the same . 
  given how destructive that threatens to be for humanity , our economies as well as social cohesion , that position strikes me as irresponsible as talk of open borders . 
  she is an extremist and a crazy conspiracy theorist ( quite obsessed with zionism and israel ) . 
  however , i guess some people must be patting themselves on the back for how progressive they are electing a muslim woman as nus president , regardless ( or despite ) of the views she has . 
   her campaigns have included `` why is my curriculum white ? '', 
  and  the student also co-wrote an article describing birmingham university as `` something of a zionist outpost '' . 
  she seems like a charming person . 
  edit : she appears to have received an endorsement from muslim public affairs committee , a group that has been no platformed by the nus . 
  there are more recent examples in europe of countries becoming independent without bloodshed ( montenegro ) . 
  my country experienced a brief one from 1922 to 1923 following a peace treaty with the british ( the anglo-irish treaty of 1921 ) . 
  the nationalist movement split into pro and anti-treaty sides as for some it was a betrayal . 
  the nationalists had already declared the irish republic and the treaty got away with that . 
  in the end the pro-treaty side won the war and in the years following the war the anti-treaty side adopted abstentionism by refusing to take their seats . 
  the largest group of the anti-treaty side created a new party ( fianna f\u00e1il ) and abandoned abstentionism in 1927 . 
  this new party had great electoral success and moved towards making ireland a republic when they got into power in 1932 . 
  however , for a long time afterwards the remainder of the anti-treaty side did not recognise the legitimacy of the irish state as it derived its authority from the treaty . 
  sinn f\u00e9in continued with abstentionism until 1986 and many smaller groups still refuse to do so .
