  movies from the nazi era that is still being watched today . 
  one way to unite x ? 
  here 's a better , more poetic , translation : [ ode to joy ] ( http://lyricstranslate.com/en/ode-die-freude-ode-joy-ode-joy.html ), 
  we forgot to tell you : you 'll be annexed beforehand . 
  fair point . 
  one could argue against that that it fits the christmas season . 
  happy reddit-birthday btw !, 
  usually i 'm not a fan of the morgenpost outlets , but i find that one really good . 
  all in black , few words , a biblic verse - it all fits the calm mourning people are doing . 
  until / r/japan suddenly brigades you with memes when noone is expecting it ... 
  * usa, 
  yes , nazi symbols and gestures are illegal , except for educational purposes . 
  also , we do n't have freedom of speech , like in the us , but rather freedom of expression . 
  there 's a fine difference between both , e.g. 
  i could not shit talk about someone , because freedom of expression end when someone another ones freedom get restricted by it . 
  freedom of religion or to wear what the fuck you want , generally speaking . 
  of course it can easily be banned in a bank e.g. 
  as are other face hiding things like biker helmets . 
  also the definition of a burqa , niqab etc would be quite complex , not that scarfs in general or head scarfs - that are sometimes still worn by old ( german ) women - get banned as well . 
  i 'll upvote you for your attempt . 
  great . 
  now i have the urge to start eu4 again . 
  in the eu schengen area there is free movement of people , money etc. , this applies for all residents living in the area . 
  ( the people part was heavily discussed in britain prior brexit . ), 
  i could basically decide to work and live in france next week , the process would not be different than deciding to go from hamburg to berlin . 
  short , but very interesting video . 
  thank you !, 
  culture capital of europe - great city !, 
  nuclear is already done in germany . 
  merkel herself but the final nail in the coffin . 
  germans are generally speaking highly concerned with climate change , green energy , bio food , and animal ethics , which are classic green points . 
  anything but a great coalition , because we need a stronger opposition again . 
  personally would n't mind a left wing coalition either . 
  noone expects the ~ ~ spanish inquisition ~ ~ russian tanks, 
  so you could say every the queen meets every potus or every potus meets the same queen, 
  kind of ashamed right now that i know little to nothing about romania ... 
  not directly , no . 
  but it sounded like afd voters were all disappointed former cdu voters , which is not the case . 
  it is more like an extra information . 
  not for the chancellor , just for the president ( but who is mostly a representative for germany ) . 
  and what 's up with him ? 
  i have n't heard of him until now . 
  but do n't we already have a ( privatized ) european border police with frontex right now ? 
  eli5 the ` joke ' here please, 
  yeah this would be good for them . 
  so they 'll probably enter another coalition . 
  but many afd voters were also former linke ( protest ) voters, 
  imagine : people voting afd instead of cdu , leading to a left-left-green coalition . 
  oh i would love the irony of that !, 
  but hey , merkel 's gone . 
  that what they were shouting all the time . 
  also it was always in different coalitions , so the comparison with putin is a bit off . . 
   white guilt talking about buzzwords . 
   in a more serious matter : i 'm not 100 % opposed to your plan and it is already partly done this way . 
  but if anyone comes in and seeks asylum ( and this should always be a possible option ) , it has to be checked and - if approved - the person should get the chance to migrate into an eu country . 
  i wanted to show what kind of small impact the spd had chancellor-wise in germany . 
   so you want people to adopt ~ ~ leftist ~ ~ human fundaments * based on human rights and kantian philosophy etc. 
  * to then base their solutions upon ftfy . 
  and yes . 
  konrad adenauer ( cdu ) had 14 years as chancellor . 
  helmuth kohl ( cdu ) had 16 years . 
  angela merkel ( cdu ) has 12 years and counting . 
  all the chancellors of the spd served for a combined 20 years . 
  * edit : wording , thanks everyone *, 
  this . 
  it 's funny and stupid at the same time , that the 3 major religions ( christianity , judaism and islam ) are basically the same the first hundred pages . 
  later comes a prophet , recognized by all religions , who the christans take as their saviour and split apart and the islam basically does the very same thing even later again , with a prophet who is recognized by jews and muslims alike . 
  seriously , if all three parties could preach the beginning of their bible / qur ` an / torah , you could n't see much differences . . 
   spd voters and die gr\u00fcne voters and afd voters ( i am none of them ) so you are either fdp or linke . 
   but that depends entirely on the far-left die linke becoming more moderate . 
  i would say it depends more on the spd , who already had last time ( a theoretical ) chance of leading a left-wing coalition , but even refused to go into talks ( if i remember correctly ) . 
  but yes , die linke has to make sacrifices as well . 
  we do not live in a shithole right now . . 
   it 's the flag of `` the good nazis '' that should at least be put in quotes ... 
   it is as if only complete and unconditional acceptance of immigration is acceptable in todays europe tip from a leaft-leaning person : discuss the * how * , not the * if * . 
  do n't say * we should n't let them in * , but try to make arguments about the * how we should react * ( with such masses of people coming in a relative short time frame , which was totally new for modern eu ) . 
  the first can easily be seen as racist and is against many ( asylum ) laws . 
  the latter is politics , which should be openly discussed in public . 
   you know illegal immigrants still make more then they would at home under the minimum wage ? 
  probably yes , but also - and this point is mostly ignored when making this argument - the cost of living are exceptionally higher in germany than in 3rd world countries . 
   i agree refugees should have been helped , but the help was handled poorly . 
  and the last part is where politic agendas can differ from left to right and that is totally fine . 
  i 'm on the left-leaning side on this topic , but i can understand arguments against a different agenda . 
  but , like you said , we should discuss the * how * , not the * if * . 
  his party got 33.1 % to be exactly in the 1932 election , where he got nominated and elected for president afterwards . 
  ( but i 'm no historian and it 's not the easiest topic . ), 
  democratic elected , but with the help of intimidation . 
  the nazis later told everyone they forced the power on themselves ( `` machtergreifung '' ) , because it sounded stronger than hitler actually playing by the rules of democracy , which he wanted to abolish . 
  do n't know about the word ashamed , maybe kind of . 
  it 's complicated because it is 70 years back and it does n't feel remotely like germany today , but on the other hand it was undeniably a really dark part of our history . 
  we are told enough about those 12 years and the general knowledge about the 3rd reich is pretty high . 
  in history class we talked about it in 5th , 8th and 12th grade ( maybe more , long time ago ) . 
  also , there is always at least one 3rd reich documentary on german television all the time and there is no denying about the horrors and crimes in any of it . 
  even more generally speaking : in germany not only sex sells for media ( as probably in most countries ) , but also hitler sells . 
  one of the best weekly magazines in germany , der spiegel , has approximately every two months a title story about hitler and the nazis . 
  even the rota flora stated that they have no understanding for this madness . 
  that 's some awesome shit, 
  looks kinda like the mordor eye, 
  they have a cleaning roster . 
  next week it 's your turn .
