  shit , even when the stun lock was in the game , there was still a certain amount of skill involved . 
  i like the aesthetics of the game , but i hate everything else . 
  i do n't know what this game is now , but it 's not the culling . 
  i hope that xaviant gets their act together , and rather than just saying shit like `` we hear your complaints , but we do n't care '' , actually take the players ' advice , especially veterans of the game , and fix this fucking combat . 
  i like the developers of the game as individuals , but as a team that is meant to listen to the players , you guys fucking suck . 
  sorry devs , again , i love you guys , but get your shit together . 
  please . 
  hey everyone , i bought my first sword yesterday . 
  it 's a russian shashka . 
  can somebody please tell me what the markings are , and if possible , if the sword is genuine ? 
  thank you in advance to anyone who can help me . 
  as the title suggests , my mouse cursor is constantly present during the game . 
  it 's extremely distracting and is stopping me from being able to block effectively . 
  staring at red for too long triggers migraines for me . 
  i ca n't play lol anymore without getting at the very least a bad headache . 
  hey , i 've got about 550 hours in hoi4 , and have recently started playing with a group of friends ( about 10 of us ) . 
  i 'm pretty much the only one who plays as russia , and one of my mates is the only one who plays germany ( nobody else wants to play either nation ) . 
  now , my friend always starts an early war against russia ( ' 39 - ' 40 ) . 
  how can i survive ? 
  i know to hold the massive river in russia , and to put forts and stacks of troops along it , but i always seem to die within a year . 
  ( he also never gives me half of poland ), 
  i 've tried getting him to start the war historically , but he never does . 
  can somebody give me some tips on how to survive , or if it 's even possible ? 
  hey , so i used to play as the tl often on ro2/rs , so i do have experience and am not just talking out of my arse . 
  i 've been playing rs2 for a few hours straight now , and have so far seen 4 people get kicked . 
  i 've also come to notice that a lot of games there will be no tl for the majority of the round , and even the people who i used to play with in ro2 who 'd tl a lot are now too scared to do it . 
  even in ro2 , a good tl would get tk 's , often times over 10 during the round . 
  it just does n't seem fair that you get kicked , even when people forgive you . 
  sorry if this is poorly worded , i 'll try and update it later once i get the time . 
  edit : i 'm not saying the players kick you , i 'm saying getting kicked and session banned for getting too many tk 's , which is bound to happen when you 're the commander . 
  me joined the room . 
  spartanxmunky joined the room . 
  me : miood, 
  fuzzymuncher joined the room . 
  lud white0x joined the room . 
  spartanxmunky ctbum : jg, 
  fuzzymuncher lun -- b : top, 
  xxeyezacxx : im going mid, 
  me : i got it though, 
  xxeyezacxx : im going mid, 
  me : i got the call off first, 
  xxeyezacxx : good for you, 
  me : do n't be a jerk, 
  xxeyezacxx : im going mid, 
  lud white0x \u00ae \u00ae : dude u cant take someones lane, 
  xxeyezacxx : watch me, 
  me : i 'll supp if we all agree to report him, 
  lud white0x \u00ae \u00ae : so over nubs in this game, 
  lud white0x \u00ae \u00ae : dw man im reporting him anyway, 
  this shit seems to happen every few games . 
  it 's extremely annoying , as it was my last game of the night , first time going mid for a few days , and this happens . 
  i will admit , i 'm not the perfect player , and i can be a dick sometimes just like anyone else , but i never steal someone 's lane . 
  in the end , he ended up actually carrying the game ( went yasuo ) and got an s , but that does n't take away from the fact that he stole my lane , and basically ruined the game for me . 
  hey , so today while playing hoi4 , i noticed that the autosaves were taking a little bit longer than they usually do . 
  i ran some repairs on my ssd ( samsung 850 evo 500gb ) and my sshd ( seagate 2tb ) . 
  the repairs came up fine , and my saves went back to normal . 
  later in the day , my pc froze . 
  the windows loading bar came up , and about 10 seconds later i got `` windows has stopped working '' . 
  i had to hard shutdown my pc ( held down the power button ) , and as the pc was starting up , it took quite a bit longer that it usually does to start up . 
  all attempts to google this return with threads about errors with windows explorer , which i do n't think is my problem . 
  i 'm extremely anxious about this , as my computer is basically my only form of entertainment . 
  should i be worrying about this ? 
  could it have just been a software bug , or could this be a more serious issue ? 
  i built my pc about 4 years ago , however , the only parts that are still in my pc from back then are my 2tb and my cpu ( intel i7-4790 ) . 
  it 's currently 8 am and i really have n't been able to sleep since all of this happened . 
  seriously freaking out about this . 
  unfortunately pretty much all vpns ( except for payed for ones ) are blocked by netflix . 
  i do have the season downloaded , but i much prefer the comfort of watching it on netflix . 
  hey , this might be a stupid question , but i have to ask before i re download the mod . 
  is it compatible with other mods such as ace ? 
  i 'm thinking about using this for a mission in my arma 3 group , but i really need to know if it 's compatible with other mods . 
  the reason i ca n't check myself , is that i 'm from australia , so my internet is extremely slow , and i do n't want to download something if it 's going to be a waste of time . 
  thanks for any replies . 
  species : canine, 
  age : 12-13 ( got her from the pound when i was 6 , now 18 . 
  she was around a year old ) . 
  sex/neuter status : desexed, 
  breed : german short-haired pointer, 
  body weight : ~ 20 kg, 
  history : was abused and anorexic before we got her from the pound . 
  has n't had any health problems since , except for being a little bit small for her age . 
  clinical signs : has a lump under her right eye , on her snout . 
  shown in the following pictures :, 
  4 . http://i.imgur.com/svmzicc.jpg - clearest picture i could get . 
  duration : over night . 
  your general location : victoria , australia, 
  i think this breaks the rules of the sub , but i 'm not going to be using any comments that suggest what it may be as a diagnosis . 
  i 'm simply posting here to hopefully get some piece of mind , or at least allow myself to prepare for the worst . 
  i love my dog , and have had her for 2/3 of my life . 
  i have very bad anxiety , and this is , for lack of a better word , triggering a bad state of anxiety . 
  edit : some additional information . 
  the lump is very hard to touch , and feels like a bone . 
  she does n't seem like she is in any pain . 
  i know she 's old , and i 've been preparing myself for her death for a while now , but i do n't want her to die . 
  i do n't know what i 'd do . 
  she 's one of the only things i love in this world . 
  edit 2 : as mentioned in the title , i am taking her to the vet . 
  if it was at all possible , i 'd be taking her to the vet this very moment . 
  the reason i 'm unable to is my dad is out of town right now , and wo n't be back until monday . 
  i do n't have enough money to check her into the vet at this point , and do n't have a car .
