  anyway , we continued walking towards the gym . 
  at this point , he 'd gotten ahead of me by about 10 metres . 
  once i 'd reached the line the class had formed outside the gym , i heard people complaining , and asking if somebody had farted . 
  i obviously became very distressed by this , though kept quiet . 
  once we 'd gone inside to the locker rooms , i headed straight to the toilet , and wiped . 
  nothing . 
  no marks that would indicate any bad smells . 
  i checked the bottoms of my shoes . 
  nothing again . 
  there was no reason for me to be smelling bad . 
  now , despite all the things people were saying , i had n't actually smelled anything bad myself . 
  i chalk/ed this up to me being used to the smell . 
  anyway , that day ended . 
  i pretty much forgot about it for about a week , until the next incident happened . 
  it was the first class of the day , and we were lining up to go into the cooking class . 
  and it happened again . 
  someone asked if somebody had farted , and a few other people started asking about it as well . 
  the teacher finally arrived to the class , and also mentioned a bad smell . 
  we headed into the classroom . 
  some kids sitting at the table next to me started whispering to each other , saying things like `` something smells like shit '' , and `` do you smell that ? '' . 
  i began feeling physically ill , and headed to the toilets to throw up . 
  i went home early that day . 
  the next day , i stayed home , saying i felt too ill to go to school . 
  this was kind of true , though , i did n't feel `` ill '' , just extremely anxious , to the point that i was shaking . 
  the next day , i went to school , and again , those kids were whispering the same things to each other , which caused me to become ill and go home early . 
  this happened pretty much every time i was at school , which was only a few times a week , as i started staying home due to my extreme stress and anxiety . 
  i completed the year , barely . 
  the next year , i went for about 1 term , and then left again . 
  the stress and anxiety was too strong for me . 
  my parents and teachers tried to put me into a local program for kids who did n't go to school , however not only was the anxiety too bad for me , but the kids there were delinquents . 
  they 'd constantly leave the class for cigarette breaks , they 'd always swear at the teachers , etc. 
  it just was n't for me . 
  the next year , i went back for year nine , however i only lasted a few weeks before i had to leave again . 
  i did n't go back for year 10 or 11 . 
  i 'm meant to be in year 12 right now , but i just ca n't go . 
  i tried to do a tafe course last year , but i had to drop out , again , due to anxiety . 
  i 've started trying to learn maths through a website now , however i even struggle with doing year 8 stuff . 
  i 'm seeing therapists now , which tends to help me for about a week , however if i go any longer than that without seeing them , i fall into a state of depression , and just lock myself away in my room , on my computer . 
  i 've been like this since i was basically 13 . 
  i often contemplate suicide , and honestly feel as though i probably will do it in the future . 
  whether that 's in a month , year , or 10 , i do n't know . 
  my life 's a mess , and i just do n't have any motivation to fix it at this point . 
  anyway , i thank anybody who took the time to read this . 
  i know the reason for the anxiety is stupid , but it seems so real to me most of the time . 
  no clue . 
  i 've had therapists tell me there probably never was a smell . 
  i honestly think that 's just simply not true . 
  too many coincidences for it to not have been there . 
  i honestly have no idea what was causing it . 
  the anxiety has gotten slightly better , though it 's still a huge obstacle . 
  now it 's mostly a battle with depression , which is hard . 
  i just hope i can get my education up to date . 
  i used to be a great student . 
  now , at least for my age maths wise , i 'm dumb as a brick : /, 
  i 'm about to see a new one on the 5th , as my old therapist left . 
  hopefully he can help me out . 
  thanks for the support . 
  means a lot , 
  cheers . 
  it 's quite fun to learn , i just need to find the motivation to do it more often , and for longer periods at a time . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm hoping i can learn to manage it . 
  i 've been there for almost a year now . 
  still refuse to play it again . 
  oh please . 
  this circle jerk needs to stop . 
  the vast majority of police officers are not bad people . 
  you only hear about the few bad ones . 
  calling the cops bad for not changing the way the police department runs , is like blaming the postman because your mail was lost before it even reached him . 
  i know i 'm going to be downvoted to oblivion for this , but this reddit circle jerk is just insane . 
  and here i am in australia , with no its always sunny :(, 
  yeah , planning on it . 
  as i said , i ca n't get to the vet until monday , so i have to wait through the weekend . 
  not sure why i 'm being downvoted . 
  it 's out of my control for when i can get her in to the vet . 
  and honestly , it 's quite obvious that the downvoters did n't even bother reading the post . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  it puts me at ease to be getting a reply , rather than just having people downvoting my comments . 
  i was starting to think that i was doing something wrong . 
  if it turns out that it is a bite , i assume it could potentially get worse , so i 'm going to be keeping a very watchful eye on her . 
  if it ends up getting any worse , i 'll just need to call someone out . 
  might rack up a few hundred dollars in bills , but i 'd prefer that over her going through any pain , or potentially dying . 
  again , thank you for the reply . 
  her teeth have worn down over the years . 
  she can still eat dry food , and does n't show any signs of pain while eating . 
  i did try to look inside her mouth today , but i could n't manage to get it open . 
  as far as i can tell , she is n't in any pain , and was eating her dinner just fine a few hours ago ( mixture of dry food and wet food ) . 
  thank you for this bit of information . 
  i 'm hoping it 's something as simple as this . 
  i know my old girl has probably only got a few years left in her , but i do n't want that small amount of time to be cut short by something as shitty as cancer . 
  your way of typing is * extremely * condescending , though i assume it 's meant to be . 
  i love my dog , and would do almost anything for her . 
  the fact that you 're trying to make me out to be a bad pet owner because i ca n't get her to the vet straight away absolutely sickens me . 
  i 've grown up with her , and if i thought it was bad enough that she needed immediate vet treatment , i would not hesitate to go to a neighbour and have them drive me out to the vet . 
  i honestly regret making this post here . 
  i 've had a couple people who are at least considerate enough to see my situation for what it is , and have actually helped me and given me piece of mind . 
  others , such as yourself , have gotten on their high horses and simply insulted me , or down voted me ( basically symbolises the same thing ) . 
  i 'm sure that if you were unable to drive , and your closest neighbour was a 15 minute drive away , you 'd be feeling pretty hopeless too . 
  when i found the lump , i had a legitimate panic attack . 
  i called my mother ( who is 6 hours away ) , i called my dad , and i even called the vet ( despite not having any money ) , to see if they 'd be able to make a trip out to my place , to which they declined , saying they only make trips for animals such as cattle and livestock , and that i 'd need to wait until i could drive in .
