  but you can have a gavin_freedom if it 's taken , 
  not going to lie , ever since the push spam was implemented , my hours have n't really risen much . 
  currently sitting on like 130 something hours for the last month . 
  i just wish they 'd fix it already . 
  i absolutely adored this games combat before the shove spam patch . 
  reminds me of what happened to me ages ago : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlymzzk4r1a, 
  farts make sound ? 
  kinda like america !, 
  on reddit , a lot of the time people will downvote all of the posts that were made around the time they posted , so their post has more of a chance of being seen . 
  yeah , it 's a prick of a thing to do, 
  ... aaaaand now i 'm hard, 
  lizard people, 
  brandon, 
  there actually is !, 
  if you listen very closely , you will hear it , 
  is it 2011 again ? 
  so it 's like max payne 3 ? 
  so back out of the fight for a few seconds to regen ? 
  i 've honestly very rarely encountered 0 stamina . 
  fighting until you hit 0 stamina is a very stupid play , and you should be punished for it . 
  it 's one of the things that sets a good player apart from a bad player . 
  edit : downvoted !, 
  i love it !, 
  no doubt it was either op or somebody else who ca n't fight . 
  i did n't mind the guy before he decided to sue ethan and hila . 
  now i hate the cunt . 
  any idea if this will be available through arma 3 sync ? 
  i honestly do n't want another launcher on my pc . 
  this used to be one of my favorite games . 
  i 'd play in the nw line battles all the time ( until the community started dying and turning toxic ) . 
  they made all that money just for staring into a movie ? 
  pretty much la noire in a nut shell . 
   doubt : you fucking bitch , i know you murdered him !, 
  / r/perfectloop, 
  learn to fight ... 
  i 'm here !, 
  we had waited about 30 minutes , seeing if a game might have been in progress , and by that point we were committed to it . 
  i honestly do n't really enjoy ffa : /, 
  i prefer to chat and play with my mate . 
  grape jelly , bitch, 
  sweet . 
  thanks, 
  17 , lived here my whole life , 
  i 'm not sure about other schools in australia , but we were taught a mixture of both . 
  the teacher explained to us how much fun sex can be , but that you need to be careful and use protection , otherwise bad shit can happen . 
  was it a 1 time deal ? 
  hate those fucking gooses, 
  sorry , as / u/marklar5 pointed out , i meant goosen, 
  yeah , i 've been getting these terrible queues for like 3 days now . 
  so fucking annoying . 
  reading through all the responses to this answer , i think we should just stop naming ships anything similar to `` titanic '' . 
  i do n't really have much money , so if you could send a game my way , it 'd make my year , 
  nothing . 
  backdoor sluts 2 . 
  the first one was pretty tame , but the sequel ... no . 
  agreed . 
  the life that guy must have lived would have been absolutely amazing . 
  what about the title is trying to undermine the effort those men went through ? 
  d-d-did ... you eat them ? 
  sad that because somebody proved one of their superstitions wrong that they chased the poor guy out of the country . 
  wait , there 's a watch dogs 2 ? 
  i asked out 2 girls on the same day over facebook ... one of them said yes , and the other proceeded to show people the message i sent her ... that relationship did n't last . 
  but unfortunately they rarely are . 
  the only one that i see get even a * little * bit of scrutiny is chris kyle . 
  well ... 
  i mean he deserved a bit of the money . 
  he was the one who fell after all . 
  in before this gets countered with `` but bad people will get guns through the black market ! '', 
  edit : you americans can downvote me all you want , but your gun laws are fucked , and these things only happen in other countries once every 20-30 years . 
  yes , because we see this in all other developed countries !, 
  which is why australia , new zealand , and lots of other countries with tighter gun control policies have mass shootings every year , right ? 
  people are complaining about this , but honestly , i think it 'd be kinda cool to see each character die , as well as the reactions from the rest of the characters . 
  well fuck me , that 's 5 minutes of my life i 'm not getting back . 
  i 'd pay off my dad 's medical bills if i won, 
  not just most likely , he was innocent . 
  why is this in the bannerlord subreddit ? 
  tell that to people playing in oceania :p, 
  shoot it !, 
  we 've reloaded a few times . 
  i 'm the host , so maybe it is a weird glitch to do with that : /, 
  it 's really annoying , because i was looking forward to flying around . 
  i 'm australian , and i spent far too long trying to figure out how the driver of the mustang was at fault . 
  as a person , this makes me sad . 
  i know right , you 'd think they could make a working camera by now !, 
  the fart master !, 
  it 's called fucking `` roast me '' you mong, 
  probably shitting and dribbling on myself ( i was 11 months old ), 
  what a fucking idiot, 
  i just feel sorry for the poor kid :(, 
  you did a great job of blacking out the names !, 
  because i was banned for making a yo mama joke ... 
  my own fart . 
  now , everyone loves their own brand , but how about after a 3 day ordeal of binge eating taco bell ? 
  * those * are my favorite farts . 
  make that guy fuck his chessboard, 
  [ all i could think of after reading this post ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/3aarufx68qg1y/giphy.gif ), 
  sorry , but i 've seen the video , and the officers were 100 % in the right to shoot . 
  careful , you might cut yourself on that edge, 
  this is n't really enough information : /, 
  as an australian , i cancelled my subscription as soon as they blocked vpn 's .
