another pizza advice, 
  ftfy, 
  rocks floating on lava , grapes , wet bread , maybe a twisted ball of something . 
  a fart . 
  i shit myself 6 times in a day , 2 of which were on a plane . 
  reddit : the place where we accept everyone 's opinions , unless they 're different from ours . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is some kind of agreement saying that anyone can remake the office , they just need to do the first 3 episodes the same as the uk version . 
  depends what country . 
  edit because some idiots downvoted me : america is n't the only country with states . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot of people would be raiding the pharmacy for antibiotics . 
  my own farts . 
  the way it just rears its head back gets me . 
  haha , i remember years ago having this emailed to me all the time !, 
  good memories . 
  i got goosebumps reading this . 
  get some pizza from dominos . 
  hmmm ... 
  black ops 2 had just come out , and a buddy of mine decided he wanted to 1v1 me . 
  little did he know that i played ( quit last year ) call of duty competitively . 
  i fucking romped him ( 30-0 ) . 
  is that a line from [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wqfayhequy ) song ? 
  a chance at living without anxiety . 
  or they could put water in the glass ... 
  suppressor *, 
  huh , this was posted a few months ago with the * exact * same title . 
  i 'm all for reposts after a couple of months , but come on , at least be original with a fucking title . 
  `` the name 's mick taylor !, 
  nice to meet ya . 
  now , my camps just down the road ... '', 
  is n't it normal to not give a fuck about people you do n't like/know ? 
  i 'm sure a lot of you will fucking hate me for saying this , but not everything is about america . 
  yeah , but we 're the most advanced and smartest species on this planet , who within 100 years will most likely be colonizing other planets . 
  that is fucking amazing . 
  why would you want such a magnificent species to die ? 
  also , how are we * more * selfish than other animals ? 
  animals kill each other to survive , as do humans . 
  a little girl standing in the corner with hair covering her face ,, 
  you 'd fucking boil to death ... 
  probably the battle of waterloo , where over 60 000 men were killed/injured . 
  basically napoleon attempted to split the armies of the enemies up , and destroy them 1 by 1 . 
  is a quarter 1 cent ? 
  a cop on a horse says to a little girl on bike , `` did santa get you that ? '', 
  `` yes , '' replies the little girl . 
  `` well tell him to put a reflector light on it next year ! '', 
  and fines her $ 5 . 
  the little girl looks up at the cop and says , `` nice horse you 've got there , did santa bring you that ? '', 
  the cop chuckles and replies , `` he sure did ! '', 
  `` well , '' says the little girl , `` next year tell santa that the d * ck goes under the horse , not on top of it ! '', 
  i vill drink from yer skull !, 
  i do n't think anyone would listen to an australian boy , aside from the cia , who would most likely water board me and torture me to get more information from me . 
  also , if we are put back to the age we were at , i 'd only be like 3 ... so yeah . 
  hmmm : /, 
  wow , you 're a real cunt , are n't you ? 
  so ... you molest you toys ? 
  america is n't as important as you all think it is . 
  i just find it sad that people can be obsessed with a fucking * child 's * show . 
  i 'm going to say reddit . 
  i 've said this before , and i 'll say it again :, 
  reddit : the place where we accept everyone 's opinions , unless they 're different from ours . 
  uhm , i do n't think raping babies should be legal ... 
  like , what the fuck mate ? 
  how do you know he 's not from north korea ? 
  a new computer . 
  well , not a new one , but maybe another graphics card , just so i can have 2 in my computer . 
  down grade the power supply , case and switch the hdd out for another ssd . 
  it was n't canceled though ... 
  it ended . 
  oh , i thought `` yorkie lick '' was something else ... 
  i swear this was posted like 2 weeks ago ... 
  [ the lobo !, 
  ] ( http://unrealitymag.com/images/world-war-zs-zombie-killing-lobo-sort-of-comes-to-life/ ), 
  only for someone trained . 
  without the right technique , the blade will shatter . 
   other than a gun, 
  when the government tells you it 's okay . 
  god damn it dwight !, 
  might wan na blur our her last name ... 
  anyone who has seen this photo now know this girls first and last name . 
  to be fair , ( most of ) us men do n't have vagina 's . 
  all you have to do is tell us how you like it , and we 'll oblige . 
  if you press 9 , you will hear a goose !, 
  yes . 
  google or gavin ? 
  cheers mate , that clears it up a lot . 
  mostly them just coming off as though they think they are better than everyone else . 
  i have talked to many americans who believe their country is the most `` free '' country in the world , simply because they can own just about any gun they want , and have democracy . 
  news flash : other countries can vote for their own leader as well . 
  not just america . 
  my dad makes these every few weeks . 
  homemade pizza is the best . 
  but why did n't she aim for a mountain and run down it ? 
  fuck off racist . 
  what 's the website called ? 
  i ca n't fill out my details through the picture :(, 
  they look all cute , but they 're fucking fast and scary and will eat you !, 
  you 've obviously never played napoleonic wars :p, 
   so drink away healthy redditors, 
  what is a `` healthy '' redditor ? 
  holy fuck , i forgot all about that movie !, 
  i ca n't wait till the guy at the top falls .
