  i have no problem with people playing on consoles , but saying that most people do n't have the time to build a pc is ridiculous . 
  all you need to do is order the parts , or even go to a local store and ask them to put together a build for you , and then ... either build it , or get someone else to . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  it looks gold to me, 
  that 's australia mate , we call it a thong over here, 
  i was 11 in 2010, 
  would you recommend the black ice mod ? 
  i played a tiny bit of hoi3 ( like , less than 10 hours , compared to the 50-60 i have gotten in hoi4 in the last 2 weeks ) and heard that black ice was a must have mod . 
  is it any good in hoi4 ? 
  i read this in jim jefferies voice ... 
  congratsa america , you 're now one more step towards being civilised !, 
  `` are ... are you sick ? '', 
  i do n't think it will `` most likely '' rip into your arsehole ... 
  ha , well considering this is n't a repost , and was my own literal shower thought , i think i had the right to post it . 
  if i had 've known other people had already posted this ... 
  i probably still would have posted . 
  not to mention that those are from well over a year ago . 
  a bit pedantic of you to be linking posts from over a year ago as your only sources . 
  yeah , pretty much what i did when i saw the comment . 
  then i actually clicked the links and laughed even harder . 
  pretty sad that people go to those lengths to try and `` expose '' people . 
  is n't he worried about men seeing baby genitals and turning into rape machines ? 
  i have n't used a console for years ... 
  i do n't know if i want to fork out another few hundred dollars just to buy this : /, 
  as much as i loved the other 2 red dead 's , i think i 'm going to have to skip this game . 
  how is this cringey ? 
  it 's quite obviously a joke ... 
  yeah , australian here too , i just set it to download over night . 
  just woke up , but still got about 6 hours left to download : /, 
  play the fucking objective, 
  eh , when i play with my mates we will lock the squad . 
  better to be able to all effectively communicate than have a random in the squad doing his own thing . 
  if you did n't enjoy the beta , and are a fan of call of duty , you 'll probably enjoy cod more . 
  i feel kinda bad for this kid . 
  more than likely comes from a shit home . 
  spam left click, 
  yeah ... no thanks . 
  not in a ww1 game . 
  that 's not a joke . 
  there was nothing funny about it . 
  it was just cringey . 
  you seem like a very angry person . 
  i hope you end up finding happiness somewhere . 
  if i left the house , i might find a spouse . 
  jim jefferies is one of the best comedians i 've heard, 
  he truly is the mad king, 
  but he watched the video ... surely despite not previously knowing , he would understand from watching the video that the skin was worth hundreds of dollars . 
  how are you upvoted so much ? 
  fuck man , i want to laugh , i really do, 
   bush was far more noticable but he did ~ ~ have ~ ~ 9/11 and the economic collapse happened under him, 
  ah that makes me feel heaps better . 
  just to make sure we 're talking about the same person , would you say he had a rather * lordly * persona ? 
  yeah , i remember you :p i was australia, 
  no , this is actually creepy . 
  we save that sub for pictures of scarecrows and weird masks . 
  but have they ever read shakespeare ? 
  yeah i know , i was making a very obscure reference to the ricky gervais show . 
  i mean , unless you 've been living under a rock , you * should * know the game . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ gta5, 
  so finding a new community that has run away from negan , and also has an arsenal of weapons , is filler ? 
  i mean , what do you want in an episode ? 
  non stop negan and rick scenes , full of killing and gore ? 
  yeah , you do have a point . 
  personally i enjoyed the episode , but i can see that it could have been better . 
  aww man , those last 2 photos gave me a lump in my throat . 
  what an absolute cunt of a human being . 
  what a great fucking anecdote . 
  could n't have put it better myself . 
  you might even call him `` kangaroo jack '' . 
  might wan na see a doctor , i think you had a stroke, 
  i got banned from there for suggesting that 2 celebrities banged some guys mum . 
  [ pic here ] ( https://i.redd.it/wjan1bhico6x.jpg ), 
  `` everyone 's the hero of their own story '' . 
  nah , our bosses are required to pay us over here, 
  i usually hold down space as soon as i die , and if i see a medic appear on my screen , i 'll let go . 
  obviously i 'll wait if i 'm in a high traffic area , however , on maps like sinai there 's no point in waiting those extra seconds . 
  i like to use tanks and planes , so waiting those extra seconds could cost me a vehicle . 
  you can survive being stabbed in the heart, 
  edit : not sure why i 'm being downvoted . 
  you can survive a direct stab to the heart . 
  there 's been numerous cases of people being stabbed in the heart and surviving . 
  the `` right to bear arms '' made sense when not everybody could get their hands on a weapon that could slaughter a room full of innocent people . 
  muskets are a lot different than automatic weapons . 
  i honestly think your country needs to go over the amendments , specifically the second . 
  why is it that australia has n't had a massacre since we banned all guns except bolt actions ? 
  you realise you guys overturned the 18th amendment , right ? 
  are right , i just assumed all your amendments fell under the bill of rights . 
  i guess i should have spent a few hours studying american history before making that comment . 
  i thought we were having a conversation ? 
  there was never any talking down to anybody , at least not from my end . 
   maybe i 'm just a bad person, 
  from what you 've written , yeah , you are . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're just being edgy or what , but you seem like a person i 'd never want to meet . 
  the problem is that they do n't feel hate . 
  they do n't feel anything , and ** that ** is what makes them scary . 
  the fuck 's an icelolly ? 
  i 'm assuming it 's an iceypole ? 
  i 'm sorry if you actually have been raped in real life , but you ca n't be raped online . 
  as someone who games a ton , i have been in hilarious scenarios such as the above video , and have not once felt violated , simply because you can run away from it . 
  if for whatever reason you feel uncomfortable , you can simply alt + f4 out of the game .
