  if you do n't vote in australia , you get a fine , and i honestly think that 's how it should be . 
  what 's so bad about uniformed people voting ? 
  have you got something against people who wear uniforms ? 
  the majority of really obese people have mental issues . 
  i honestly think we should shift our view from telling them they 're fat and ugly , to `` we 're going to get you to see a therapist and a dietitian . '', 
  i walked in on 2 guys fucking on a bed , while a girl masturbated in the corner ... 
  that was unique . 
  i fucking hate it . 
  people literally post a picture of a cat sitting on a bed and it gets upvoted to the front page . 
  i swear the people who visit that sub are simple . 
  i lost my $ 80 to csgo casino . 
  i did n't know they had a 1 minute delay on bets , so my knife went into the next pot , where someone put in like $ 500 . 
  agreed , it should n't be something that is praised , but it should n't be something that people are belittled over . 
  instead , they should be helped . 
  the only problem with this is that glen was wearing a grey shirt , and the body that the guts were being torn out of had a grey shirt on ... :'(, 
  aside from what happened to glen , did n't rick also cut his hand on a knife that was covered in walker blood ? 
  i feel that even if rick does n't get eaten by the herd , he 's still going to be infected . 
  haha , thanks :p i 'm an rt fan, 
  `` if i recall correctly '', 
  [ glenn from the walking dead :( ] ( / spoiler ), 
  what 's not so ? 
  the fact that he is dead , or the fact that it is sad ? 
  he is :(, 
  people are saying that he could have `` rolled under the dumpster '' but i really do n't see him fitting under there , tbh . 
  i know it sucks , but he is definitely dead . 
  can i get a banana for scale ? 
  racism . 
  hmmm , good points , and you may well be right , though i am still on the fence about him being alive . 
  i guess we will need to wait for next week then ? 
  wow , great video . 
  how do i join ? 
  have you ever had hundreds , or even thousands of people bullying you ? 
  it 's a lot tougher than you may think . 
  i 'm going to assume you 're american , so let 's say you 're a high ranking general during world war 2 , and you find out that your country for whatever reason is actually the evil guys , because they are committing a genocide or something . 
  would you defect and allow the enemy to attack your country ? 
  killing countless civilians and soldiers along the way ? 
  i have n't laughed as hard as i did when gavin shot coe in a long time . 
  moral like stoning a misbehaving child to death ? 
  moral like selling your daughter into slavery ? 
  if you 're going to get you morals from the bible , you ca n't just pick and choose the nice shit and then say that is what your religion tells you . 
  my point is , people do n't get their morals from religion , for example , i do n't believe in a god , yet i very surprisingly do n't feel the need to rape and kill people . 
  amazing , is n't it ? 
  anyone who says you need religion to be moral is a fucking idiot . 
  this is fucking despicable . 
  seriously , if i lived in america , i would fear for my life . 
  this is scary shit . 
  haha , downvote me all you want , at least i do n't live in a country where i need to fear the very people who are meant to protect me . 
  you 're lucky a snake did n't eat your penis . 
  if you use a bit of logic , you can determine that if there was a god , it would n't be any of the gods that humans have made up . 
  though i 'm with you on this . 
  99.5 % sure there are no gods . 
  if you read the sisters parts in tina belcher 's voice , it makes it so much funnier . 
  australia ? 
  i 'm playing it right now . 
  the graphics are fine , you and everyone else saying they 're bad are just continuing the circle jerk . 
  the gameplay is extremely fun , especially making your settlement . 
  the combat is the same as all the other fallouts , only a lot smoother . 
  quit with the troll posts . 
  if you 're unhappy with the game , you have unrealistic expectations . 
  sorry , but that is ridiculous . 
  you 'd rather die than give up your guns ? 
  is america really so bad that you need to carry around a gun or risk being killed ? 
  i thoroughly enjoy the game . 
  i have put a ton of hours into it already , and ca n't stop playing . 
  i have barely even touched the main story , i have mainly just gone around doing side quests and scavenging for my homesteads . 
  i do n't agree with your argument about the transgender issue , as that is not only unrelated , but also is n't that big of a deal . 
  what i do n't agree with is him saying that americans should kill anyone who tries to take their guns away . 
  that 's just fucking stupid . 
  react however you feel necessary . 
  do n't let others decide how you should think and feel about something . 
  you need to walk around the wasteland a bit , preferably as far south as you can . 
  dead people ca n't complain about a tooth ache . 
  him pointing out that the guy feels uncomfortable around transgender people had nothing to do with the core argument . 
  too fucking bad . 
  if that 's true , and if it 's getting this many people killed each year , then maybe make some better laws revolving around owning guns . 
  this is plain and simple brutality . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  the person i replied to said that american police need to be more careful seeing as most people own a gun in america , so this does have to do with gun ownership . 
  i had to call 000 when i was about 6 because my mum tripped and hit her head pretty hard . 
  she 's fine now , but that shit was pretty scary to 6 year old me . 
  depends on the person . 
  i really enjoyed the pacific . 
  it was n't as good as band of brothers , but it was pretty fucking good . 
  the part that gets me is when the screaming stops , around the 6 minute mark . 
  * that * to me is the most fucked up part . 
  it 's mainly to remind people . 
  sometimes i 'll watch a few good videos on a youtube channel , and then completely forget to subscribe to them , all because , a. i am an idiot . 
  and b. 
  they did n't remind me . 
  when someone tells me i 'm wrong , even though i know i am right . 
  pisses me off to no end . 
  there 's an older bloke in my unit , who served in vietnam . 
  he 's a cool dude . 
  honestly , i do n't care if they 're significantly older than the rest of us , but when it 's a 12 year old , it feels awkward having them screeching in your ear whenever they talk . 
  that must bee very painful . 
  gees , tom cruise really loves his silly putty . 
   expelliarmass !, 
  this is the exact reason why i always 4-5 stack . 
  i absolutely hated it when i used to play solo , and either myself or a teammate were having a bad game , and you 'd have a whiny kid who most of the time was mid fragging just constantly complaining and raging at whoever was at the bottom , or even if you lost on a pistol round , they 'd just rage at you . 
  so much better playing with a proper team .
