  i 've had mine since i was 6 years old . 
  i 'm 18 now , and she 's grown up with me . 
  i 'm dreading the day i have to say bye to her . 
  my eyes become really blurry when i do that , so i need to blink them or i ca n't see . 
  weird . 
  this literally brought tears to my eyes . 
  just seeing those innocent people gasping for air , and staring off into space . 
  i can only hope they were n't actually * conscious * as they were presumably dying . 
  yeah , i assume they were conscious through most of it . 
  and reading up on what the chemicals in these attacks actually do to your body is terrifying . 
  i 'm just glad i 'm in a safe country , which has n't been the target of any major terror plots in recent time . 
  it can , but based on my location ( small , insignificant town with a low population ) i 'm gon na say my chances of my own government gassing me , or terrorists attacking me are 1 in a trillion . 
  thanks man , you too . 
  thankfully nobody actually owns guns here , and we 've had no major shootings since like '96 in my country . 
  does n't mean nobody can get a gun into the country , but i think my chances are pretty good aha, 
  gallipoli was such a pointless invasion . 
  higher command should have realised that it 'd be more effective to just hold the turkish off in the med and africa , rather than invade them . 
  it would have saved so many turkish and allied lives . 
  anyway , i love the photos , and let 's hope we can learn from the mistakes of our ancestors and never let something like this happen ever again . 
  how is scumbag an aussie term ? 
  scummy cunt would be more unique to australia ( i use it all the time ) but even then , i 'm sure people from all over the world use that too . 
  man , i 'm 18 , and if i had to bike 3 miles in the dark on a country road , * without * having seen the blair witch project , i 'd be shitting myself . 
  you seem like a very happy , kind person . 
  i 'd love to be your friend / u/runsoverfags, 
  well , the only difference being that rather than most directors and major actors being paedophiles , all the directors and major actors are paedophiles . 
  practising t-bagging for when they own those noobs, 
  * hello darkness my old friend *, 
  people have probably already replied with what i 'm about to say , but if they have n't , here 's my take on it . 
  the movie and the book may as well have completely different names . 
  they have nothing in common , except for a few events during the movie ( north korea scene , israel walls , the nuking between iran and pakistan ) . 
  the book is full of walking zombies , rather than sprinters , and it centres around a bunch of different stories in the style of interviews , years after , when the zombies are basically extinct . 
  it 's definitely worth a read , as is `` the zombie survival guide '' . 
  the whole brothers in arms series . 
  specifically road to hill 30 and hell 's highway , though that might just be because i 've played those ones the most over the years . 
  admittedly , rth30 has n't aged * too * well , but it 's still got a great storyline . 
  here 's to hoping they come out with another bia game . 
  i guess all i * can * do is hope then . 
  i doubt there 'll ever be another series like bia again , unless they continue the series . 
  it 's from `` million dollars but '' , right ? 
  `` he took ` is own ` ed off ? '', 
  not really all that uplifting ... 
  kinda put a damper on my mood actually . 
  just because someone is an evil person , does n't mean they should suffer . 
  i personally believe it 's punishment enough to take a persons life . 
  also , if it makes you feel any better , the moments leading up to his execution , especially after having the bag placed over his head would have been an extremely terrifying ordeal . 
  also , quit calling people trump voters . 
  it makes the rest of the americans who did n't vote for him look bad . 
  ( p.s , not everyone on reddit is an american ) . 
  my point exactly . 
  technically , assuming the only war crime he committed was unlawfully executing 15 pow 's , if he had been made to suffer , it would have made the allied soldiers considerably more evil . 
  though that is only looking at it from a 2d view . 
  still , making any person suffer for no other reason than `` justice '' , or `` revenge '' is extremely evil , no matter the crime . 
  i feel he was executed in a manner that was probably painless , and looked to be extremely quick . 
  i hope i do n't sound like a nazi sympathiser , because i 'm not . 
  i just dislike the fact that whenever you hear about things like this , the first thing people seem to say is that they hope the person suffered , which is just such a barbaric and uncivilised way of thinking . 
  it does exist , i saw it a couple weeks ago on there . 
  i would find it , but it 's currently 5am , so i 'm off to bed . 
  if nobody else links it before me , i 'll find it when i wake up . 
  man , those death angles sure are scary !, 
  man , i have like 1400 hours in that game , and i still ca n't fight for shit . 
  that 's why you use a trainer, 
   ` my grandfather detested the word ` kraut ' . 
  he said ` they grew from a bunch of feudal farms to a global power in a generation ... and the only thing that quieted their ambition was the most destructive bombing campaigns in history . ', 
  take away that last bit , and it sounds a bit better . 
  it is quite amazing that in just a little over 20 years after losing the largest war in all of history ( at that point ) and being completely screwed over by the treaty of versailles , they were able to rise up and become a superpower . 
  what they did during ww2 was absolutely disgusting and evil , however you ca n't help but admire how amazing it is that they were able to become so powerful again . 
  and after losing 2 world wars in ~ 30 years , they 've been able to become one of the most powerful countries in europe , and quite possibly the world . 
  then the majority of religious heads as little as 200 years ago must have been some real arseholes . 
  because i 'm being downvoted , here 's a small list i 've found of religious ( mostly christian ) killings throughout history . 
  the crusades . 
  killed about a million non combatants . 
  this obviously was n't just christianity . 
  it was in fact in response to islam 's constant attacks on christianity . 
  the inquisition . 
  killed around 400 thousand people . 
  the witch hunts . 
  estimates range wildly , from 100 thousand to 1 million . 
  doing a bit more research on it , it seems it 's probably around the lower estimate , maybe a bit more . 
  the peasants ' war . 
  100-300 thousand peasants were slaughtered by the higher ups . 
  pretty sure there 's a lot of other things that happened in ** just ** western europe . 
  religion has done a lot of good , but it 's also killed a shit load of people , all in the name of fairy tales . 
  there 's been a lot of killings in the name of religion over the centuries , which is sickening . 
  i can understand why some people need religion , but you need to know that religion is n't exempt from criticism , and that my criticism is n't an attack on anybody believing in that religion , but rather the people who use it to exploit others , and get their rocks off by murdering people . 
  edit : religious figures to heads . 
  that dude on the right was inches from death , or at least a bad injury . 
  but ... but what about us aussies ? 
  i honestly think he might have shit himself . 
  not sure arse air can make your pants move like that . 
  just wanted to remind you of the shame you brought upon yourself , 
  i 've always suffered from anxiety and depression , however it was amplified to a new level when i was in year 7 . 
  it 's quite an embarrassing story , and it 's taking a lot for me to share this story , as people i know actually know my reddit account , so here 's to hoping they do n't read this . 
  so , it was the last quarter of the day , and all we had left was p.e / health ( a double period ) . 
  lunch had just ended , and i 'd just grabbed my bag and was walking to the gymnasium . 
  when i was about halfway there , somebody who i did n't quite consider a friend , though i got along with , came up behind me , and started chatting . 
  as he got close , he said `` gavin_freedom , did you shit yourself ? '' . 
  i laughed , thinking he was making a joke , and said `` no , why ? '' . 
  he told me i smelled like i had shit myself . 
  i became extremely anxious from this exchange , as i 'd never been told i smelled before . 
  i 've always washed myself and wiped well , so i did n't think i had any reason to be smelling bad .
