  day 0 : you are alone and afraid . 
  day 1 : you are attacked by a zombie ... you fight it off . 
  day 3 : you see a car rush past on the road . 
  day 18 : you get hit by a car . 
  day 20 : you are injured by a booby trap . 
  day 24 : you see a car rush past on the road . 
  day 25 : you encounter some survivors ... they take your stuff . 
  day 32 : you are attacked by a zombie ... you fight it off . 
  day 35 : you are running low on supplies . 
  day 38 : you are swarmed by zombies ... you fight them off . 
  day 39 : you are attacked by wild dogs . 
  day 45 : you get hit by a car . 
  day 46 : you are running low on supplies . 
  day 48 : you see a zombie you recognize . 
  day 49 : you see a zombie you recognize . 
  day 53 : you are attacked by wild dogs . 
  day 60 : you encounter some survivors ... they run you off . 
  day 69 : you are attacked by a zombie ... you fight it off . 
  day 72 : you are swarmed by zombies ... you are torn apart . 
  you are now dead . 
  australia . 
  i live here , and most of it is a fucking desert . 
   she did a lot of good, 
  no , she really did n't . 
  everything `` good '' that she did , like `` looking after '' the sick , was all a cover . 
  she was never looking after people ; she was allowing them to suffer in disease ridden centers , all the while pocketing millions of dollars in charity money . 
  edit : looks like i pissed off a few mother teresa fans . 
  nice man . 
  spoiled a major plot point for anyone who has n't played the story . 
  i 've played the game ( and finished it ) , i simply know people who do n't have the money to buy the game . 
  i 'd be pretty pissed if someone spoiled a game i really wanted simply because they were too lazy to add a spoiler tag . 
  that 's because you 're stupid . 
  the guy 's just an overall cunt . 
  huh , kind of off topic , but that second photo was taken in my home town . 
  i actually used to know a kid back in primary school who looked like the baby on the right ... 
  not a gun skin , but a knife . 
  i love the huntsman knife night , especially when it 's field tested . 
  i had one , but it was only lent to me from a friend . 
  i just woke up , and barely got any sleep . 
  can someone explain what i am looking at please . 
  edit : thanks for the help guys . 
  seemed pretty obvious , i do n't know how it did n't catch my attention haha, 
  so all they did was inject the monkeys with vaccines ? 
  ahh okay , i see it now . 
  i should probably go to bed again haha, 
  thank you . 
  [ oh really ? 
  * you * saw it ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/carporn/comments/1uwxhv/looks_safe_enough256x256/ ), 
  yeah , maybe that . 
  or it could also be the fact that is has an extemely dangerous climate , as well as an extremely dangerous landscape . 
  not everything is a massive conspiracy theory . 
  just like how you crazies ( i 'll use that lightly , most of you just want to be `` unique '' ) believe the earth is flat , despite all the evidence . 
  it 's not a conspiracy . 
  the earth really is round . 
  you can even see the horizon from a very tall mountain , or an airplane !, 
  yeah , edited like a minute before you replied :p, 
  actually , if you do a little bit of research , you 'll find out that it has been widely accepted among intellectuals that the earth is a sphere for about 2 thousand years . 
  and , i will tell you that you can see that the earth is spherical from a plane , and from a tall mountain . 
  hell , even from a skyscraper looking out over the ocean you can that the earth is a sphere . 
  there is zero actual evidence for a flat earth . 
  any `` evidence '' can be disproved by simple experiments . 
  i understand that you do n't actually think the earth is flat , but dismissing my claims without doing any research yourself never helped anyone . 
  america , land of the free . 
  the greatest country in the world !, 
  make sure you do n't get in the way of a cop though , otherwise they will beat you senseless and shoot you !, 
  holy fucking shit . 
  i just realised that people born in 2006 and 10 now . 
  what the fuck ? 
  no , it was n't because of the crime she 'd committed , it was because she was a danger to everyone around her . 
  she 'd gone crazy . 
  ca n't you just right click , then mute tab ? 
  fish . 
  it smells absolutely terrible . 
  that 's a photo from a sky burial . 
  basically , they lay the dead body out in a field , and wait for vultures to eat it . 
  edit : to the people who downvoted me , a simple reverse image search will say the same thing as what i stated above . 
  i thought the story was excellent , but it was n't what the writing prompt asked for ... good story nevertheless . 
  looks like they had to stitch up his arsehole after he took one that was too big . 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  wow , thanks for the in depth reply . 
  means a lot that someone has gone out of their way to help me ( and all the other struggling players out there ) . 
  i 'm going to take everything you said on board , and hopefully it will help me to become a better player , 
  thanks . 
  i 'll try it when i wake up . 
  it 's currently 5 am where i live :p, 
  thanks for the reply . 
  hopefully this works . 
  literally unplayable !, 
  then put some fucking pants on !, 
  [ btodan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucbnmulzjwytwafs3kwia5iq ) does some pretty good videos with socomd, 
  it 's 2016 op you fucking phony !, 
  are n't they just `` indians '' ? 
  why add `` american '' to the end of it ? 
  you 're not even a moderator of this subreddit , stop being such a kill joy . 
  i 've seen you before , and you always get downvoted when you do this . 
  such a sad life you must have . 
  join an arma unit . 
  if you want a tactical experience , i 'd really suggest joining one . 
  what country are you from ?
