  i really would n't touch that ... 
  actually , the vast majority of serial killers are intellectually inferior compared to the rest of the population . 
  edit : this is actually wrong , it seems that most serial killers are of average intelligence . 
  i was wrong about them not being as smart as the average person , but they * certainly * are n't geniuses . 
  they are usually either average intelligence or slightly above it . 
   considerable mythology also surrounds the intelligence of serial killers . 
  there is a popular culture stereotype that serial killers are cunning , criminal geniuses . 
  this stereotype is heavily promoted by the entertainment media in television , books and films . 
  in particular , hollywood has established a number of brilliant homicidal maniacs like john doe in the acclaimed 1995 film se7en . 
  john doe personifies the stereotype of the evil genius serial killer who outsmarts law enforcement authorities , avoids justice and succeeds in his diabolical plan . 
   the image of the evil genius serial killer is mostly a hollywood invention . 
  real serial killers generally do not possess unique or exceptional intellectual skills . 
  the reality is that most serial killers who have had their iq tested score between borderline and above average intelligence . 
  this is very consistent with the general population . 
  contrary to mythology , it is not high intelligence that makes serial killers successful . 
  instead , it is obsession , meticulous planning and a cold-blooded , often psychopathic personality that enable serial killers to operate over long periods of time without detection . 
  [ i ca n't really be bothered finding any other sources , so if you want to do some more research on the subject , be my guest ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/5-myths-about-serial-killers-and-why-they-persist-excerpt/ ), 
  that 's actually called a `` poisonous ponjara '' , which transmits poison through glands in it 's skin . 
  the reason it is hugging the guys finger so hard is because the longer it stays on , the more poison that gets transmitted . 
  i tried to post this about a day ago , with the exact same link , and it would n't let me ... reddit , why do you do this to me ? 
  both of those have a larger population than all of australia . 
  santa 's not real ? 
  december 8th , 2015, 
  you named your cat `` belly '' ? 
   not to invade russia in june, 
  ftfy, 
  i believe 15 years should be the minimum for pedophiles , but if you look at just how much child porn he possessed , i absolutely believe he should have served much longer than that . 
  20 years minimum . 
  i agree with you , someone fucking their boy/girlfriend who is only a year or 2 younger is bullshit , they should n't get in shit for that . 
  but someone who possesses child porn , which is abuse to children , should go to jail , and should get therapy while they are in jail . 
  are you kidding ? 
  that 'd be amazing !, 
  same thing with them making their children pledge allegiance to the flag . 
  that 's pretty fucking creepy too , at least to someone who is n't from america . 
  i fast traveled and then there he was , naked as a molerat . 
   canadiens, 
  pretty sure they quite literally started fucking at the end there ... 
  it 's not just america , it 's other countries too , such as australia . 
  the reason is because smoking can cause cancer . 
  lung cancer kills a lot of people worldwide . 
  i believe anti smoking ads are a good thing . 
  this can only end well ... ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  try playing at lem + . 
  shit 's stressful , especially if you 're playing randoms and getting flamed at for not clutching a 5v1 . 
  dude , guys fuck my girlfriend all the time , but at the end of the day , she loves me . 
  at about 0:17 you see a hand move next to her ... 
  itt : i wish i was more aware of this shit in highschool :(, 
  you deserved to be ddosed . 
  i listen to the rooster teeth podcast while sleeping . 
  i like listening to them talk . 
  please tell me it 's the gif which is making if look like you 're playing on 5 frames . 
  assuming you 're from america , do you really believe that your country does n't do similar hypocritical things ? 
  this is really sad actually ... 
  it 's not what we know is in there . 
  it 's what we * do n't * know is in there that gets to me . 
  yes , australian fishermen regularly murder countless whales and dolphins every year . 
  japan really should be complaining about us . 
  wow really ? 
  thanks for clearing that up !, 
  jesus fucking christ , you got 11k karma in 3 hours !? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  my dad spends thousands of dollars on oil cans ... 
  6th grade primary school : teacher would n't let me go to the toilet , despite our classroom being right next to the toilets . 
  so i looked her straight in the eye and told her , `` if you do n't let me go to the toilet , i 'll do it right here '' , and made it look like i was about to pull down my pants . 
  she told me to go , and then gave me a detention . 
  that teacher was a cunt . 
  you got ta tell us, 
  turns out the r8 's right click is actually more accurate while running than sitting still . 
  i fucking love this guy . 
  i see him ( or her ) everywhere now . 
  always puts a smile on my face . 
  i had to rub one out after seeing this . 
  australia 's even younger than america , yet we do n't do that shit . 
  making outlandish claims such as `` the earth is flat '' . 
  had someone say that one to me , needless to say i was out of there pretty fast . 
  no , there is not a `` 50/50 '' chance . 
  saying that is like saying that there is a 50/50 chance that a teapot is circling our galaxy . 
  i mean , there is zero evidence that a god exists , there are no `` miracles '' or anything stupid like that . 
  honestly , if you use logic and reasoning , there is more than likely nothing after death . 
  everything we know about the universe is that it does n't care about us . 
  it does n't care if we live or die , it does n't care if we suffer , and it does n't care if you believe in a god or not . 
  so why would there be an after life ? 
  being accused of rape . 
  there 's 11 in the first picture , and only 10 in the second :(, 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  i have 2 dogs ; a german short head pointer , and a ridgeback cross , who fucking love being outside . 
  keeping dogs inside the house is cruel . 
  let them be free . 
  my dogs have the whole backyard to themselves , they have their own shell pool , their own kennels etc. 
  i do n't know why you would think it is cruel to allow a dog to be in its natural habitat . 
  fuck man . 
  i think/hope you just made it into the reddit hall of fame . 
  that was beautiful . 
  people like grapes, 
  that 's why they are getting punched in the stomach for most of the video ... 
  killed for burning a book ... which she did n't even do . 
  so fucking sad . 
  all religion is scummy , but islam definitely takes the cake for being the worst . 
  and people say it 's a religion of peace ... 
  i really did n't get lucky :(,
