  i might be able to get you started . 
  i 've found that if you change the testing to multiplayer instead of single player , you will never freeze . 
  it also allows you to see what is n't working in multiplayer . 
  helped me fix up a bunch of animations , which worked in the single player preview , but not in the multiplayer preview . 
  `` suck my little cock '' . 
  look , i love gus and everyone else at rt , but i have to agree with you , people at rt can be * very * bitchy towards the fans . 
  i understand it 's hard to be famous , but you need to respect your fans , especially the ones who are actually trying to help you . 
  that tweet gus made has actually made me lose a little bit of respect for him . 
  happened near me too . 
  girl killed herself , everyone was posting on facebook about how sad they were , and how they were best friends . 
  of course all the popular kids got 200 + upvotes and tons of sympathetic replies ( the same people who bullied the girl to death ) while the friends of the girl kept off of social media . 
  most of the people posting about her did n't even know the girl ... 
  it 's also on a different website from a few years back http://uberhumor.com/daily-afternoon-chaos-40-pictures-108, 
  yep , been getting this randomly every few days/weeks . 
  really fucking annoying . 
  i was really hoping they 'd have fixed the camera freezing glitch in the eden editor :(, 
   this country, 
  it 's the internet buddy , not america . 
  never realised how much ricks looks have changed . 
  looks like a substitute for a tool you 'd use to scrape clay . 
  i want this as my background, 
  that 's fucking cult like . 
  what the fuck . 
  that my parents are splitting up . 
  i had no idea until yesterday , when my dad dropped the bomb on me . 
  my mum has already found a new place . 
  apparently they 've been planning this for a few weeks now . 
  honestly , the only cringy thing about most of the videos posted here is when they get flooded with downvotes from / r/cringe, 
  i ca n't actually understand him ... 
  looks kind of like burnie burns, 
  i was about 4-5 , and was laying in bed , either reading of playing with my toys when suddenly , the other end of the kind of lifted up and dropped back down . 
  that was fucking terrifying . 
  i still do n't know what happened . 
  the only thing i can think of to * maybe * explain it is that i somehow started to fall asleep . 
  other things have happened in this house , though they 're not really as weird . 
  aside from the time my mum , sister and i , all in different rooms during a cloudless day , experienced the whole house go black for like 10 seconds . 
  not one bit of light . 
  it was like the sun had disappeared . 
  yep , exactly the same as what happened to me . 
  it must be something explainable . 
  i 've mentioned it on my other account , but it got downvoted to oblivion because nobody believed me . 
  it 's fucking weird , dude . 
  apparently he was glitching a fair bit during the op , and was getting injured going though doorways and whatnot . 
  i guess he must have clipped inside an object during one of these spasms , as he just started going flying . 
  i seriously do n't even know how i got it on recording . 
  it was just a lucky coincidence haha, 
   blood and gore , nudity , sexual themes , strong language , use of drugs , violence, 
  as someone from outside the us , why the fuck are people protesting other people 's right to vote for somebody ? 
  sounds like your kids need to learn some respect . 
  what a cool guy, 
  cure me of my anxiety and depression . 
  honestly , sometimes i feel absolutely empty inside . 
  sometimes i think it would be easier to just die than to do incredibly simple tasks , simply because i ca n't be bothered , or my anxiety is holding me back . 
  unfortunately , all of this comes across as laziness to most people . 
  thanks for the encouragement , 
  exactly what happens to me . 
  it 's a terrifying , depressing issue , and people who have n't gone through it have no idea what it 's like . 
  summer at yellowstone national park, 
  fill the cracks in , with judicial granite, 
  unlike your love for me, 
  claiming validity, 
  killed a few feet from the cages, 
  more anything, 
  your tongue twist perverse, 
  and when you kill a man , you 're a murderer, 
  sleepwalking to the gallows, 
  sleepwalking to the gallows, 
  kevin spacey . 
  he plays every villain so well . 
  i 'm not really that big on skins , but if this made it into the game , i would certainly buy it !, 
  mildura , vic here ; we call them 3 corner jacks too . 
  i remember when i was a kid , i was walking around out the back yard , when suddenly i stepped in a bush of them . 
  that was fucking terrible day . 
  cunt, 
  the halo series . 
  i absolutely love listening to it as some background noise . 
  op 's conception . 
  some say the grunts of his mother caused thousands of deaths . 
  probably giving them anesthesia and then injecting them with some fast acting poison . 
  sorry about the apple for scale , i could n't find any banana 's :(, 
  haha , not gon na kill it . 
  i might move it outside though . 
  i was just surprised to wake up and find a massive spider right above my head :p, 
  chimpanzees are scary , period . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a toilet here in australia * without * a 2 button feature . 
  even public toilets have them . 
  procrastinating . 
  i * always * procrastinate , no matter what it is . 
  whether it be school work , going into town , or even doing simple things on the computer for various groups . 
  i wish i could break it , but social anxiety , coupled with depression and just being naturally lazy , i do n't see myself breaking my habits any time soon . 
  she probably thinks you pussied out of raping her . 
  honestly , guns * do * need a nerf . 
  i think they should still be in the game , however , they either need to be less common , or do a bit less damage ( i 'm more talking about the rifle here ) . 
  the only times my friend and i have lost a game at the end ( we make it as one of the last teams alive about 80 % of the time ) is when we go up against a gun . 
  i honestly do n't have a problem with people running certain perk builds . 
  i personally use a tank build ( `` tough '' airdrop , `` hearty constitution '' , `` leather hide '' and `` stealthy '' ) . 
  if i wanted to be fast , i 'd use a different loadout . 
  this loadout works for my play style , and honestly , i have no problem winning fights with it . 
  if people are complaining about somebody else 's perk style , then obviously they are n't the best at melee . 
  you must be pro !,
