  the universe is n't , * technically * infinite though . 
  it is expanding at a tremendous rate , sure , but it is n't infinite . 
  goodfellas . 
  `` as far back as i can remember , i always wanted to be a gangster '' . 
  holy shit , good analogy . 
  i 've never actually heard that one before !, 
  i hate it how people think that just because there is no serious tag , it makes it okay to make jokes and puns . 
  like fucking seriously ? 
  honestly , this is the kind of stuff that makes me so interested in the universe . 
  like , just the sheer size of our universe , and the sheer size of stuff * in * the universe absolutely astonishes me . 
  shit like this makes me embarrassed to call myself an australian , like ... what the actual fuck ? 
  to work at rooster teeth/a very similar entertainment company . 
  not to turn this into a male versus female sexism argument , but what if it had been a female who was taking the photo ? 
  would the mother have reacted that way ? 
  as someone who has this disorder , it 'd be great to have more research put into it . 
  well , i called 000 after my mum tripped and broke her foot . 
  that was nasty . 
  itt : things americans eat, 
  yeah , but you 're forgetting that if they ride in that direction towards the sunset , they will never run out of daylight , as they will be chasing the sun . 
  this is a phenomenon called `` the around the world equation '' . 
  basically the sun will never disappear while you are heading/looking in its direction , which is why we are always told not to look at the sun . 
  nope , that 's just what they * want * you to think !, 
  that does n't sound like her ... : /, 
  looks like a butt, 
  yeah , he deserved to be badly injured and maybe even killed for doing his job . 
  he deserved it , you 're absolutely right . 
  `` is it normal for one testicle to be bigger than the other 3 ? '', 
  hahahaha, 
  i guess my thumb got stabbed or something and i bled out ... ? 
  hmmm, 
  happy ending in my arse ... 
  the amount of hours i spent on that website as a kid . 
  holy shit . 
  reek disagrees . 
  he likes being broken . 
  do n't you reek ? 
  `` yes master '' o_o, 
  it was . 
  probably back in like 2007-2009 , which is when i was just coming out of being a child . 
  yeah , i guess it 's just because i have n't been on there in like 5-6 years . 
  i do n't know why people hate them . 
  the waw and black ops series was the best campaign ever , and people disliked it . 
  like what the fuck ? 
  fuck that mama scene . 
  movie scared the fuck out of me . 
  dat repost though . 
  not even a week after it was last posted . 
  holy shit . 
  maybe even break a rib and have it heal awkwardly . 
  csgl does n't take a cut . 
  and thanks anon donator !, 
  i read this in the same rhythm as `` sweeney todd '' . 
  not to mention the ads were always the same ones : `` this is neesha ... '', 
  i think that 's called mutilation ... 
  wow , i 'm really creeped out now . 
  this post should be on the front page / s, 
  i do n't see what 's so creepy about those pictures , is it the purple railing on the side of the image ? 
  fuck i hate people who claim images as their own . 
  take a gander at op 's post history . 
  seems like a right out cunt . 
  it just sounds more right : s, 
  so , is he 18 or 21 ? 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  people like grapes \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  i am pretty sure that most of , if not all of these events are caused by seizures ( the flopping around on the ground and vomiting ) and crazy people . 
  and those boys were then brutally run over and killed a few minutes later . 
   does anyone else actually miss world war 2 themed fps ? 
  do you see why what you said does n't belong on this thread ? 
  wow ... op ... just like ... what the fuck you bundle of sticks ? 
  i think they are getting hilarious . 
  i want to know , does rocks float on lava ? 
  i was just typing , and in the middle of the sentence i forgot how to read and write, 
  we 're not all racists cunts . 
  if you ever do come across a racist though , they are probably from queensland . 
  also , tasmania might be beautiful , but most of them are inbred . 
  unfortunately you can see the fishing line :(, 
  i thought he was going up a different hole :o, 
  was n't this posted a few days ago ? 
  made it to the front page and everything . 
  please people , wait a few weeks before reposting . 
  he 's never going to live this down haha . 
  only problem is , people are arseholes . 
  `` okay google , watch this , '' he said as he proceeded to drive in the complete opposite direction . 
  `` google , we 're here ! '',
