  if you 're in the amazon and a giant anaconda starts swallowing your legs , let it get to your knees and then cut it at the mouth . 
  til i 'm a woman, 
  maybe that 's what my dad did 17 years ago . 
  it 's a slouch hat . 
  they 've been around for centuries . 
  pretty sure they were invented by the british so they could be worn while using a musket . 
  try rising storm 2 . 
  i feel it treats them quite realisticly . 
  i used the double for like 80 % of the alpha 's and beta 's . 
  love the shotguns in the game ; they feel so meaty . 
  what the fuck . 
  i have n't played cod since ghosts . 
  it 's like a completely different game now , visual wise . 
  i mean more so that the graphics , hud , and what looked like some gameplay has changed drastically , rather than just a reskin of the previous game . 
  nope . 
  read this one years ago . 
  it 's still hilarious though . 
  i had the opposite happen to me . 
  a building literally spawned in the middle of the road . 
  i got stuck inside it , while my team mates could n't even see it . 
  i tried posting it to the subreddit , but i got called an idiot and a liar http://i.imgur.com/8kqsiex.jpg, 
  buildings also seem to spawn in randomly where they should n't , [ such as what happened to me the other day ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8kqsiex.jpg ), 
  iirc , that guy was using the money made from those hunts to fund conservation of elephants . 
  he was actually one of the few `` good '' hunters in africa . 
  right , but rich tourists who want to hunt animals wo n't just donate 50 grand to a site because they feel bad for the elephants . 
  you also need to remember that male elephants are very territorial , and after a certain age male elephants are unable to father calfs , and will actually begin killing younger elephants . 
  basically , the site is able to make money which will help to aid the elephants , while also getting rid of problem elephants , which would likely need to be destroyed anyway . 
  in my opinion , as long as the hunt is licenced and regulated , it 's actually very beneficial to the populace in the long term . 
  elephants are very territorial . 
  i 'm not an expert on this topic , so take this with a grain of salt , but ~ ~ i 'm fairly certain they kill the calves to keep the genes of other elephants from being spread throughout the herd . ~ ~ this may be wrong , so you 'll need to do some googling . 
  it 's currently 4am where i am , so i 'm a bit too tired to bother . 
  read the reply by / u/thisshortenough for the reason they kill younger elephants . 
  ahhh , that makes a lot sense . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i mean , the office came out before arrested development though . 
  randers you dicky docky dido !, 
  welp , that 's a new fetish i never knew i had . 
  refresh ui or restart game . 
  i love how this joke flew over everybodies heads, 
  edit : to the idiots downvoting me , there 's a gag on the ricky gervais show where a listener emails in accusing karl of being a made up character . 
  so did i, 
  hopefully mount and blade bannerlord . 
  i just hope it does n't take another year, 
  found the american who gets to use all of the games features without a terrible ping . 
  will the sdk be getting more objects to place , perhaps easier ways to add rain , etc ? 
  i remember reading somewhere that sometimes when a person loses a limb ( or is cut in half , as in this case ) the weight of the machinery/vehicle can basically cause the arteries to seal up , which slows the blood loss . 
  join us on the [ rs2 modding discord and we might be able to help you out ] ( https://discord.gg/7e2wwpc ), 
  a baby laughing, 
  i like scottish yaks, 
  it can still break bones , and bad enough bruises can incapacitate somebody . 
  eh , you 'd be surprised . 
  i guarantee a mace could crack bone , even though it 's under armor . 
  they 're definitely more effective than what a sword would be . 
  i 'm glad they played it in slow motion , or i would have missed it . 
  i just found out from his doctor that he had passed away . 
  i hope we all take great envy in the accomplishments he made in his life . 
  do you need to pay money just to visit your doctor ? 
  do you need to pay money to go to the hospital ? 
  why do people call is shitty ? 
  hey guys , i know i 'm a low rank , but i am just so sick of getting matched up with either trolls or people who run around in circle while afk ( i am guessing they are trying to de-rank themselves . 
  steam : http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128886564/, 
  any time in history . 
  it could have been 5 years ago , 50 years ago , or 5000 years ago . 
  so tell me , what is the most heroic act of any war ? 
  throwaways are welcome !, 
  hey guys , i 've been using astro a50 's for about 3 years now . 
  my problem is that every day , when i turn on my headset , i ca n't turn it off . 
  i ca n't change the volume , and sometimes , i ca n't even speak . 
  i need to wait for the battery to die until it will work again . 
  i had this problem with my older pair as well , which i got replaced about a year and a half ago . 
  any idea why it does this , and maybe a possible fix ? 
  the only thing astro does is tell me to send them back the headset and they will send me a new one , but honestly , i do n't want to have to wait a month or 2 for a headset . 
  i 'd rather buy a new pair . 
  anyone got a fix ? 
  hi , i 've had the game for about a week and a half , and almost every game , there is at least 1 player who lags everywhere , making him impossible to hit . 
  any idea why this happens ? 
  if it has to do with ping , maybe the devs can make it so anyone whose ping is over 300 for more than 3 minutes will be kicked from the server or something . 
  in my opinion the laggy players really ruin the game . 
  i am piggy backing off of [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3bhqeu/nsfw_what_is_the_biggest_live_trainwreck_to_ever/ ) thread, 
  i am a fairly good player , however i can be inconsistent at times , which is why i would like to play with a team , to get better . 
  first off , i know a lot of people are going to say to get good , but i am still going to ask this question :, 
  why is it that most games when i am using , say , an ak , my shots seem to either go through people , or they will paint the wall red behind someone , but not register at all ? 
  for some context , i have played games against lem 's where i have absolutely torn apart the enemy , one tapping them into oblivion , to the point they report me for hacking , yet the next game , despite me aiming at the same spots on the enemy , all my bullets seem to go right through their heads ? 
  i could even go within 5 metres of an enemy and spray a whole mag into the enemy , only to have them turn around and one tap me , and it say `` 27 in 1 '' . 
  this never used to happen , up until about 2 months ago . 
  i also play with the thing at the bottom that displays tick , packet loss , ping etc. . . and that is usually around 40-70 , with 0 % loss . 
  anyone got a fix for this bs ? 
  i feel like if this could get fixed , i 'd be a better player . 
  anyway , sorry for the rage post , i am just sick of this , it really makes me lose a lot of enjoyment in the game . 
  hey , i was wondering if there is a way to make a trigger which would disable a helicopter mid flight , possibly even make it look damaged . 
  this is for a multiplayer operation for my group . 
  the guy was laying in bed , i ca n't remember if he was holding the balloon already , or if he grabbed it during the video , but he basically had the balloon and then he started floating into the air . 
  i am pretty sure there were teddy bears as well that were changing their facial expressions . 
  sorry for the long explanation , i just really had the urge to listen to the song . 
  so , i 'm le , and over the past 2-3 weeks , my friends and i have noticed a lot of suspicious players , for example , i was watching a replay of a game i just played , and there was a guy just tracing us through walls . 
  next , game , same thing . 
  a few games later , same thing . 
  not sure if we 're just becoming shit , or if a new hack has come out . 
  in before `` lol ur bad kid '' . 
  it 's not just black people either , you also call people who have asian ancestors `` asian american '' .
