  the kangaroos are very oppressive . 
  i love you guys !, 
  also , i do n't watch rugby : / i 'm more of an afl kind of guy . 
  they will try to attack the rider generally . 
  when this happens ( which is rare , seeing as we usually put vegemite behind our ears ) you just need to pull out your bowie knife and aim for the lower left side . 
  that is where their vital organs are located . 
  i never realised aussies were the only ones who gave their shoes a big hard hit on the sole before putting them on . 
  it really just becomes your first instinct . 
  do n't go into long grass , do n't lift up pieces of bark , or logs . 
  i have only ever had one snake inside my house , and only ever seen a few outside . 
  we can drink when we 're 18 , take that , mate ( assuming you 're american :p ), 
  we have 18 + games now , and have for like 2 years . 
  you need to spread some butter on a piece of toast , and then add a very thin layer of vegemite . 
  it will be one of the best breakfast food you have ever tasted . 
  yeah , haha :p, 
  that 's a bit mean ... 
  i think you might be generalising a little bit , and honestly i find that quite rude . 
  haha , a small fresh water croc wont hurt anybody, 
  i think they might be pulling your chain . 
  yeah , that 's where i got the idea from . 
  i think i even added that in the description . 
  i thought it would be nice to have something different other than the usual american thread which gets posted at least once a week . 
  you 're fine with something other than your own country , right ? 
  short story . 
  a few years ago , i was driving down the bush with my dad , when out of nowhere an emu came bolting at the car . 
  my dad had his window down , and the emu tried to stick its head through the window to peck him . 
  dad punched the emu to get its head out , and it ended up kicking the side of the car , which left a very large dent . 
  our mates are cunts and our cunts are mates ... no wait ... 
  i do n't watch tv anymore . 
  i get all my entertainment off the internet , haha, 
  i have never been out of australia , though i 'd like to . 
  i love kiwi 's , they make the best banter . 
  no idea about those microwavable choc chip cookies . 
  we get a lot of asian tourists over here . 
  go and ask tony . 
  snakes, 
  crocodiles, 
  sharks, 
  jellyfish, 
  spiders, 
  dropbears ( probably the most dangerous on the list ), 
  bogans, 
  mick taylor, 
  it means they 're going to do it . 
  `` can you go buy me some stubbies shane ? '', 
  `` no worries mick ! '', 
  nah , they 're actually pretty rare . 
  as long as you keep your house clean , you 'll rarely see them . 
  depends on where you live , and what your job is . 
  we like to think of everyone as our equals . 
  as long as you are n't a smart arse , you 'll fit right in . 
  my cat is sitting on my lap right now . 
  i do n't know if she could end me . 
  she might want to though . 
  it 's a nice place , it 's just very far away from everywhere else . 
  a lot of the communities , especially in games such as reign of kings , the community can be very toxic , however the majority of players are good . 
  not bad :p, 
  kiwi 's are like a little brother : sure you fight sometimes , but in the end , we still love eachother . 
  yes , and yes . 
  i 've never heard of this , but it would n't surprise me if some dick heads felt that way . 
  you mean , `` why is vegemite the shit '' ? 
  a hillbilly . 
  oh , they are certainly real . 
  a good way to avoid them is to spread vegemite behind your ears . 
  honestly , no . 
  yeah , but you 're thinking about the arseholes who go out in public and do that shit . 
  i will joke about it with my mates ( who all come from different backrounds ) , but that 's as far as it goes . 
  something about people liking grapes i think ... 
  never heard of it , though i do n't watch much tv , so that might be why . 
  sounds like those husbands are a bunch of wankers . 
  why not ? 
  i love the southern american accent , it just such a strong accent . 
  makes me feel manly putting one on . 
  also , i love the kiwi 's . 
  i think the `` hate '' you might hear is the rivalry we have in rugby :p, 
  it tastes good . 
  just got to eat a tiny amount with some toast, 
  only aboriginals . 
  it is a joke , haha, 
  i like australian gun laws . 
  i think it it stupid for someone to be able to own an automatic rifle . 
  as for the violence towards indians , i ca n't really comment on it . 
  i have nothing against indians , or any other race for that matter , so as to why someone would hate one of the hardest working races of australia is just baffling to me . 
  so you have been turned into one of us now ? 
  i have n't seen this video in a while , but i believe that richard dawkins does a great job at explaining evolution . 
  if you enjoy that video , be sure to search him on youtube for some very good debates . 
  maybe i 'm just retarded , but i do n't hear starbucks . 
  so much ... lost karma ... 
  you just need to eat vegemite on toast , mate, 
  if i was one of those rugby players , i would have ended up accidentally tripping the little kid as i went for a dive . 
  well it would n't be much fun if the cops just suddenly stopped coming in , would it ? 
  sure , saved `` you '' . 
  this gif * totally * is n't over a year old . 
  i just wish there would have someone running from it , indiana jones style . 
  and then he shook hands with vp ... 
  nah man , i have my strafe timing down pretty well :(, 
  that could actually be the reason for some of my misses , but that does n't explain the other shots where blood will come out of the enemy multiple times , yet i get no hit : /, 
  ( i do think you 're correct about some of my shots though ), 
  video games . 
  even when i am bored of them , i will keep playing them , trying to find that natural high you get from completing something hard .
