  i ca n't remember where i read this , but i 'm pretty sure that video was proven fake . 
  still funny though . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the police are legally obligated to keep on digging further . 
  this is n't even in / r/aww ... 
  i have come across hackers a few times , and it 's not very fun . 
  and this comment that you have just replied to me with just goes to show how immature and egocentric people like you are . 
  imagine if he fell backwards while sucking it d :, 
  aspy here . 
  i find it really difficult to connect and communicate with people , and i also have extreme anxiety , which really hinders my social life . 
  whenever i try to explain something , i can never quite explain it in a way that people understand it . 
  it sounds good in my head , and it even sounds good when i say it out loud , but for whatever reason , people do n't understand it . 
  another thing ; i find it hard to show my emotions . 
  i feel emotions extremely strongly , however i ca n't show them . 
  it 's not that i do n't want to , it 's just that i do n't know how to . 
  also , i feel extreme sympathy for people and animals . 
  i do n't know what it is , but it really bums me out . 
  i see people step on bugs and kill spiders , yet i just ca n't do it . 
  i usually take them outside so that live in the garden or some shit . 
  one last thing : i am good at reading emotion . 
  i know this goes against what people on the spectrum experience , but for whatever reason , i can tell by looking at someones face how they are feeling . 
  ( i know this is normal , but for someone with asperges , this is pretty weird ) . 
  / r/roosterteeth is leaking . 
  i saw this on tv years ago . 
  the guy actually survived with a broken arm , i believe . 
  that we only use 10 % of our brains . 
  i had a teacher tell me this , and when i corrected her , she threw me out of class :(, 
  another version : my wife told me i 'm immature and needed to grow up . 
  how would she know ? 
  she 's only 12 . 
  getting away with murder . 
  well shit . 
  turns out someone beat me to it : /, 
  on the night that shangri-la came out for black ops , i reached round 40 something with 3 other people . 
  my sister ran into the lounge room and kicked the power cord , which unplugged my xbox . 
  i flipped shit . 
  op , go and wank off to porn you dirty bastard !, 
   he just fucking yelled out, 
  but doing a no kill play through is fun . 
  the challenge of having to sneak around and staying hidden is a good challenge , plus going on a no kill run through directly affects the story . 
  `` my name 's garry ! '', 
  masturbating . 
  he said other than urination !, 
  unless you waited 2 weeks after uploading this picture , then that 's a repost . 
  i actually logged out of steam completely a couple of minutes ago and tried launching the game . 
  it automatically logged me back into steam and brought up the steam store : /, 
  as for where i downloaded , i just went onto bitcq and downloaded [ this one ] ( http://extratorrent.cc/torrent/3259015/ ), 
  the devs have said they wont be adding the anzac 's :(, 
  it does the same thing :( i 've tried moving the exe around , that does n't change anything either . 
  this fixed it . 
  thanks for the fix mate :p i will need to learn to follow instructions more closely , 
  considering downvotes do nothing on youtube , that 's not hard to achieve . 
  yeah , you 're probably the only person who thought that . 
  i used to go around stepping on ants , pretending i was a giant . 
  i 'd also cut them in half with pliers and watch them crawl around on their front half : /, 
  i was pretty fucked up too . 
  which one is the fake one ? 
  to be fair , all babies look like that . 
  holy fuck !, 
  `` jw is smiling at me '' . 
  `` i just got a boner '' . 
  that ** most ** religions were made up to control the poor/less powerful . 
  we can see the universe is expanding , which means that it ca n't be infinite . 
  it may be * extremely * massive , but not infinite , unless the universe is actually expanding * into * something , in which case , who the fuck knows ? 
  i am just imagining myself putting my arm straight up that saw d :, 
  [ trifle ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcsv9qqn2gaopnp7rl5uny1caqlmee7lx_0mlwlgndvssrchrpcm ), 
  shit man , you just described australian culture , minus the soccer ( we play afl and/or rugby . ), 
  i was in science class , and this really hot girl was my partner . 
  she came up to me and started doing a masturbatory movement with a vial , while looking me in the eye . 
  i laughed and walked away d :, 
  i did n't think anything of it since she was usually kinda mean to me , and she was apart of the popular group : /, 
  i do n't know why , but reading this in morgan freeman 's voice is giving me a laugh . 
  she looks pretty good for a 93 year old . 
  i think you might want to check your joke meter ... 
  i do n't know man , black ops 1 had a pretty decent campaign . 
  the mission in max payne 3 where you shoot up the bar . 
  there is just something so satisfying about shooting tony after he hits the woman . 
  op you dirty , dirty bastard ... 
  thought it was just me . 
  i usually hit flick shots , yet now i ca n't even hit someone who is running up long to a on dust 2 . 
  or maybe he solo queues all the time ? 
  lots of different reasons as to why he is stuck . 
  no need to be insulting . 
  awwww, 
  i could n't watch the video . 
  i had to listen to it , and even then i almost threw my headset across the room . 
  in australia an adult working at maccas will make , at minimum , $ 18 an hour . 
  [ vitas : the star ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9a1-fxd-hi ), 
  i wish he had never been voted in . 
  losing my virginity . 
  if you 're reading this , you 're not alone in this universe . 
  i got the game about 3-4 months ago , and did the same as you , even got silver 3 . 
  made it to mge now though , so that 's something . 
  this right here is the only reason why i do n't use adblock . 
  `` oh my gawd ! '', 
  it 's for this reason that i always entry onto sites . 
  it seems as though if i do n't go in first , the rest of my team will just sit back jerking each other off . 
  shit , even if i do go in first , they will still sometimes jerk eachother off . 
  and i thought i was suddenly just bad ... 
  yesterday i shot a guy in the back about 5-6 times ( with an m4a1 ) , i was seeing blood everywhere , and he turned around and killed me ... 
  i got 0 hits : / pretty much the same with the awp .
