  i know why they did it , but the service is almost worthless for australians without vpn 's . 
  that 's not a javelin ... 
  your socks are stupid !, 
  that 's the point of the movie . 
  i 've suffered from depression and anxiety for the past 5 years . 
  i do n't go to school and i do n't work . 
  all i do all day is sit around playing computer games . 
  i ca n't find any motivation to get a job , or get a qualification . 
  i tried to go to tafe a few months ago , but i just could n't be bothered to do any work . 
  what people do n't understand is that i do want to do the above things , i just do n't have any motivation for it . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm doomed to be a lazy bum for the rest of my life , or if i will finally grow up soon . 
  thanks , it means a lot to hear that , 
  i have tried seeing a therapist , however unfortunately i had to pull out due to the tremendous anxiety i felt going there ( ironic , is n't it ) . 
  cheers mate . 
  you sound like a good bloke , 
  you may have just inspired me to see my therapist again, 
  from my experience , sometimes the rent will be that way for like 2-3 weeks and then it will go back to normal . 
  i arrived at a friends house , and his mother said `` hey gavin_freedom ! '' . 
  i then said `` i 'm good , how about you '' . 
  she looked at me funny and then let me inside . 
  for whatever reason , that is one of the only things i still cringe at . 
  i love the look of pure adrenaline in his eyes after he jumps . 
  exactly, 
  did ... did she throw her dildo at what i am assuming was her dad ? 
  just started playing league a few weeks ago . 
  it is by far one of the most toxic gaming communities i have come across , yet i still go back to it every single day . 
  redemption is n't a sequel to revolver though . 
  he actually looks more like red harlow, 
  i am just surprised at how fast he went . 
  just kept getting faster and faster !, 
  but i 'm australian ? 
  can confirm ; am australian, 
  i thought it was bipolar disorder, 
  fuck man , i read this before watching the video , and this was all i could think of when she asked if he was sure they 're dead . 
  i feel bad for laughing, 
  the human eye ca n't see more than 30fps , so this gif is irrelevant, 
  oh come on , this is obviously a joke . 
  quit posting this shit to this sub . 
  i swear half the posts here are just jokes that have gone over the op 's head . 
  hey , i live there !, 
  so weird seeing my home town on reddit !, 
  ( i should probably also go to bed , as it 's 4:30 am ) . 
  i think you mean , `` gif '' . 
  your belly button looks like a vagina, 
  let them rot, 
  thanks for the tip  i 've been playing around with a few different champs and roles , such as soraka , blitz and ashe , as well as a lot more . 
  i 've even tried jungling , though i 'm pretty shit and ca n't gank properly , which usually ends in my team ranging at me , which makes me feel pretty bad . 
  thanks for the tips . 
  i can usually take out any champions mid-late game , or at the very least stop them from killing me . 
  i will try the doran ring tip next time i play , 
  ohh , look at mr. big penis over here !, 
  able to balance his his keys on his penis !, 
  it looks like rafi fine, 
  fuuuuck that, 
  every time i see this gif , it creeps me out . 
  like , how long was the pigeon alive in there ? 
  was it in pain while it was essentially either digesting or suffocating ? 
  all i can hear while watching this is ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ hahahahaha, 
  i know right !, 
  the image quality is so bad !, 
  hey, 
  the year before y2k, 
  dildo in the butt, 
  go for it bro !, 
  pc here . 
  just got dropped from the oceania servers . 
  i. . . i 'm pretty sure that makes you at least bi , dude ... 
  and he is wearing an `` all star '' shirt . 
  very creepy indeed ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  looks like sasha gray, 
  i loved it . 
  i actually read the book before i played the game , so maybe that is why the storyline was n't weird to me ( as some people seem think it was weird and/or confusing ) . 
  has this not always been a thing ? 
  he 's also the `` ice man '' . 
  yeah , seen it three times now . 
  gave me an interest in serial killers again :p, 
  come on , this is obviously a joke . 
  i swear things just whoosh over people 's heads on reddit . 
  it 's not a very funny joke , but it is quite obviously a joke . 
  being chatty . 
  i got drunk ( like really drunk ) for the first time on saturday at a wedding , and i could n't stop starting up conversations with people . 
  fucking loved it . 
  there is no way however , that i would do that shit sober . 
  sober me hates talking to people . 
  i absolutely resent it . 
  i wish could always feel the way i do when i 'm drunk . 
  yeah , i played against ai in a multiplayer game , which worked fine . 
  after that campaign and skirmishes started working : / . 
  real weird , but hey , it worked !, 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  yeah , got it working . 
  it definitely was n't the graphics , as i am currently playing with everything maxed . 
  weird bug , but it worked after i went into a multiplayer game : /, 
  aha i was wondering why there were no trees from up high . 
  cheers man, 
  fuck oath , put him on there !, 
  man 's a legend . 
  my character does n't , but i do . 
  is n't dany like 12 in those books ? 
  i swear i 've seen this posted before ...
