  man , i really hate being a dick , but that 's some of the cringiest shit i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  people are probably being hostile because you literally link to an imgur picture of your signature . 
  we can see your name when you post , you do n't need to sign it . 
  it 's not like you 're some celebrity who people might recognise based on your name , you 're just a random dude signing his name . 
  to be honest man , it makes you look like a dunce . 
  if you 're happy doing it , knowing full well it makes you look extremely stupid and `` socially '' unaware , then keep doing you . 
  i still do n't understand why someone would torture a snake like that . 
  the poor thing just wants to digest its meal . 
  now it 's probably going to lose its meal , and may even die because of this . 
  also , iirc its tail was injured by the propeller . 
  ~ ~ love how you 've been downvoted despite this being 100 % true . ~ ~, 
  edit : after some further research , it seems like this was being used for film , however it was for a russian ( ? ), 
  tv series called morskie dyavoly . 
  probably going to be downvoted into oblivion for admitting i was wrong on reddit , but oh well . 
  edit 2 : not sure how telling the guy he was correct ( and being wrong ) is being a dick . 
  yeah , same, 
  see , you type like a troll , but your comment history tells me you do this all day every day , meaning it 's likely who you actually are ; i 'm honestly not which is weirder . 
  also , why would you want to be an incel ? 
  are n't incel 's pieces of shit who blame women for not sleeping with them , and condone rape ? 
  yeah , right . 
  seems more like rather than taking responsiblity for your own actions , you instead blame society . 
  i was a social outcast as a kid . 
  i still am due to anxiety problems , but i do n't blame society . 
  i blame myself for it . 
  if i 'd pushed harder and tried to do shit with other people as a kid , i 'd be more social . 
  it 's nobody 's fault but my own . 
  also , i can see why nobody you interact with likes you . 
  every comment i 've read of yours reads like something a crazy person would say . 
  that whole paragraph honestly seems like something a school shooter would write before going on a rampage . 
  get some help man . 
  seems like you need to learn how to grow up , and actually become a member of society . 
  i literally just told you i 've been a socail outcast all my life . 
  i 've recently reached out to therapists and am finally starting to get my life back on track . 
  and quit calling me a fucking normie . 
  you 're acting like a spastic . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're a * very * dedicated troll or are legitimately mental . 
  sure thing man . 
  believe what you want to believe . 
  i 'm just saying , your outlook on life is bad . 
  instead of isolating yourself in a toxic hate sub ( which there 's no denying . 
  i was just looking there , and there 's a shit load of mysoginy in there ) go and get some help . 
  seriously , it 's obvious you 're depressed [ this coming from somebody who has suffered with it for as long as i can remember ] . 
  honestly man , i do n't look down on your for being mentally ill , but i do look down on you for being such a hateful person . 
  if you need somebody to help you out , and maybe even motivate you to get some help , pm me . 
  i can tell that you and a lot of the people on r/incel are in need of help . 
  it 's not healthy to act the way you 're acting . 
  so you 've had multiple people saying they 'll speak to you if you need . 
  seems like a pattern 's forming . 
  anyway , if you do n't want help , fine . 
  go through your life never getting laid and having limited social interaction . 
  stay in the toxic bubble you 're in . 
  i do n't really care . 
  it 's very obvious there 's something wrong in your head . 
  get help , or do n't . 
  at the end of the day , it does n't effect me . 
  i just do n't want you hurting somebody . 
  knowing i could have potentially stopped something from happening but did n't , would ruin me . 
  how old are you by the way ? 
  i 'm going to assume by the way you type you 're 12-15 , in which case i can only hope this is just a phase . 
  the offer still stands by the way . 
  interpret it as karma whoring or what have you , i do n't care . 
  if you do pm me honestly wanting help , i 'll help however i can . 
  anyway , i 'm not going to be replying in this thread anymore . 
  good luck . 
  archer and iasip . 
  usually go to sleep to them . 
  yeah , our governement is full of wankers that think coal is the way to go . 
  depresses me a lot . 
  aaaaand i just witnessed reddit history . 
  the ground turned red . 
  thought it was obvious enough without needing to say it :p, 
  under tools on steam . 
  if you hover over your library , you 'll see tools . 
  click that and then find the rs2 sdk . 
  dude , she had the most beautiful pattern i 've ever seen !, 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  no worries man . 
  have fun mapping, 
  did you read the article ? 
  she absolutely did n't have a kid in the car . 
  the first car he stole had a child in it ( not shown in the video ) . 
  yeah , there 's a ton of mythological references in the movie ; the movie 's name and the planet 's name come to mind straight away . 
  edit : biblical to mythological . 
  did n't proof read what i said . 
  ah fuck , i wrote that too fast . 
  should have said there 's a ton of mythological references in the movie . 
  edit : i understand the downvotes on the original comment before i corrected myself , but i 'm not sure why this comment is being downvoted . 
  i just wanted to add to the conversation :(, 
  i mean , at least you can/could say you 've never been stung by a bee . 
  yeah , do n't worry about it man . 
  it 's a glitch with steam . 
  you 'll still receive the game once it 's released . 
  i bought it about 2-3 weeks ago and it 's all preloaded and ready to go . 
  see , this is the kind of context that completely changes the story . 
  after reading the headline , all i could think was `` karma 's a bitch '' . 
  reading this however gives me immense sympathy for the guy ; especially considering that people are going to be glad he 's dead , thinking he was doing illegal poaching . 
  that is a great askreddit question . 
  highly doubt it was an equipment malfuntion ; you 're probably right that a lot of people were trampled though . 
  i mean , of course people will be panicked after a large explosion . 
  not quite sure what your point is .
