  so do n't go judging me because i am unable to get her to the vet straight away . 
  i 've been in tears all day , my anxiety is through the roof , which is in turn causing me to be unable to sleep . 
  it sickens me that you 're able to write your own narrative about me without the full details , and then have the gall to post it . 
  it 's even more disappointing that people actually agree with you . 
  also , i do n't know many people around me . 
  i 'm quite introverted . 
  pretty much all my good friends , bar like 2 , are on the internet . 
  call it sad or what have you , i do n't really care . 
  i * can * kind of see where they were coming from , however , i 've given context on why i ca n't immediately get her help . 
  being criticised , and being called a bad pet owner ( which was basically the underlying tone of the comment ) had me seeing red . 
  i 've been hysterical since i found the lump about 10 hours ago . 
  as i mentioned in the other comment , i honestly do regret posting here . 
  i was simply trying to get some helpful comments to calm my nerves a bit , even a simple `` it 'll be okay '' would have sufficed , but instead i 've been harshly judged and attacked . 
  not attacked in the usual sense , more of a being kicked while i 'm down kind of way . 
  edit : reading that back , it sounds like i posted looking for sympathy , which is n't the case . 
  i was simply looking for what it could * potentially * be . 
  whether that be something life threatening such as a tumour , or something as simple as a sore tooth . 
  i would definitely not be using anything posted here as a diagnosis . 
  yeah , i understand why somebody who has dedicated their career to helping animals would get angry with me for not being able to immediately get my pet looked at , and instead using an online forum to get it diagnosed but ; i was never looking for a diagnosis . 
  i just wanted to know what the problem could potentially be . 
  i 've booked an appointment for the earliest time on monday morning , so hopefully i can get her treated . 
  here 's to hoping it 's just a tooth infection or something . 
  or more likely having your foot rot off, 
  sorry , are you trying to say that the moon landing was fake ? 
  ~ ~ well , pansexual is just the attraction to human beings in general . 
  it is a legitimate sexual orientation . 
  it has nothing to do with your gender . ~ ~ after re-reading this now that i 've actually slept , all of this falls under being bisexual . 
  calling yourself pansexual seems to me to just be someone looking for attention , and being different . 
  demikin , which i assume is the belief that you 're another species is more than likely someone with a mental illness , and they should seek treatment for it . 
  as for listing your gender on a medical document , i 'm pretty sure they 're asking for your biological gender , not what you associate yourself as . 
  yeah , i do n't agree with him calling people dicks for shouting proof , though something tells me they were n't seeking any evidence , but rather just jumping on the wagon to piss off a celebrity . 
  while i agree with you on the fact that there are only two biological genders ( three if you count hermaphrodites ) , i kinda want to see some further explaining from mr savage . 
  he may have a different interpretation of what gender fluid actually means . 
  i know that 's kind of grasping at straws , but i do n't think we can decipher what he actually means in 2 tweets . 
  if he does n't mention it again , or backs up his claims , either with evidence , or just more calling people dicks , i 'll accept that he does indeed believe there is a legitimate spectrum of multiple genders , without it being considered a mental illness , in which case , he and i hold a different stance on what constitutes a gender . 
  i thought everyone took it all out to piss ? 
  who keeps them in when they piss ? 
  you 're completely right . 
  looking at the term `` gender fluid '' as the gender they 're attracted to , rather than the gender they 're identifying as , makes a bit more sense . 
  i do n't believe any human being should be made fun of , or pushed away for their mental illness . 
  i myself suffer from quite a few problems , so i 'd be a hypocrite if i did n't accept others with mental health issues . 
  wait , you use the zipper on your jeans ? 
  i think i used it once when i was a kid , and ended up getting my foreskin stuck . 
  one and only time . 
  if i say yes , will you believe me ? 
  okay , i admit it . 
  i 'm a phoney . 
  a big fat phoney :(, 
  woulda been cool if i was gavin though , eh, 
  yeah , i named myself after him . 
  used to be a very big rt fan . 
  still like them , just have n't seen the podcast in a while . 
  i 'm actually kind of excited to go back and listen to them when i can . 
  i think she 's saying `` what about it ? '', 
  just do n't dig straight down . 
  our summers in australia are at least as hot , if not hotter than american summers , so it does n't really make sense that the heat would be an issue . 
  surely there 's another reason ? 
  they 're just a child looking for attention . 
  i can guarantee they 're no older than 14 ; if they are any older , that just makes it a whole lot sadder . 
  down vote , report , and move on . 
  he actually cut it by smashing a glass cup . 
  also , he did n't actually rub real blood on her face , lol, 
  i decided to go through his comment history up until a few days back , and was * so surprised * to see that op 's actually an advocate for white supremacy . 
  so , not only is he a misogynist , he 's also a racist , and unsurprisingly , an idiot . 
  also , i do n't go on this subreddit unless it hits the front page with something interesting , but is there usually this much victim shaming and racism on here , or is this just an isolated case ? 
  edit : never mind , just realised op is a moderator on this subreddit . 
  just another sub to filter out i guess . 
  pretty sure it 's rome total war, 
  what , so a woman is raped after meeting a man she fell in love with over the internet , and we 're just going to blame her for it , because he was a muslim ? 
  this subreddit is a disgrace . 
  she went there because she fell in love with somebody . 
  you 're saying that because the man was a muslim , she should n't have gone over to meet him , because she should have known that he would rape her . 
  that 's an absolutely abysmal way of looking at things . 
  i know plenty of people from turkey ( men and women ) who are muslim , and they 're some of the kindest people around . 
  the argument you 're making is comparable to somebody saying you should n't go america because somebody will shoot you . 
  while i agree that a lot of muslim countries are third world shit holes , you ca n't shame somebody because they went to turkey because they 'd been talking to somebody who seemed like a nice and caring person , only to be raped . 
  i do n't like islam , or any religion , but i do n't hate the people following it , until they become fanatic and start killing in the name of their religion . 
  just let people live in whatever way makes them happy . 
  as long they 're not harming people , why hate them ? 
  in this case , the man was a scummy human being . 
  the woman may have been naive to go there , but she is n't at fault . 
  it 's not like she made the guy rape her , he made that decision , not her . 
  fuck man . 
  at least he went quick , i guess . 
  ahh , thanks man , i 'll give it a go !, 
  hmm , still does n't seem to be working . 
  i assume it must be something i 'm doing . 
  i 've tried a couple ways . 
  first was putting it into the actual player 's init , which i assume is how you 're saying i should do it . 
  the second way was putting it into a trigger , and setting it to my player 's side , which i assume would n't work , considering the way the script is written . 
  the third way was calling it from my mission init , using a trigger , which also did n't work . 
  also , this is going to be used in a mission for my group , so it will be used in multiplayer on a server . 
  i 'm not sure if that will change how the script is written . 
  i appreciate the help you 've given me , so thank you , 
  thanks so much for your help mate . 
  if i had any money in my bank account , i 'd give you gold . 
  unfortunately all i can do is upvote you . 
  you 've seriously gone above and beyond . 
  there 's more to aus than sydney , mate, 
  i have seen the face of god and he is crying,
