  you realise america has an extensive history of interfering with other countries politics , right ? 
  mate , attacking me like that makes you look like a child . 
  you saying `` maybe they should n't have interfered in our election '' sounds like you 're not taking into account the * extremely * questionable shit the us has done in its history . 
  no need to be a cunt to me . 
  grow up . 
  `` it 's soul !, 
  boys * soul * '', 
  i do n't have a problem with him putting the animal down , it 's the fact that he was so cold about it . 
  the people obviously loved the deer , and to have it shot right in front of them is just cold and cruel . 
  i think that 's the main problem people have with this situation . 
  you kidding ? 
  it 's probably one of the best seasons in a long time . 
  it 's because he 's panicking and trying to get away , all the while keeping eye contact with the people coming after him , not realising he 's backing himself into a corner . 
  ethan 's cough is the only pretty thing about him, 
  pretty much this whole sub . 
  just a bunch of people of people who do n't understand sarcasm . 
  unless i have been misinterpreting this whole sub , and all the comments are actually satire . 
  he 's talking about the marines ai . 
   deep and slow australian accent, 
  `` you 're not so bad looking yourself '' ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  ... is english your native language ? 
  i mean like , i stopped typing like that when i was about 8 ... 
  well dyslexia makes sense . 
  no offence meant with the last comment . 
  but rather than complaining about people being dicks , maybe just explain why your english is n't top tier . 
  and americans still think they 're the freest nation in the world, 
  can i own an african child ? 
  looks like they tried to shoot the other guy , judging by how they attempted to raise the gun again , however due to the injury sustained , they could n't hold onto it . 
  i could be talking out my arse , but it does look like that . 
  trigger discipline really has nothing to do with what happened . 
  i get trigger discipline , but in this scenario it really means shit all . 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  i 've seen this gif multiple times , and i swear to god it goes for longer than this ... why does this cut so soon ? 
  favorite scene in the show is when he 's concerned with being `` pure '' , and ends up on the floor covered in sanitiser , like a weird slug or something . 
  just because they work hard , does n't mean they ca n't be arseholes . 
  uh , then american presidents can be arseholes ? 
  my * point * is that farmers can be arseholes . 
  i wish karl pilkington had mentioned this in monkey news . 
  ricky would have torn him a new one . 
  i had some emus attack my car when my family was down the river . 
  bastards also tried to peck my dad through the driver 's window . 
  left a massive dent in the side of the car too . 
  oh awesome . 
  i hope this revives the oceania community . 
  i remember i 'd play this game all day everyday . 
  my mate and i would play teams literally every day for hours . 
  i usually use ts , but if you give me the discord , i 'll definitely pop in later when the patch is released . 
  yeah , i did n't play very much when that system was implemented , maybe one or 2 games just to try it out . 
  i left after i stopped being able to find full games , which was around the `` stun lock '' patch . 
  still salty about people quitting that game . 
  i so hope this revives it . 
  cheers, 
  ahaha , true that . 
  i ca n't wait to play the new map . 
  i swear man , if the oceania community does n't come back to life , i 'll be shattered, 
  hey gabe , will you guys be releasing any new content for csgo ? 
  preferably bug fixes and map fixes . 
  cosmetics are cool and everything , but myself and the majority of other csgo players agree that csgo gets the rough end of the stick when it comes to the technical stuff when compared to dota 2 and other games . 
  holy shit , i just realised what that emoji means ... 
  just put it in so it 's opening your sphincter . 
  that way you 're ready for butt stuff , and they 're guaranteed to pull it out, 
  5-6pm your time i think . 
  might be later though, 
  / r/evenwithcontex - wait no , that does n't apply here, 
  seems like i was wrong . 
  looks like it will be about 10pm your time . 
  sorry about the misinformation : /, 
  those things are everywhere when we go down the river . 
  usually up in the trees . 
  they wo n't come up to you unless you annoy them . 
  the most annoying spiders are the ones that crawl on you when you sleep . 
  they wo n't hurt you , but it feels weird when you 're trying to sleep and a spider start climbing over your leg . 
  the most unexpected thing about this is that someone took a photo of their monitor, 
  that poor fucking dog . 
  looked like it almost drowned near the end . 
  and the guy behind the camera is just laughing the whole way through . 
  despicable fucking humans beings . 
  you missed a great title chance . 
  i have a morbid fascination too , but actually * wanting * to see someone die is a lot different than being curious about it . 
  you seem like a child who has seen a video of someone dying and feels like a bad arse . 
  grow up . 
  i 'm not judging you . 
  you can be fascinated by people dying . 
  the problem is , you 're calling people pussies for not wanting to see that kind of stuff . 
  i 'm personally not phased by people dying , but i can understand why people would n't want to see it . 
  that lady in the gif very much could have died ( i do n't know if she did ) . 
  also , the fact that you find it funny to `` troll '' people on the internet shows the type of person you are , and possibly also your age . 
  i 'm not gon na stop ya . 
  keep doing you i guess . 
  i feel like that could be twisted as a way for businesses to avoid taxes, 
  i can literally only find lightning rounds in oceania :p, 
  see , i could understand if the changes worked in theory , but even then , they do n't . 
  it 's like they 've gotten a room of people who have never played a video game before , and asked them what to do with the game . 
  i keep winning with my mate . 
  does n't mean there 's much skill in the game . 
  you do n't * only * left click . 
  the point is that you are n't punished enough for only left clicking . 
  i can only assume you did n't play back in the early days . 
  combat was ** much ** better back then . 
  the majority of the player base agrees with me .
