  pretty much 1:00 on the dot . 
  also 1:40 . 
  i am playing on career mode , so maybe i need some kind of command module or something ? 
  ahhhh , i needed to upgrade my tracking station . 
  welp , i truly am a noob :p, 
  thanks for the help , 
  yeah , just did it then . 
  ca n't believe it was that simple, 
  she has the same hair . 
  that 's all i see . 
  i 've come across those guys plenty of times . 
  they run around in a 4 man team . 
  gotten to the point where i 'm not going to play ffa until something is done about them . 
  if this is true , we might actually be able to play solo again . 
  from oce by the way . 
  if anyone else is experiencing this , it 'd be great to know . 
  yeah , we just got it working about 15 mins ago . 
  i do n't know what was happening, 
  nope , sticks are doing 12 for a fully charged throw , not to mention he was running leg day with a stamina shot . 
  not much i could have done against that aside from try to run into a building , which is what i was attempting to do, 
  yeah man . 
  i love these devs , 
  i 've used golden arm in a few matches , and won a substaintial amount of those games . 
  people say that golden arm takes skill . 
  it does n't . 
  all you need to do is horde up a few high damage weapons , and you 're set . 
  i do know how to play , and i did n't wait until i was at zero stamina , i stopped running at about 20 , at which point i turned around and noticed that he was still giving chase . 
  i also did n't enter the building on zero stamina . 
  it was at swamp , which is why he had time to loot it , as he literally ran straight in there without crafting any weapon , and was lucky enough to get a weapon from what i am assuming was a green crate . 
  i also honestly did n't do anything wrong by running away . 
  if he did n't have that stamina shot , i would have been able to get away from him . 
  i was n't going to fight him when i had already taken like 20-30 damage from a branch . 
  the only thing i did wrong was not be able to predict that he had a stamina shot , which was very unfortunate . 
  golden arm does +100 % damage . 
  the branch does 12 damage for a fully charged throw , meaning each throw he did on me did 24 damage . 
  obviously i must have taken a tiny bit of extra damage along the way , but the point still stands . 
  i honestly do n't know why people think the perk is op . 
  you should n't have an enemy below 30 hp for a full 30 seconds in the first place . 
  the cool down is fine as it is imo . 
   you should n't be getting smacked down to 30 hp every 30 seconds in the first place . 
  who said somebody is getting smacked down to 30 hp every 30 seconds ? 
  all you need is to be smacked down to 30 health once . 
  the smoke deploying every 30 seconds really is n't an advantage for the person using the perk anyway . 
  if anything , it can be a disadvantage for anyone who does n't carry bandages around , as their position is going to be given away constantly . 
  if you 're fighting somebody and allow them to get more than 1 smoke off , then sorry to say , you probably need to practice a bit more . 
  out of my 5 or so solo games since the patch , i 've won 3 . 
  teams , we 've won the majority of those too . 
  the game can be a bit annoying at times , but i 've found that the game is n't really any harder , aside from those times that you fight somebody who has dig deep early game . 
  no need to be a dick , i am simply saying that angry octopus is n't op . 
  i 've fought people who use it , and honestly , it is a waste of a perk . 
  great shit post m80, 
  would n't this just stop people from using the alarm gun , seeing as they 're pretty much giving the player who gets the kill free func ? 
  just reddit being reddit : /, 
  looks like she uses her nails , honestly . 
  i see it used all the time . 
  i 'll hang on to one if i have the room just to annoy people . 
  those are your tokens . 
  you can use those to get into trial games . 
  trial games allow you to have a chance at getting very rare loot ( if you win ) . 
  it 's at cliff house . 
  i 'm not gon na lie , been exploiting it since the most recent patch :p, 
  i assume you 're one of the scumbags who teams with his friends ? 
  good ole ' gavin, 
  as i said ... not the devs fault ... 
  the only way to combat this is to perma ban . 
  no 1 week bans and then escalating , just instant perma ban . 
  people who cheat in a game should n't be able to play the game anymore . 
  they 're knowingly cheating . 
  they 're taking the risk , they should face the consequences . 
  exactly why an automatic banning system would n't work . 
  the only way to do it is by manually doing it . 
  girls would be uploading pictures to facebook and instagram of them covering their foreheads and winking . 
  yep , this was by far one of my favorite games as a kid . 
  fuck man , those guys were * shit *, 
  browsing / r/all and then see this . 
  cheers for the spoiler guys !, 
  does that even count as a prefire ? 
  because i enjoy having conversations with strangers, 
  the only way it is like regular tv is because it has a schedule . 
  it 's an interesting concept because it is on netflix . 
  imagine being able to turn on a chat , and talk to people about the movie . 
  people could make predictions and people could talk about how awesome the previous scene was . 
  yes , there will be cunts in the chat who spoil the movie , which is why netflix could either manually monitor the chat , add a flagging system ( after enough reports they are banned from commenting on any videos for the next month or something ) or a mixture of both . 
  if you do n't want the chat , then just disable it . 
  not to mention , how is having this as an option in any way harming you or any other people who do n't want it ? 
  honestly , most smurfs are just people who do n't want to pay for cheats/risk accidentally using them on their main . 
  okay , i misworded it . 
  the majority of smurfs want to have an unfair advantage over other players , so they play against people who are lower ranks than themselves . 
  that 's not what i consider smurfing , and i 'm not sure if anyone else considers it smurfing either . 
  if you 're in a 5 man , i could n't care less if you 're nova deagling the whole game . 
  now , if you were carrying the fuck out of them , using awps and ak 's , that would be smurfing . 
  you bet your arse i 'm salty . 
  i spent about 6 months going from s3 to lem . 
  in that time , the amount of smurfs i came across was unreal , and almost every single one of those smurfs was trying as hard as they possibly could . 
  people usually make excuses for smurfing such as `` other players learn more when they verse smurfs '' , but the reality is , the smurfs just ruing the game . 
  you can downvote each of these comments all you want , but the truth is , smurfing is scummy . 
  the only reason i do n't have a smurf account is because i know it is a scummy thing to do . 
  it 'd be great to be able to play with a bunch of my low ranked friends , but the reality is , it will just ruin the game for other players . 
  instead , i will just 5 stack with 3 friends who are my rank , and another friend who is a lower rank . 
  defend smurfing all you want , the truth still stands that it kills the game for lower ranks .
