  stop being so negative !, 
  that bullied kid sounds like me when i was a few years younger . 
  you realise that it 's their job 's right ? 
  people on youtube still need to make money somehow . 
  what , do you think that they * all * do it as a hobby ? 
  sounds like house of cards . 
  office workers fall in love and then man lets woman get in helicopter that could easily fit 5 other people , meaning he gets burned to death ? 
  honestly , i loved the story , the acting , and the atmosphere , but if it was n't for [ christoph waltz ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0910607/?ref_=tt_cl_t2 ) i probably would n't have enjoyed it as much . 
  the universe , they do n't think it be like it is but it do . 
  itt : everyone is a rich snob in the middle ages . 
  wow , this is so cool !, 
  this kills the hands . 
  the japanese were also executed by their own officer 's if they ( the officer 's ) even thought the soldiers were going to surrender . 
  a good movie on the battle of iwo jima is `` letter 's from iwo jima '' which is completely in japanese , with full english subtitles . 
  one of my favorite films . 
  it is the sister film to `` flags of our fathers , but in my opinion , 10x better . 
  it 's a catcus . 
  if that dog was a cat , that boy would be food . 
  i prefer the blacks to the yellows , simply because they 're a lot more obedient . 
  the bloody yellow ones just build a rocket ship and fly away . 
  i mean no offence in this comment , it was simply a joke and also a * slight * reference to django unchained/old black stereotypes . 
  sorry if anyone is offended . 
  how can mirrors be real if our eyes are n't real ? 
  he 's saying if he picked his cat up he 'd need to throw it away because it 'd scratch him too much ... 
  i think . 
  haha , cheers man !, 
  i love rooster teeth , and gavin is one of the best :p, 
  i had a `` friend '' way back in primary school who would wear these clothes everywhere . 
  he was a twat , like , just acting like he was better than everyone else and stuff . 
  sounds like something francis would do :p, 
  there was only one ... 
  `` hey mate , can you stop raping my child and then please get out of my house , thanks :d '' . 
  not gon na happen . 
  fuck the pedo , he 's bloody lucky it was n't me who found him doing that . 
  i 'd be the one going to prison for murder . 
  a camera works by opening and closing a shutter from top to bottom . 
  what you 're seeing here is a car traveling past a woman , the camera takes the photo , and because the photo registers exactly what it sees the moment it opens ( keep in mind that half the lens is covered at a time ) it has a morphing effect on the image . 
  it 's very hard to explain , but this is basically how it works . 
  this might sound like a joke , and trust me , to me it is , but my uncle is 100 % adamant on it . 
  my uncle was a teenager , and he was at the footy ovals with his mate . 
  all of a sudden a big flash happened and an alien space craft landed . 
  it abducted him and , get this , implanted a tracker into his right tit . 
  i was like 7-8 when he told me this , and i still find it hilarious , but he was serious . 
  fuck ... if all of the podcast 's are as exhilarating ( for lack of a better word ) as you described it , i will have to check the podcast out . 
  thanks !, 
  will do !, 
  the fear of , welp , smelling bad ... 
  it has stopped me from going to school for 2 years , which means the rest of my life is pretty much fucked . 
  i wish i could be normal again . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was designed scare you though ... like the frequencies and randomness of it is supposed to put you in alert . 
  i 've just downloaded the app . 
  i 'm about to go bed and am going to listen to these . 
  thank you , 
  i downloaded the official horrible history 's podcast app off the android store . 
  i 'll let you know how it went when i wake up  goodnight and thanks for introducing me to this . 
  haha , i was tired , sorry , it was the dan carlin one , and it was awesome !, 
  :p so many hours worth of material in there . 
  you look like a young willem dafoe :o, 
  but there are only 11 letters in that word ... 
  edit : nevermind , there are 3 l 's . 
  knowing reddit , this could make it to the front page of / r/aww, 
  to be fair , america most likely participated in fucked up experiments on pow 's , you just have n't heard about it . 
  remember , history is written by the victor . 
  edit : to the people who believe that america or any other civilised country could n't be capable of doing that , look at germany . 
  they were civilised , and yet they carried out these awful experiments on the jews , without the german population even knowing about it . 
  edit 2 : til you will get downvoted for stating facts . 
  the `` halo '' series goes into this . 
  basically humanity was at war millions of years ago with an alien race called the promethians , and we lost . 
  the promethians sent us back to the stone age instead of destroying us . 
  did they taste good ? 
  are you jack patillo ? 
  yeah , this was posted like a week ago , only in video form . 
  at least wait a few months before re-posting . 
  and then the instant you start pissing , a smelly old guy stands next to you and starts pissing , splashing you in the process , right ? 
  but do n't tell anyone . 
  he done fucked up . 
  i 'm surprised he did n't pull out a baggy and sprinkle some crack on him . 
  being whipped ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  pretty sure someone who is 14 understands death pretty well ... 
  also tarantino is in the movie . 
  he plays ( one of ) the aussie guys . 
  but jack is meant to be a crazy old pirate ... 
  it fits him perfectly . 
  bullets can go through walls though ... 
  honestly , a kangaroo * really * is n't cute . 
  they will fucking kill you if you go near it . 
  it he does n't kill you , you 'll probably need surgery on your stomach . 
  a little true story : a mate and i were camping down the river , and while we were asleep , we heard a yelp . 
  turns out his dog had actually been picked up by a kangaroo and kicked/scratched . 
  the poor little fella was lucky to be alive . 
  name and shame the person who pm 'd you . 
  that 's just not on . 
  andy !, 
  opening cases . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  it was basically made last night in about 1 hour . 
  i just wanted to see what i could do , 
  i am using sony vegas pro to record . 
  edit : not record . 
  to edit .
