  haha , nah , it will just make him deadly silent , same as someone without it . 
  honestly , i do n't see this as an unrealistic suggestion , as we already have explosive runs , which you can basically get through perks anyway . 
  for me , it 'd be when rick tore out the bikers throat with his teeth . 
  honestly feels like all you need to do is shove and attack constantly to win . 
  i have killed multiple people this way . 
  i 've also been killed multiple times by it . 
  it 's also quite hard to counter when they 're using a fast weapon , as one shove can get you like 3 hits in . 
  [ very weird videos indeed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5yfky66_hw&amp;list=flvwinobglhamaflucp6pkiw&amp;index=438 ), 
  you can do that anyway with a medkit . 
  had it happen to me once , which was pretty annoying . 
  honestly i actually like the way it is now . 
  it is allowing everyone to use other perks , rather than forcing you to use 1 slot for stealthy . 
  i do think they over nerfed it though , maybe making it so you make no noise on land or something would be better . 
  you 've gotten so many hours out of it , and you still want a refund . 
  just goes to show how society is i guess . 
  i think it should just cost 20 func to craft honestly . 
  op , your comments/post are getting downvoted because you 're asking why the post is being downvoted . 
  aside from that , those were some very lucky shots , 
  i actually really like that idea . 
  one of the better suggestions i 've heard . 
  delete facebook gym hit lawyer the up, 
  whenever i see those upvoted ( especially on youtube ) i always imagine those upvoters laughing hysterically , and clicking the like button with tears streaming down their faces . 
  especially when they were posted like 5 minutes ago . 
  scott 's totts, 
  i thought you were gon na mention the one where if you die just as you throw a grenade , you will toss the grenade , and also drop one . 
  this cheetah i was screwing around with was almost the victim of a milf attack, 
  nah man , it was very traumatic for me . 
  this guy came to my high school a few years back . 
  everyone was crowded around the goat , and then the principle came out and threatened to call the cops :(, 
  edit : found the video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvukfhirfxk, 
  if you think he 's a cunt , you should see his wife . 
  about 400 kgs and 4 chins more of a cunt than he is . 
  yeah , i was playing on the oce servers earlier , and there was a team of 4 going around in ffa . 
  i had like 3 games with them . 
  : / they were pretty shit , and i could beat them in 1v2 's no worries , but it is impossible to beat 4 guys who literally surround you and trap you . 
  fuck i hate people like that . 
  that 's what people were saying . 
  i know a few people got suspended , but most of the people involved were either given detention or not punished at all . 
  yeah , i came across these guys a few times last night . 
  they 're honestly fucking terrible , but it is impossible to beat a 5 man team . 
  you ca n't bait them into an explosive charge or anything , cos there 's too many of them . 
  i wish these guys could be banned because of this . 
  this was on the night before the most recent patch , which is why neither me , or them are spamming shove . 
  if you do n't want to watch the whole video , skip to around 1:40, 
  i hope so . 
  i just really love this game . 
  i want to be able to enjoy it , rather than constantly getting mad at it . 
  i think this is a good thing . 
  you waste your stamina to be quieter . 
  no big deal . 
  yes , and then contribute to the problem . 
  if more people had your mentality , the game would be ruined . 
  this is a cool thought , but it would have to be implemented properly , for example , the baseball bat , as we all know , is one of the best weapons in the game right now , which means it would need to have a 1 star rating , same for the katana . 
  this could work i guess , but i 'd rather the devs work on fixing combat before implementing more things . 
  if you 'd like , i can give you the drop . 
  add me on steam : docbaztard, 
  i 'd abuse the fuck out of iron sides aha, 
  seriously though , i 'd like these , though they 'd need to be adjusted for balancing reasons . 
  not gon na lie , this would actually be amazing . 
  please devs , think about it ? 
  you need to stand in front of it . 
  if you 're off to the side , it will terminate the process . 
  no , i have gotten the glitch that was in the photo at outfitters . 
  it 's not exactly on the `` side '' , he is * very * slightly behind it . 
  yeah aha , i was seriously waiting for him to pull out a knife or something :p, 
  damn , i wish i could go . 
  i 'm in australia and have no money :(, 
  good luck guys !, 
  hopefully we can get some new faces in the community , 
  for solo , i am running ; load dropper , submission and recovery , my airdrop being tough . 
  the reason it is tough and not slugger is because with like 1-2 fully charged hits , the opponent is almost out of stamina , so they ca n't run , and can barely fight . 
  also , it 's a nice challenge in combat . 
  as for teams , it 's a toss between the above loadout ( change load dropper with chemist ) and a bleed build , which will usually consist of bloodbath , runs with knives and recovery , with ninja as my airdrop . 
  the reason they team in solo is because they ca n't win in fair conditions . 
  in other words , they suck at the game . 
  yeah man , it 's real annoying . 
  just the most scummy pos ' in the game : /, 
  yeah man , they 're toxic players . 
  i wish the devs would ban them . 
  i did n't know they were there for one . 
  i also did n't know there were 3 of them . 
  when i saw the first arrow come at me , i thought there was one guy . 
  i 'd rather use the same loadout that everyone else is using , rather than put myself at a disadvantage . 
  doing anything otherwise would be stupid . 
  thanks xaviant , this is why i love you guys . 
  you are one of the few companies that actually listen to players concerns . 
  this will absolutely save the game . 
  i do n't care if people are worried that because there 's such a small player base that we wont be able to find games anymore ; that 's a load of crap . 
  this is going to hopefully raise the player count , as now people wont be quitting the game . 
  cheers guys . 
  dude , an actual developer has said it : https://www.reddit.com/r/survivetheculling/comments/4fjpxe/xaviants_policy_on_teaming_in_the_culling/, 
  you 're the one spreading the cancer , dude ... 
  yeah man , this happens every game in oceania . 
  i am yet to come across a game without teamers today : /, 
  no , we 're australian . 
  the aussie servers are full of cunts who just team . 
  solo is unplayable . 
  i have so far reported about 3 different instances of teamers . 
  those are only the ones i could be bothered to even report . 
  there 's usually at least 1 team of 2-3 running around .
