  yeah , sure thing , but i do n't think all that many muslims come from mexico . 
  really ? 
  because as of 2010 , there were around 3.5 k muslims in mexico . 
  i doubt all that many of them have been immigrating illegally . 
  clearly . 
  it 's most likely from one of the older waves . 
  i remember my first couple of waves everything was unlocked . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) just the way i like it . 
  nice and wide, 
  man , ro2/rs is a masterpiece of a game . 
  judging by your comment you 're not into shooters though , which is fair enough ; it 's not for everyone . 
  i live on the murray and i 'm still afraid of crocs . 
  pretty sure it 's from when my mum used to tell me they were in the river to keep me out of it . 
  before that they had to tie a rope around me, 
  the editor is in 3 and 4 though , is n't it ? 
  i used to use it all the time on pc . 
  `` i was driving drunk , but i did n't kill anyone , so it 's okay '' . 
  i hate to interrupt the circle jerk , but this guy should have gotten more than 5 years probation . 
  not only did he murder a man who was * suspected * of the crime , he also endangered the lives of everyone around him . 
  there 's a reason why we do n't tolerate vigilante justice in the modern world . 
  the justice system also should n't be based around emotion . 
  this guy is/was responsible of what seems to be 1st degree murder ; it was entirely premeditated . 
  i can relate to him if he 'd found the guy raping his child . 
  it would have been a heat of the moment thing , and i ca n't say i would n't do the same thing if that situation had happened ... but that 's not what happened ; he disguised himself and waited for the guy to come past . 
  i understand people are emotional in situations like this , but letting this guy off the hook is unjust and could potentially encourage others to follow suit . 
  and that judge should have ordered a retrial . 
  that jury is acting on emotion , not justice . 
  edit : i see you edited your comment before i replied . 
  `` whine about something worthwhile '' . 
  i think that handing out justice is quite important actually . 
  he hid and waited for the man who was restrained and being escorted , and then shot him in the head . 
  he did n't only kill that man , he also put everyone in the immediate vicinity of the shot in danger ; especially the man escorting the restrained man . 
  i also would n't have downvoted you if you had n't added that last sentence . 
  it honestly almost makes it not worth adding this reply , but hopefully some other people will see this and change their minds on the issue . 
  and yet people are still charged , and sometimes jailed for driving drunk . 
  i feel like taking someone 's life and putting other people in danger should have some major consequences . 
  it 's not like i ca n't sympathize with the guy , i can . 
  it 's just the fact that he broke the law ( and not some minor law either . 
  he murdered a man who had n't even been convicted of anything yet ) and in doing so he could have killed someone completely innocent . 
  i 'm still trying to understand why you think death is the appropriate answer to rape . 
  i understand rape is a terrible thing , but i do n't think the guy deserved to die . 
  20 years , or even life in prison ? 
  sure . 
  but i do n't think he deserved to die . 
  if there needs to be a death sentence in america , i say use it on people who murder others , though i do n't think there should even be a death penalty at all . 
   love it when the justice system is sensible . 
  not really all that sensible . 
  the rapists family was probably going through a very traumatic experience . 
  they had nothing to do with ( as far as i know ) the rapists actions . 
  the judge should have been professional enough to throw the case out . 
  instead , he basically spit on these people by giving them a dollar . 
   yet it was . 
  lol, 
  what i meant was that it was n't worth replying just so you could read it . 
  in the end i posted it so others could read it and formulate an opinion , rather than just being hot-headed and supporting vigilante justice . 
  shit , maybe i could have changed your opinion , but that was n't the intention , as it seems you 're too stubborn to even consider my point of view . 
  i honestly ca n't believe so many people are supporting the murder of this man . 
  i do n't really feel sympathy for the guy , but for the justice system to completely overlook the fact that this was a premeditated murder is just outrageous . 
  also , do you really believe somebody who rapes who should be killed ? 
  obviously this is n't me saying rape is n't a bad thing ; it 's a fucking terrible thing . 
  it 's one of the worst things emotionally , and often times physically that can happen to somebody , but nobody should be killed for it . 
  i 'm sure that if somebody raped my kid , i 'd want that person dead , and i might even end up doing what the father did , but i 'd deserve the punishment i got . 
  people ca n't just take the law into their own hands . 
  civilized countries have a justice system for a reason . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't like the trump administration , but people are taking small errors and turning them into massively controversial things . 
  i almost dislike the anti trump crowd as much as i dislike the people who are pro trump ( though admittedly i only * really * dislike the people who are the loudest ) . 
  [ about 3 hours as of now ] ( http://rs2vietnam.com/ ), 
  sucks because it 'll be 3am for me :(, 
  yeah , it is . 
  i found it kind of funny . 
  must be some weird glitchy terrain ; or just a major coincidence . 
  probably so they can kill people . 
  i assume this guy also joined the air force to do the same thing . 
  edit : i 'm not saying people join the military to kill people , i 'm saying this guy in particular probably did , considering he tried to join isis . 
   dillon taylor died in the parking lot of a 7-eleven on aug. 11 after officer bron cruz responded to reports of an armed man in the area . 
  police said cruz approached taylor and two of his friends because they matched the description he was given . 
  of course they 're going to apporach him with their guns drawn . 
  read the description next time , yeah ? 
  generally if a person is having the police called on them , and is said to be armed , you do n't really want to approach them without a weapon ready . 
  how would you have acted in this situation ? 
  i know i would have had my weapon ready , and i wish i could say i would n't have shot the guy , but hindsight is 20/20 in this case . 
  fuck i love karl . 
  he 's a top bloke . 
  i 'm glad to see he 's standing up for what 's right . 
  obligatory fuck the daily mail . 
  story time ? 
  fuck man , that must be terrifying . 
  i ca n't imagine having something like that . 
  did you pass out , or did it just happen during sleep ? 
  sorry if this is too intrusive , i 'm just finding this very interesting . 
  man , glad you 're doing alright . 
  best of luck to you in the future . 
  i 've honestly never heard about this before ; it 's very weird and amazing . 
  stop twisting their words . 
  in no way did the commenter imply they leaned toward either `` side '' . 
  no need to throw insults around . 
  i 've no idea how you managed to be so offended over him using leftist . 
  you seem like the type of person who enjoys being offended over nothing . 
  cheers for the reply mate .
