  i 've found that if you turn off the entity mass when building light , it will let you build it . 
  as for everything else ; it 's all broken . 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing your tutorials !, 
  you 're making some big generalizations there mate . 
  i know there are some bad cops out there , but implying that they 're all bad is just bullshit . 
  i doubt there are any statistics out there , but i can almost gurantee that less than 1 % of all police are bad . 
  that 's still a large number , but you need to understand that cops are n't a different species . 
  if police abuse is such a big issue , rather than going after the cops and calling them all bad , how about go after the laws that allow them to act like that without repurcussion . 
  i do n't see how that is practical at all for riding on horseback . 
  i assume these never would have seen combat . 
  they lined up in columns for a good reason . 
  being huddled in a tight group with hundreds or men would keep morale high . 
  it was also a lot easier to give orders . 
  volley fire was also very effective ( in theory , though people often shot over the heads of men , of at the ground so as not to have to kill somebody ) at dismantling other formations , and also defending against cavalry . 
  it 's not a good thing that bribery is legal over there ; it 's the main reason they arrest people for nothing . 
  probably stems from religion . 
  dude , i guarantee his chickens lived 100x better than any chicken in the wild could . 
  how would you rather live ? 
  struggling for your life all day , worrying about finding a meal and staying away from predators , or living comfortably every day , with a nice meal in your belly , where you die in a few years time without even realising it ? 
  believe me , i do n't like the fact that animals die , but the reality is , we 've spent millions of years eating meat , and arguably would n't be where we are intelligence wise without it . 
  i 'm fine with people going vegan , and realise i 'm in the vegan subreddit , but people like you ( not just based on this comment , but also others in the thread ) really push me away from veganism . 
  you try to shame people for not having the same life style as you , and that just makes you look bad . 
  i agree , the way a lot of the animals are treated is terrible , which is why i always try to buy free range meat and eggs . 
  it 's a small step , but i love meat too much to be able to give it up . 
  haha , i did n't even realise i set a flair, 
  you would have loved my area in australian when it reached 50, 
  how has this account not been banned yet ? 
  this has been going on for months now . 
  it is . 
  indeed, 
  as grim as this may sound , it 's very logical to target this kind of event if your targets are all playing . 
  i think the word you 're looking for is morals . 
  i honestly thought it was, 
  hopefully there 's no hippo around . 
  holy fuck !, 
  you look great . 
  i ca n't see any loose skin either . 
  keep up the great work !, 
  i want to be like charles, 
  you 'd love the moths we get in australia . 
  they 're ugly and massive . 
  just finished the sopranos for the first time about an hour ago , and decided to visit this sub . 
  i know i 'm late , but man , even though i only knew him through the show , i feel like i really got to know the guy . 
  sucks i only became a fan after his death , but i 'm glad i experienced such an awesome show . 
  cheers , i 'll definitely check it out !, 
  a million would let me go to university and get a decent education . 
  man , we 've been waiting for years . 
  i hope it does n't disappoint . 
  be happy you even had futurama on your netflix :(, 
  this reads like a youtube comment . 
  maybe stay there , yeah ? 
  i might have come off a bit harsh . 
  i think the reason you 're being downvoted is because your comment kinda does read like a youtube comment . 
  -10 or whatever you 're at now is a bit harsh , but your original comment did come off as very irrelevant and childish . 
  love how this is a typical situation . 
  maybe buy a pc so you can play the game ? 
  i can tell by your sentence structure and use of emojis that you 're a young kid , so perhaps you do n't understand why it 's only on the pc right now ? 
  i have n't been following the footy lately . 
  when did this happen ? 
  cheers . 
  looks to me like it 's a dive , but looks can be deceiving i guess, 
  [ this suddenly has a whole other meaning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn-enjnwrsa ), 
  i 've been diagnosed with crippling anxiety . 
  when i was a kid i struggled to even leave the house , ( actually , not much has changed ) but i still managed to go to a lan tournament ; albeit i was throwing up in the toilet every couple of hours , but i still braved it . 
  are you trying to say my anxiety is n't real ? 
  holy fuck i need one right now, 
  awww , it 's so cute !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ dog 's ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ alright ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ too ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ guess, 
  no , the people in the military today did n't free their countries . 
  the ww2 military and government did . 
  either way , nobody should be given a pass for murder and/or rape . 
  it could happen , 
  give it a few years . 
  i guarantee within like 5-10 years the hardware will be common enough to do it . 
  fuck man , just thinking about that gives me the biggest nerd boner . 
  not just lost in the archives . 
  the footage was accidentally dropped into the ocean while whoever was carrying all the footage was stepping onto a boat . 
  we lost multiple angles of the landing , and battle . 
  dan carlin describes in his podcast the effects of the nuke . 
  apparantly the flash was so bright that people who had any skin exposed to the flash got 3rd degree burns on that part of the skin . 
  if they had any clothing covering the area , they were apparantly fine . 
  some survivors also described the city afterwards . 
  apparantly the fires did n't break out for over a minute ( i assume because it was gradually becoming hotter ) . 
  people were wandering through the streets blind , with their skin hanging and melting away . 
  people had to leave family members who were trapped under rubble because the fires were closing in . 
  i think it 's good to know about this kind of stuff though . 
  let 's make sure something like that never happens again . 
  i did post this the night the episode aired , but i thought you guys might get a good laugh out of it before the next season . 
  thanks !, 
  i made it when i was first learning how to edit videos . 
  it took me longer to make than i 'd like to admit :p, 
  my mum showed me one involving a bear which ended in a jump scare . 
  i was scared to go outside because i was afraid the bear would show up . 
  i was/am also cautious of any videos i see that are from an unknown source ( e.g a youtuber i 'm not familiar with ) . 
  the only thing i hate about / r/watchpeopledie is the comments . 
  that smiling guy in the back looks like he 's in pain . 
  eh , it looks like fun to me . 
  quite weird , but still fun . 
  i hate it when that happens . 
  did i have a stroke reading the first half of your comment ?
