  why is this ? 
  whenever i preview the mission , and then go back into the editor , my camera locks up , and i ca n't use wasd to move , instead wasd seems to control the xyz axis . 
  is there any way to fix this ? 
  it is getting annoying having to quit out of the editor and go back into it every time i want to test my mission . 
  admins , if this is n't allowed , please remove . 
  thank you . 
  edit : i am playing modded arma , which includes ace and a lot of other small mods . 
  [ removed ], 
  hey global offensive , i just wanted to see whether you guys have been having the same issues as my friends and i. 
  it seems that lately there have been a lot of cheaters . 
  out of my last 10 games , about 7 of them had a cheater ( once on my team ) . 
  i was wondering if you guys have come across this , or if i am just having a streak of bad luck . 
  it 's starting to make me lose enjoyment in the game , and honestly i am thinking about quitting all together . 
  in before `` lol your bad kid '' comments . 
  hey , so i 'm apart of a milsim unit , and we have been using ace3 for about 4-5 months . 
  most of us understand how the medical system works , and we can fix people up fairly quickly , however , how does the cpr work ? 
  it seems like we always need to pak someone when their heart stops . 
  i 've tried multiple different ways of doing it , such as putting an epinephrine in them , or using morphine , or even both , and then cpring them . 
  i 've cpred people for 5 minutes straight and their heart still has n't started . 
  can someone please help us out ? 
  it 's getting really annoying having to pak people all the time . 
  thanks in advance for any help . 
  hey guys , so as the title suggests , i need help making directional sounds ( having the sound coming from a fixed point , such as a room in a building , or say off the left of someone . 
  i need this for a multiplayer mission that i am making for my unit . 
  if you could help me out , i 'd be really grateful . 
  hey guys , i 'm starting to get really self conscious about this . 
  lately , i 've been getting worse , while my friends have been getting better . 
  i consistently bottom frag , and it has gotten to the point where people are starting to not want to play with me . 
  this has been going on for months now , and it 's starting to get to me . 
  i was n't always like this , i used to carry the people i play with now . 
  i do n't know what to do , and i feel like i am holding my friends back . 
  i do get very bad hit registration in game , however i doubt that 's the problem , as my aim is usually either really good or really bad . 
  can someone please give me some tips ? 
  no matter how much i practice , i just * do n't * get better . 
  my aim stays the same , either really good or really bad . 
  sometimes on the rare occasion i will play really good , but most of the time i will just play utter shit . 
  okay , so for like a year i 've been searching for a way to spawn units using a trigger . 
  i do n't want them to be a random spawn , i want to place them in the editor and have them spawn in when blufor enters a trigger . 
  is there any way to do this ? 
  i 'm like 90 % sure you could do this in arma 2 , so why we ca n't do this in arma 3 ( as far as i can tell ) really baffles me . 
  [ removed ], 
  so , in light of the recent `` stealthy '' nerf , i think it would be a good idea for the devs to add a new stim to the game which is basically the old stealthy . 
  i think it could be a neat little idea . 
  not sure if people would like this suggestion , but hey , it 's just that ; a suggestion . 
  now , i do n't want to be one of those guys that just posts a thread to complain , but i 'm gon na do it anyway . 
  i 'm getting really bored with the game right now . 
  all that combat has come down to is shoving and left clicking . 
  it takes next to no skill , and is pretty much based on either your weapon speed , or luck . 
  the devs have done a ** great ** job on the game , and have made a lot more good changes than they have * not so good * , however , this change with the combat is a pretty * big bad * change . 
  i absolutely love this game , and you can see that by the amount of hours i 've put into it , but my hours are n't really going up anymore , because of the new combat system . 
  what i really want is to just have an idea of if/when the developers are going to be making a fix . 
  if any devs read this , keep up the good work , things will always be worse before they 're better , otherwise , how would you be able to make a decent game ? 
  [ removed ], 
  this bug has been around for a while , and it 's not too major , but still a bug . 
  when you 're cutting a tree , 1 in about 8 times the branch will disappear into the ground . 
  i have seen it literally fall through the ground . 
  as i said , it 's not a very major bug , but it can be annoying when you need to urgently bandage and the branch you spent the last 5 seconds chopping disappears . 
  hey guys , i am very new to the game , and was just wondering how to do what scott is doing in this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cex7klk7s0g, 
  tl ; dw he is clicking on the mun and it is allowing him to automatically calculate a trajectory to it . 
  how does he do this ? 
  every time i click on the mun , or my trajectory lines , it does nothing . 
  sorry for the noob question , it is just kinda frustrating not being able to do this . 
  the server 's down ? 
  anyone else getting this ? 
  searching for a team game , and keep getting this . 
  i finally had the time to wait for a trials game . 
  here 's my experience . 
  not the fault of the devs or anything , but still annoying . 
  first off , i got a very good spawn ( outfitters ) . 
  i looted it , however , there was n't much there . 
  then i heard someone setting off the gas . 
  seeing as how i was on the roof , i decided to jump onto those little bars , so i would n't take fall damage . 
  well , my internet decided to be a bitch , and put me at like 500 ping , so i was rubber banding everywhere , and ended up falling off the roof . 
  i was now stuck in the gas ( because of lag + cripple ) . 
  i ran out of the gas and bandaged up , but i was still lagging !, 
  i basically could n't move until around the 15 minute mark , so i just camped the edge of the map . 
  finally , my lag went away , however , i did n't quite have enough func for my drop , so i went and looted a building , as well as picked up as much found func as possible . 
  the gas started coming in , so i called in my drop at the pad near cliff house . 
  unfortunately , somebody who farmed for a gun and camped the edge of the gas came running at me , and hit me his smg , every bullet hitting me in the head . 
  i could n't do anything , and was insta killed . 
  so yeah , this was my first experience with trials . 
  not really anything anybody could have fixed , aside from the cunt who gunned me down . 
  just needed to vent , as i am pretty fucking mad about this . 
  had n't had lag for the past 3 hours , and then suddenly got lag as soon as trials started, 
  i keep getting a message saying `` error parsing launcher data , please try again shorty '' . 
  i 've been getting this error all day : /, 
  so , my friends and i have been playing space engineers for the past few days , and i am finally about to go to the moon . 
  the only problem is , every time * i * fly , my hydrogen thrusters stop `` thrusting '' . 
  i still have fuel , and they are still on , however , they just completely stop working , and i either over shoot the object , or crash into it . 
  my other 2 friends have tried flying it , doing the exact same things as me , and they have no problem landing it . 
  does anyone know why this is ? 
  i am keeping my dampeners on , by the way . 
  i was recently playing rome 2 , and won * against a roman army , when i was outnumbered 5-1 . 
  i ca n't wait to hear some incredible stories when i wake up , 
  hey all , so to start off , i 'm relatively new ( been playing for about 3-4 weeks now ) and am having trouble with veigar ; specifically in laning phase . 
  it seems as though i get insta killed . 
  even when sitting under turret , people can just run in , ult , and run away , while only taking like 1 tower hit . 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  edit : seeing as people are asking for more info ( sorry for not providing it in the original post ) i will post some extra info below :, 
  i 'm mostly having trouble with yasuo ( i know , he is n't technically considered an assassin ) , and any other assassins .
