  now , i know they 're supposed to do large amounts of damage in a short time , but surely they should n't be able to insta kill me with their alt while i 'm behind my tower ? 
  please do correct me , i really want to learn this game , as it is very enjoyable . 
  hey , so this fuck up actually did happen today , in the morning at around 11 am . 
  now , my fuck up kind of * begins * about 2 days ago . 
  i could n't sleep thursday night , so i decided to tough friday out , and stay up for the whole day . 
  fast forward to friday night , around 10 pm , and i am getting ready to go to bed . 
  that was , until i heard a meowing at the door !, 
  it was my cat louis ( pronounced lewie ) . 
  he 's usually an outdoor cat , however he will sometimes come inside to sleep in front of the fire place , which he had obviously decided to do that night . 
  now , here 's a very important detail that may very well have led to the incident . 
  my dad left for melbourne for the weekend , and left me home alone . 
  usually he would let the cat out , however , because he left very early ( around 5 in the morning ) my cat must n't have wanted to go outside , so he left him there . 
  it 's about 11 am now , and i wake up to this * terrible * smell , like milk that has gone bad mixed in with shit . 
  i looked around my room , and could n't find anything . 
  i looked all through the hallway , and all the rooms , but there was nothing !, 
  i decided , fuck it , and sprayed in my room and sat at my computer . 
  here 's where i ** really ** fucked up . 
  i pulled my blanket onto myself , as it was very cold this morning . 
  as i did this , i felt something which was about room temperature smudge all up my arm and chest . 
  i looked down , and lo and behold , a greeny brown , stinking mess was all over me . 
  i got up , gagging , threw my blanket to the floor , and jumped straight into the shower . 
  i threw up instantly , which only made the smell worse . 
  quickly , i washed most of the shit off with the pressure from the shower head , got out of the shower , grabbed a can of deodorant and sprayed the shit ( hehe ) out of the bathroom . 
  i promptly jumped back into the shower , and washed my self about three times over with soap and body wash . 
  that 's the major fuck up out of the way , now , onto the other , possibly more disgusting fuck up . 
  when i had gotten dressed , i grabbed my blanket off the floor . 
  keep in mind , this blanked still had a smudged green colored slimy streak of shit on it , which smelled like death . 
  so , i 'm walking through the house with this , gagging every second step i take , when i finally make it to the back door . 
  i slide it open , and throw the blanket on the ground . 
  as i 'm doing this , my cat is watching me with a blank stare . 
  time to find a hose . 
  as i 'm following the hose , trying to find the end of the hose , i look back at the blanket and one of my dogs is standing over it sniffing it . 
  she 's just standing there , nose buried in it , breathing it all in . 
  i shout at her to get away , which she promptly does . 
  once i find the end of the hose , i head over and turn the tap on . 
  once it 's on full pressure , i turn towards my blanket again , and there 's my fucking dog , * licking * the shit off the blanket . 
  she was fucking eating it !, 
  i yell at her to go away , and squirt the hose at her , which makes her run off . 
  i start spraying the blanket , getting as much shit off the blanket as i possibly can . 
  it forms a puddle of shit water in a small crease in the blanket . 
  i head inside for about five minutes to let it dry off a bit in the sun . 
  inside , the smell was still lingering . 
  i decided to look around my room a bit more , however thankfully i did n't need to clean up any more messes . 
  instead i sprayed down my room and the hallway . 
  now , i head back outside , and what do i see ? 
  the same dog , drinking the shit water . 
  i kid you not , she was fucking drinking it . 
  i wanted to vomit . 
  i shooed her off , tip out the shit water , and threw my blanket into the washing machine , where i washed it , spin dried it , and then washed it again , just to be sure . 
  it is currently drying in front of the fire place . 
  hopefully it will be dry by the time i go to bed , otherwise i will posting another fuck up about catching hypothermia :(, 
  tl ; dr cat shit on blanket , blanket shit on me , dog ate and drank shit . 
  has anybody else come across them ? 
  i 've just played a game with one , who was just running around one shotting everyone a pistol . 
  i 've also seen countless people getting banned . 
  does anybody know if this will ban them from the full game as well ( assuming they 're on their main account ) ? 
  [ removed ], 
  hey guys , so i 've just gotten back into multiplayer with a few mates after a 5 month break . 
  now , i absolutely adore this game , as do my friends , and we will play this all day and all night . 
  so , the problem is this . 
  if you 're joining someones game , you will see `` phantom '' ore deposits . 
  these do n't exist . 
  you will fall through them , and the host ca n't see them . 
  you ca n't even drill into them . 
  now , i ca n't actually see the hosts ore deposits either , until i drill into them ... 
  this is a pretty big problem . 
  this basically means i ca n't search for any ores without the host being there . 
  now , drilling into this ore deposit will also reveal any nearby ore deposits ( within about 1 km ) . 
  we have n't tested this on the moon or asteroids , however i doubt it will be a problem , as the ores that spawn in the ground on earth can be found by both players . 
  sorry if this has been posted before , we did some searching around and could n't find anything on it . 
  hopefully if anyone comes across the problem again , they will find this thread and at least know how to sort of fix it . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  as soon as i joined the ts that they told me to join , i heard the end of a rant from the host about how he supports genocide in the middle east , which although it was kinda weird to hear , was kind of funny , as i did n't think he was serious ... as i found out later , i may be wrong about that . 
  the admin was constantly berating people who were at war , or people who were getting ready for war , calling them `` fucking knob heads '' , and `` bellends '' . 
  france lost the war in 1938 , as they did n't properly prepare , which as the allies , we were fine with , as we were all just playing to have fun . 
  the admin however , was n't having any of it ( he was playing as russia , and was n't in any wars at this point ) and kicked france from the game , as well as america ( who was trying to take venezuela ) . 
  he then called them `` fuck heads '' and banned them from the ts . 
  the rest of us ( the allies ) left the game shortly after , which we all felt really bad for as there were another 10 people in the axis . 
  as my first proper multiplayer game , this has left a really bad taste in my mouth , as i just wasted almost 3 hours of my life . 
  is this what most games are like , or was this just bad luck ? 
  want to play a major . 
  need experience playing a major to play as a major . 
  as the title says , i have n't bought the dlc , but i can play with the focuses in single player . 
  as far as i know , this is n't meant to happen ? 
  is this a bug , or have i been getting my facts wrong ? 
  edit : after some further testing , it appears this is a bug . 
  if you join a multiplayer game running the dlc , * click on any nation * ( not sure if this step is needed ) and then leave the game , start a single player game up and choose a commonwealth nation , you will be able to play with the dlc . 
  i can only assume this a bug . 
  i thought this was fixed this patch ? 
  my mate and i got on the game extremely excited , started up a multiplayer game on the earth planet , only to realise that ores above ground are still broken for the connected client . 
  anyone got any idea when this will be fixed ? 
  edit : i 'm talking about the ore deposits that spawn inside the rocks above ground . 
  they 're still not appearing for people connecting to the host . 
  i took a 7-8 month break last year after the oceanic community died . 
  are there any cullers from our area coming back to this fantastic game ? 
  xaviant , you 've fucked the game up . 
  as a long time fan of the game ( been playing on and off since the first week ) i hate what the game 's become . 
  it 's basically `` left click until dead '' . 
  there used to be skill involved in combat .
