  looks a bit like the french exchange student from the inbetweeners . 
  pretty fucked you ca n't go to the hospital for something like that without spending hundreds , maybe thousands of dollars . 
  glad i 'm from a country with proper healthcare . 
  i 'm not sure how this is trashy . 
  it seems they 're at a party with their mates just having a good time . 
  i 'd find this hilarious if one of my friends did this . 
  edit : i 'll take the downvotes , but you guys need to lighten the fuck up . 
  is lube something that circumcised men need ? 
  i 'm uncircumcised , so i 've never had the need to use lubricant . 
  the few times i have used it have been messy and uncomfortable . 
  that must be pretty fucking annoying . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'd get used to it after a while but fuck man , it 'd be annoying for the first few months, 
  yeah , reading through this thread is almost as hilarious as the gif . 
  i do n't use this term often , but i 'm going to use it now ... people are getting fucking * triggered * in this thread . 
  the costume is one the funniest costumes i 've ever seen . 
  this was during high school . 
  i got partnered up with this chick in science class , who was quite hot . 
  we were at the back of the class , just sort of goofing around , when she picks up a test tube and starts slowing `` wanking '' it off , while looking into my eyes . 
  i just laughed and then sat down on my stool , while trying to conceal my boner . 
  looking back at the moments i had with her , there were quite a few times that make it obvious she was into me . 
  she was one of the more popular girls , so i did n't think she 'd be into me . 
  fuck man , i wish could go back in time and make a move . 
  always did have the hots for her . 
  huh , thanks for the tips . 
  i never thought about putting td 's into my inf . 
  thanks, 
  he just likes winning . 
  he 's a very competitive person , so he 'll take any advantage he can get , even if it means it 's a roll over without any proper resistance . 
  i 've had arguments with him about it , but he does n't care . 
  it 's gotten to the point where i sometimes wo n't go russia , because it 's a waste of my time . 
  but yeah , he 's a cunt . 
  but that 's not the case at all . 
  i 've seen the axis absolutely smash the allies while playing it historically . 
  also , it 's a lot more fun for everybody if germany actually gives russia a chance , rather than just rolling over them as soon as possible . 
  i 've sent a request to you , if you ever want to play . 
  we 're in australia , so our schedules might differ , but hey , if we 're ever online at the same time , i 'll let ya know !, 
   were supposed to hate north korea , but they have never attacked or invaded another country, 
  yes they have . 
  they invaded south korea , thus kicking off the korean war . 
  awww man , i was getting so turned on by it too !, 
  just love me a baby giraffe coming out of a vagina . 
  been signed up since the original waves , still no key : /, 
  i 'm a massive fan of the game , i hope i get one in the next wave . 
  edit : got a key !, 
  thanks so much / u/oscar-nein, 
  wot, 
  i got really lucky and got a key off one of the developers . 
  maybe you 'll have some luck if you message them ? 
  you must have the wrong person . 
  i 'm gavin_freedom . 
  sorry man . 
  he did n't even change the title . 
  if he 'd have changed the title it would have shown he 'd put in a * tiny * bit of effort . 
  but then what would rhyme with board ? 
  o __ o, 
  recuse . 
  meaning he 's taken himself off all investigations . 
  shit man , i was 8 years old when at worlds end came out and i still ca n't believe it 's been that long . 
  yeah man , i do n't know how all these cunts are doing it . 
  poor thing looks like it 's just eaten and is trying to digest its food . 
  yeah , massive balls dragging a snake by the tail behind a boat , where it ca n't fight back . 
  you could do some space marines , and you 'll smash through them . 
  7 arty , 12 marines 1 htd . 
  not sure if there are htd 's in the great war . 
  if not , then just put a normal tank in there . 
  i read a book full of short stories based in the halo universe . 
  2 really stuck with me . 
  the first was one where the brutes were hunting people down and keeping them like cattle so they could eat them , and the second one , which was my favorite of the 2 , was the story of the mona lisa . 
  i wo n't spoil it for you , but basically it was an eerie `` ghost ship '' drifting through space . 
  [ i 've only been able to find the video version of it , which is basically the same thing , but with , well , video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36htq2sogde ), 
  i highly recommend watching or reading it . 
  ( if you can find the text , would you mind sending me a link ? 
  i have n't read it for years ) . 
  hey thanks !, 
  i 'm gon na go buy the book tomorrow . 
  glad i could help you out , 
  you know nothing about schizophrenia ... 
  you obviously know the stereotypes , as your original comment shows , but your original comment also shows that you know very little about what schizophrenia is actually like . 
  perhaps do a little bit of research on the topic before you make an outrageous claim . 
  that is their goal ... 
  i wo n't go in depth , as i just woke up , but basically they believe they 'll be surrounded by the roman empire ( america ) who will kill them until there 's only a few hundred isis members alive . 
  at this point , jesus will turn up and annihilate the `` roman '' army . 
  he will then lead the muslims to victory . 
  pretty crazy stuff . 
  how are they bad a stopping them ? 
  i know i 'm going against the reddit circle jerk where all government agencies are useless , but they honestly are n't . 
  i 'm sure there are countless plots we do n't hear about . 
  you only hear about the ones that slipped through the cracks , which is honestly quite rare . 
  because the people who try and steal his punchline are terrible at it . 
  * cough * weaboos * cough *, 
  fly me out to wherever you are and i 'll give you the best 20 seconds of footage reddit has ever seen . 
  i 'm still getting around 200 fps throughout the game , but where i am struggling is calling my role in casual games . 
  the game wont let me type for about 5 seconds after joining the lobby , so i 'm stuck with support every game . 
  people dislike episodes without tons of zombie kills . 
  i personally loved this episode . 
  australian net sucks man . 
  i have the fastest internet possible where i live ( until the nbn comes through ) and it 'd still take me around 8-10 hours to download the demo . 
  yeah man , ca n't wait till april .
