  have you been here since the start ? 
  the culling was much better before . 
  i 've been patient for almost a year , only ever giving positive feed back and constructive criticism . 
  the way the game is now is an absolutely pathetic excuse for a game . 
  the devs do n't listen to the community at all . 
  they put on a face and say they 're listening , but the changes to the game say otherwise . 
  i love the dev team as people , but as a development team , they 've made extremely questionable decisions ever since the release of the game . 
  instead of trying to fix the issues of the game , they completely changed it , for the worse . 
  i can tell you have n't had to put up with the terrible patches since the start , or you would have agreed with me . 
  as someone who 's suffered with anxiety my whole life , this is the perfect analogy . 
  that 's his point ( i think ), 
  i 've been matched against the same few people , and have even been beaten by them quite a few times . 
  the point is , combat is n't as good as it used to be . 
  i do n't like bashing the devs , as i fucking love each and every one of them , but sometimes you need to tell people how it is . 
  obviously plenty of people have said it before me , and plenty of people will say it after me , but combat needs to change back to what it was , because what it was , was near perfect . 
  i 'm not too sure about that . 
  i 'd need a proper article to back it up , but it 'd make sense . 
  again though , not taking this as truth . 
  got anything more on it ? 
  there 's still strategy in combat , the point is that combat is n't fun , and does n't take `` much '' skill . 
  good for you on not abandoning the game . 
  i was kinda forced into it , seeing as oceania died . 
  i was n't able to play around september due to some personal things . 
  perhaps there have been better patches since the first few , i was only giving an example of the patch i played the most , and that i most enjoyed . 
  i always thought it was an egg , [ but i got my knowledge from karl pilkington ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txrtxdearpu ) so ... 
  the mank twat, 
  / u/rubixguy actually just posted a link to you speaking about it . 
  listening to some of your points does put some light on subject . 
  it 's disappointing that [ if this is true ] it 's happened like this . 
  you do n't want to come to australia then mate :p, 
  ahaha , that 's the cold part of aus !, 
  it 's going to bring out the best in people , however , also the worst . 
  we can already see that over at r/the _ donald . 
  ^ that 's not a dig at all trump supporters , just the ones that hang out on that sub . 
  a mosque was shot up . 
  it 's literally all over the front page, 
  do n't even fucking try to make hitler into a good guy . 
  his own generals tried on multiple occasions to kill him . 
  as soon as the general populace inevitably would have found out about it , there would have been revolts . 
  and germany never could have won the war anyway . 
  even if america had never entered , germany would have inevitably lost . 
  the war might have gone on for a few more years , with more lives lost , but he never could have won . 
  oh , well canada had better ban muslims then . 
  because , the longer the war raged on , the less equipment germany had compared to its enemies . 
  it is simply a case of logistics . 
  america and the soviet union had 8 times the production capacity combined when compared to germany , and britain had twice that of germany . 
  the longer the war raged on , the less equipped german soldiers would be . 
  anyone who says hitler could have won if he had n't invaded the su is also extremely misinformed . 
  germany * needed * to take down russia in order to increase their production and food stores . 
  an invasion of germany by the su was also unavoidable . 
  it 'd be extremely likely that once germany was weakened by the west , russia would have come in to clean up . 
  now , let 's say germany had n't declared war on america . 
  they 'd still be supplying russia and the uk . 
  iirc there were a large amount of sherman tanks on the eastern front , sent by america and britain . 
  these largely influenced the russian war effort . 
  america would have joined the war anyway . 
  they were being pressured by allied nations , britain in particular , to join the war . 
  give it another year or 2 , and america almost definitely would have joined . 
  i do n't see any way that germany could have won , unless they could somehow see into the future . 
  * if there 's any typos or misinformation in this , i apologise . 
  it 's 5am right now , and i 'm tired . 
  * all the above information is also just some info i 've learned over the years . 
  i have n't got any degrees or whatnot in ww2 , so take everything i 've said with a grain of salt . 
  if you really want some proper info , you 'll need to google it , or read some books on it . 
  i mean , it should n't drive you into being more religious . 
  critical thought etc should be what drives you to or away from atheism . 
  is this the witcher 3 ? 
  why does it look so dated ? 
  because , our countries had a deal . 
  by him insulting the deal , and insulting our prime minister , the cunt has insulted australia as a whole . 
  this fuckwit is willing to hurt our century long alliance because of his backwards policies . 
  australians have literally bent over backwards to help america throughout the years , and trump wo n't even acknowledge it . 
  i 'm not sure how the yanks managed to elect such a fucking idiot into their most powerful position , but they need to fix this asap . 
  iirc that site 's basically `` pay and you 'll be at the top '' . 
  the ranking system on that has nothing to do with quality . 
  because i find it hard to believe that you have n't payed any money to be up there . 
  thanks so much !, 
  would you recommend i fix the suspension band ? 
  i might leave it as it is , and if it starts to annoy me , i 'll take it into a professional , because the screw looks extremely worn . 
  thanks for your help . 
  i 'm not sure how this is funny . 
  it 's honestly sad that such a horrible person effected the people around them to this extent . 
  get your stinking paws off me , you damned dirty ape !, 
  that 's fucking weird . 
  seems like you may be mentally ill . get some help dude , that 's not a healthy mindset . 
  hey , i live in mildura too !, 
  weird to see somebody from my home town on reddit . 
  no , he seems like someone who has come to terms with the fact that he fucked up . 
  ohhh good idea . 
  this did n't even cross my mind !, 
  i 'll give it a go . 
  cheers, 
  as an aussie who turned 18 a little under a month ago , i went out clubbing and drinking with my mates . 
  yeah , but being suppressed and hearing bullets whizzing past you should make you go prone and relocate at the very least . 
  i literally met my first fiend yesterday . 
  scared the shit out of me . 
  can they pop up randomly throughout the world , or only during missions ? 
  you can literally google a list of things he 's done . 
  even back in the mw2 days he was a complete cunt . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're sticking up for him .
