roma do n't care about prison . 
  most of them see it as a source to brag with . 
  are you serious ? 
  people with red hair being made fun of ? 
  the council in my area has had to make something like 2 million worth of cuts in a year . 
  they 've had to practically half the amount of staff working there , among other things . 
  the cuts really do show , we 've had to borrow people from other councils for work when it 's needed . 
  edit : worth mentioning that my council is in a rural area , with spending not being that high before . 
  i do n't see any flag ... 
  doing anything on thursday ? 
  mind if we drop by for tea ? 
  occupy bulgaria, 
  no , there 's a waste facility in cumbria . 
  may have a lower gdp , but we are recovering much faster than most of europe . 
  we are also set to overtake germany in the next 20-30 years . 
  france is stagnating , germany is being held back - i 'll keep the pound , thanks . 
  then why use it as an argument ? 
  no , you just do n't give them permanent residency , and then reassess the situation when it has improved . 
  i do n't know , look at italy and bavaria . 
  actually , both english and scottish commoners were against the union in the first place . 
  but nooooo , evil english and their imperialistic ways . 
  actually , and i know it 's a shocker , but a fair few english people would wish to remain part of the eu . 
  if she tries to come back , just chuck her in prison . 
  charles may not be hugely popular , but william is very popular , probably almost equally to elizabeth . 
  lots of emmas and marias . 
  yes , it 's never been common among the lower classes . 
  seems rather anecdotal . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek%e2%80%93turkish_earthquake_diplomacy relevant article . 
  can i come ? 
  when something like 85 % of the conservative party has been to private school , its kinda obvious who he is catering to . 
  if he gets voted back in i 'm leaving . 
  i was most surprised about the fact the the english people were more likely to describe themselves as english than wales , and were close to scotland . 
  you can thank the tories for most of that shit . 
  i did n't vote them in , and it makes me sad . 
  independence for brummies pls . 
  stop reading the daily mail . 
  depends on the uni , i think . 
  yep , during the recession our uni fees rose from roughly # 3k to # 9k . 
  yes , this is n't required to be paid up front or anything , and most universities detract it from future pay checks when you earn over # 25k or something , so it 's not as bad as it seems here , i believe it 's also capped at # 9k max as well , however i detest these upper class fucks who believe that education should only be for the rich . 
  the government keeps trying to cut bursaries ( a sum of money to help your living costs , it can be up to # 1,500 a year ) but they cut ema , which was a certain amount of money given to you to help with travel costs every week # 10 - # 30 a week and it all stinks of upper class superiority . 
  and the welsh . 
  the royal family is n't that popular here . 
  labour could have got some big support by drawing attention to this . 
  it 's a shame because i vote labour . 
  miliband needs to get his shit together . 
  not to mention youth unemployment of 56 %, 
  he said people :-), 
  ignore him , he 's had a bad day . 
  spain is n't some minuscule market compared to the uk you know ... 
  is n't the average cost of a beer like # 7 in oslo ? 
  i blame thatcher . 
  just because that 's the government 's views , does n't mean it 's the general public 's views . 
  we vote them in , and that 's it . 
  we have very little choice over what they do next . 
  i 'm not sure about the welsh , but we 're also not very patriotic either . 
  i agree , being british is mostly based on opinion rather than location . 
  no , that 's cameron 's politics . 
  we 're not nordic . 
  it even says on the wiki article `` not to be confused with nordic '' . 
  i did n't know he held that opinion though , i wonder why scotland or pretty much any part of the u.k possibly excluding the orkney/shetland islands would have any reason t be considered nordic ? 
  it 's interesting , because the uk and ireland are often classed as both northern and western depending on the situation . 
  for example , the united nations classes the usual norway/sweden/denmark / finland as northern , but also the uk and ireland and the baltics . 
  people only say that we 're similar because we speak the same language . 
  yeah , i find that friends are mostly made through school/hobbies rather than random conversation . 
  what 's your opinion on the different regions ( and peoples ? ), 
  of austria ? 
  well , most people go to bars to be sociable . 
  would n't be very good if everyone sat there drinking quietly . 
  i dunno , in the uk people do n't usually speak to you unless they have a reason to . 
  i could count the number of times i 've spoken to random people on the bus on two hands , using the bus 5 days a week for most of the year . 
  i think some people watch too much jerome kyle, 
  you mean you do n't like a cold , dark hell ? 
  austria , although i do n't know any german . 
  ah ... beautiful finnmark !, 
  yeah , they reckon that if france had n't had the low birthrates in the 19th and 20th centuries , they would be sitting at around 110 million people by now . 
  it 's obviously not about that . 
  spain just wants to flex its corruption muscles . 
  even if scotland remains in the union , i 'd like a redesign to include the welsh flag . 
  as well as mellila . 
  no , it 's just an attempt by an unpopular government to acquire votes in any means possible . 
  the tories recently made gay marriage legal , despite it being a very anti try thing to do ( a large amount of conservatives voted against ) . 
  you can also go to university with the qualifications from level 3 vocational subjects, 
  it 's one of the reasons i will never support ukip . 
  they propose to bring academies back . 
  it basically means all he smart children go to one school , and the less academic children go to another . 
  it 's basically segregation of children with different intelligence . 
  it 's usually used as a way to try to get easy votes from unpopular parties . 
  like the conservatives in the uk . 
  most places , yes . 
  if the eu does n't grow some balls in their policies ( no offence meant ) then i 'd say it 's likely that the uk will leave . 
  it 's unlikely that the scottish parliament will be given more powers , the prime minister is pushing for an in/out referendum , not devolution . 
  i live in england and it 's true . 
  the welsh have their pride , as do the scottish and northern irish . 
  a fair amount of people nowadays do n't really consider themselves english , only british . 
  i assume it 's because they do n't want to risk it going higher . 
  # 9,000 a year . 
  you better not run with them though . 
  probably the same as i did the actual general elections , which was lib dem . 
  it 's pretty clear if you bothered to do your research instead of posting anti-british statements . 
  beating your children is n't legal .
