it 's funny , people advocating for massive immigration/open border policy are often very left-leaning , yet they argue for their cause by bringing up purely economistic points , as if society would resemble a company and its only purpose is to generate profits - whatever fits the narrative . 
  btw. , i even doubt that immigration has a positve net effect in econimc terms if you consider the long time effects such as decreasing social cohesion . 
   native germans are having a disastrous birth rate i guess this is something germany unfortunately has in common with most european countries , including yours . 
  we do n't need immigrants in general , we ( and i would rather call it business elites ) may need skilled workers - and i 'm not even shure about that , as there are ~ 3mio unemployed germans at the moment and wages did n't increase significantly . 
  i would n't argue about ( german ) business interests being a main driver of eu-integration , but be assured that there are many downsides for regular germans , including massive immigration into our welfare system . 
  definitely , the  1.2 mio . 
  highly skilled people arriving last year just are n't enough . 
  sure , but it 's worth it . 
  brexit can be attributed to a high degree on sentiments against immigration and the incapability to deal with this issue . 
  merkel 's open-border policy stoked those fears . 
  by no means she or her policies are solely responsible , but it added to the overall picture . 
  as for the sentiments of eastern-european countries , mainly visegrad-members , check the news . 
  do it as the australians do . 
  ... and brexit ? 
  and an even more torn appart eu , with eastern-european countries feeling dominated once more by germany ? 
  because that is exactly what merkel 's policy created . 
  it would be helpful if you could back up your claims with actual excerpts of their party platform . 
  both destinations are not comparable , they attract different demographics and customer groups . 
  hence they do n't cannibalize each other . 
  in fact , tourism is booming esp . 
  in this region , and r\u00fcgen is a gem . 
  while i am sceptical about the the success of this particular project , lots of people are looking for a safe haven for their money in the germany real estate market . 
  challenging the political views of others , even attacking these views straight and aggressive , of course . 
  but i would n't be ok with creating a climate in which somebody has to fear loosing his job for being associated with afd , for example . 
  in case you find the latter acceptable ( i am not implying this ) you are in my opinion acting against the democratic values you are pretending to defend , hence you are part of the problem . 
  it 's not up to you or me to define the difference between far-right/far-left and extremism on both sides . 
  acceptance and loyalty to grundgesetzt and it 's values is the only factor that matters . 
  you do n't have to like any of both sides , but they have every right to participate in political processes . 
  if you ca n't accept this , you are part of the problem . 
  your last sentence applies to almost every ballot in the history of the grand coalition . 
  nevertheless , she sometimes managed to show up and take part in the voting process . 
  given your information , i can only guess , but concerning erdogan and his party men , i would n't underestimate factors such as personal vanity and a longing for respect and dominance . 
  after all , most autocrats have a tendency to take politics very personal . 
  come on , you know very well the strong symbolic meaning of both of them not taking part in the ballot , especially when dealing with such a delicate issue and people like erdogan involved . 
  for people like erdogan , it is all about symbolism . 
  merkel could n't oppose the resolution for obviouse reasons ( she might even support it ) , all she could do to appease erdogan and safe her deal was not taking part in the ballot . 
  * how do you define integration ? 
  how do you test if someone is integrated and is qualified for citizenship ? 
  * if said test is mainly based on economic criterion , how do you make shure that a new citizen is not pursuing the shift of political views that user dermac is concerned about ? 
  * how do you treat children of people that do n't qualifie for citizenship ? 
  denying them citizenhsip ? 
  * what does it mean for a socitety and its internal cohesion if large parts of said society are not citizens , but only second grade `` inhabitants '' without full voting-rights etc. ? 
  * and would n't these non-citizes and their ideas somehow influence society and its values , even without voting right ? 
  `` refugees and most immigrants ca n't vote ! '', 
  so tell me , what is your actual plan in how to deal with immigrants/refugees ? 
  deporting them after some years ? 
  integrating them into society ? 
  integrating them without granting them citizenship and voting rights ? 
  how is that possible and how would that be fair and compatible with your/our democratic standards ? 
  of course he is far-right . 
  there is nothing wrong with holding a far-right political view . 
  but your intention to associate him with the twisted mindset and views of a nazi band are unfair and dishonest . 
  `` refugees welcome '' and the open/anti-border stance was initially and until midyear 2015 a slogan and a policy mainly associated with far-left , anarchist movements . 
  if it is fair to assume gaulands political stance on the ground of him using the same slogan as the band you mentioned , can we assume bild , several media outlets and political figures of cdu and spd are associated with the anarchist movement because they used the above mentioned slogan and pursued open-border policy ? 
  it may not be true , but given the fact that neither merkel nor gabriel took part in the initial ballot , it seems somehow possible . 
  i 'm shure spiegel as one of the best connected media outlets had credible indications that something was planned . 
  wrong !, 
  merkel did not vote for it , neither merkel nor gabriel participated in the initial ballot . 
  they are spineless , and it makes me think they would easily perform such an opportunistic move if they would n't have to expect a massive public outcry . 
  sounds like a pc-dystopia , in germany we are not quite there but maybe on the way . 
  i thought the situation in sweden got better since they implemented stricter laws , did n't your politicians announce a strict border policy and plans to deport some of the 190k + migrants from 2015 ? 
  what happened to these announcements ? 
  is there a war going on in any country that borders europe ? 
  was n't aware of this ... and do n't tell me the people you mentioned had to flee libya . 
  your argument is flawed . 
  `` gastarbeiter '' does not exclusively refer to turks , people from spain , italy etc. 
  were also part of this migration . 
  circumstances were comparable , and the german society expected them to remigrate , too . 
  when polish people migrated up from the 90s , there were also no efforts to integrate them . 
  today , we have large italian , spanish or polish communities , but there are no problems with them . 
  their suggestions are useless , maybe even harmful , because some are further restricting personal freedom of germans . 
  and they mostly wo n't be implemented , because cdu/csu do n't have the majorities needed to do it , it is just a show . 
  i would prefer them to admit that they fucked up by supporting merkel 's policy and to adress the core of the problem , which in my opinion is a failed immigration policy . 
  thanks , i 'm reading a bit into the whole story , interesting and apparently almost as bizzare as the building that came out of it . 
  what a bizarre building , does it serve any actual purpose ? 
  trying to solve self-made ( or at least intensified ) problems . 
  i honestly like your blatant elitist stance on the issue , fuck those cruise ship passengers, 
  thank you for the elaborate response , i somehow get your stance . 
  and i get that afd is generaly unelectable for a left-leaning person , even though i do n't agree on many of the points you mentioned about them . 
  i also tend to disagree on the issue of said `` humanisarian decision '' , which is in my opinion much more a narrative to cover up merkel 's personal failure , misjudgment and opportunism . 
  election in 2017 will be a hard decision for you , choose wisely , 
  could you please provide sources regarding your claims of afd being anti-vaccine ? 
  it is not part of their platform , and i did not find any evidence that such a policy would be pursued . 
  climate change is not being openly denied , but they seem to emphasize alternative scientific approaches - while this could be a problematic aspect , it does not outweigh the beneficial parts of their program . 
  the scandal regarding the statements of petry/storch highlights a special hypocrisy of the german public . 
  besides the stupidity of wording , nowhere did they demand to intentionaly shoot refugees - while this is actually happening on the turkish and bulgarian borders , partially as a result of merkel 's policy and her deals with erdogan . 
  gauland said some bullshit , it is fair to adress this and to hold him responsible for it . 
  sch\u00e4uble said something along the line like europeans needed refugees to prevent the degeneration of their gene pool , being the first politician to take the whole issue on the biologicstic level - where was the public outcry and are you demanding people not to vote cdu ? 
  the fatal aspect of your statement is not primarily the blatant generalisation ( same level as : gr\u00fcne are a party with pedophiles and meth addicts in their ranks ) , but much more the inherent moment of a deconstructive self-fulfilling prophecy , as seen in the case of gedeon ( as you seem to refer to him ) . 
  when he was nominated for his position on the party list for the election in bw , he was replacing an alternative candidate , `` b\u00fcrgerlich '' , maybe old-school cdu-style , who would have been prefered by the party members . 
  but said candidate was not willing to do the job , because he feared being publicly shamed and loosing his reputation . 
  so they ended up with gedeon . 
  not an excuse for nominating this guy , but it illustrates the mechanisms of how a party is sistematically dumbed-down and negatively altered by giving it a bad reutation . 
  checked you post history out of interest , and there is something i do n't get . 
  your post seems to indicate that you generaly share my concerns about the policy of merkel et al. 
  but you seem to strongly condemn afd and its ideas . 
  do you honestly expect something to change for the better without a strong right-wing party applying pressure on the other parties ? 
  believe me , she comprehends very well . 
  what baffles me is that german voters do n't seem to get it . 
  i feel you .
