  there are very few us products here . 
   it 's basically a copypasta like that navy seals thing , just as plausible . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the kommando spezialkr\u00e4fte , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on the refugee camps , and i have over 1,945 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire eu ( one swiss guy is better than me ) . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this europe , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the europe and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , dutchbag . 
  the rain that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over one thousand nine hundred forty five ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the bundeswehr and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the union , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` social democratic '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn belgian . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , otto . 
  what did i do wrong ? 
  i did n't even vote for the guy lol i just said that a czech can not talk down to anybody about being western . 
  i feel the same way about erdo\u011fan . 
  he has been in power since 2002 and has done both good and bad , but we are now at the point where he is doing much more bad than good . 
  our government is shit . 
  when isis declared war on our government , people joked `` i do n't know which side to support '' i know a lot of turks who would literally support anybody . 
  even the secular military tried to overthrow the government for the only other leader we couls unite behind : a sunni cleric, 
  dude , are you denying his europeanness ? 
  oh , how dare you !, 
  he knows many true europeans !, 
  this !, 
  every piece of land ever was stolen from somebody at one time . 
  it 's not like emmanuel macron legally purchased his country 's land from the roman empire . 
  it looks like [ this ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/news/photos/000/724/72466.jpg ) . 
  it is separate from the rest of the clothes . 
  it 's not legally required like it is in other countries , but it is tradition . 
  it is mostly older people who wear it . 
  i do not trust them to cover everything , but i trust most of what they do say . 
  there are a few with biases and agendas ( like trt and sabah ) , and i trust them less , but i still mostly believe in the truth of what they report . 
  however , i do not trust them at all in political news . 
  stupid eu people who get paid enough to skip sunday !, 
  :( here it 's 09:15 . 
  he posted his last comment 3 hours ago , so it would be around 6 ( or 4 in the west ) . 
  i doubt that he goes to bed in the morning . 
  on the other hand , it was i think 20:00 on the west coast of the us . 
  anyway , let 's find out when he responds !, 
   are you denying my europeanness ? 
  your history makes you seem like a young american pretending to be european . 
  do you know any other languages ? 
  what country are you from ? 
  edit : and if you 're in a european time zone , you should be responding soon . 
  dude , i had a friend who died in an isis attack . 
  but surely donald trump is just as bad , because he disagrees with you politically !, 
  / s  do n't call me a troll i do n't believe you are a troll . 
  you are truly mentally challenged . 
   if the greek revolution for independence and other balkan independence movements happened now in 2017 and not in the 1800 's the scumbag west also would have qualified those movements as terrorist movements sorry , i do n't remember the greeks targeting civilians in the 1800s . 
  do you know when i do remember greeks targeting turkish civilians ? 
  the attempted greek occupation after world war 1 . 
  and guess which side the west took in that conflict . 
   also the tsk massively impacts civilians , probably much more than the kurdish national liberation movement who have no tanks , artillery , apcs , fighter jets , bombers , etc. 
  infact according to a recent report 355,000 to half a million were displaced just from july 2015 to december 2016 that is not the fault of tsk . 
  the reason those people left is that the pkk is creating conflict . 
  if a terrorist group was fighting near where you lived , would n't you also want to leave ? 
   the war criminal tsk proudly posing in the destroyed kurdish majority city of nusaybin how about * the war criminal greeks proudly posing in the destroyed turkish majority city of izmir * ? 
  do you disagree with that , too ? 
   alot of world armies have reduced cities to rubble , but far as i know only your ultra-nationalist buyuk mothercrap turkiye , has had their soldiery posing with flags that can cover a huge portion of five story buildings ... 
  yes , we like our flag . 
  this is because * our * flag does not resemble the us airways logo . 
  also because our economy allows for those flags to be produced , and the factory workers do n't have problems withdrawing money from the atm . 
  `` ultra-nationalist '' ? 
  which country was run by a military junta until recently ? 
  and by the way , it 's spelled `` t\u00fcrkiye '' . 
  if you want to spell it the turkish way , at least put effort into writing the \u00fc . 
  religion - i do n't know how to answer this . 
  `` traditionally '' this republic was secular , and i support that . 
  but now the tradition seems to be more religious , and i am not a part of that . 
  food - turkish food here is the cheapest and most available , so i mostly eat that . 
  but i do like going to other countries and trying the food . 
  fashion - i 'm not into traditional ottoman fashion but i do mostly wear what people wear now ( except i do n't cover my hair ) . 
  gestures - yes . 
  i guess this just comes down to our different beliefs . 
  you may think society should be based on individual ethnic groups , each with minority rights . 
  i want a society where somebody 's ethnicity is ignored , and it 's just one nation shared by everybody . 
  ( i personally consider every citizen of this country to be just turkish , period . ), 
  it 's just a political disagreement . 
  have a good day , 
   weakening the opressors moral by attacking civilians that does not happen . 
  instead , the rest of the country is now united against them . 
   whats the last time an christian or an atheist mowed down people with a truck for a pedophile in the sky ? 
  santa claus . 
  he is a very careless driver , and he 's christian meaning he 's associated with the pedophiles in the catholic church . 
  exactly . 
  thank you . 
  the average turk has nothing to do with the `` oppression '' . 
  it would be like if i killed you because your banks help people to evade taxes . 
  and the killing of civilians does not `` break a soldiers mind '' . 
  it just makes them more motivated in fighting the pkk . 
  but the kurds here are still turkish citizens . 
  our government is just different in that they do n't protect anybody at all . 
  the swedish and norwegian governments still protect the sami people living there . 
  just like here , where they are treated like any other turkish citizen . 
  also , where would a kurdish state even be ?
