  the issue i have is that people seem to think that the uk leaving the eu would make it irrelevant , which is , as i 've said before , absurd given the size of the uk economy and relative influence globally . 
   you say it would have more liberty , which is true to some extent but not as much as you think , and i believe the voice of the uk would be extremely diminished . 
  i think a lot of brits think being `` independent '' again would improve the situation , i do n't believe china sees anything but more problems and headaches out of this , not easy trading . 
  leaving the eu is n't going to suddenly make the uk a massive global power , it is n't going to have more say than the eu does in global affairs , but it will have more influence than it currently has through the eu in some areas . 
  that is a positive thing for the uk , and given the balance between the positives of being part of the eu , and the costs , i think the uk leaving makes the most sense . 
  and yes , it will mean that china has to deal with the uk separately from the eu , which may or may not be seen as a headache by beijing , but at the end of the day , it will be simpler dealing with the uk than dealing with the eu , so it probably balances out . . 
   every time that the issue comes up that the ep could get someting to say , it 's the national governments that block it though because sovereignty . 
  so it 's a form of circular reasoning : the same people that say that the eu is n't democratic , accountable or the ep is n't influential , block any measures to give the ep more power , thereby preventing it from becoming more democratic and accountable . 
  it 's not circular reasoning , it 's a fundamental flaw . 
  the eu is n't democratic or accountable and the ep is n't influential in relation to other bodies and the member states prefer it that way ( it leaves the decision making , or at least legislative initiative broadly with them , whilst relieving them of perceived responsibility ) . 
  essentially governments can get away with using the eu to do unpopular things , or blame the eu when things do n't go their way , whilst being at least part of the reason in both instances . 
  i do n't really see how you get around that , hence referring to it as a fundamental flaw . . 
  the eu could work very well , but it does n't because we wo n't let it and it is what it is now . 
  sure , we could all get together and decide to give the eu more power and ensure that the accountability that goes with that is there too , but we are n't . 
  that 's just as frustrating for those of us who think that the solution is leaving as it is for those who think the solution is closer union by the way , i may not want the uk to be part of the eu , but if we end up remaining , i 'd rather it worked than not , and if we leave , i 'd rather see a stable and successful eu than one stuck in a quagmire of its own institutional set up too . 
  after all , it 's better when your neighbours , trading partners and allies are stable and effective . 
   it 's just not feasible to deal with the red tape that 200 \u00b2 trade agreements would give ... are you serious ? 
  we are talking about countries here that manage lots of incredibly complex operations , agreements and cooperation globally . 
  in terms of trade , it is massively complex by default . 
  you ca n't seriously be suggesting that suddenly it is unworkable for countries to have bilateral agreements on things , or indeed that having one massive and more complicated agreement with a bloc of 28 is massively better ... 
  yes , it 'd be easier and simpler if there were just a few large regional trade blocs that everything went through , of course it would , but that is n't really an argument about whether china , or anyone else would want an agreement . 
  it 's not like china is going to say ' a trade agreement with the uk ? 
  no , that 's just too complicated ... ' . 
   how delusional are you seriously ? 
  top uk exports to china are vehicles , really ? 
  yes ? 
  they were , amongst the other things i listed ... jaguar land rover ( jlr ) is the uk 's biggest exporter to china . 
  and uk exports to china were up something like 9 % last year . 
  that 's good for uk exporters ...  china is selling you massively their products , what they buy from the uk is ridiculous in comparison . 
  again , yes , the uk has a trade deficit with china . 
  no-one is disputing that , what we are talking about is how to grow the total trade with china via trade agreements ... 
  i mean , the eu has a significant trade deficit with china too . 
  maybe you are confused , i 'm not claiming that the uk and china have parity in trade , or that they need to have , i 'm saying there is a significant amount of trade and room for that to grow . 
   let 's take a minute to check what is inside the last big trade deal you signed with china . 
  you realise of course that that was n't a trade deal , it was a set of deals between china and the uk within the framework of bilateral trade that exists at the moment ( that is to say none , as there is no eu/china trade package in place ... ) . 
  and you will note that chinese direct investment into the uk has increased since too ? 
   so , please , instead of throwing stuff around and say the uk has a lot to sell to china , give me some articles and data about it . 
  because you have n't provided anything to back up your claims . 
  i said the uk traded with china , it does , take a look [ here ] or at your favourite export trade stats . 
  i 'd add that all of your linked articles also indicate both chinese investment in the uk and bilateral trade . 
  and there is significant chinese use of uk financial services ( as you also noted ) . 
  i honestly do n't know what you are so pissed off about ... 
  i 'm saying that there are opportunities for uk/chinese trade , that is n't some sort of new or surprising revelation . 
  again , the uk is a massive economy , it trades with china , it will continue to do so , a decent trade agreement would allow the uk to build on that . 
  none of that is even slightly controversial . 
   please , the uk 's gdp growth was at 2,2 % in 2015 , that 's extremely slow . 
  it 's not ` extremely slow ' it 's reasonable , it 's about the average ( if you take slumps and booms into account ) since the 50 's . 
  as i said , we are a large , mature economy , we have n't got a explosive population growth so you are n't going to see the kind of growth that china is seeing ( again , china is pulling millions of people out of poverty ... ) . 
   saying `` we both have growing economies '' when you know china had the slowest growth in 25 years and was at 6,9 % ... you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  yes ... that 's a good thing is n't it ? 
  if china and the uk had similar economies and similar needs , there would be less benefit to bilateral trade , as it is china wants export markets and has a growing middle class that wants foreign products and stable investment opportunities . 
  oh and by the by , these are exactly the same benefits that will boost chinese trade with the eu and would form the basis of any chinese/eu deal ( albeit one tailored less to any specific eu member , and more to the bloc as a whole . . ) . 
   and let 's not even talk about the next financial crisis that will happen , it 's just a question of `` when '' , which will be a massive hit to your economy ... 
  if there is another major financial crisis , it 'll be global and will hit rather a lot of countries . 
  although i think the next big issue will start in greece again , and you will note that the uk financial sector has tried quite hard to remove itself from that ( whilst other eu countries have remained somewhat more embroiled . . ) . 
  there will of course be upturns and downturns , and they will have an impact , indeed china has been dealing with its own problems , but that does n't mean international trade is n't important , or that opening and working in new markets is n't a good thing ...  and you keep explaining that the uk will somehow be finally freed from the chains of the eu , that you wo n't have to take into account the needs of 27 other countries . 
  man , if it 's not propaganda i do n't know what this is . 
  you can and you already are trading with china without asking permission from croatia or belgium , do n't worry . 
  but we ca n't put in place a trade agreement as that is an eu competency . 
  on and the eu can and has tariff and non-tariff barriers in place that the uk ca n't remove unilaterally . 
  so yes , the uk is absolutely limited in what it can do in terms of trade with china ( although it can and does trade , as other eu countries do ) . 
  and you will note that when i was talking about taking into account the needs of other eu members , that i was talking about a china eu trade deal , which would be negotiated on behalf of all eu members by the eu , vs a uk / china deal , which would be negotiated by the uk in it 's own interests . 
   and i 'm genuinely curious , what services do you have to offer to china that will massively increase trading with them ? 
  lots of them ? 
  the top uk exports to china are currently things like vehicles , pharmaceutical products , power generation equipment and other specialised industrial machinery . 
  projected growth areas are financial services as well as professional and business services , cultural exports , marine systems and equipment as well as design ( china is expanding it 's shipping . . ) , all sorts of clean manufacturing and recycling tech ( again , the chinese are focusing on that after all ) , and again , advanced manufacturing , vehicle and aircraft parts and design and no doubt a whole host of other stuff ...  because you sure do n't have an industry . 
  you 'd be wrong there ...  only services , and apart from finance i do n't see where you 'd get an improvement . 
  probably because you are n't paying attention . 
  the uk is n't a major world economy because it produces nothing and does nothing after all ... 
  i think that 's where the opportunity for the eu lies frankly . 
  there are a lot of fundamental problems that could be solved with more integration . 
  that wo n't happen with the uk in the eu , but the uk leaving may well mean the eu can push more in that direction . 
  all in , if that means there is a stable and growing eu , and it can solve the issues it faces in places like greece and with the euro generally then that has to be a good thing for both the eu as a whole , and it 's trading partners and allies like the uk . 
   that 's exactly where a lot of this is coming from , there 's a lot of english people who just ca n't stand the fact that they 're not an empire anymore , for some bizarre reason . 
  except it really is n't , you only see that from people in places like this , where the assumption is that the uk is deluded about it 's capabilities and economy . 
  what 's worse , those same people seem to think that the uk on it 's own would be relegated to the same sort of position as third world states . 
  the uk is n't a superpower , it does n't have an empire , we all know that , but it is still a massive economy with a great deal of global influence of it 's own . 
  yes the eu would be bigger and could exercise more influence ( if it ever gets it 's act together - which might actually be more likely if the uk leaves ! ), 
  but it is n't a question of the eu or the uk , countries are going to be able to trade with both . . 
   there 's another issue . 
  uk and eu are next to each other . 
  our economies are structurally quite similar . 
  this means that our interests will conflict pretty much all the time . 
  now consider the size . 
  you say that as though it is n't an issue within the eu ... 
   i am not sure if the uk would have the same negotiation power as the eu and would have to accept less favourable conditions . 
  it 's about removing barriers generally , so you have to take into account relative needs too . 
  no , the uk would n't be as big as the rest of the eu ( although it 's still a massive market and economy ) , but it also would n't have to take into account , or look to protect the interests of 27 other member states . 
  the eu is , broadly , quite protectionist the uk has generally been less so , so any agreement should actually be easier to achieve and more in line with uk interests , rather than eu interests ( of which the uks specific concerns are only a small part ) . 
   how so ? 
  why would it increase ? 
  because we both have growing economies and interests in boosting our exports and finding cheaper sources for goods for our consumers ? 
  i mean , that 's generally how you grow bilateral trade . 
   the uk will be there alone , next to the eu , the most important consumer market in the world and biggest economy in the world . 
  why would china look towards the uk ? 
  sorry but it does n't make sense at all . 
  the uk will be there alone , without the need to protect a set of wider eu interests , and still has a vast market and industry ? 
  are you under the impression that countries can only have one bilateral trade agreement each or something ? 
  as amazing as it seems , china can trade with lots of countries at once , as can the uk ( and as does the eu ... ) . 
  when the uk leaves the eu it wo n't be a case of people having to decide whether to trade with the eu or the uk , but they can instead trade with both !,
