   conversely , that is just as much an argument against having a single national parliament . 
  how often do you end up in the house of commons anyway ? 
  not much more than in the ep . 
  its the whole fucking point of a democracy . 
  i realise you 'd like a federal superstate , opinions and needs of the people it supposedly governs be damned , but frankly lots of people do n't for varying reasons and a really good reason is that access is really hard ... 
  simply dismissing it is not reasonable , yes it is easier to get a meeting with an mp than an mep , it is easier to get the support of an mp and to lobby parliament ( or a councillor , council etc. . ) . 
  on that basis alone i 'd oppose a federal eu and i 'll work towards the uk either leaving the eu , or the eu dismantling itself , but there are plenty of other good reasons too ... 
   the ep has the competence to introduce legislation like that . 
  i 'd argue that such an interpretation is far too broad and would , like the us has with the interstate commerce clause , push far too much control toward the eu where it is n't intended . 
  of course that 'll be down to national courts to decide , with the help of the member states ...  germany is constructed as a federal state , the uk is just england - completely centered on london - with scotland attached . 
  the uk is centered on london , but there are devolved powers to varying degrees of local government , from regional assemblies to various types of council . .  a proper decentralization in the uk would see many more regions with similar competences as scotland , not just one that has been offered to parts of the uk and generally been turned down by the voters , and lets be honest , there are differing degrees of devolution to local authorities and devolved assemblies so it 's a bit absurd to claim it has to be like scotland . .  evolution never halts . 
  evolution is n't in a fixed direction either . 
   as is any country , ultimately . 
  countries are sovereign the eu is n't . 
   there 's an elected parliament thing going on . 
  ca n't ignore that any more than another one . 
  a parliament that only exists on the basis of treaties , not one that has any independent sovereignty . 
   it just appears that way because we started with zero union , so naturally there 's much more opportunity for improvement by increasing cooperation rather than reducing it . 
  of course , yet the process does n't always have to mote in that direction and there is now scope for development in either direction . 
  ah , was n't thinking . . 
  most people in the uk at least . . 
   circular reasoning . 
  no . . not at all , it is n't a decision made on that level , based on the structure of the eu and the agreements that allow the eu to exist ... 
  there may be arguments to suggest that this should change , but that of course would require agreement . .  that 's not an objective fact , most governments can decentralize a lot more but do n't . 
  for example , france and the uk are a lot more centralized than germany . 
  are they ? 
  the uk has devolution for constituent countries , it has quite a few tiers of governance , as does france . 
  decision making is generally carried out as closely to the people it has an impact on as possible with discretion permitted . .  in addition , country size varies too much . 
  some countries have 6 million and are run perfectly fine , so that means that countries that are much larger could be decentralized much further . 
  they are keeping their powers at an unnecessary high level instead of empowering their regions . 
  depend on the level of devolution and where services are provided . 
  i do n't entirely see how any of that is an argument that health regulators should lose control of health at a national level ( funded , delivered and designed at that level too . . ) on the basis of trade ...  that 's what i ask : would you agree with it ? 
  do you think it 's a good idea ? 
  no , i do n't ... 
  but this is n't an existential question of what we 'd like the eu to be , it is about what the eu is now ... 
  we are an exporting nation , just not a net exporter and the aim is stability at a point that works for the economy ( which may mean a weakening or strengthening of a currency relative to others . . ) and remember that raw value ( i.e. 
  the rate of exchange between one currency unit and another ) is n't as relevant as purchasing power ... 
  the uk is the ninth biggest exporter in the world . . $ 500bn/y that 's pretty significant . 
  probably not without prejudicing it , although the exec summary sort of works . 
  if you take a look at [ this article in the frankfurter allgemeine ] ( https://www.uni-bielefeld.de/zif/fg/2012priority/f.a.z.\\ ( 07-11-2012 \\ ) . pdf ) you might get a bit more of a semi-decent overview . . * edit : url had brackets in . . fixed now *, 
   see , that 's a better argument already . 
  i can agree with that . 
  although i think that there should be a directive that non-invasive testing should be available everywhere in the eu rather than forbidden ... 
  i do n't think that the eu should be saying anything on the matter , given it is n't a decision to be made at that level . 
   the problem there is that the lowest local level possible is quite a bit smaller than the existing national governments . 
  and governments tend to break down into local governments and parish councils . . 
  there is a structure within countries with subsidiarity already built in to a large degree . 
  the eu as a paralel , multinational organisation does n't really bring anything to that , it is n't ` on top ' of national governments after all , but off to one side and only relevant to multilateral and quasi-devolved issues ...  a europe of the regions ( of a size of 5-10 million people ) has been proposed a long time ago already . 
  would you also agree with subsidiarity if it would cause the existing national states to split up their centralized institutions ? 
  not without consent . 
   you 're the one arguing that the eu should n't i am , but to be fair i 'm arguing that based on the way the eu is supposed to operate and indeed the status-quo , and i 've gone over why . .  the question is what should be , ideally , not what is now . 
  otherwise we 'd still live in duchies and counties . 
  the eu is supposed to do what we want it to do now , it is not supposed to be a vehicle for federalisation . 
   and exactly the same evolution is happening in the eu . 
  without the consent of the people that the eu is supposed to represent , you do n't think that 's a problem ? 
   it is . 
  legislation is proposed , people voice their concerns , etc. 
  if you want your concerns to be taken into account you have to make it heard . 
  that is political discourse and of course doing stuff at the eu level makes it harder for that discourse not easier . . 
   circular reasoning . 
  why should it be a national competency ? 
  why should n't it be ? 
  but . . because national governments are sovereign through the populations they represent and are closer ( politically ) to their populations . .  then why not let the village council do it if that 's the only concern ? 
  subsidiarity is great , when it is an issue at the village level then yes , let the village council do it . 
  health is a national issue , not an eu issue , national governments create and execute health policy and healthcare delivery is different across all the member states ... or do you think the eu should be responsible for delivering healthcare across the entire eu too ? 
   yes , like the house of commons usurped control from the house of lords by including a financial issue in every law ... do you think that was n't a good thing ? 
  i think it 's constitutional evolution by a body within a sovereign parliament . 
  both the lords and the commons make up one part of the same same thing . 
  the eu is n't part of that ...  democracy is hard work , is n't it  this is n't democracy either ... 
   you still have n't said why it 's more inappropriate for the eu than for a national legislator . 
  because it is n't something the eu is responsible for , because national regulators are closer to the people they serve ( politically . . ) and under control of national parliaments ... 
  they represent what the people who will access these regulated services want not the views of a much , much larger group . . plus , this is how the eu is supposed to work ...  why not ? 
  because it is a national competency . 
   sales restrictions are an eu competence . 
  it may surprise you , but reality is n't easily chopped up in national subdivisions - borders are blurry in reality , and therefore legislation that deals with reality will be fuzzy too . 
  indeed , and using trade as a way to get more and more control over other elements is a pretty well used method of creeping control , we see that in the us and other places and that is n't a good thing democratically and will push a backlash . 
  if we do n't deal with it now , it will lead to more creep . .  like there is at the eu level , if you judge the uk regulations by their drafts you 'd discover some screwups too . 
  indeed , except of course those drafts do n't generally work to try and impose regulations on areas that the regulator has no responsibility for and if we do n't object to this kind of thing now , it 'll be too late . 
  this is n't like a random bill proposed by a random minority mp , or a position paper , or even a manifesto promise . 
  this is draft legislation and it does now have to be opposed , argued against and time and effort has to be spent on lobbying to remove something that has no place there whatsoever . 
   i was arguing against the general lack of critical thinking and blanket acceptance of anything science-y by some people . 
  i 'm not sure that 's a massive problem , but i 'd agree that it 's almost as daft as the opposite . 
   i actually agree that there is no need to limit testing insofar it 's not physically burdensome . 
  i 'd argue that those limits should always come from whoever is responsible for regulating healthcare or that particular area . 
  after all those people are in the best position to determine and assess impact , that 's what they are there for . 
  if there is significant public out-cry or social opposition then it does have to be taken into account and worked through the political process , but that again should be at the most local level possible . .  no , that 's not the key point . 
  but it really is , the responsibility creep problem , especially where it damages subsidiarity means that there is now another level of hard to influence politics that has to be dealt with on top of the existing local and national stuff . 
  that 's bad enough in areas where it is supposed to have responsibility , if you allow it to start pushing its way in to things where it is n't supposed to be relevant it gets much , much harder for civil society groups and individuals to do anything about it ... and , as you pointed out , this kind of thing makes it easier for national politicians of one stripe or another to misuse the eu to push an agenda that they ca n't achieve nationally . . 
  enabling that is wrong , we should be fighting against it , it harms the eu as much as it does national interests ...  the key point is gettig the best possible legislation , not guarding national territories . 
  sterile bickering about competences and politics is what makes the eu inefficient . 
  no , it rally is n't , handing off power without accountability to the eu or anyone else for that matter is not worth any amount of ` good ' legislation , because it 'll likely also come with ` bad ' legislation and it is far more problematic to deal with , not to mention that it has no democratic legitimacy if it is outside of the competencies too . . you do n't see it as an issue , i understand that , i do and it is heightened by the fact that this kind of thing is pushing poor legislation onto states with effective and frankly better regulatory positions already ... that is n't good for anyone either , especially not people in these countries . 
  it actually does a pretty good job most of the time . 
  it 's constantly accused of both left and right wing biases , of pro- and anti- eu biases and a whole lot more , but that is at least partially because it does work hard to be balanced and report impartially ...  it 's been pro-conservatives since they were voted in , mostly due to threats . 
  was the bbc massively pro-labour before the current government ? 
  or is it simply that the bbc is seen as not attacking the government with the same ferocity that the entirely legitimately partisan papers , and other broadcasters are ? 
  ah , mine has no flag on it ( because that was the norm when i bought the thing ) and i 'm not that bothered either way , but i do n't have to have an eu flag on it . . 
  odd that it 'd be mandatory . 
   yea , it 's almost as if there are things worth doing that for . 
  there are , and civil disobedience happens and remains a valid tool for protesting . 
  but obviously civil disobedience can lead to being arrested ( which is fine , because that is pretty much the point ) .
