  again , no it is n't . 
  it has absolutely not part in governing my country , or yours . . 
  it 's an international organisation , a collection of states ... 
  i realise you 'd like to see a federal europe , but it is n't even close yet , and pretending things are one way when they are n't really is n't terribly helpful . 
  the eu is n't a government , it is n't my government or your government and it is n't part of our governments either . 
  and even it does n't claim to be . . 
  to be fair , that is more than a dozen . . 
   so , to answer the first question : nowadays the majority of nationalists point two things : refugees and progressive lack of autonomy . 
  to be fair , that is n't limited to nationalists ( unless we are now grouping eurosceptics and/or people with issues around regugees/borders as nationalists ) . 
  both certainly could be issues with nationalists , the latter is more likely . .  the lack of autonomy is a false problem in my opinion . 
  eu usually legislates in matters that concern common interest points ( lets say environment , agriculture , health ) . 
  the countries still controll almost everything !, 
  the issue with this is that it simply is n't accurate . 
  the eu has considerable competencies and regulation does drift . 
  under the guise of trade the eu can ( and does . . ) regulate all sorts of odd things , that do n't seem within the competencies at first glance , and that is getting more not less of an issue . 
  and of course there are issues with the regulatory approach and issues where the common good , rather than an individual countries interests are put in the foreground . 
  from the perspective of someone who want so put their country first , having the eu override that is obviously problematic . 
  the point there is that it can at times be more efficient , or simply more practical to regulate at the eu level , it can be politically more expedient too . 
  the problem is that when you try to regulate across the entire eu ( rather than say bilaterally ) on a particular issue , it can raise problems where one or more countries are unhappy , have special requirements or force a compromise that would n't be necessary between a smaller group ... take the uk as an example , they have negotiated opt outs not because they demanded special treatment , but because otherwise they would end up preventing the eu from acting on something , at times that came with further compromise . 
  that may be good for the eu as a whole , and in the case of the uk , possible given its size and impact , but it is n't good if you are looking at the impact on a specific country or looking for a less watered down solution . .  erasmus program make it easy to do the exchange . 
  with small paperwork , i was able to study in germany for a period of time and with a small funding ( in my case it was 800 $ ) . 
  that is as may be , but again , erasmus need n't be an eu project , it need n't be confined to the eu either ... 
  it 's great that students have access to it , but it really does n't require all the other infrastructure of the eu to function . .  regarding the free movement : 2 years ago i woke up one morning and i said to myself : today i will go visit salamanca . 
  i went without having to play for anything or show any papers . 
  i had lunch there and also bought some things , thus , contributing to the city 's economy . 
  thats the beauty of free movement , it makes culture interchanging easier and closer . 
  the problem is not inner free movement , is the lack of control in the external border !, 
  right !, 
  but i can do that and head over to the republic without showing a passport even though the uk is n't part of schengen . 
  i can hop on a flight to the us without any visa requirements . . you can travel to switzerland ( a non-eu member ) on the same basis . 
  free movement is great , i think it 's important too , but again , you do n't need the eu for it ... my point is that the eu comes with lots of things , you 've described a few of the benefits ( and there are many you have n't mentioned . . ) but you have n't really explained why we have to do this in the context of a union that is getting ever closer , or one where there is an overarching framework of great complexity that is getting more and more entangled with our lives in other areas . . like i said , i like free movement , but i 'm not sure i like it enough to exchange it for some of the things i might have to give up . 
  there is a real concern about harmonisation , even just in areas where the eu has competencies ... 
  i mean the current panic about guns , or previous ones about mandatory id , or the extension of things like limits on photography or people and buildings without consent in public are all continuous minor struggles . 
  i suppose my point is that the eu will mean more to some people than others , it will offer more to some countries than others too and independence and home rule are valuable things from the perspective of anyone who wants to be able to have a say in their own future , those are things we should n't sell cheaply , especially not simply to save 20 minutes on passport controls . 
  just out of interes do you see why other people might object to the eu ( i.e. 
  do you see any of the criticisms of the eu project as valid ) ? 
  i ask partially because i do n't see any of the things ( apart from the funding possibly ) as needing the eu as it currently is , or indeed any further union : students should be able to travel and access education abroad anyway ( and preferably well beyond the eu - which is the case to a certain extent ) , travel certainly does n't require the eu , neither does visa free access to different countries . 
  funding for science is already extended beyond the eu and if anything , i 'm a bit annoyed at the politicisation of science funding as it gets tied into other aspects of the eu - i do n't think that limiting access to funding or scientific endeavours on the basis of anything other than a response to something that limits scientific research ( so making it harder for scientists to work somewhere , spending funds inappropriately , not paying in etc. . ) is really a good idea ... and obviously ` the best laws ' are really subjective and would depend on how other countries deal with it . 
  i tend to find the eu a bit hit and miss , and certainly not great in quite a lot of the areas i 'm interested in . . 
  so on that basis , why do all these things have to be tied into a union , rather than a much loser association where we could work with other countries , or have certain european countries only take part in aspects of it . . 
  i suppose i 'd ask whether there is anything you think that would be better than the eu as a vehicle for cooperation too . . 
   except a lot of european nationalism tends to be ethnic . 
  if you do n't come out of the right stock , you are part of the the ` other ' no matter who you are and what you do . 
  is that true in a majority of countries , or even within a lot of groups ? 
  there is certainly some pride in being part of a particular group , but that is also fairly similar in the us ( where you have irish/spanish/scottish / germanic/italian etc. . americans who have a fierce pride in both their heritage ( to the extent that it 's an ethnicity . . ) are n't excluded from feeling patriotic about the us in much the same way as various ethnicities within european countries identify with both their heritage and their country . 
   what nationalism in it 's simplest form means is that ethnic groups should be able to govern themselves independently . 
  i 'm not sure it always does come down to ethnic groups , i 'd say it comes down to a shared identity and culture to some extent , or at least signing up to something akin to an idea of what that should be . .  a good example of this is the scottish national party . 
  what they want is an independent scotland governed from edinburgh rather than london and they got very close to achieving this . 
  if the independence referendum had been successful then the isle of britain would have been divided into two democratic independent states with slightly different policies ( scotland leans rather left ) . 
  there is no indication that the new scottish republic would have curbed individual rights in any significant way . 
  that 's about cultural identity though , not ethnicity ( and it 's a cultural identity that exists within the uk , side by side with the various other regional identities ) . 
  people are proud to be scottish in a similar way to people who are proud to be english , or yorkshiremen , or londoners . 
  and yes , scotland has more of a political affinity with the north of england than the south ( so you end up with more left leaning tendencies than you might in the home counties ) . 
   the recent rise of nationalism across europe is caused by lots of people being very unhappy with decisions from brussels and berlin . 
  scottish nationalism did n't though , and whilst british nationalism might to a larger degree be spurred by it , it is n't just about euorpe either , it 's about a notion of britain ( actually , several notions of britain , that the likes of ukip find quite hard to reconcile . . ) . 
  i 'd argue that this applies to a lot of countries too , france has a large ethnically diverse group of people who would consider themselves patriotic and certainly with nationalistic tendencies ( in that they believe in france , and not that they want to march through berlin . . ) . 
  germany may well be the black sheep in all this given the panic that nationalism causes in context ( and that 's fair enough given the history . . ) . 
  but even then people do take pride in being german . 
  i think it 's slightly odd for someone to suggest that kind of nationalism is all that different from american patriotism . 
  it is still about being part of a country and having pride in that country ... and i would also argue that as with the us , many nationalists in the eu do n't take the position that their government is their country , or that their particular ethnicity is either . 
  i do n't think there is much difference between nationalism in europe in most instances , and nationalism in the us , the level of visible patriotism is generally far less in europe than the us and i 'd argue that ethnic pride is just as visible in the us too , and as with europe it generally is n't incompatible with national pride . . 
  i have to say i was touched by both the framing of the argument in this and , somewhat by the predictions on what the eu could turn into . 
  obviously i disagree somewhat with the author in terms of what i 'd like to see from the eu , but the article seems appropriate for the sub and worthy of some consideration from both sceptics , federalists and anyone in between . . 
   uk is reaching a point where ... no it really is n't . 
  quick note to say that i do n't think the article is actually that great , or that valid , but there was a rather interesting point that made me sit back and sigh at the slightly absurd mental gymnastics required to compare european nationalism and us nationalism ( in the context of patriotism . . ) and come to the conclusion that they are * totally * different . .  from an american viewpoint , it is crucial not to confuse the national front 's nationalism with american patriotism . 
  nationalism has deep roots in european politics , culture , and history . 
  it elevates the nation above the individual , and everything that is associated with the nation as an entity - language , religion , culture , heritage , history , destiny - is bundled into a collective `` cause . '', 
  the individual , the building block of the american constitutional republic , is reduced to an instrument for the furtherance of the nationalist cause . 
  anyway ... 
  click on the image to get at the collection - some incredibly powerful photos in that set from the year . 
  it 's a really good example of piss poor regulation collectively by the eu , it means that biotech firms in lots of eu states are moving to or being bought out by organisations , in other jurisdictions . . 
   unwillingness to accept that is uk 's problem . 
  it may be , but the impact of that may well become a uk and an eu problem , the referendum is n't dependent on the negotiations after all ... 
  if it looks like nothing will change then it will massively strengthen the case for the uk leaving . 
   i do n't think that it legally matters where the passport controls are happening - i do n't think somebody could legally apply there . 
  it matters because if you do n't get through immigration you are n't going to get to the uk without being smuggled past customs . 
  at present the checks are carried out in france , so that is the point at which someone would be refused further travel . 
   the more i read dublin-iii in detail , the more flaws i find - and i do n't mean systematic flaws ( where the intention behind it is already flawed ) , but flaws because of unclear wording or because rarer cases are not regulated , are ambiguous or are regulated in a not intended way . 
  to be fair , dublin is also used to provide guidance on implementation , whilst it will be open to interpretation , the people actually responsible for protecting the border will be operating within their guidelines and processes . . 
   but e.g. 
  not for the french / uk border , because if you are standing just outside the uk border , you are not anymore in another dublin country . 
   this is technically correct . 
  but you also have to check the responsibility or process the applications and you have to shelter them while doing so in a decent way , what regularly is only possible inside the country . 
  the first is not true at the moment ( given where passport checks are carried out ... ) , if passport controls were removed back to the uk , i 'm pretty sure right in saying that the refusal to enter puts a burden on the carrier to return the person to their point origin ( so you 'd still be in france . . ) , not sure how that applies to truckers ... 
  this needs to be dealt with though , the impact of losing more ferry routes , or seeing tunnel services curtailed or suspended would be pretty shitty . . 
  [ also here ] ( http://basc.org.uk/blog/press-releases/latest-news/qa-european-commission-proposals-for-amending-the-firearms-directive/ ) is a view from basc in the uk . 
  no , it really is n't and it does n't even claim to be a government . 
  you may be getting ahead of yourself , by quite a large margin . 
   obviously there are the people for whom no eu is possible but thats a relatively small minority compared to those who are freaked by lack of border control etc but generally ok with economic cooperation . 
  i think when it comes down to it , a very large number of people in the uk would prefer to see the eu as more of an economic block than some sort of cohesive social and political unit . 
  in fact under those circumstances , a referendum would absolutely go to the remain grouping , and i would suggest by a large margin ... 
  the problem there is that it 's absolutely not the direction that lots of other eu members want to go and to a certain extent , there has been a tendency to use those aspects to push the rest of it . 
  it 's the argument that we can give up a bit here , and a bit there because it 's worth it economically ... apart from the fact that i 'd argue that in some cases now regulation ( even after it has been tempered by the likes of the uk , the netherlands and others ) is holding back various areas where the eu ( and the uk . . ) should be leading in science , technology and services , and that harms the uks ability to work with and trade with non-eu states too ... camerons reforms are n't going to get close to doing what i 'd want to see , i honestly do n't know who they are intending to please , they do n't go far enough , cover enough and in some instances cover stuff that might be seen as politically useful , but where there are other approaches that 'd be far better and less contentious . . and yes , we should have been building alliances to achieve reform . 
  but we are where we are , i was n't expecting much from cameron ( and i 'm getting even less ) but i am also getting the distinct impression from the eu side that the kind of reforms i 'd actually like to see are likely to be utterly impossible ... 
  so . . you can probably see where my tendency now lies , negotiation ` win ' or not . 
   the irritating part of this is that no-one is to blame but cameron and our diplomatic policy themselves . 
  nothing in particular has changed in the uk . 
  the only difference is that cameron was elected and started listening to the ideologues who do n't like the echr or anything to do with europe even when it 's sensible . 
  that 's partially true , the other aspect of it though has to be that voters really did n't feel like they had any real choices when it came to the eu . 
  i mean , conservative , labour , lib-dem and even green votes have broadly been votes for parties that were pro-eu .
