  the banks have said it , as have the insurers . 
  this argument has been made repeatedly and it has not happened , not when the uk did n't join the euro and it wo n't happen if the uk leaves the eu either . 
  london is a massive global financial centre , not simply one in the eu ...  taxes and customs are back in trade with eu members , so is the restricted movement . 
  the uk is 20 % of the common market , it is a huge chunk of german , french and italian exports . 
  no-one will be restricting bilateral trade in any consequential way as it 'd harm both germany and france significantly ...  gb loses almost all its political influence . 
  face it . 
  no european country can stand alone against the big players of the 21st century . 
  see , that 'd be slightly more credible if it were n't for the fact that the uk is a member of the un security council , a nuclear armed state , one of the worlds top 10 economies , a massive financial centre , a massive provider of international aid , a huge cultural influence and obviously incredibly well connected globally in terms of soft and hard power . . that wo n't go anywhere either . 
   at that point gb will have the choice to either become largely irrelevant , or accept a yoke from either the eu or the us . 
  and you wonder why people might think staying part of the eu might not be such a good idea ... 
   uk instead of being a participant in the eu game , chooses to be a simple follower of the us . 
  more power to them but that shouldnt mess with the france-germany dynamic which is vital for continental europe . 
  do you ever find that gratuitous simplifications actually make things harder , not easier to understand ? 
   look at what france and uk made : the concorde . 
  indeed , before the eu too , we can work together without pushing forward to create some sort of undemocratic , mess of a superstate . 
  so lets do that !, 
   whether you 're part of eu-proper or not ( i.e. 
  switzerland/norway ) in order to access the market , like switzerland and norway , the uk would still have to contribute to the eu and comply by the associated regulations . 
  canada , the us , china , russia , japan etc. . all manage to trade with the eu , there are degrees of access and compromises that can be made . 
  lets not pretend that this is somehow fixed and the option is membership or a replica of one of the existing bilateral agreements . 
   every smaller country within the eu would benefit from uk leadership , because it makes the power balance in the eu a lot more dynamic , and gives these countries a greater choice of partners . 
  right , but how would the uk benefit from a uk leadership role in an eu that is heading for tighter integration rather than less ( which is arguably the majority uk position , whether in favour or opposed to eu memership ) . 
  this seems to cause real confusion in this sub . 
  yes , the uk could step up , push the same integrationist agenda and take a leading role in whatever that turns into , but the whole point is that the uk does n't want the integration . . 
  amusingly , the person who is most likely to get a kicking regardless of the outcome of the referendum will be farage . 
  i mean if it 's stay , then he 's failed , if it 's go , then his party loses it 's usp and much of the membership will step back toward whatever party they supported before ... 
  just reading this ...  this incident shows how the eu , like immigration , is often a proxy for wider problems . 
  yes , there is too much pointless red tape , too many self-defeating regulations , and the armies of lobbyists are too powerful and entrenched . 
  but brexit would not solve such issues . 
  instead it would merely transfer the battleground from brussels to westminster . 
  great , i can have an impact on westminster , it 's much harder when it comes to brussels ... 
  i also wonder about this :  some believe the siren calls of brexit should be seen off with an optimistic campaign lauding the joys of membership . 
  but this misjudges the national mood , which believes brussels is bureaucratic , interventionist and undemocratic , seeing few benefits beyond ease of trade . 
  like it or not , this is the legacy of our long history as an island and imperial nation , independent-minded and infused more latterly with a culture of openness . 
  so the case for europe must be one of pragmatism , boosted by a hefty dose of fear-mongering . 
  if the view is that `` brussels is bureaucratic , interventionist and undemocratic '' and the uk is `` seeing few benefits beyond ease of trade '' . 
  then surely that needs to be dealt with and ca n't really be dealt with through fear . . 
  i mean , that pretty much sums up the problem and the hoped for benefit . 
  if the stay campaign ca n't argue for membership , it can only argue against leaving , but does n't seem to have much leverage there if the above is deemed as accurate ...  yet the domestic battle will be won if the silent majority is convinced staying in is safer than risking retreat -- and if enough young voters , far more enthusiastic about europe than their elders , bother voting . 
  if the campaign is pinning its hopes on young people turning out to vote ( and voting for stay ) then there is a massive uphill battle ... 
  turnout increases with age , in the last general election only 43 % of 18-24 year olds voted ( compared to 72 % of 45-54 year olds , 75 % of 55-64 year olds and 78 % of 65 + year olds ... ) and that election had a huge relevance to young people ... 
  in short , a massive boost in turnout from young people is n't going to be enough you 'd also need a significant drop in older people turning out , that seems unlikely . .  the case for quitting is largely made by little englanders , dressing up their arguments in a spurious cloak of modernity . 
  and this may be where the problem lies . 
  the case for quitting really is n't largely one thing or another . 
  you have lots of people on the left who see the eu as corporatist , pushing ttip , enabling lobbyists and so on , then you have the immigration crowd , and of course the anti-eu business groups who see the eu as a source of costs and regulation . 
  i 'm not sure about anyone else , but i really do n't feel that the those pushing for out are just the middle england ukip types any more . 
   the outers ignore also that our nation plays a significant role improving the community through consistent support for freer trade . 
  which is great , it really is , but i think many would see it as an argument to leave not to stay . 
  after all , the trade aspect is almost universally popular , but the political angles are n't . 
  and of course it seems clear now that regardless of the uks membership , it will still have that free trade ...  meanwhile look at norway , which negates so many arguments for brexit . 
  it has twice voted to reject membership in referendums . 
  yet it is still the tenth biggest contributor to the eu budget , paying only slightly less per person than britain , while it has incorporated more european law than this country . 
  an official review concluded `` norway is in practice bound to adopt eu policies and rules ... without being a member and without voting rights '' . 
  this is likely the fear argument that will be pursued , but it does n't really make sense given the disparity in terms of trade and economy size between norway and the uk and , probably more importantly , the mild fact that there are lots of non-eu countries that seem to manage to trade with the eu perfectly well , including ones that have economies far smaller than the uk that do n't face the same issues ...  so much for the myth of freedom outside the eu ; it is simply self-inflicted impotence that would be crazy in this turbulent world . 
  those wanting out are chasing a chimera , inspired by visions of a world that has disappeared . 
  instead of inching towards the exit door , britain should focus on the fight to improve accountability , citizen 's rights , consumer protection and democracy in the bloated brussels behemoth . 
  and this would then be the positive argument , sadly an argument that dies if there is a feeling that the eu ca n't change , or that it is on a course that wo n't better serve citizens , democracy or consumers ... i think the migration crisis and greece did more to cement that idea than any out campaign ever could . 
  [ the woodbridge comany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_woodbridge_company ) via [ thompson reuters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomson_reuters ) apparently . 
  why ? 
  that 's sort of a broad question . . what are you looking for specifically when you say policy , do you mean a specific directive or something broader as part of the competencies that directives are used to help support ( like say , monetary policy for eurozone countries ) . 
   well what makes china different is their system is a lot more brittle . 
  i 'm not really sure it is . 
  people see it as monolithic and essentially monopole , but it is n't . 
  china has local government , it has a very functional civil service and it has a number of factions within the communist party that do compete . 
  i 'd actually argue that china is capable of being very reactive and given the way authority is used , i think it could arguably be more flexible in the face of a crisis . 
  if you look at the variance in governance between regions , and in places like hong kong too it starts to look a lot less top down and far more responsive than most people expect . 
   see the us can operate like everything is normal even with congress in a total clusterfuck . 
  but if the politburo was in chaos , the system would be collapsing . 
  again , not really . 
  you have a variety of bodies that essentially provide a set of checks and balances within a framework of government at different levels ( from the various commissions , through the armed forces , town and province governments etc. . ) . 
   what makes the chinese crashing more realistic is what happens in a system where speech is threat to state security and information is highly regulated when the social contracts begin to break down . 
  sort of . 
  the biggest guarantor of social stability is economic stability . 
  we 've seen that fairly recently in places like france , the us , northern ireland and obviously tunisia , egypt etc. . 
  the whole ` speech is threat to state security and information is highly regulated ' is actually less valid than you 'd think societally , yes there is major media censorship but not the caricature of it that is sometimes presented . 
  most chinese people will have access to all the same information you do most of the time , and the range of opinion and discussion is diverse . 
  it 's not a free country by a long shot , but it is n't socially authoritarian to the degree it is sometimes presented either . 
   if your entire legitimacy is based on you will bring economic growth and the people will get richer , what happens when the growth breaks down , and the people begin to suspect that only the top cadres and politically connected have become rich and that their opportunities are gone ? 
  that 's what makes the chinese system so fragile . 
  except of course that there has been significant investment in public infrastructure , housing , roads etc. . and millions of people have been moved out of poverty . 
  at the moment , the progress does n't have to be massive to have a significant impact on people . . and of course many people have n't got that far to fall , so the risk is lessened again . 
  that is n't to say that there is n't a risk , just that it seems to be massively overblown most of the time . 
  there are conditions that could cause china to fracture , or collapse , but based on where we are now , they seem unlikely and slim at best . . 
  that 'd be a significant portion of the population , this is n't . 
  it is a bit concerning , but at the same time i doubt it 'll actually cause problems , ask me again in 10 years , but i 'd assume i 'd be of the same opinion . . 
   30 % were enough for hitler to come to power ... just because it is a minority does n't mean that the ca n't do harm . 
  as long as no one is going against them or oppose them they are going to win . 
  right , but we are talking about maybe 40 % of 4.5 % of the population . 
  so , nothing even approaching 30 % . 
  even within that minority , it 's a preference , not something they are pushing in any case . 
  and then in terms of opposition , there is loads of opposition massively more vocal opposition than there is even soft support . . 
  because it sort of ignores the difference in both development levels in china vs japan in the same period , it fails to take into account the chinese governments control over currency and indeed the growth of chinese internal markets ( china still has massive scope there . 
  japan simply did n't and had to rely on exports for growth , china is relying on exports to build capacity and markets internally . . ) . 
  the most obvious point however is that japan massively pushed for savings , that meant there was a huge amount of capital for loans and credit became easier to obtain . 
  japan used that investment to drive trade and run large trade surpluses , ( and this is where it gets different again in terms of currency control ... ) the yen appreciated against foreign currencies ... long story short , you have a lot of cash rich investors looking for good deals , but a population that is n't really pushing demand , so investments are increasingly directed out of the country and local markets stagnate . 
  that in turn means that as competition to japanese manufacturing grew and as japanese products became less competitive overseas , the lack of additional capacity and demand at home through low consumption rates ( driven by deflation in part ) contribute to a deflationary spiral ... china is pushing domestic consumption up by moving vast numbers of people out of poverty . . 
  it has invested in infrastructure to make that possible and is actively working to balance debt and consumption ( probably because it has learned from the japanese example . . ) . 
  essentially there is a massive amount of room for china to grow and , whilst it could screw that up , it does n't look like it will yet . 
  now there is some truth in the possibility that a major economic failure would lead to political instability in china , but then again the chinese government seems quite good at dealing with such issues ( not saying i approve , i do n't , but the whole ` chinese spring ' notion was popular in 2011 too and it shows in this analysis , even though it did n't come close to coming to pass . . ) . 
  now , here is the important part :  china 's largely unnavigable rivers and relatively poor natural ports mean that china lacks japan 's natural capital-generation advantages and is saddled with the economic dead weight of its vast interior , home to some 800 million impoverished people .
