  which is to be expected , given that there needs to be an agreement across many european parties and countries before they can get something in eu law . 
  in fact , given the lack of competences for social policies , it 's generally considered a force in favour of deregulation . 
  and the drive for that comes from some parts of the eu and is less apparent in others ( depending on sector amongst other things ) , so member states with a lighter regulatory approach have to compromise in much the same way as countries with a tighter approach do . 
  the end result is n't lighter regulation across the board , and the approach that the eu takes is generally more specific and more directed toward statutory regulation . 
  it 's not just me making this up either , take a look at what the uk 's science and technology committee has said on the issue over time . 
   yes , which is what stifles innovative startups , because they have to viable in a single national market and raise all their capital in a single market , rather than being able to draw from the pool of all european customers and investors . 
  oh i agree to a certain extent , except if we took the more risk averse approach that germany uses now , compromise a bit and then regulate rather than relying on say , voluntary self regulation , and apply it to the eu as a whole ( to provide the pool of all european customers and investors you are looking for ) , we end up with a less flexible , more risk wary environment and to top it off , the uk and others are now less attractive internationally too . 
  that 's a problem and it 's why the eu is less attractive than elsewhere now . 
  we are being drawn into the middle ground , and that 's bad for innovative nations including the likes of sweden , finland and denmark not to mention the uk . 
  it might be better for france and germany to some extent , but hey . 
   it 's inevitable . 
  you ca n't cut up government competences in neat blocks that never have to do anything with each other . 
  it 's not inevitable , it 's a good argument for reform that reduces eu competency and obviously one for leaving the eu . . 
   and you seem to be underestimating that . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm talking about the barriers that are being introduced across the eu ( uniformly . . ) rather than the disparity between states . 
  it 's not a good thing when instead of having a barrier to say , gm production , in one country is instead a barrier across the whole block . 
  it may mean that there are fewer internal barriers , but the barriers to those who want to innovate grow . 
   those things needed regulation , and they most likely would have been regulated anyway even if the the eu did n't exist . 
  except then you would have 28 standards instead of one . 
  and the approach would be very different between germany , spain and the uk . 
  again ` regulating ' is n't a neutral term , there are very different ways of doing it and , the eu seems to take a stronger and more rigid approach . 
  that 's the issue . 
   that works both ways . 
  the eu also has to deal with the indirect influence of other government levels . 
  even if that were accurate , it 's competency creep and it 's a problem for innovation and independent decision making in eu countries . 
  it adds complexity where it is not needed . 
   the eu is removing barriers , not adding them . 
  wish that it were , but it is n't . 
  it might be removing barriers between members , but it certainly is n't removing barriers for businesses and innovation in quite a few areas , quite the reverse . 
  it is also using regulation of the sale of items to push regulation on the use of those items , so indirectly regulating things like healthcare and other fields . 
   most germans do n't have their retirements in these funds . 
  german retirements are usually very conservative investments which makes the low interest rate hit even harder . 
  i 'm not talking about high risk investment funds , i 'm talking about the money german savers placed in normal german banks , that german banks then used to lend to what were billed as fairly safe investments . 
  not just banks either , pension funds too . 
   also are we really blaming the bank for loaning out to a creditor that gained access to these loans by lying ? 
  would you also blame the bank if i took out a mortgage pretending to the bank i can pay , providing the necessary evidence and then in the end it turns out i lose my job and i ca n't pay my mortgage ? 
  yes . 
  the banks are supposed to properly assess risk , i get charged interest proportional to that risk for my mortgage , so do you . 
  the various loans that were made by german banks , and the investments by german pension funds and others included interest based on an assessment of what they were investing in . 
  they got that wrong as it turns out , but they have n't had to take a hit on the risk they took , because they were bailed out , by the german tax payer , via the greek government . 
   honestly i do n't like this view because it does n't really reflect reality in my oppinion and because it is not the banks fault that greece pursued an absolutely disastrous habit of overspending and faking reports . 
  the issue in context was n't greece pursuing anything , the issue was northern european financial organisations seeing a lot of opportunity and failing to categorise risk . 
  essentially they provided a lot of lending to greek private borrowers , when that went south , it got dumped on the greek taxpayer ( and the german one ... ) . 
   also is n't germany and the rest of the eurogroup doing greece a favour by lending them money on favourable conditions , by preventing a state default ? 
  the state default would have taken down european banks , they were the lenders . 
  the favourable terms meant that german and other financial institutions were made whole , whilst the greek taxpayer shouldered the new burden . 
  basically , you bailed out your own banks for their risky behaviour , and dumped the liability on greece . . 
  yes , greece could have said no , but it did n't because that would have meant leaving the euro , probably the eu and almost certainly defaulting ...  another thing i always do n't quite get in this narrative if the only goals was to bail out german banks ( which we also did ) why did germany and the rest of the ez then keep bailing out greece once the loans were out of the hands of the banks ? 
  the reason there has been a continued bail out is because there is still a lot of exposure to greece across the eu , and obviously greece collapsing would still cause issues across the eurozone . 
  by the by , it was n't just german banks , and it was n't just shaky investments in greece , it was lots of european banks , and investments all over southern europe as well as ireland . 
   there is one thing we should not forget aswell : all the money greece lent was already spent by greece . 
  it was not evil banks just deciding one day that greece owes them . 
  no , quite a bit of that was spent by greek private companies , not the country as a whole . 
  a fair amount of it was probably spent on german goods and services , or on various failed projects that involved german companies ... 
  but yes , it was spent in greece . 
  as to it not being the ` evil banks just deciding one day that greece owes them ' you are of course somewhat right , but i note that they did get away with not taking a hit on the risks they took , and they did shift what were private debt on to public whilst i 'm at it , there is some good reporting across this ( because both of us are simplifying things horribly ... ) if you happen to speak german , [ this is worth a read ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/wirtschaft/eurokrise-staatsgeheimnis-bankenrettung/7826402.html ) as well as the associated content , although to a certain extend i think it goes a little further than i would , and does n't cover the most recent bailouts ... 
   the thing is i do not think the german government should have the discussion on a possible brexit play too much into their decision . 
  i hope it does n't the current trend of postponing and pushing aside eu decisions and so on , because of the negative impact it would have on the outcome of the referendum is pretty nasty really . 
  i mean , essentially what the eu is saying , is that if it carried on as normal , and was seen to be carrying on as normal , people in the uk would n't like it ... 
  surely not the best argument for membership . 
  as to the german government , well they have a responsibility to their electorate , both on the issues with the euro and regarding the eu as a whole . 
  i wonder to what degree each issue will impact their thinking . 
   it just happens so that it will just be very unpopular in germany to pour down even more money into greece with people already feeling like they are paying themselves for southern europe by earning no interest on what they save . 
  in a way it feels like you are taking the retirement money on germans and subsidize southern europe with that and people are not happy with that . 
  i think this time it might actually force a grexit to be scrupulously fair , german banks were some of the larger beneficiaries of the greek bail out , so to a certain extent , it was germans , gambling with german retirement savings by investing in risky offerings in greece , spain , ireland and elsewhere . 
  but that obviously is n't the narrative that the german government , or the remainder of the eurozone likes very much , hence the feeling in germany that they are somehow doing southern europe a favour and that enough is enough , when really they mostly saved themselves , and now that greece is paying through the nose to support the remaining debt ( which has been largely shifted to the public sector ... ) no-one really wants any of it ... 
  it 'll be interesting to see what happens though , i 'd be willing to bet that a grexit , or anything that looks like one would lead to a guaranteed leave vote , so if it does look like it 'll go that way , it will be held off so it only goes that way well after the referendum . 
  unless of course greece pushes the issue . . 
   problem is few europeans thinks they are unreasonable , no regulation is unnecessary ... they stand by their ridiculous regulations , they support the fragmentation of the internet . 
  because pre-emptive regulation , and regulation to shape markets ( and protectionist regulation . . ) are all seen as tools that can and should be used by some eu governments . 
  it 's not a good thing , and it 's one of the reasons that there is such disparity , even within the eu when it comes to innovation and the will to take risks . 
  it 's not the only view within member states , but the eu as a whole does seem to mirror that view ( with the us often benefiting as companies move there ... ) . 
   i 'm not saying regulation is bad , because we could sure use some regulation in the states in some areas of life ... however regulation has its costs ... one of them being innovation cost . 
  people need to learn to accept that their laws and regulations ( their votes ) have consequences . 
  yup . 
  and the way the eu regulates is one of the issues in the eu referendum debate , whether people will take notice , or see it as a continuation of the whole ` straight banana 's ' type satire that the eu paints it as will be interesting to see . 
  to be clear , there are issues when monopolies in one area leverage their market position to enter others , but simply being dominant should n't be a problem in and of itself . 
   that wo n't happen i think that would be political suicide in germany . 
  i mostly agree with you , but that 's where the tension is now . 
  the balance between what voters perceive to be happening , and ` done to ' greece , vs the cost to the eu/uk . 
  if the eu goes in hard , it will turn left wing voters in the uk , if it goes in too soft it will turn right wing voters , if it 's done noisily , or greece , germany whoever makes too much of a fuss , it will end up in the news cycle ... 
  i 'd probably say it 'll have an impact regardless , but i suppose if no-one tries to make political capital out of it , and everyone acts reasonably it could be seen as a good thing . 
  that does n't seem terribly likely though . 
   under regulation encourages stagnation . . poor regulation is the issue in both cases , not quantity . 
  there is nothing intrinsically bad about regulation , the problems arise when you either put in place unnecessary barriers ( which the eu seems to do quite a bit of ) or do n't regulate something that causes harm ( the eu seems better at that these days , although there are still issues ) . 
  the approach to regulation is also pretty important , the us/uk approach of either voluntary or light regulation before steps are taken toward statutory regulation if it is required is different from the regulatory approaches taken in other states . 
  that basically shifts the risk/reward aspects , take less risks , regulate more comprehensively and you end up with fewer rewards too . . 
   people will oppose a new bailout for greece very very heavily in germany at least . 
  i would also be suprised if most of the eastern european states are too fond of the idea of pouring more money into greece . 
  from the uk perspective i suppose pouring money in to stabilise the situation , without drawing on non-euro country funds would be seen as pretty quiet and non-controversial . 
  anything that splashes out beyond the eurozone , or looks like the ` eu ' being harsh to greece on the other hand probably would n't . 
  i think it 's laughable to most people , not least because it is a pretty flimsy assumption , but also because obviously if all we were interested in were the economics the uk would look pretty different anyway . 
  this is a choice about how the uk is governed , that will have an impact on lots of things , including the uks economic prospects , but it 's not just an economic question ( and frankly , when it comes to this , the economic question is incredibly hard to answer anyway ) . 
  and of course in that period , the uk , france and others did n't pay vast sums on defence and other related aspects ... 
  the us is now the only global superpower , it has n't been for long , but it is well aware of the benefits , hence why it wants to retain that status . 
  whether the uk is in the eu or out , that is n't going to change the costs that the us faces going forward . 
   expect heavy handed negotiations with these short deadlines to collapse . 
  `` federal '' model . 
  possibly ...
