  the current annual values for uk/eu and uk/not-eu trade are : source | exports | imports : -- :| : -- | : -- eu | 230 | 289 non-eu | 283 | 259 ( in # billions ) so as you can see , the uke xports more to non-eu states than eu states , and imports more from the eu than elsewhere ( and more than it imports from elsewhere ) . 
  the value of uk exports and imports is around 500bn on either side , so it seems incredibly unlikely that the uk would lose anything close to 100bn under even the worst circumstances imaginable . . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is n't erdogan that 's running the eus immigration system and border controls . . 
  what , ireland ? 
  bit harsh do n't you think ? 
  obviously at the moment there is a border between the rest of the eu ( bar ireland . . ) and the uk , but that aside , i suppose the point is that you do n't really need the eu for what you are suggesting , and even before schengen it was easy to drive from from one country to the next , generally without border checks ( occasionally you 'd have to stop , but it was generally painless and rapid , no doubt now there 'd be some tech to make it even less problematic ) . 
  you certainly do n't need all the rest of the stuff that the eu brings to make it as easy as possible for people to move around . 
  it does n't want to block a majority , it wants to ensure that a majority vote only applies to that majority , if the majority is the eurozone ... 
  the whole point is to allow the eurozone to deal with its problems , without harming anyone who is n't in the currency union . 
  they could , but you can also take the ferry company to court and take them apart if they accept passengers without the right documentation . 
  as much as it might be amusing to try and present the possibility of something similar to the greek coast occurring between the uk and france , it simply would n't work because neither the uk nor france is a failed state and the uk has a reasonably effective coastguard and navy , and the channel is easier to monitor than several thousand small islands . 
   do not try to speak for others . 
  generalising on something that has been discussed and polled on for a long time seems reasonable . 
  i 'm sure no-one would read my comment and assume that it related to everyone in the uk or elsewhere , i 'm not trying to speak for others , but talk about the current situation as it appears ... 
   i hope they stay in the schengen area the uk is n't in schengen at the moment , but free movement is part of efta and i ca n't see a change to that happening rapidly . 
  personally i 'd like to see free-movement , or something close , between the uk and eu even after the uk leaves but how that 'll end up working i have no idea ( and presumably will involve a fair amount of negotiation ... ) . 
  you are n't wrong , although if you pick a different group and substitute it for the term it becomes much more interesting to read . 
  it 's one of those things that seems to go with the territory of opinion pieces though , its easier to talk in terms that people already understand in context ( so , rebels = good , terrorists = bad , islamists = bad , fighters = neutral , freedom-fighters = good , militants = bad , regime = bad etc. . ) . 
  the details make things far too muddy and complex ( and might indicate that there is a complex problem that requires a complex solution ) . 
  still , i think its worth reading and discussing , especially the proposed parallels with chechnya . . 
  ah do n't worry about it , if anything everyone harping on is more distracting than the initial comment , and he ends up looking daft anyway . 
  neither was misleading ( support for the eu has dropped in scotland according to polling and in this case you seem to only be upset that the president of the european parliament and his colleagues are being referred to as leaders . . ) . 
  i realise that you 'd prefer not to see posts that do n't fit your personal view of the eu , or maybe just no posts from me , but i really do n't have to satisfy that demand . 
  so , as i said , feel free to continue , but beyond the sort of explanation above , i 'm certainly not interested , and i assume most others ( on both sides of this debate ) are n't either . . 
   two posts in two days from an out campaigner posting a misleading title on a topic designed to push their own political agenda . 
  neither is misleading , both titles are the titles of the article ...  just like i told you yesterday . 
   just like i 'll be telling you on monday . 
  feel free , it 's a bit of a waste of time on both our parts , but hey , it 's a free subreddit !, 
  well , it has the benefit of being repetitive i suppose . 
  any particular point you are trying to make with that ? 
  because otherwise it ( like this comment now ) is just a bit of annoying whining . 
   those are non-tariff barriers too , but generally we understand those in the more narrow sense as in quotas and comparable measures . 
  standards are much broader and they are not just `` to protect industries '' but also to protect customers , the environment and lastly mankind . 
  they are non-tariff barriers though . 
  indeed , that is what ttip is intended to address , the idea being that harmonisation of various regulations would mean that market access is cheaper and easier for us/eu firms in the other market . 
  harmonisation is n't the only approach though , you can also reduce and remove ( or push for market based self-regulation and so on ) . 
   standards are much broader and they are not just `` to protect industries '' but also to protect customers , the environment and lastly mankind . 
  standards are standards , the intention behind them is supposed to be standardisation , and can be for any number of reasons , including anything from protectionism through to simple compatibility requirements . 
  other non-tariff barriers by the way that have a more direct impact might be legislation like the ` buy america act ' or emissions regulations ( neither of which are standards , both of which are significant ) . 
   an agreement between the us and the uk would be very one-sighted since it is highly unlikely that the us would change policy to accommodate the whims of a smallish market . 
  in contrast to that the eu is an even larger market - ind gdp and population - so an agreement roughly in the middle is much more likely . 
  again , you seem to be of the impression that this is about leverage rather than aiming for trade growth by opening access and levelling the playing field . 
  the uk and us already do significant amounts of trade and removing barriers from that trade where possible is good for both sides , it does n't require the us to align its position to that of the uk , but rather a recognition of similar processes ( the equivalent or recognising a foreign degree ... ) or regulatory oversight , and working together on standards at the international level ( which already happens through the iso ) . 
  the uk needs to ask significantly less from the us as it does n't have to protect various european industries from us companies , it does n't need to take into account the needs of polish steel workers or beligan chocolatiers , which simplified it in both directions . 
  again , i think you misunderstand the aim , the aim is n't to ` win ' the trade agreement , the aim is to have less encumbered trade , and that is entirely possible and frankly more possible between the uk and us than the eu and us simply because of the complexity . 
  and again , having similar interests , shared approaches to regulation and a lot of existing ties will make that easier not harder . 
  yeah . . 
  but they 'd come back on the same ferry after being refused entry , so all you 'd be doing is sailing them one way and then the other , which may be fun , but seems a bit unfair . 
  unfortunately i do n't think the major of calais is in a position to grant entry of anyone into the uk . 
   i think the problem is that being in the eu needs to also mean the euro , schengen and further integration . 
  sadly there is n't a democratic mandate for that , on the uk side you could pretty much guarantee an exit ( referendum or no . . ) on those terms because the euro and schengen are incredibly unpopular . 
  i 'm sure the uk would n't be a lone there either , especially once the eurozone is more functional . 
   i honestly think they should leave no matter what the referendum says , even if they do n't want to . 
  sadly the government wants to remain in , so that 's not going to happen and obviously the eu ca n't kick the uk out . 
  i suppose you could all leave and start over ... 
  your larger problem however is that the uk may currently be the most vocal proponent of a loser union , but it is not the only one in that position and i think you 'd have issues with various eu states , not just the uk if you tried to push it . 
   that really was an economical disaster . 
  it showed where the cracks ( well , huge gaping holes . . ) were and are , to a certain extent , that was a positive outcome from the 2008 crash . 
  fixing the underlying structures is still going to take some time and it 's a bit painful to watch how that is happening ( crisis to crisis at the moment ) . 
  at the end of the day , it is in no-ones interests ( the eurozone , the non-eurozone eu members , or indeed a future uk outside of the eu ) for the euro to be unstable or structurally unsound . 
  not given the amount of bilateral trade and investment . 
  you do of course realise that , quite a lot of brits , possibly even a majority at this point still , want to stay in the eu . . sure they also do n't want the euro , schengen or further integration , but they want to be in the club , which would mean the uk gets a say , and a vote on treaty changes and all that good stuff ... maybe you 'd like to subscribe to our uk-out-of-the = eu newsletter and do a bit of leafleting amongst british expats in france . . 
   true , that much would be reasonable in a number of cases . 
  that 's the position being presented by the uk . 
   it 's not dominate , but i 'm fearing another gov using the uk 's position to transform it again in a tax haven ... 
  there is always a risk of countries acting in a way that disadvantages others , tax havens exist ( even within the eurozone . . ) . 
  the problem being addressed here though is the need for the eurozone to be able to carry out reforms without being held back by other states and the eurozone not killing non-eurozone economies in achieving that . 
   not even sure why they 're putting it to a vote . 
  it 's that whole democracy/self-determination thing . 
  plus , quite a lot of brits want to stay in the eu , sure they also do n't want the euro , schengen or further integration , but they want to be in the club1, 
   it 's not particularly fair to extract your headline from this article without the full context . 
  `` colleagues '' ! = `` eu leaders '' . 
  that is the headline exactly as written . 
  shout at the ~ ~ torygraph ~ ~ telegraph, 
   and you still want a veto right on eurozone decisions ? 
  holland 's saying eurozone policies . 
  not eu policies . 
  the uk wants to be able to prevent decisions that impact the whole eu being made exclusively by the eurozone in this area , and instead require either consensus , or to limit those decisions to the eurozone ( and not the entire eu ) . 
   just vote at the referendum man so you 'll never be in this situation . 
  do n't worry , that 's a given !, 
  but i might not prevail , so . . 
   sorry to be so aggressive , but it reminds me of the russian demands to be `` protected against ukraine joigning the eu '' . 
  i think you may be being aggressive because you are n't paying attention to what is being asked . 
   the rest of the eu has their own sovereignty that does not and should not be answerable to the uk , sorry every eu country is sovereign , absolutely , no one is suggesting otherwise . 
   either you are in the eurozone and can pick in or , or you are out and you do n't decide for the currency policy . 
  agreed . 
  the uk should not decide policy on currency for the eurozone . 
  and decisions for the currency should n't apply to non-eurozone members if they do n't want them to . 
  that is the entire basis of this point . 
  the uk does n't want the eurozone , using the eu ( which includes non-eurozone states ) to set policy that impacts everyone , even if they are n't in the eurozone . 
  the uk does n't want to stop the eurozone from doing anything at all , as long as it applies to the eurozone , not the eu as a whole . 
   you ca n't have it both ways . 
  once again the uk wants all of the rights but none of the chores . 
  i 'm literally saying that . 
  the uk and other non euro countries do n't want to be subject to the policies that the eurozone needs to implement , and the best way of achieving that and ensuring the eurozone can do what it needs is for the eurozone to legislate for the eurozone not the eu as a whole ( as a bloc ) . 
  clear ? 
  or are you going to misunderstand this too so it fits whatever preconception you have about the uk trying to somehow dominate others . . 
  i do n't think the ` ever closer union ' exemption is all that useful to be honest , the uk already does n't have to join the euro but there are no explicit protections against the eu as a whole being used to support the ( very real and sensible . . ) needs of the eurozone in a manner that harms the ability of non-eurozone countries to manage their economies and currencies . 
  my view is that the currency block needs to be able to work together more effectively and do so in a way that is binding across the bloc , without having an impact outside of it where it 's unnecessary . 
  having a soft break ( this idea of non-eurozone countries being able to object and so require consensus in the first instance , and if no consensus can be found , having the eurozone act on its own , and in its own interests ) seems like a good compromise between making sure we do n't hurt the diverse economies and currencies within the eu but do ensure the eurozone has the tools to move forward .
