  not really . . eu laws basically break down into the treaties and then everything else . 
  the treaties are entered into by national governments ( and can be set aside by the same . . ) and the secondary legislation , the directives are supposed to be based on those treaties and have to be transcribed into national law to have any impact on member states ( you will note that various countries have taken different approaches to how these directives are implemented leading to fractured implementations of all sorts of things ) . 
  the enforcement of eu law is also entirely the responsibility of member states , there are no federal courts , or federal crimes and the highest courts are still the highest courts of respective member 's . . 
  if that was n't the case , you could n't have things like the german constitutional court or the british supreme court strike down legislation enacted on the basis of eu directives . . 
  there is no debate , the eu is still absolutely a collection of states , it does not have a federal ( or federalish . . ) structure to accompany it . 
  as long as we do n't put the wrong eagle on it 'll be fine . 
  well for one the parliament ca n't initiate legislation and eu institutions are basically there to coordinate and compromise between member states in relatively broad areas with limited resistance ... 
  it is n't like a country or a democracy , it was never really meant to be . . 
   i mean , what difference is there really between the eu and usa ? 
  that the us is a federation and the eu is a union ? 
  the eu has no foreign policy , little policing authority ( realistically none independently ) , no mechanism to create laws other than in a limited number of areas ( and then only with national parliaments passing them into national law . . ) ... 
  the eu has no military , no mechanism to power to use national forces or to call national forces into ` federal ' service . 
  the highest courts that members have to listen to are n't eu courts , they are national courts . 
  when it comes to the economy , there is no central economic policy , no overarching fiscal policy , no single currency across all members , no tax raising powers other than those granted by member states . 
  there is much more of course , but lets face it , the eu is not anything like the us , it is not a federal state ( it is not a state at all ) . 
  right now the eu is a common market with some political union . 
  eu members do n't all have the same interests , there is no real common direction beyond europe ( and even there it 's messy ) . 
   it benefits no one but treaties are treaties . 
  that is an absurd position , if it benefits no-one there is absolutely no point in following through ... oh and whilst poland 's accession treaty does include language that states members will participate in the economic and monetary union , it does n't state when , nor does it state what mechanism should be used to get there . 
  right now poland would n't qualify for eurozone membership anyway , so it 'd be absurd to try and push poland into a position it does n't want to be in and is no good for anyone else . .  if you 're in the eu you are also in the monetary union . 
  no , not really . 
  some eu members opted out of the euro , some will join the euro eventually some wo n't , others are eurozone members . . 
  joining the euro is a pretty major step and not one that anyone should see as a thing to do regardless , but one that requires democratic support and a suitable economic situation . .  if you want to stay in the eu for the benefits but want to avoid the monetary union because you think it 's harmful to your national interest you are a parasite member . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  non eurozone eu members can contribute , they are still part of a large market , eu citizens can still work and travel through them . . how does not being part of a currency union ( one with plenty of problems too . . ) make a member state a parasite ? 
  why ? 
  who does that benefit ? 
  and no sympathy for the human shields either ? 
  how do you know he learned american english ? 
  from the clip above it seems relatively neutral , although it is missing some of the elements you 'd expect from us english , the stress on words like ` million ' seem more british than us for example , the pronunciation all round does n't fit with either model perfectly ( although i 'd lean toward british . . ) but then it is fairly heavily accented so ... 
  what part of that was fast ? 
   if something threatens us , the eu can be really `` quick '' ( see greece ) . 
  i 'm not sure that 's a good example , largely because the problem really is n't solved and has been going on for quite a long time . . 
  my point is that it is pretty hard to argue that the active management of borders infringes personal liberty . 
  if there was also a ban on movement , or something else actually restricting people making use of their treaty rights within the eu it would be an issue , but this is essentially an inconvenience at most . 
  it 's not a temporary unravelling of personal liberty , it is the imposition of a mild inconvenience . . 
  yes people seem to be declaring it the end of the eu , the end of free movement and lots of other stuff , yes they are wrong . 
  but it does mark the end of frontier free travel ( not free movement , but the lack of borders ) after two decades , yes its temporary but it your run of anything ends even when it is suspended temporarily and we will see when it is brought back in . . 
  it is by no means clear that frontier free travel across the entire schengen area will be re-established any time soon . . 
  whilst for those learning german , there is the handy randomised notion of gender applied to everything ... 
  remember when we had border checkpoints and it really was n't that bad ? 
  now if they scrapped visa-less travel or something you might have a point , but having checkpoints in place is n't going to cause too much of an issue and as the parent said , if it helps with this crisis it seems like a valid and neccesary step . 
  so not really at all then ? 
  i mean , crossing a border without a check of travel documents is a great benefit , it 's fantastic , makes travel easier and all the rest of it , but it 's hardly a massive attack on personal liberty . . 
   they dont hav the right to kick you out under eu laws . 
  as an eu citizen in another eu state , you have the right to look for a job in another eu country , work there without needing a work permit , reside there for work and stay there even after employment has finished whilst enjoying equal treatment with nationals in access to employment , working conditions and all other social and tax advantages . 
  if you fail to meet those criteria you could absolutely be kicked out of an eu state as an eu citizen . 
  the right to free movement is conditional it is n't absolute ( you ca n't simply move from one country to another to claim benefits or otherwise not work . 
  illegally it is n't impossible , just hard . 
  frankly the only people who would be stupid enough to hand off ( i believe ` hiring ' guns is the norm these days . . ) a random person wo n't be doing it for very long . . 
  even illegal guns are fairly scarce these days , that 's why there are lots of reactivated guns and converted starting pistols knocking about . . 
  yes people import them , no they do n't tend to sell them on the street . . it 's simply not worth it in most cases ( that is n't to say it does n't happen , but it is rare , even compared to places like france and germany . . ) . 
  true , but they are still pretty hard to get hold of , and obviously i assumed legally ( which is next to impossible if not quite . . ) . 
  that does n't seem like even slightly enough time on the range , and you 'd think it 'd be the most valuable part of any military training for people unlikely to be shooting a lot outside of it . . 
   i always wanted to shoot an old bolt action on a shooting range , i assume that 's a lot more fun than modern rifles . 
  i would n't say they are more fun , a little different , but the process , impact and everything else is pretty similar . 
  a handgun ? 
  depending on type it 'd be almost impossible now . 
  there are plenty of guns you can own in the uk , but generally not modern handguns . 
   unless you 're suggesting that this dude was also all the posters in that thread . 
  which seems entirely possible based on this submission ... !, 
   still it was clear , that he would be president , if epp wins the election . 
  sort of , if you follow european politics . . 
  it 's a bit of a stretch to equate that to ` elected '  the obvious solution to things like this would be the establishment of parties on european level , but you do n't sound like you would approve this idea . 
   i 'd actually be quite happy with that , i do n't really see why that is n't the case for ep elections . . 
  it might make things a little complicated with funding and transfers but nothing that ca n't be worked through . 
   i honestly do n't know on which of my statements your second paragraph reacts to , i was n't really referring to anything you had said as such , but more the way people talk about the parliament and commission ( and how they lump in things like the echr . . ) as though they fit into a hierarchical structure with national governments somewhere in there ...  but anyway : in my mind the eu is a strange little mix of both on top ( e.g. 
  the parliament ) and beside ( e.g. 
  the comission ) . 
  so everyone sees what they prefer to see as you put it correctly . 
   there is not much to gain from discussing this . 
  i suppose my point was that they are n't on top , they are separate and that 's really important to understand , the president of the eu is the president of the european commission and elected by eu bodies rather than a directly elected president , his role does n't put him above and beyond national elected positions , but rather in charge of a separate thing . 
  but that is n't that relevant in any case . 
  well . . 
  it 's sort of bizarre in the sense that junker was n't elected by anyone , he was n't an mep and no-one in the uk could vote for him or the party that nominated him ... that in itself sort of shows the disconnect some people have , that and the fact that there are no easy to draw parallels between eu institutions and uk ones and what seem like entirely different directions of travel and perceptions . 
  it 's always slightly amazing when you have people consider the eu as sitting on top ( rather than beside ) national government - essentially as a federal layer , because it does n't make sense in the current set up and obviously is n't the case . 
  yet it sometimes really does seem that people look at the eu and see what they would prefer to see and get upset when it is n't like that . . 
  just as a side note , it would cease to be the largest economic entity in the world in terms of economic size if the uk left , although it would remain the largest consumer market ... that said , china , the us , canada and lots of other countries seem to be perfectly able to sell to the eu , i ca n't see the eu cutting off a market it currently has and would presumably want to keep access too . . 
  the uk is a huge market for the eu too though so it will be a case of compromising based on national interest , much like it is now to be honest , except without the political union . . 
  it 'd effectively be the ` slow ' lane in that multu-speed europe everyone keeps talking about . 
   left wing media hysteria . . and right wing media hysteria , in that all the businesses will leave and we wo n't be able to trade ... no-one has a monopoly on stupid on this subject ( in/out left/right etc. . ) but it will be interesting to see what arguments and issues will be seen as key in the run up . 
  i think traditionally spain . . 
  and ? 
  that really is n't going away and frankly it is n't likely to change that much at all even with an exit . 
  the uk is n't leaving in a fit of pique , both the eu and the uk will want to make sure that there is as little impact as possible on their respective economies ( the uk is a massive market and importer from the resto the eu after all . . ) , businesses will only want to move if there is an actual need for them to do so ( and the costs and adverse conditions they 'd be moving into would be cheaper to deal with than the new situation in the uk . . 
  the question of risk is massively overblown . 
   switching to the eurosceptic camp could really give the labour a boost . 
  just having a discussion on europe would probably help them in areas where they have had issues with ukip ... 
  i 'm not sure ` switching ' is relevant , but actually having some solid positions that take into account people concerns would be good . 
   and corbyn certainly would offer his version which almost certainly includes ending the austerity and killing the ttip deal . 
  yup , which is where this broadly all falls down . 
  i do n't think anyone from the uk side will be able to satisfy even the most marginal demands by any of the major groups in support of a renegotiation and , obviously , quite a few of those groups are quite serious in supporting an exit if there is n't some movement . . 
   we 'll see when frankfurt replaces london as europe 's main stock exchange and multinationals start pulling out of the uk . 
  why would they do that ? 
  this is a bit like the ` if you do n't join the euro , london will cease to be a major financial centre and all the multinationals will go to germany instead . . ' . 
  that did n't happen and frankly i ca n't see it happening this time either , there is simply no need for it and it benefits no-one . 
  there are lots of reasons not to leave the eu , but what you are suggesting simply is n't part of it . 
  there are going to be campaigns on both sides from all sides ( it 's going to get messy but interesting . . ) but if the ` corbyn effect ' really has managed to energise as many people as we seem to assume and assuming a radical ( well . . sort of . . ) message catches on it does potentially mean quite a bit . 
  he is n't going to pull the entire labour party to support an out vote , but he may well shove quite a few waverers over , especially if it is couched in slight less extreme and more credible terms from the left of the spectrum .
