   the eu can never become a federal state without having proportional representation . 
  i 'm sure . 
  but then most people do n't want a federal state so ...  it would be ridiculous to try and build a federal state where luxembourg has as much power as germany . 
  agreed . 
   and if the uk does n't want a federal union , they can leave the largest union of the planet . 
  well , that 's one option , if the uk does n't leave it still wo n't allow the eu to become a federal union , and if the eu does n't make allowances for that it 'll have to start again ...  have fun with a failed economy then . 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen . 
   but all those compromises the uk gets are so annoying , a few years ago , most people were still like `` well , intelligent for them to opt out '' , by now , most people are just furious about the uk always getting a special sausage . 
  those opt outs are there to allow those eu states that do want closer union to go ahead and do that without screwing with the uks position . . 
  the alternative was n't the uk joining in , it was the uk holding everything else back too . 
  erm , companies , governments and individuals in the eu currently have access to the city of london and do make use of it ... 
  but if you try to impose financial regulations on foreign finance enters you are n't going to have access to their services , except where tailored to you are you ? 
  you 'd be locking the eu out of global markets , because the eu ca n't regulate globally . . 
   the disagreements lie within what should be reformed . 
  indeed , and that 's what makes reform impossible to deliver . 
  i quite agree !, 
   if just one of those countries vote no i guess you are out regardless of what the british vote . 
  why ? 
  the british vote is n't somehow dependent on these reforms in any technical sense . 
  if the uk votes to remain , it 'll remain whether the reforms are pushed through or not , that 's basically part of the risk of taking on assurances rather than real change . 
  if some country prevents the changes , that will likely be after any referendum anyway given how long we have until the latest that can happen and how long treaty changes would take . 
  it 's going to come down to promises and spin . . 
   the eu always was about a political union . 
  but it does n't have to be and a lot of people in the uk do n't want more political union , and would prefer the eu were n't about that ...  and if we had no qmv , how would we be supposed to ever get consumer-friendly regulation passed ? 
  surely the tax havens would always protest . 
  the eu would only be able to act where there was unanimous support , and that would mean compromise and horse trading ... so in short , you 'd get consumer friendly regulation ( we had it before qmv . . ) but it would involve give and take and you could n't have blocs forming to use their power to push one issue or another . 
   is it just me but is there a remarkable lack of substance here ? 
  there is , he 's balanced on a knife edge . 
  there is desire for real reform in the uk but that ca n't really be delivered , whilst there seems to be broad opposition to any concrete reform before 2017 from within the eu . . cameron is going to be in a position where he has to spin the idea that he got the needed reform from the eu , without actually getting any real reform , to ensure that he is successful in keeping the uk in the eu . . that might be a bit hard ... but this 'd be the logical starting place . . 
  certainly easier than proposing real reform . 
  i think people also sort of forget why the british empire crumbled with wwi and wwii and the cost that the uk had to put up with during and after . . 
  still , you are right , and there is a fair amount of resentment there , but hey , that 's there whether the uk is in our out . . 
   as long as you banks do n't follow the regulations of the single market , they do n't be allowed to compete on the single market . 
  right ... that 's true , but then the eu does n't have access to uk banks , or any other international financial centres . 
  this kills the eu ... 
   i guess why he was opposed to the uk in the union is still relevant today . 
  ( minus maybe the commonwealt issue ) it is , very much so . 
  for everyone ( up to the cut off anyway . . ) , not just those on the lowest incomes . . you can argue that a lot of the service cuts ate into any tax cuts at that level anyway . . but that 's somewhat irrelevant . 
  the point would be that there would be more money for people in the uk , and the uk government to decide on how to spend . . 
   the eu is an institution for the people , not the companies . 
  now we really are redefining what the eu is about . . 
  the whole four freedoms things clearly balances the freedom of movement of people with capitol , goods and services ... 
  i do n't really understand why any of that would be seen as ` additional rights for companies ... '  the ability to own a company is a privilege , not a right . 
  the ability to organise together to work collectively is a right , it 's free association . 
  companies should n't have any rights that people do n't already have though ( and that is sort of the point of being able to move yourself , or sell your labour , goods , services etc. . ) across borders ...  and if , at all , services should be allowed to be performed in the whole eu , they should be under the legal system used in all but the uk , a civil law based legal system . 
  why ? 
  we do n't have the same legal systems for everything else ... 
   while the empire-building-accusations are completely baseless many smaller nations feel that britain ( and to some extent france ) never got knocked of the high horse of the colonial days and think too highly of themselves in the modern world . 
  possibly , although i think the ` thinking too highly of themselves ' probably comes from the residual power and influence ( as well as the real wealth , political influence and military capacity . . ) of being a prominent nation for such a long time anyway . .  compare it to saying that putin wants the ussr back - he probably does n't but his actions sometimes imply that he thinks himself better than other nations . 
  so just as absurd then !, 
  i think people stick to historical analogies because it is easier to point at their perceived nastiness and failure to be honest . 
  slightly bemused by the clarification in the ` misleading - private aid only ' tag , given that the uk is also europe 's largest provider of foreign aid too , you have to start mashing the statistics to get to the point where the uk does n't meet the fit of the title . 
  although , obviously that is n't what the article is about . . 
   you know , the more you talk about this the more convinced i am that this is something i absolutely do not want . 
  the idea of setting out which law applies to a contract as part of an agreement is something that has existed longer than the eu has been in place ...  if britain has to leave the eu for that to not become reality , so be it . 
  if britain leaves the eu , uk law will still be used in a huge number of contracts . . 
  in all seriousness , this ins ' t really about the eu , its a mechanism that is required for cross border trade ( otherwise how would you do it ? ), 
  and it makes sense . . 
   am i being a bit daft and missing the joke ? 
  i think you are missing a [ sad history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitcairn_sexual_assault_trial_of_2004 ) . . 
  well , i hope we oblige you in leaving , but it 's amusing how choice and self determination can be seen as toxicity . . 
  why ? 
  it 's an apolitical document , produced for government by the department that is responsible for tracking the money . . how is it less partial than the eu in this instance ? 
  yes , i know and i disagree with that , but i 'm not sure how that is relevant to your point . . 
  i like free movement , i know that immigration contributes to the uk economy , i do n't think the only way for the uk to attract migrants is to be part of the eu . . 
   to use a more impartial source : you think a uk treasury report is partial in this area ? 
   yeah but you can understand it comes across a bit selfish , right ? 
  say we pass all these reforms at the behest of the uk , and they then vote to leave after all ? 
  then you 'd have positive reforms . . that 's not a bad thing is it ? 
   if cameron would be fine with a conditional agreement it 's fine by me though . 
  the eu passing something binding that states the reforms will be passed if the uk votes to stay . 
  the problem there is trust , there would be no guarantee that the eu would come around and it seems just as much like undue pressure , and potentially a sly move to keep the uk in whilst not making any changes . .  but to demand reforms merely for a chance of the uk staying ? 
  feels a bit empty . 
  we 'll see where it goes , realistically the push for reforms should have been picked up and dealt with a long time ago , but no one really seemed interested until the legislation for a referendum was put forward . . 
   but to demand this and then hold a referendum on leaving after all that ... 
  the referendum is happening anyway , the negotiation is supposed to be the uk showing the electorate that a reformed eu is great for the uk . 
  people seem to think that the uk will hold a referendum if the uk does n't get its own way , it 's not like that at all , arguably it 's the opposite , the uk is having a referendum , cameron ( who wants the uk to stay in ) is making the case by negotiating reforms . . 
   or your cellar if there 's no wifi or 3g . 
  100 year old house , so that 's a given . 
   i 'll bring wine , cider and foie gras . 
  that 's was also taken as read ... 
  hmm , lets see . 
  first politicians promise something , then they introduce legislation , then the legislation has to pass and then the thing can happen . 
  with a referendum , you probably want a bit of debate time , time to raise money and so on ... do you really think a couple of years ( which is the actual timeline ) is excessive in the context of the issue ? 
   you do realize that all of that is built by cheap migrant labour from us , right ? 
  you realise that it absolutely is n't right ? 
  free movement is great , it is an economic benefit but it is n't dependent on the uks eu membership ... 
  i think if that were the case we 'd all be in a lot of trouble , although you 'd be welcome to come and hide in my cellar ... 
  yes i realise that , i 'd love to see a referendum in the other direction too . . 
  first there was an argument to allow one to happen , then you have to sort of put the [ legislation in place ] ( http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2015-16/europeanunionreferendum.html ) , i realise it 's a bit involved , but democracy can be a bit like that . . 
   ah , yes , they were having that referendum last year . 
  and the year before that . 
  just somehow that referendum never actually comes ... 
  it takes a little while to get the [ legislation in place ] ( http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2015-16/europeanunionreferendum.html ) as i 'm sure you 'll understand . 
  but it 's happening . . 
   scotland ? 
  after the shit show that was the scotland bill last night that 's bound to have put a percentage point in for leave on its own . 
  i 'm always intrigued at the difference between the snp position on eu membership and the rest , so i do n't think that the uk leaving the eu is actually anything close to a real trigger . . 
   no , this is where you start . 
  if you leave then leave now .
