  so . . yeah , it makes sense . 
  what does n't make sense is that we do n't take that approach with other subsidies within industry . 
   pulling the plug on renewables is stupid , we are going to start having blackouts again . 
  reducing subsidies is different to pulling the plug , i was under the impression that the subsidies were n't needed to anything like the degree they were because the industry is now up and running and prices have collapsed ... 
  if that is the case , then surely subsidies should be reduced ( and they should be for other industries that needed subsidies at some point but are now profitable or less necessary ) . 
   back when poland had border checks with germany , my class was traveling by coach en route to uk on a school trip . 
  our teacher made it extreeemely clear that yelling `` heil hitler ! '', 
  is not in the least funny when facing german border guards and this did n't result in a bus full of f kids doing the hitler salute on arrival ? 
  why ? 
  currently there is cooperation between intelligence and policing agencies , the eu is n't going to be granted actual policing powers on the ground by member states and member states are n't going to be ( or are n't in a position . . ) to share everything in terms of intelligence with an external agency either . 
  it might look good , it may well seem like a prestigious but an eu level ` fbi ' would n't have anything like the kind of capacity or capabilities of the national forces . 
  and all of this on the basis of what ? 
  is there any indication whatsoever anywhere that this would actually help , or is this another attempt to use a crisis to push for something that meets a particular narrative . . 
  the article does n't even suggest that the eu should set up its own ` fbi ' ( but rather a cia type organ , which is both even less likely and more likely depending on how much hyperbole you subtract - intelligence sharing vs actual establishment . . ) . 
  it seems to me that if we already ca n't share intelligence information effectively then maybe we should work on that rather than trying to put together a pretty structure and nice sounding acronym first . 
  fta : * france is to push for what is in effect a declaration of war against isis at the united nations security council with a resolution calling on members to `` take all necessary measures '' to defeat the terror group in the wake of the paris attacks . 
  are any of them permanent members of the un security council ? 
  hell , are any of the current members of the unsc on your list of silent supporters ? 
  because if not , it does n't really matter does it . 
   france takes the correct course of action by guiding this through the unsc . 
  not a single state will defend isis anyways and although defensive war is allowed under international law , france wants to observe international law in this situation . 
  good for them , as without these initiatives international law would be meaningless anyways . 
  certainly better to work on the basis of an official consensus ( rather than an assumed one ) than take the ` with us or against us ' approach that others have taken . 
  it also continues the same approach france has taken elsewhere ( mali . . ) . 
  although as i said , i do n't like the way that the guardian has decided to present this , but hey , that 's minor . 
  the un , like the eu is the sum of it 's parts , whether it does anything will be down to the unsc members ( of which france is one obviously ) . 
  * it * does n't push anyone to do anything . 
  and a a resolution calling on members to `` take all necessary measures '' to defeat isis should n't be seen as a declaration of war either , isis is n't a state as much as it would like to be , it does n't have any legitimacy . 
  by all means , lets do whatever is necessary to restore order , law and whatever else to that patch of the world , but lets also be aware that it will cost us and we 'll have to do it together and fairly comprehensively ( and probably look at places like afghanistan and elsewhere that are currently incredibly unstable that will likely see flight to them from syria ... ) . 
  august pretty much . . 
  but the threat of random people being killed is pretty low these days , even with the smaller groups and the odd pipe bomb . 
  there is nothing like the level of activity or the range of activity there was in the 90s . 
  that said , the feeling now with islamic terror and the feeling of threat from the ira in the 90s is n't really comparable , the latter felt more constant and ` real ' to me at least . . 
  i think there is a weird two part issue that basically comes down to a push for radical changes to politics and the failure to differentiate between radical ideas and fringe idea . 
  essentially we have the radical politics of the 70s making a comeback , rather than a party finding radical solutions to today 's problems . . 
  yes that appeals to a vocal minority , but its going to turn off a much larger group , and whilst labour will probably continue to see its core voting for it , it 's going to lose that very large number of moderate left leaning voters who would normally vote for them ( and that support will shift , but i 'm not sure where to , the lib dems are a non-starter , so probably the greens or more likely , toward not voting . . ) . 
   welcome to the modern labour party . 
  a large proportion of the labour party is looking on in horror . 
  i think the phrase ` putting the lunatics in charge of the asylum ' is appropriate . . 
  it 's normal \u00b9 not to go through customs or additional security , or indeed pick up your luggage between connecting flights so you should be fine . 
  \u00b9 apart from in the us apparently where they are utterly fucking stupid about it . 
  i suppose the question would be whether you need to have your fingerprints taken again if you lose your passport , if you do n't then they are being stored . . 
  although apparently the netherlands is the only eu country that stores them by default . 
  was it required for both or just the visa ? 
  obviously a us visa is a us thing so not really relevant ( and as you have no flair i have no idea what country to add your observation to . . ) . 
  do most eu countries take finger prints by default at some point other than when you are being arrested ? 
  * edit , making a table of things where you 'd get fingerprinted - passport applications , id cards , driving licenses etc. . and whether it 's voluntary or mandatory . . basically , any time the state can ask for fingerprints when you are n't suspected of a crime or when you are say , joining the police or getting a security clearance ( assuming flair = country . . ) : * country | situation : -- | : -- slovenia | passport \u00b3 montenegro \u00b9 | id card italy | id card germany | id card ( voluntarily ) spain | id card uk \u00b2 | none ireland | none romania | passport lithuania | id card portugal | id card \u00b9 european country , not an eu member state \u00b2 eu member state , not in schengen \u00b3 i 'm making the assumption that id cards are compulsory and passports are voluntary - correct me if that is incorrect . . 
   instead of limiting the rights of these people just in a purely practical sense , given one of the issues being addressed here is presumably the risk of people and ` stuff ' moving across borders without any checks , how do you only take that right away from `` people who have shown time and time again they are unable to coexist in our society '' but not the ` natives ' ? 
  you either have no check at the border or not , you ca n't somehow tailor that toward one , fairly difficult to id in the first place , group or another . 
   you change the rules of how and for whom this values work = the law should n't apply to all . 
  seriously ? 
  you think the one principle we should get rid of is equality under the law ? 
   no law should protect terrorists . 
  no principles should be shown to them . 
  laws protect everyone , they are also used to deal with terrorists ... 
  but they need to apply to all . 
  that 's exactly what people have been fighting for since god knows when . 
   they choose not to play by rules - they are getting exterminated , no law for them . 
  not your fault that terrorists hate your values . 
  not your obligation to share this values with haters . 
  who gets to define terrorist ? 
  you ? 
  does this get extended to other criminals ? 
  murderers - why do they get protection under the law , what about rapists , child molesters ?!, 
  surely they do n't deserve protection either . 
  as to groups who hate a set of values , or the way countries are run , the fascists , the far right , anarchists , libertarians , communists , they are clearly a problem too . . no law for them either ? 
   not your obligation to share this values with haters . 
  if you do n't live by your values they are n't your values . 
  this is n't an existential threat , but you seem keen to destroy what you think you are protecting . 
   you dont change values - you change the rules of how and for whow this values work , so this flaws cant be used against the system . 
  with the flow of time things change and evolve , so must you . 
  right ... that 's what i said , do what you can to minimise the risk , but stick to your principles and values . . you said :  its an absurd . 
  protecting by law people , that came to overthrow this law . 
  winner always be the one , who doesnt play by rules and doesnt restrict himself with any principles . 
  the law should n't apply to all , we should n't play by the rules or restrict ourselves with principles ... 
   and now there are people , who didnt sacrifice anything for it , who hate it , who want to destroy it and who uses it to claim only rights . 
  and are willing to sacrifice it , which is exactly your argument ...  the system which can be hacked from within with it values will die if you wont change the rules of how this values work . 
  it dies if you change your values because someone threatens them . 
  that whole ` better 10 guilty men go free than one innocent suffer ' is quite important in that context . 
  our system is n't fragile , it is n't threatened by terrorists , it 's threatened by people who want to destroy it to get at the terrorists . 
   they dont have to prove that you did anything bad , they 'll simply lock you up . 
  and after you will be prosecuted . 
  you realise that imposing curfews is pretty draconian and generally only done in exceptional circumstances and even in countries that use curfews , breaching one will get you detained , not prosecuted ? 
  what you seem to be suggesting is arbitrary laws that treat potentially suspicious behaviour as illegal in and of itself , allowing the police to arrest , prosecute and jail you not because you are a threat , or you caused harm , but because you might have done . . 
   winner always be the one , who doesnt play by rules and doesnt restrict himself with any principles . 
  the problem is that for most people , the ` win ' is living in a law abiding democratic society , so the moment you set that aside , you ca n't win anyway . 
  people sacrificed a lot so that countries like france have the rule of law , that there is freedom and that we all have a set of fundamental rights and responsibilities as citizens , that continues to have a cost , and whilst we can tweak things to make it easier to deal with terrorism , or crime , or any other threat , that has to be balanced with the those initial values . . 
  well , that 's a non-article , it 's a small shift in the markets , the nyse dropped almost 1 % on friday , and there are a slew of factors that could have an impact on various european indexes , but to take a sample of the ones that are down and call it a slump and position it as a response to the attacks in paris is n't terribly credible . 
   terrorism was almost always a domestic issue in general , though . 
  ira and eta were both domestic issues . 
  domestic in that many groups and perpetrators were european , but there were attacks across borders . . 
  the issue there is essentially the same , the movement of people and weapons over borders to carry out attacks . 
  there were also more attacks on things like aircraft with significant death tolls . 
  it is different today , but the threat of terrorism does n't feel that much greater than it did 30 years ago , it just seems like it 's coming from a different quarter . 
   it 's just nobody cared because we did n't have the problems with terrorism seriously ? 
  between the neo-fascists , the far right , the extreme left , nationalists and secessionists europe has always had problems with terrorism . 
  in terms of migration we 've had other issues . 
  you might be able to argue that now is different because the source of the migration is also potentially a source for terrorism , but you can hardly argue that terrorism is new across the eu . . 
   decades have passed and things are different . 
  our childhood is massively different to what kids experience today .
