  however , if you want to even have a negotiation basis with china , india , usa , and be taken into consideration , then you need to have the same amount of power and influence . 
  no country in europe can do that right now on an individual basis . 
  please see the extent to which uk has a completely independent foreign policy right now . 
  no , but the eu can negotiate on trade without political union and individual blocs can deal on the basis of their interests too . 
  an eu superstate , or federal europe would kill anything outside of eu positions for individual members states ... 
  it simply does n't make sense on the basis of the requirements . 
   of course we would be making decisions for ourselves . 
  although , more than 1 state would contribute into the decision-making process , and much more numerous interests are to be represented . 
  even so , the supra-national authority would very much be representing eu citizens and their interests . 
  i 'm not sure you can represent the interests of 500 million people effectively , the whole notion of subsidiarity is important , but seems to get rolled up quite rapidly when the shit hits the fan . 
  so effectively you 'd create a level of governance so far out of touch with normal people that it 'd be hard to explain what it represents at all . 
  and for no real benefit that i can really see at this point ...  a superstate is a false notion . 
  a federation is not as simple . 
  the federal level is accorded specific areas of competences in which it can act . 
  any actions outside that areas of competences , or enroches into state level matters would firmly be shut down . 
  until someone misinterprets something about the common market , or decides that state x is doing something they do n't like so they will impose a position or broaden their competencies . . at that point the state in question can no longer do anything independently . 
  it 's not a collection of peers any more , it is a collection of peers subordinate to a federal state with courts and a super-national power structure . 
   as you 're from the uk , you 'd have to think of it as a more cleared and defined relation between scottish/welsh/ni parliaments and london , with westminster only allowed to act on uk-wide issues , and british-wide interests . 
  everything else to be solved by the executives and parliaments of the regions . 
  and if you spend two minutes looking at how that works , you 'd probably understand why the notion of a federal europe is so appalling , not to mention that the size of the various levels of government in the uk are still comprehensible , adding a massive layer on top of that would make it considerably less so . 
  not to mention that right now you 'd have a hard time convincing anyone that the uk should look like four countries with their own parliaments and uk wide parliament on top ( and council/regional authorities below ) . 
  hell , we had a minister for portsmouth last time i looked . . 
   standardisation , removing corruption , bureaucracy and barriers/friction . 
  i 'm not sure how political union removes corruption , or reduces bureaucracy and barriers/friction . 
  standardisation on the other hand does n't require political union . .  scientific progress is 100 % linked to the efficiency of universities and freedom of company operations . 
  no . . it is n't . 
  it 's linked to funding , basic research , the education system , commercial military and other drivers . 
   hiring people from other eu countries is really complicated compared to just hiring from the same country from my experience . 
  hiring someone from within the eea is exactly the same as hiring a national in my experience , you ca n't even discriminate on that basis . 
  and we managed that without political integration ...  no , there are still rules and regulations and bureaucracy that prevent eu citizens from living wherever they want . 
  moving from one eu country to another is magnitudes more complicated than just moving to another city in the same country . 
  really ? 
  i 've moved between eu countries , the moving part and residency related elements seem to be about the same and a tiny part of the move ( finding somewhere to live and all the rest of it is a much bigger burden . . ) . 
   social welfare and scientific progress . 
  pick two or none . 
  lovely line , but again your opinion not based on anything that i can think of . .  except we see the exact opposite happen in pretty much all eastern european countries . 
  and you think that an eu superstate will get rid of that rather than having that integrated into and eating away at eu institutions ? 
  i mean seriously , if you just want to solve some issues in eastern european states then suggest funding and support , do n't assume that a superstate eu will save the day , because it wo n't . 
   and we could make much faster progress in a political union that removes the remaining pointless nation state barriers . 
  why would we make much faster progress in a political union ? 
   i want companies to freely operate , universities to cooperate and students to study in any eu country without the burden of bureaucracy . 
  that pretty much exists now , but it is utterly irrelevant to your initial points about scientific endeavour . . oh and how does universities cooperating involve political union ? 
   i want complete freedom of movement you have that now . 
   and the same welfare policies applied throughout the eu . 
  which again , does n't seem to have any relevance you your initial point and seems to be a ' i want to hand off responsibility to a federal government because . . ' rather than a justification . .  just imagine the boom in all fields of society from economic , social to cultural . 
  i do n't think harmonisation and attempts at homogenization across the eu would create a boom in all fields of society . 
  if anything i think it will create conflict and costs , i think it will create inefficiencies , increase corruption , harm consumers and so on ... 
   all in all , it 's either we decide to go at it together whatever it may be , or the decisions will be made by someone else . 
  that 's how things are and have always been . 
  if we all band together , we are n't making decisions for ourselves any more either , so in terms of making a decision on our own futures , we can do that without surrendering entirely to the creation of a superstate . 
  there are plenty of options short of political union , the pretence that if there is n't political union the chinese will ` take over ' is frankly absurd . 
   the us is making scientific and economic progress and leaving europe in the dust . 
  it really is n't , the eu does a vast amount of research and has massively significant credits to it 's collective name . 
  probably more importantly , those discoveries and that research is often multinational anyway , with researchers from the us , eu and elsewhere working together . .  we have n't even put a man on the moon yet while they are discovering pluto . 
  i did n't think we were aiming to ... we did just land a lander on a comet though , different priorities , different programmes . 
  i 'd rather not be controlled by either ... ? 
  and those are n't the options in any case . 
  well yeah , but i wondered what the parent meant . 
  that moment when you can see a federal europe having english as an official language but the uk not being part of it ... 
   federalizing eu is the only logical way forward . 
  forward towards what ? 
   never even mind schengen , there is also the erasmus programme , which i wish would have been around when i was young enough for it , and which is likely doing more for european integration than fifty eu summits ever could . 
  apart from the fact that using higher education to push a particular political aim being utterly inappropriate and that is n't what it does , i do n't quite see why it would being more integration ` than fifty eu summits ever could ' . 
  i mean , looking at the stats for erasmus it does n't seem to reach a huge number of people , which is a shame , because it looks like a great opportunity . 
  from the uk side , its seems fairly on a par with people travelling to australia , canada and the us . 
  and finally , i 'm sure it dilutely helps foster good relationships between people in different european countries , but i 'm not sure it would encourage anyone to want more unification . . 
  i mean , almost as many brits go on holiday to spain in an average year than have taken part in erasmus since it 's inception but i do n't think many people feel that we should club together and form our own country . . 
   open borders were a direct result of the end of the cold war sort of ... but it certainly did n't cause the end of the cold war , and came about afterwards ( even though open borders had been agreed before hand . . ) because it became easier in a non-cold war and reunified german context . 
   might be hard to see from a non-schengen country like yours . 
  given i spent most of my life living in continental europe i doubt it . . 
  ha , no generally they end up in disaster with the added complication of a child . 
  again , not the greatest analogy ... 
   the us is federalized and it works great . 
  depending on how you define ` works great ' ... 
  i 'm old enough to remember that , and i do n't want the eu to become a state and frankly i do n't think the eu had a lot to do with continent no longer being split in two . . 
  and as a member of the eu your future will be decided by the germans and the french and some people who are more interested in the stability of a currency than the interests of 1.3 million people living in a corner of the union right ? 
  is n't that effectively ukip 's position on immigration ... ? 
   i think it 's cowardly to promote ways of denying resources to the poorest of other countries . 
  just within the eu or are you including poor countries in africa and elsewhere ... because i 'm pretty sure they need more help . 
  you know how some couples try to save their marriages by having a baby ? 
  it 's probably not like that at all , but it 's the closest i could get ... 
   interviews and case by case basis is often decided by how good someone is at bsing . 
  i doubt it 'll be less effective than a system that conflates need with an income snapshot irrespective of relationships and support provision . . 
  i did read the article and the reasoning is in no way convincing . . firstly , this is n't a net neutrality issue , secondly , the argument that - `` if you 're a german customer who wants specific content , you should be able to access it in the uk as well '' , you can , you may need to make a request and it is up to you which isp you go with and the pother point from the article : `` there are clear exceptions for court ordered ip blocks , and ` measures implementing this legislation such as a decision by public authorities ' , so there is no effect on either ip blocks or the government 's objectionable content filters . '', 
  the argument is simply not credible . 
  this seems incredibly unlikely . . 
  this is n't an issue of net neutrality or access , it 's not government mandated and it 's not likely to apply . 
  i mean the filters are counter-productive , do n't work , cause issues and are likely to cause further problems in future , but frankly the solution is lobbying the isps and the uk government . 
   the question becomes : what models of governmental and economic harmonization work ? 
  only if one assumes harmonisation is the only direction of travel ( and i would argue that as with many other systems , there is a benefit to some diversity . . ) . 
   we ca n't stay still . 
  we can either move forward , and work to meaningfully ` complete ' the union ; alternatively we can abandon the european project , dooming the continent to economic ruination for a generation . 
  this is simply not true . . 
  but lets take a step back . 
  the basis for any european union has to be the consent of those who are part of it , it does n't matter how much more efficient or stable a system is if it is imposed rather than arrived at . . that means collectively we need to decide on where the eu is going and get the support of as many people as possible to drive that forward . 
  now that might mean we have a two speed eu , or something else , it might mean the eu comes together as something other than a federal whole , or that it remains or even reverses integration from the current point . 
  none of that is terrible ... now your point seems to be ever further union , or economic ruination . . that simply is n't credible there is no basis for it . 
  germany is the second largest exporter in the world ( after the us . . ) it is n't going to suddenly curl up and die if the eu does n't continue with integration , the uk is the worlds 5th largest economy , france the 6th , they are n't going to suddenly collapse if the eu is n't en-route to a quasi-state . 
  i realise that some people would prefer a federal europe with central eu institutions taking precedence over national institutions , as opposed to the current arrangement of national supremacy . 
  i realise that there are several motivators for that , from domestic corruption to perceptions that an eu wide legislature/government might be more palatable than whatever national government is currently elected .
