  but given that the single market is far from barrier-free and given that the eu is generally more protectionist in dealing with third parties , i do n't expect the uk will get as free access to eu markets , and as a result the eu wo n't get as free access to uk markets , as it would like . 
  the end result is n't going to be far from where it is now though . 
   i 'm pretty sure that eu is the one that will insist on a barrier-free approach i doubt it will insist on a barrier free approach as it relates to services , goods and capital , although you are right that it might push for free movement ... 
  whether people generally include free movement of people as a component of barrier free trade is a question of its own really , it seems to be an extension of free trade that encroaches on social and political areas that are usually not a component of trade agreements ( you will note that ttip , nor any of the other eu trade agreements outside of europe include free movement ... ) . 
  barrier free trade tends to be the aim between developed economies , the eu taking a protectionist approach here would n't be great , but it would also indicate that this is how it intends to trade with the rest of the world too , that is n't good for the uk as part of the eu either ... 
  i hear they lurk near water and attack in mobs when people draw near . 
   the midges slept with my girlfriend i 'm wondering if you misread that word . 
  i sort of hope so . 
  shhh now . 
  think of all the lovely oil , fish , midges and irn bru . 
   so britain should always pay out to ni , regardless of the economic climate , to prevent sectarian violence ? 
  no . . we should be working to ensure that northern ireland 's economic future looks brighter than it does at the moment , because that will help end sectarian violence . 
  poverty and inequality are drivers that can be dealt with through investment and social spending . 
  that should n't just be focused on northern ireland either , but other parts of the uk with issues brought about through chronic underinvestment and low opportunity . . 
   200 nukes , around so many cities , you figure some nuclear plants are going to be near them you need more than one nuke to destroy larger cities , and generally speaking people do n't put their power plants next to their cities ( and indeed they do n't blow up ... ) . 
   likely an `` end of world '' situation as far as people are concerned . 
  not even close ... 
  the last set of polls i looked at had it down at around 45 % with one poll in february putting yes ahead . 
  indeed , almost all the polls since the referendum have had yes behind and not gaining ... maybe i 've missed one . 
  i doubt it , even under fairly optimistic conditions i doubt the feeling would change all that much , there is more support for eu membership in scotland of course , but i 'd question whether that overlaps terribly with those wanting an independent scotland . 
  even if we assume there were another referendum in a few years , unless the uk suddenly suffers a massive economic collapse , and the oil price gets back to a higher level , i ca n't see support suddenly jumping by 10 % . 
  in fact i can see support failing if we end up with a non-tory government in westminster ... 
   in addition to scotland leaving , will at the very least put the question in the air more than usual . 
  scotland is n't going to be leaving though . .  the eu pumps development and infastructure funds into the north like there 's no tommorrow not compared to support from the rest of the uk ... northern ireland needs more support , but ireland does n't have the capacity to provide it and the eu barely scratches the surface ... 
  to be fair , i ca n't see scotland or northern ireland going anywhere in or outside of the eu , so we 'll just have to live with being the greatest country on earth . 
  it 's in the name ( well , one of them ... ) and everything !, 
   no , but moderate nationalists/unionists who are less concerned with `` being british '' or the crown and more concerned with economic issues and social services could have their opinion changed if the current `` deal '' with britain becomes worse due to the brexit and a better deal is possible through unification . 
  except of course that the latter is n't possible given the state of ireland at the moment and the notion of even moderate nationalists or unionists suddenly deciding that republicanism is a better approach , on the back of a change that many , many unionists and nationalists support seems incredibly unlikely ...  it would n't happen in the current economic situation but the eu could potentially offer major financial incentives towards it . 
  its impossible to say right now , anything could happen should britain leave the eu . 
  right , so if everything changed then maybe at some point , but given how unlikely it is , i think we can leave it in the realm of fantasy ... 
   there is n't an overwhelming amount but there is n't an insignificant amount either there is some support and a lot of opposition . 
  you may remember there was a little trouble over this issue , a fair amount of disagreement you might say . .  and regardless of the extent , a british exit of the eu and the possible subsequent exit of scotland from the uk would alter the quantity of support in some way or another . 
  i doubt it ( and i doubt scotland is going to exit the uk either for that matter , frankly i 'd be surprised if there is a huge difference between the vote in scotland and other parts of the uk . . ) . 
  if anything , n.i. 
  is more eurosceptic than the rest of the uk , not less . 
  do you seriously think some bulk of unionists are suddenly going to shift their position toward reunification because the uk has left the eu ... ? 
  i realise that , and i think most people do . 
  to pick up your point on investment though , the really key point is that investment and public spending should be much higher , if for no other reason than it reduces the risk of sectarian violence and does help to build cohesion between as well as within communities . 
  it 's a real shame that this has been harmed by the current government and frankly , has never been enough of a priority for previous ones either . 
  seems a bit of a twat . 
  although he 's right in saying that there is n't a vast amount of support for reunification in ni . . 
  it 's always nice to tie things to other things ... plus last time there was a vote the republicans boycotted it ( so it ended up being something absurd , like 99 % for remaining part of the uk . . ) , although even if every voter who did n't vote had voted for independence it 'd still have been well short of a majority ... 
  i do n't think ( although i may have a bit of a bias . . ) that there is n't really a whole lot of enthusiasm for reunification . . 
  i do n't think a change in the uks eu membership would change that either . 
  hell , the dup is campaigning for leave ( and us currently the uk 's fourth largest party after the tories , labour and snp . . ), 
   and you typically do n't send an ssbn that close to something you do n't own . 
  that 's not entirely true of what is known about russian ssbn patrols historically , yes they do n't generally go anywhere near coastal areas , but they do seem to patrol close to the us and european coasts ( the bay of biscay would fit that and it 's incredibly deep even relatively close in to the coast . . ) . 
  the reason being that it reduces missile flight time to below a reasonable response time , making things like abm options even more limited than they are normally all without increasing the risk to the boats significantly . 
   where you will eat the finest meals taking it way too far . 
  i know , it 's up 33 % , that 's an extra 128 applications in just one year . 
  [ the actual article linked in the tweet of all things ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/chernobyl-fukushima-radiation-idinkcn0wb0b7 ), 
   under the teeth buy an english phrasebook whilst you are at it . 
  this is n't something that actual mps and their equivalents around the eu have from their national parliaments and they see and handle far more sensitive material and likely face greater threats too . 
  it smacks of little more than self-importance . . 
   well i said essentially end the world . 
  which dropping 200 nukes on the world would effectively would lead to every country failing in some capacity be it economic , political or sheer destruction and s significant portion of the population would be dead , so the world would be effectively over . 
  if you used 200 nuclear weapons and were looking for the most population casualties , you could probably kill the top 25/30 most populated cities . 
  that 's maybe 300 million people . 
  that would mean quite a lot of countries would remain utterly untouched . 
  if you were going for say , every capital city in the world ( and you would n't be able to destroy all of them entirely ... you 'd kill fewer people , but decapitate most government , but again , you 'd leave a lot of infrastructure and such in place . 
  it 's be a massive disaster , it 'd change the world on a scale considerably greater than wwii but it would n't end the world , or even essentially end the world . 
  20 years after the world would be different , but recovering too . 
   so if 200 nukes could achieve that , why do you need 5000 or even 500 in event of a nuclear war the answer to that is you do n't . 
  largely because you do n't want to end the world , you just want enough weapons to deter anyone ever from attacking you . 
  100 probably does that just as well as 200 . 
  the reason the likes of russia and the us went for 5000 is because of the number of targets they were going for , as well as the risk of their weapons being destroyed before they were used ( and in some cases to counter abm systems . . ) . 
  the us and russia did n't ever expect to be able to launch 5000 + weapons , they expected enough to survive a sneaky first strike , to mean that a second strike would still utterly devastate their enemies , and so remove any benefit from a first strike . 
   i mean hitting even the largest country with 200 nukes in areas of population build up would essentially destroy that country . 
  hitting essentially any country in populated areas with 3-5 nukes would do a good job in destroying leadership , health capacity the economy and so on . 
  doing it with 200 would have a massive impact , but it 's somewhat survivable for something as large as russia , china or the us . 
  doing it to the uk would kill 99 + % of the population , destroy all the key infrastructure and housing and make it almost impossible to rebuild . 
  it 'd mean the uk ceased to exist . 
  but the parents claim was that 200 nukes would be enough to destroy the world , which it is n't . 
  very true , especially in the context of where and in what quantity the weapons are used . 
  however 200 nuclear weapons are n't enough to destroy the world . 
  enough to destroy the uk in any meaningful sense sure , enough to trigger a response that might well kill a significant proportion of the human population maybe , and that 's quite bad enough . 
   and 200 is enough to destroy the world no . . 
  it is n't , it 's enough to kill rather a lot of people , but you wo n't destroy the world with 200 nukes , or even come close really . 
  the us has just under 5000 deliverable nuclear warheads , and of course there have been over 500 above ground nuclear tests . . 
  that does n't include juveniles either . . 
  however i think comparing europe to such a massive outlier is n't terribly reasonable , the us essentially represents the worst possible scenario . 
  it 's a bit like comparing the state of human rights in the eu to north korea . 
  it does n't so much as put things in perspective , as skew the perspective entirely and diminish the issues that still do exist in europe . 
  if you look at the weightings , child care costs , paid leave and a couple of others are all weighted lower than the pay , wage and participation differences . 
  so , next up ` what does your country taste like ' then ... !, 
  also , i 'm hungry . 
   a fire like a ground/bush fire ? 
  oh dear ... [ peat fires ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peat#peat_fires ) are pretty hard to deal with and unfortunately happen way too easily when it 's dry ( which happily is n't that often where you have lots of peat . . ) . 
  that smell is lovely , although usually when i smell it it 's because there is a fire in the peak district ( the smoke seems to be really quite persistent and goes a long way . . ) . 
  as a side-note i always associate the smell that two-stroke exhausts with greece and cyprus . 
  winner . 
  i once worked down wind from an onion processing facility . 
  that did n't smell like chocolate ... 
  going running in the summer at lunch , you 'd essentially get gassed if the wind was coming the wrong way . 
  chocolate sounds much better ... 
   i do n't think there 's much of a shy brexit factor here . 
  i 'd argue that there is a significant ` shy brexit factor ' , the association of leaving the eu with ukip and to a certain extent intolerance means that people who do support leaving on the left are considerably less open about it . 
  whether that is an issue for polling is a different matter though . 
   did n't have to pay turkey though . 
  the uk sort of is though . .
