  there is a difference between negotiating access to the esm and becoming a member of the esm and the difference is what quite a few of the people that want to leave the eu are looking for . . 
  so surely that 's a good thing from the uk perspective . . 
   or uk implements some kind of residents registry ( so eu citizens wo n't live illegally in the country ) . 
  why does it need to do that ? 
  the uk already has visa free access from any number of countries , if people overstay the amount of time they are allowed , they get deported , if they try to work when they do n't have a visa , they can be caught and removed ... 
  there are n't really any good arguments to build a massive wall and start registering everyone ( beyond the usual needs for paying tax , voting , health etc. . which is n't necessarily based on residency or nationality anyway . . ) . 
  how do i not know about them doing this !? 
  i think that 's an idea worth pinching . . 
   for example , you can exchange information with other groups instead of reinventing the wheel in every nation again . 
  you can , if you can get past the various barriers in place ( language culture etc. . ) and you can build that pan-national organisation and coordinate it properly ... do you see that working ? 
  i do n't ...  please wake up to reality . 
  please pay attention . 
  you do n't have to compromise on the international stage on most issues , because most are domestic and not relevant to other countries or your interactions with them . .  about as relevant to london whether someone in bristol is seen by a doctor or a nurse . 
  no it is n't because the health system is the same in london and bristol and paid for from the same pot , provided on the same basis . 
  that is n't the same across the eu ...  besides , the polish and german governments are only involved because we still use the clunky and indirect decisionmaking of involving national governments in too many policy areas of the eu . 
  the opposite is the issue , less should be being done at the eu level and lets face it , this stuff does n't have to apply across the eu . .  they would n't be involved if the eu became less a gathering of national states and more a mature political government level . 
  right . . but there is very little political or democratic support for that , and at that point the eu would have an even more direct approach to things like health . . that does n't help with subsidiarity , it blows it up entirely . .  europe is not the world , it 's projected to fall back to 6 % of world population . 
  no , but it 's a large chunk . 
  there is little benefit in harmonisation for the sake of harmonisation . 
   that 's circular reasoning . 
  if you want to bring government closer to the people and political division is the way to do it , no , that 's one way to do it , the other way is to have distinct levels of government , like the uk has ...  then you should support political division in your own country too . 
  i support having local government and the right powers at the right point , just because it does n't fit with your narrative does n't make that invalid . .  if not , then you 're inconsistent and opportunistic and i ca n't take that argument seriously then . 
  clearly not . .  a larger unit is better able to represent the interests of its citizens on the world stage . 
  why ? 
  it may be , it may not be it depends on the organisation and whether it is representative . 
  to be honest it has more to do with common interests , and if the organisation seeking to represent you , does n't represent your best interest or positions then it clearly is n't ` better able ' . 
  do you think polish people were better represented on the world stage when they were part of the ussr ? 
   it 's not going to be pushed without consent . 
  stop that rape fantasy . 
  in which case what is the point of having the discussion , there is no consent at the national level , no demand below it , and it would n't do what you claim anyway ... 
  so what 's the point ? 
  [ link to a google cache of the article ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:0can67xxf8qj:www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9faf952c-825d-11e5-a01c-8650859a4767.html+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk ), 
  relevant bit : * europeans love to blame american cultural imports for lowering standards : junk food undermines culinary traditions , us slang creeps into the continental argot and hollywood kills art house cinema . 
  * * next up for debasement : lending standards in european capital markets . 
  the legal language of covenants has shifted , with terms and conditions attached to the leveraged loans popular with private equity firms becoming looser , emulating the market across the atlantic . 
  * * in 2011 , europe boasted precisely zero of these so-called `` covenant lite '' deals ; so far this year they comprise 45 per cent of all institutional loans across the market , according to s&p capital iq . 
  * * this marks a new post-crisis development : even at the height of the credit boom in 2007 covenant-lite loans accounted for just 7 per cent of the market in europe . 
  they then disappeared completely for the next five years . 
  indeed , and commented on it because i disagree and think most people would . 
   there is an attractive alternative to the eu . 
   a full federal europe . 
  i 'm not entirely sure that most people in the uk would see that as an attractive alternative , and i 'd include the bulk of people who passionately support the eu in that ... 
   the british vetoed dehaene for commissioner in 1994 for ` reasons ' , and then they vetoed him again in 2011 when he was set to be president of the commission for ` reasons ' . 
   dehaene was probably the most talented prime minister we had in the last 30 years , and if you read his memoirs these two episodes had a lot of backstabbing and whisper campaigning . 
  and you can see why that kind of politics ( partially intended for domestic party consumption , partly based on a fear that a particular candidate would be bad for the uk ) is n't the same as having someone uselessly sit in front of an office , essentially to boost someone 's feeling of importance right ? 
   it 's more of a problem than an opportunity for the uk , i think . 
  nobody is going to be happy to favour a uk position within the eu when there 's no real reciprocal favour the uk can do for it within the eu . 
  its not , the uk will be offering open market access to what is currently 20 % of the eu , each member state will be pushing to ensure their particular interests are protected and that they have the access they need . 
  and whilst the uk will be negotiating with the eu , it will be able to push each member state too . . we 'll see on that one i suppose . 
   hmm . 
  i 'm not sure that rapid response regulation really provides a more stable regulatory environment than slow regulation . 
  it 's about being predictable . 
  the uk approach is predictable and permissive , the eu approach has n't been in some areas . . that is a problem . 
   an awful lot of the problem for entrepreneurialism seems to be social conventions and social democracy , and i 'm not sure the cure is better than the disease there . 
  i really do n't agree with that at all given there is a a significant variance of social conventions across the board in the eu and yet consistent issues , especially with investment . 
   heh , no , but on the other hand the uk negotiating face to face with the us is in an even worse position than face to face with the eu . 
  possibly , but again , the us and uk are both aiming for open markets . .  i do n't know - i sometimes feel that the uk is trying to act like a wealthy , trade-and-service-oriented , laissez-faire city-state , which london certainly is . 
  but i 'm not even sure that london wants that . 
  and i get the impression that a lot of the pro-eu crowd think that trade is something that you ` give ' to smaller companies as some sort of reward for good behaviour and ignore the the last decade of liberalisation ( some of which i 'm frankly not even that pleased about , but it 's certainly the direction of travel . . ) . 
   sure , but those are pretty lightweight , and will presumably require assent from within the eu . 
  that is sort of the point in terms of bilateral access . 
   looking at the council records suggests that the uk 's views on things are often unpopular , and without a perceived need to keep the uk on board , and without opportunities for the uk to horse-trade on regulation , i 'd expect a serious drop-off in the uk-friendliness of eu regulation . 
  except of course the uk will still be in a position to horse trade , because the eu will have preferences on uk regulation too . 
  the eu will be in a relatively strong position of course , but not across the board , and i 'd add that the uk is generally not alone ... 
  the eu is still going to be working on a compromise basis across 27 economies , that 's not the best place to start from . 
  but , i 'd agree that in terms of direct influence on eu regulation the uk would both drop in influence and also see a reduction in the impact of that regulation on the bulk of its trade . 
   unless your trade is with the eu , of course . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what issues you mean , so ca n't comment on those as such . 
  tends to be around technology and science , essentially the eu takes a default no position far too readily and takes too long to regulate effectively , and lately seems to be using trade to push in other areas . 
  gmo is one area , medical devices another , net neutrality is another problem area , financial technology too , actually it 's in quite a lot of areas ... 
  it stunts domestic development by providing an unstable regulatory environment , that pushes investment out of the eu and to the us . . anyway , . 
   ut i ca n't see there being a ttip for the uk - the current us administration has ruled it out . 
  a trade negotiator suggested that the us might not look for future ftas but would prefer to work within the frameworks it is building . . well , i 'm sure they would , but they are also working hard to open markets to us companies , they are n't going to ignore the uk on principle either . 
   sure - i suspect , though , that it would be simpler to say that uk companies would comply with eu regulations if they wanted to export into the eu , but did n't have to for uk and non-eu markets . 
  some regulatory convergence , but probably limited on the basis that eu regulations would essentially be optional for uk companies . 
  indeed , although given the division of uk exports , and the size of the uk economy that is a fairly sensible move - i 'd probably also add that whilst there would likely still be regulatory convergence , the uk does tend to take a much more hands off approach and encourage both independent standards development and self-regulation where appropriate . 
  that means uk firms could be more flexible ( and can obviously still lobby for regulatory changes . . ) . 
   domestic small business sector would be freed from the grip of brussels , and entirely in the grip of whitehall ( or holyrood , depending ) . 
  that 's the argument , and obviously a significant number of uk smes do n't export so that makes sense . 
  i also wonder what it 'll do for innovation within that space given that we have seen ( and indeed there was a decent discussion within the lords science and technology committee yesterday on it ... ) delays in the eu using its powers under existing regulations leading to both flight to the us and disinvestment . .  thing is that i suspect you 'd see nearly the entire uk larger company sector and the financial sector complying voluntarily with the eu rules , and the effects of that would flow back through the chain . 
  where they have significant contact with the eu sure , but you 'd have to take into account that for a lot of products and services uk firms already have to deal with multiple regulatory regimes . . 
  so it 'll probably vary by industry ( financial services being the least obvious given the varied burden already placed on them and the fact that the uk is preferentially used as the base for transactions because it does have both good regulatory mechanisms and a very effective legal system ... ) . 
   there would obviously be a strong push from those companies to have more say in the making of eu rules , or they might prefer to move to a country actually in the eu , where the government would have such a say . 
  possibly , but not that likely , after all there would have to be negotiation on non-tariff barriers anyway , so to a certain extent the uk government will have a mechanisms for input on the rules ( and i would expect the eu to have the same input on uk regulation ) in much the same way as there are such mechanisms between fta states . 
  that and the fact that there are currently and some real issues with eu regulatory approaches that seem to be getting worse and you have some incentives to stay put rather than move . . 
  the uk will straddle a fairly interesting space if it leaves the eu and i do n't think that is one that will see companies moving to the eu , but rather using the uk for access to both the eu and other markets ( that might change with ttip , but we 'll see where that goes and frankly , i 'm not sure where that is going to end up ) . 
  well , obviously i had to reply to that ( and this ) , but i think it clarifies it nicely and i think i 've done the same . . maybe . 
   hopefully i 'm clearer this time !, 
  much clearer and i think i broadly agree with your thrust . . that said i the absence of tariff barriers is entirely possible ( and desirable bilaterally . . ) without the accessing country being bound by the same rules as members of the esm obviously exporters would have to comply with whatever regulatory hurdles ( essentially non-tariff barriers . . ) are in place and there should be mechanisms to review and deal with additional barriers if they arise ( as well as access to a functional legal system in both countries for exporters ... but that should n't ever be an issue with the eu . . ) . 
  that way any pressure for standards harmonisation should come from within the markets themselves ( i.e. 
  uk exporters wanting uk standards aligned with eu ones ... ) but not imposed . . obviously national standards and regulatory approaches would essentially default to the highest standard ( where they are n't directly incompatible . . ) and i would assume there would continue to be joint standards development , given that has existed longer than the eu anyway . . 
  so as a not so short tl : dr i would assume the uk and eu would look for tariff free bilateral access with negotiated technical and regulatory approaches directed purely at that trade ( and not as something that applies to say internal markets ) . 
  as an example , the uk and eu could trade in wheat , but the uk would be free to produce gmo wheat for domestic and non-eu trade where that has n't yet been authorised within the eu , or the uk could trade testing equipment with the eu , but not be bound by proposed regulations relating to who should be authorised to use it ... make sense ? 
  well , that was fun . 
  i 'll sidle out this way , maybe no-one else will notice . . 
   i also do n't expect the uk pm to be treated as the un secretary-general , they 're too important for that . 
  hell , they 're actually important compared to the un . 
  i think in practice the uk pm will be treated with a great deal of respect , and something huge must have happened to let him wait . 
  probably other uk cabinet members wo n't be so lucky . 
  let me be clear , i would n't expect my government to keep a foreign head of government waiting , regardless of where they came from .
