  and my point was that when you have a miscarriage of justice , isds is n't really the appropriate mechanism . 
  loewen vs. 
  us was n't a case of a government acting in a discriminatory fashion intentionally , it was absolutely a miscarriage of justice . 
  setting up an alternate method might well mean that bad decisions are at least mitigated , but it will also mean good decisions are challenged and mitigated too . 
  all in all , at that point you do n't really need isds , and obviously the issue if justice comes up here too , you end up in a position where foreign investors have more access to legal recourse than other investors . 
  surely that is problematic too . 
  and we just got some of the bins back too . . 
  sidenote :  is america 's `` functional '' ? 
  i 'd actually argue that the us legal system is generally only borderline functional ... 
  but when it comes to civil law , generally it 's not as fucked as their criminal system is , although to a certain extent that 'll depend upon the state you are talking about . 
  however i think it 's as capable of dealing with disputes as isds style bodies are in most cases ... 
  they were built to separate communities in areas where there had been clashes . 
  you can walk around them and they were build by the government who controls the land they were built on ... like i said , incomparable . 
   that 's not a rule , and can you define a `` functional '' legal system for me ? 
  is america 's `` functional '' ? 
  they are one of the most protectionist countries on the planet ... what about canada , is there legal system `` functional '' ? 
  those systems are indeed generally seen as functional , yes . 
   imo it 's important in every country . 
  being `` functional '' does n't stop you from being protectionist . 
  no of course not , but if isds is n't supposed to be about getting around domestic law ( as you point out later . . ) i do n't see the relevance as us law ( things like the buy american act . . ) are inherently protectionist and legal . . 
  the point is that we are all supposed to be working in the same legal framework , having a separate and harder to access ( especially by those with issues with investors . . ) system that is open to only one side of an issue does n't solve that , it simply inverts the risk . 
   isds can not do that ... isds tries to do that by providing a mechanism for investors to protect investments ( and returns ) from legislation or decisions that they feel harms that investment . 
  you are right that a company ca n't continue breaking a new law , but they can get compensation for the impact of the change on their investments . 
  at the same time , domestic investors ca n't ...  but is there recourse and mechanisms for dispute resolution between a foreign corporation and a country ? 
  this is n't a country vs country court , this is a corporation vs country court . 
  why should a company have recourse directly against a state ? 
  the agreements that we make are between countries , when there are violations it can just as well be dealt with by those states . .  source ? 
  it 's there to protect foreign investors from protectionism , perhaps you 're against it ; but saying it 's there to `` screw over their constituents '' is just hyperbole . 
  its to protect foreign investment , not just from protectionism but also from actions of a foreign government that harm an investment . 
  that includes measures that a democratic elected government puts in place in a non-discriminatory way . 
  why should a foreign firm be allowed to sue and seek compensation over say , minimum wage hikes when a domestic company would n't be able to ? 
   i think i cant really follow you ? 
  why the same pool of people ? 
  the people who are appointed to the bodies that carry out isds tend to be from the legal profession , generally senior . 
  they tend to be exactly the same people who would rule on cases in courts anyway and are supposed to be using broadly the same approaches . 
   it is as court decisions can be discriminatory ( check the basic case of loewen v. us ) . 
  the judgement in loewen v. us and the conditions applied to it were ( in my view . . ) discriminatory and frankly somewhat nonsensical , but i do n't think it would have made any difference if it had been a us company and it was settled . . 
  i know that some people point to loewen v. us as a really good example of isds working ( and others as it being literally the devil . . ) , but frankly i 'm not sure it does either terribly well , it 's basically a miscarriage of justice that was then addressed in the wrong forum ... 
   even in our highly developed judicial systems , discrimination happens , jury systems having stronger tendencies to do so . 
  yes , but at that point you have the same risk in an isds system given you are drawing from the same pools of people and would have the same issues , so why set up a separate system with less oversight ? 
  you 'd be right on the impact of a jury , but that is n't really relevant in context ... 
   unforunately everybody is inherently protectionist , and isds allows a way for de-escalation between nation states and gives foreign corporations a chance of legal recourse . 
  a functional legal system does that though , and should do it without favour and in a manner that is in line with the law . 
  isds is important where there is n't a functioning legal system , where there is one it is unnecessary and arguably goes from being a mechanism to dealing with protectionism for investors , to a mechanisms for getting around domestic legislation for investors . 
  where there is legislation being passed at the national level there is already recourse and mechanisms for dispute resolution between countries but it seems utterly absurd to bind national parliaments in the context of quasi legal arbitration mechanisms in a manner that , unless there is actual judicial abuse , is basically there to screw over their constituents ... 
   police officers should have the bullet in the camber , but the safety must be always on . 
  why should they even have a round in the chamber . . ? 
  there is no need for it unless the police officer believes that there is a threat . . make ready when you need to be not before . 
  firing a round ` accidentally ' should n't be a thing for anyone authorised to carry a firearm , it 's almost always negligent not accidental and should be treated as such . 
   that 's very dangerous , all police cars/vans should be always locked when officers are out of them . 
  probably more importantly , weapons should be carried or locked up . 
  locking police vehicles if the officers have to jump out or similar might be impractical ( although should be the norm most of the time . . ) leaving weapons unlocked in them should be unthinkable . 
   in conclusion we have a problem not with the gun , but with police officers ( especially with their superiors and trainers ) . 
  agreed . 
   people like to also bring up how `` immoral '' the wall is while they ignore the fact one was built between two eu nations that still exists today ( belfast peace wall ) . 
  which ` two eu nations ' were the peace lines built between ? 
  can we be really fucking clear that the walls in northern ireland are really incomparable with the israeli wall , both in purpose , location and legitimacy ... its insane that anyone would look at the two and think they are the same , apart from the fact that they are indeed walls . 
   i would use the word `` interests '' in any context because it has a broader definition that just `` territory '' . 
  get your head out of your ass , stop making up shit because you ca n't put together a decent argument . 
  i have to agree with / r/gorfell . 
  when you talk about having a navy to protect eu interests it shows particular mindset . 
  the uk does n't have a navy to protect its interests , it has a navy because you need one if you are defending an island . 
  the falklands again are not some distant uk interests , they are british overseas territory , the uk has an obligation to them , one it could n't guarantee that it could fulfil if instead of an independent military it was simply part of an eu organisation . 
  but it 's all pretty academic anyway , whilst the uk and other countries might continue to contribute forces to eu organisations , they will continue to be british troops . 
  the uk is n't going to allow its armed forces to be subsumed into an ` eu military ' any more than it is going to join the euro . . 
  the uk is great at multinational operations , that is pretty much the norm now and that is the most likely shape of any eu mission . . 
   i did n't realize cameron was pushing for that . 
  hopefully that 's just a boiler plate policy that 's built to be jettisoned during negotiations , because it seems pointless and needlessly antagonistic . 
  it 's politically popular ... 
  it 's probably one of the few negotiating points that everyone ( whether they agree with it or not . . ) understands well , and it 's amongst a set of fairly weak positions compared to what people who would like to see significant reform ( or have the uk leave the eu ) actually hoped for , whether they are on the left or the right of the issue . 
  so i doubt it 's an issue cameron would want to drop , i had sort of wondered if it was something that would be broadly easy to get through and would be an easy political win for cameron ... 
   ni ca n't work as one and we expect to get eu to act as one ? 
  i do n't think the issues in northern ireland are particularly relevant , but i 'd agree that i do n't think we can expect the eu to act as one . 
  i do n't think the eu can work as much beyond a block of like-minded countries , a single market without further political or social union ... 
  stupid enough without trying to make it apply retroactively . . 
  better than it has been , and it 's not about religion as much as it is about identity . . 
  but i 'm not sure what your point is , what does the split in northern ireland ( which is now mostly being dealt with on a political basis . . ) have to do with disunity within the eu ? 
  the eu not being united now , and not having been more united in the past , in the way some people seem to think it has ( and that we are now seeing a split . . ) is hardly down to who is flying what flag on newry street . . 
   it 's a word that was used mostly to describe racism and stuff only if you have the vocabulary of a 6 year old . . 
  i mean come on . 
  probably not , the law applies to existing pv installations , it 's not being applied retroactively ( based purely on the comments above ... you would n't have broken the law selling electricity from < 100kw systems if you did it before the law passed , you would now ) . 
  that 's not really any different from any legislation . . 
  when was there a united europe ? 
  its something that the eu needs to move forward , but i do n't think it has ever existed to the degree people ( especially on here . . ) think it did or should . . 
  [ and for all eu states ( albeit in debt to gdp ) ] ( http://www.debtclocks.eu/public-debt-and-budget-deficits-comparison-of-the-eu-member-states.html ) well done to the czech republic , denmark , estonia , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , poland , romania , slovakia and sweden who are the only eu members who have met the maastricht requirements of debt limited to 60 % of gdp and annual deficits no greater than 3 % of gdp ... not that anyone really worries about those and they seem largely disconnected from economic performance . . 
  so , yay . 
   how many syrian refugees did uk took ? 
  the uk has an asylum system , there are around 120,000 refugees in the uk , and over 35,000 pending asylum applications . 
  the proportion of those that are syrian is probably reasonably small and the uk does n't have the kind of direct influx of refugees as the rest of the eu has at present because it can and does manage its borders and because when it comes to syria , the uk has taken a different approach in accepting refugees . 
  but if you want to make it all about the current crop of syrian refugees , then fine ... 
  i do n't quite know what it proves though . 
   its a common market , same regulation must apply everywhere or it hurts competition . 
  right , but there is a significant difference between regulation as a foundation of a banking union and free movement of capital and the single market as it relates to financial services ...  this progress is an incremental one . 
  uk should leave because the same problem will show up again in the future . 
  agreed . . 
   first it is undemocratic . 
  a majority of the eu 's population live in eurozone countries . 
  to make them incapable of voting for what they want is peculiar to say the least . 
  to bind the uk to measures that are designed to strengthen the eurozone when it is n't part of that is just as problematic though . 
  you ca n't set up a second club ( the eurozone . . ) and then try to use the institutions of the eu to manage it and apply that to all members ( including those outside of the eurozone ) .
