  * can you imagine what the political implications would have been if the uk had thrown money at the eurozone for a bail out given the view of people in the uk on euro membership and the really , really clear cut position taken before hand ? 
  same goes for the position on asylum , the uk has a system that works , is n't part of schengen and should n't be coerced into positions it has worked to avoid . . 
  it 's bizarre really that anyone would see any different possibility - regardless of the party in government and regardless of their position on europe . . 
  finally - take this : * `` in my five years in coreper , britain was only outvoted once , and that was a put-up job where we and the germans agreed secretly to be outvoted so the french could claim a victory on the cultural exception in the gatt talks , '' he told reuters . 
  * * `` in return , the french let themselves be outvoted on the agricultural provisions that their farmers did n't like . 
  '' * * that kind of horse-trading is typical of the way eu members exchange favours , sometimes on unrelated dossiers . 
  * and you wonder why people might think that the eu is a bad idea , that it has at best a veneer of legitimacy and transparency that does n't survive close inspection . . 
  possibly the most alarming part of this would be the : * `` faull said the european commission did not have a ` plan b ' if britain voted to leave the eu . 
  '' ( but ) we are working hard to try to make sure it does n't happen ... 
  there is no doubt that it would have very considerable consequences for our continent and for our union , '' he said . 
  '' * it seems like a very bad idea not to have something in place already , especially given the time frame and the fact that if the uk votes to leave , that 's it , there is no more negotiation or discussion on the intent ( even if there is a decent period to work out the details ... ) . 
   europe 's leaders , often busy criticizing israeli anti-terror techniques , would be well-advised to quickly call their colleagues in jerusalem to learn about those very techniques . 
  we must also learn from israel about public resilience , which allows the jewish state to fight terror without canceling football matches and closing shopping centers and discos -- in short without giving up that `` joie de vivre . '' i do n't think we have to look as far as israel to learn about public resilience ... 
  this seems to be a particularly belgian problem . 
  spain , france , the uk , germany etc. . have all suffered terrorism at one point or another yet out-right locking down of public life was n't part of the response . 
  terrorism is n't new , islamic terror is n't scarier or somehow more of a threat than any other we 've faced over the last few decades and like almost all the other terrorist groups , we 'll still be here when they have failed . 
  that 's there . 
  i merged the two lists on the site that lists them so i assume they are all there ... 
  i do n't think i am . . who is missing ? 
  so just to clarify that 's bangladesh , benin , bhutan , bosnia and herzegovina , burkina faso , burundi , cambodia , cameroon , chad , china , c\u00f4te d'ivoire , denmark , djibouti , democratic republic of congo , egypt , el salvador , estonia , finland , france , gambia , germany , ghana , guinea , guinea-bissau , indonesia , italy , jordan , kenya , liberia , madagascar , mauritania , nepal , netherlands , niger , nigeria , norway , portugal , romania , rwanda , senegal , sierra leone , sweden , switzerland , togo , tunisia , turkey , * united kingdom * , united states and yemen . 
  so , as a brit here goes ( a somewhat re-purposed joke . . ) . 
  : seems there was a young german soldier , who , just before deployment , told his zugf\u00fchrer that he did n't have a rifle . 
  `` otto got the last one and franz got the bullets , but it 's no problem , '' said the zugf\u00fchrer . 
  `` everyone is being issued with a broom . 
  just point it at the enemy , and go ` bangety bang bang ' . '', 
  `` but what about a bayonet ? '', 
  the zugf\u00fchrer pulls a piece of straw from the end of the broom and attaches it to the handle end . 
  `` here , use this ... just go , ` stabity stab stab ' . '', 
  the soldat ends up alone near kidal , holding just his broom . 
  suddenly , ein feindlichen k\u00e4mpfer charges at him . 
  the recruit points the broom . 
  `` bangety bang bang ! '', 
  the enemy combatant falls dead . 
  more of the enemy appear . 
  the soldat , amazed at his good gl\u00fcck , goes `` bangety bang bang !, 
  he mows down the charging horde by the dozen . 
  finally , the battlefield is clear , except for one k\u00e4mpfer walking slowly toward him . 
  `` bangety bang bang ! '', 
  shouts the recruit . 
  the enemy combatant keeps coming . 
  `` bangety bang bang ! '', 
  repeats the recruit , to no avail . 
  he gets desperate . 
  `` bangety bang bang !, 
  it 's no use . 
  the enemy keeps coming . 
  he stomps the german soldier into the ground and says ... `` brum brum , i 'm a panzer ... '' that do ? 
  why ca n't you just like what everyone else likes , or shut up ... you nationalistic bastard . 
   this warning wasnt follwed up on because turkish intelligence couldnt be trusted . 
  right . 
  makes sense , and totally turkey 's fault then ... 
  again , it hardly qualifies as ` russian planes are violating airspace over all of europe . ', 
  and we are talking about a plane that was having technical issues ( it crashed . . ) leaving an assigned air corridor , 10 years ago . 
   we are talking about documented multiple incursions in the finnish and estonian airspace to be fair , are n't they very occasional , usually transport aircraft and generally short and more down to the situation around the border than anything else . . 
  it 'd hard to reconcile that with * `` russian planes are violating airspace over all of europe '' * ... 
   in terms of fighter jets , greece has the largest airforce in the eu true , ( something like 15 more fighter aircraft than the raf , and 25 more than the french air force , but smaller logistical capacity and you have to ignore trainers , aircraft held by other branches of the military and helicopters . . ) but it 's an ageing fleet of older aircraft when compared to the more capable air forces in europe . 
  i think the point however is that you ca n't just shoot down aircraft of a neighbour for shits and giggles , as much as you might like to , and i do n't think that there is an airforce in europe that could do a better job in the context of the incursions . 
   russian planes are violating airspace over all of europe . 
  no , they do n't ... 
  the cases you usually hear about , for example the notion that russian bombers violate british airspace is n't really a thing , it 's basically russian aircraft flying close to , or aggressively toward other countries air space ( the ministry of defence says the russian bombers have never violated britain 's sovereign airspace . . ) . 
  i 'm not saying it has n't happened ( and in the nato/russia context , there is a lot of probing on both sides . . ) just that the idea that ` russian planes are violating airspace over all of europe ' is n't true , unless you have a very different idea of what violating or airspace means in context . 
   i 'm talking about assad . 
  the amount of killing in the syrian civil war makes him a lot worse than other middle-east regimes which at least keep the peace . 
  saudi arabia is currently bombing the crap out of yemen , there are insurgencies in half the me countries and there are hardly any countries in the me without atrocious human rights records . . that said , you are of course absolutely right about the scale of the syrian civil war being far greater than any of the the currently ongoing crises , but you ca n't blame all the killing on assad either , nor suggest that those assad is fighting are broadly ` better ' for syria . . 
  the fighting has to stop by whatever means are able to achieve that most rapidly , but if we go back to the original point , the notion that supporting dictators and authoritarian regimes is something that russia is somehow unique in doing is clearly not accurate . . 
  i think the issue is that the nimrods worked perfectly well for 40 years and maybe ( much like the carriers , and now broadly the army . . ) we should maybe have the replacements in place and working before scrapping whatever happens to be fulfilling the role . . 
   because we do n't want an islamist super power at the gates of europe ? 
  if you look at the french military interventions over the past few years , there is an alignment of incentives with the rest of europe . 
  i 'm not sure how accurate that is , if you look at where french troops are operating and the basis on which they are operating it 's pretty clear that it 's as part of frances foreign policy and toward french interests , that does n't always align with other eu states interests . 
  and that is before you look at methods and what is actually relevant to counter terrorism operation within the eu . .  no active effort though , it is nice to have troops deployed but if all they do is being on stand-by or doing `` intelligence gathering '' operations ( code for looking at american spy satellite images and locate targets ) not so helpful . 
  the uk is directly involved in operations against isis at present both with manned aircraft and drones . . 
  indeed they are doing that in support of french efforts ( as well as others . . ) . 
  and obviously the uk has had combat troops on the ground in various conflicts over the last few years , as well as operating independently in and around the mediterranean and horn of africa . 
  france does have a larger role in africa , and very different relationships with some of its previous colonial possessions ( and indeed remaining possessions ) . 
  but lets face it , the bulk of french overseas forces are n't involved in counter isis ( or even counter terrorism ) combat operations . 
  i 'd also assume that france really would n't want to allow any external influence on its military decisions or foreign policy positions , so again , external funding without that seems both unwise and unlikely . 
  frankly the position that the french government seems to be taking is the right one , the idea of the eu funding france 's military operations just is n't viable and certainly not justifiable or fair ( on france or anyone else . . ) . 
  that 's the issue , especially where those subsidies are n't intended to change the industry . 
  the numbers are simply wrong , or not like for like even taking into account the points you make on quality . 
  essentially the data being used is either scraped badly , not verified or very badly put together . 
  i still do n't understand why the eu should be funding that . 
  the uk has troops deployed all over the world as well as on standby in the uk for operations , the same goes for various other eu countries . 
  why should say germany fund the french armed forces rather than their own , or the uk fund french operations rather than their own ( or operating with , or providing support to french forces as they do currently . . ) . 
  i guess my point is that if there is an issue that is of concern to eu member states , then working together seems appropriate , simply handing cash to one member seems wrong . 
   perhaps because the `` problem '' wo n't be solved by doing nothing , and grows at exponential pace ? 
  i 'm sorry , what problem is it that we would be solving by funding the french military ? 
  i might just be missing the point here , but i do n't understand what aim is . 
  if we are talking about counter-terrorism activities , surely making sure that police and intelligence services are funded properly would make more sense , if it is about fighting a war in syria , surely that is down to individual parliaments and either multilateral military structures like nato with un approval ( or the un through it 's member states . . ) or directly through coalitions so funding individual member states armed forces would make as much sense . 
  to a certain extent if you are suggesting that eu states essentially pay france to fight a war for the eu , then . . well , i suppose that 's a thought , but surely that still needs domestic approval and obviously sets a bit of a shitty precedent , essentially we all put some money in whilst french soldiers are the ones putting their lives on the line ? 
  but maybe i 'm missing something . 
   if france have to be the only active european army , at least , we should have a european funding to do it . 
  but france is n't the only active european army and obviously the french military work in the interests of france , they work for the french people , not the eu . . 
  i do n't entirely see why the eu should fund it ( or anyone else 's military for that matter ) . 
  to be fair , that data is not only inaccurate , it 's also pretty meaningless in terms of comparisons ... 
  i honestly do n't know how you 'd objectively compare the uk vs france in terms of military capacity never mind using terms like ` best ' . 
   subsidies can create strange effects , they can just make it more expensive all round . 
  they can . 
  that said , when the subsidies are intended to create demand it is fair to suggest that once that aim has been met , you end up with more capacity and volume to meet the demand and so prices * can * fall . . at the same time , a subsidy that provides income to the consumer would mean the consumer is willing to pay higher prices , it continues to make economic sense at the higher price point . 
  that would make it easier for suppliers not to drop prices , even though it remains commercially viable at lower price point . . 
  so , remove the subsidy and the prices fall , margins fall for suppliers and you might even end up with some of the presumed benefits of competition ( those suppliers who ca n't operate at the lower margins being replaced by those who can ... ) .
