   i agree with you that politically or culturally it is a different scenario . 
  but purely in terms of economic power , size , population , etc. 
  it is very fair to compare us states with european countries . 
  indeed , the eu and us are both relatively close to each other in population , size and economic terms but the cultural and political elements are the important bit . 
   it is hard for us to understand today , but back when the us started each state really was considered its own country . 
  i do n't think that 's hard to understand at all , indeed the development of that in us has been fascinating . 
  when we talk about the eu being unprepared and not having mechanisms in place to deal with certain issues ( the euro whatever . . ) you can look for and find parallels in the us . 
  it 's interesting too how the relationship between state and federal government in the us has changed over time , whilst still allowing states a remarkable amount of independence and variation . 
  however ...  forging them into one nation under a federal government was a tremendous task , that eventually took a civil war to iron out . 
  it did , and this in a country that had fought so hard for independence and spent a lot of time looking at ways of having states cooperate and how that might function . 
  but lets not try to draw parallels between us states and european countries that do n't exist , the eu is n't on an inevitable path toward federalisation and i would hope it wo n't need a civil war to determine what it ends up with instead ...  even today , the conservative rhetoric likes to think of the state as the ultimate sovereign of the people ; a lingering throwback to the old ways of thinking . 
  and yet there are n't exactly many people in the us calling for union with canada and mexico , or some sort of global settlement . . ( there are of course a few claiming conspiracies exist to create both , which keeps things interesting if not entirely sane ... ) . 
  for the eu to integrate any further , it has to bring everyone along , forge that identity , common bonds and so on , but right now it really does n't feel like that is possible or desirable . 
   of course it can be . 
  i fail to see how this is an argument against the military . 
  because it would be absurd for any state to support the creation of a military force that could be used against it if it 's interests no longer align with a 28 other states ( it also starts to raise questions about the possibility of secession in future and a host of other issues ) . 
   proper legal and democratic oversight assures that such a scenario will not be the military enforcement of an unpopular law , or any other equally outlandish nightmare . 
  which would need some sort of structure that does n't currently exist , which was the initial point . 
   but if , for example , one member state government would like to see the military used in a certain conflict , but it has no say over the military and this leads to the military not being used , this would already be a case in which the way the eu military was used ( or not used , rather ) goes against the interest of a member state . 
  i ca n't quite figure out what you are trying to say here so if you would n't mind breaking it out again for me ( i may be being daft ! ), 
  i 'd appreciate it , it seems to be a fairly serious point you are making . 
  ... not really ? 
  every town or house is n't an independent sovereign entity with interests , foreign policy and a requirement for local defence and all the rest of it . 
  the country level is relevant because it is where the sovereignty currently sits and where the agreements that make up the eu are constituted and where eu directives are converted into legislation . . 
  even in the context of european institutions it makes no sense , a town ca n't pull out of the euro , or the eu or the schengen area a country can . 
  so again , the issue here is that a sovereign entity contributing to such an army would potentially not be able to control its use . 
  of course it matters ... 
  if the german government does n't want to deploy german soldiers , it can say no . 
  if the german government does n't want to deploy german soldiers that are part of an eu army , it might not be able to say no . 
  it may have a vote within the eu , but it ca n't refuse . . 
  it completely changes the relationship . 
  this argument appears to suggest that an eu army could be used against the interests of a members state ( against a member state ? ), 
  when it is in the interests of the european union as a whole ... 
  i 'd argue that is an argument against not for . 
   the eu can do the same thing with a european army , though . 
  the eu is n't a country though . . 
  the point here being that potentially germany could no longer prevent german soldiers , from bases in germany being deployed on the orders of an eu institutions to a war that the german government and german people oppose ... that 's an extreme , but not impossible ( you could take scotland as part of the uk as an example with scottish soldiers based in scotland being deployed on operations ) . 
   as an american i just feel like europeans are so behind the times when it comes to supranational organization . 
  it just makes so much fucking sense to have an eu army yet you do n't . 
  the us is a federal state , the eu is not . . its not being behind the times , its simply an utterly different scenario , the closer analogy would be the us , canada and mexico putting together military structures on the back of nafta , and relegating national armed forces to a sort of national guard status . 
   i would say that the entire european project , and its progress so far , are an argument against the notion that a shared identity is a necessary prerequisite . 
  i do n't thin it 's a prerequisite to the kind of union we have now , although i think some of the tensions within the most recent steps towards integration show the limits of that . 
  i do think that for further integration , and especially when it comes at the subject at hand ( the difference in how people feel about national , rather than eu wide redistribution of funding . . ) would require far more of a common bond and identity and probably a more complete structure , all of which would be hard to put together at the moment . 
   but i 'm hopping for a development of a `` european '' identity over the next decade or two , and further integration . 
  i doubt it could happen in a decade or two , especially given it 'd have to supplant national identities to a certain extent . 
  a hundred years maybe , but 10-20 ? 
  probably not in those countries where there is n't already a significant appetite for it . 
  i 'd also probably argue that it is a bit of a catch 22 , the identity would come from shared government , culture , ideas , direction , interests etc. . but that ca n't really happen unless there is consent and that absolutely wo n't come before there is a shared identity . . 
  the only way i can see it happening in 10-20 years would be some sort of civil war or some sort of major external threat that forces a bond - but again , given some of the countries that have a negative view , i doubt the latter would necessarily work and the former would obviously be just as likely to break the eu as make it . . 
  probably not surprising , i 'll be interested to see if more try to get into a similar position as the uk on the euro actually . 
   do londoners feel cheated that their taxes are transferred to the british regions that are less developed ? 
  to a certain extent they seem to , the scottish referendum certainly brought that up and there are spats about spending in london and the south vs other areas , there is something of a perception that people should work harder and that whilst london might have publicly owned transport ( for example ) other places should privatise more because it 's good for the economy and so on . 
  at the end of the day though , there is less tension because london is part of the uk ( or in the very least england ) so there is more of a collective identity and shared history . 
  i think it 's far harder to claim the same relationship with the eu as an entity . 
   once all the major political parties and leaders are behind the idea the % will increase in every country as people respond well to consensus . 
  that will presumably lag a bit behind public opinion and there will be some significant hold outs that take a less unionist approach simply because the issue is a fairly fundamental one ( at the ideological level in any case ) . 
  as to the ` you feel you are a citizen of the eu ' numbers - i always find them a bit confusing , i feel that i am a citizen of the eu , because i am a citizen of the eu , my passport tells me i am and i live in an eu country . 
  but i do n't support further union or closer integration and would rather see reforms to the point that if they do n't seem possible i 'd rather not be an eu citizen . . but i feel that i am a citizen of the eu anyway !, 
  i wonder if that sort of thinking is relevant to the numbers ? 
  the issue with facebook is not so much what you post ( given you have control over that . . ) but what other people post about you . 
  you can get a pretty complete picture of what someone is doing from their friends and associated data without them ever joining facebook . . 
   if you can prove he knew ( or `` should have known '' ) that he was undermining the economy , and he still did it because all he cared for was his personal benefit ( e.g. 
  `` get more votes '' ) , i think there 's a high chance this is a crime . 
  like i said , that is an utterly insane position . 
  if i am a member of say , the green party and want to bring in legislation that helps the environment , but harms businesses , and it 's popular , that 's hardly a crime . 
  it 's a different priority . 
  surely there is no way you could force politicians to take a position that they have to put the economy above all other considerations . .  maybe not treason since at least in ro treason also explicitly requires that you act in coordination with a foreign agent . 
  ( and implicitly requires that said foreign agent has interests that are contrary to national interests ) that at least seems fairly reasonable in terms of defining treason , and i 'd agree with you that it does n't sem to apply . 
   contrary to popular belief , the reason why we have elected politicians in a democracy is not because `` we want somebody popular in power '' but because we need to have someone govern us . 
  no , the reason why we have elected politicians in a democracy is because we need people to represent us in government . 
  they are there to act on our behalf , so they make the case in elections and we decide who it is that would best represent us . 
  it is n't because we need someone to govern us ( kings and queens can govern , so can dictators . . representative democracy is about having a voice in governance ) . 
   it is implied that the governments should act in the interest of the people , and indeed many laws try to formalise this requirement . 
  it is almost impossible to define ` in the interests of the people ' to the point that essentially it is meaningless , or constrains your democracy . 
  you can argue that almost anything is in the interests of the people , or that the same thing opposes it . 
  in the context of greece you could argue that a grexit would be a benefit and that not carrying one out is detrimental to the greek peoples interests . 
  you could argue that joining the euro was detrimental , or that the recent legislation passed is detrimental , you could argue that all defence spending is not in the interests of the greek people , or that any particular budget is or is n't . .  a valid reason to seek an elected position is `` to be able to push policies that you believe would be for the benefit of the population '' . 
  absolutely . 
  as is ` to be able to push policies that you believe are necessary , moral or right , that they will benefit people in the long term , that they will deal with a threat or whatever . 
  it 's also legitimate to push for a particular ideology even if it is n't popular . 
   seeking an elected position just `` to get popularity , and thus money and power '' is not something that is or should be encouraged by law . 
  but acting in a manner that is popular when you hold an elected position is essentially the job is n't it ? 
  representing the views of greek people in the context of your values and beliefs . 
  power is a by-product of that ( you have to be able to ` do ' something when elected . . every politician wants the power to implement their ideas after all . 
  as for money , that seems like a smear tacked on to make everything sound a bit seedy . 
  it does n't seem like there was a greed element to any of this , no-one seems to be suggesting that there was an attempt to defraud , steal , embezzle or anything else . .  yes , politicians do that - but they do n't do it because `` it 's normal '' , they do it because they can ( i.e. 
  it 's very hard to prove bad intention , they can simply claim `` millions of people believed this to be the right thing , of course i believed it , too !, 
  there 's no reasonable way i could have known it is a bad thing - look at all these people , are you saying they are all unreasonable ? '' ), 
  it 's very hard to prove bad intentions when someone doing exactly what you 'd expect them to do , exactly what they said they 'd do and exactly what they were elected to do , especially when it is popular ? 
  to be hones ' t i 'm not sure why you 'd want to do anything about that ... 
  this sees to boil down to politicians possibly not having the right motivations , and that this should somehow be illegal ... all of this seems like a recipe for the kind of ' i do n't like what you are doing , so i think it 's illegal ' type thinking that gets so popular in more litigious societies . 
  and all in it seems pretty absurd . 
   look , you can understand what i meant if you really want to . . 
  your point appeared to be that it may be treason if someone ( varoufakis in this scenario ) acted in a way that boosted their popularity but harmed the greek economy . 
  i simply pointed out that this would be absurd , i have no idea if it is the law or not , but it seems incredibly unlikely and obviously if it were it would be hugely problematic . 
  essentially you could face charges for treason for a number of things that most people would either call good governance or at worst good politics . 
   right now we 're just arguing for the sake of arguing . 
  not really , i 'd just be interested if you think that a politician pushing a policy that harms the economy in some way because it boosts his or her popularity should be seen as treason ... !, 
   you seem to have skipped over the `` in order to boost his popularity '' part of the paragraph that you quoted ... no i did n't . . 
  the ` but was popular ' bit covers it .
