   i am used to see them cherry pick everything ever since thatcher 's `` i want my money back '' i 'm not sure what they are supposed to do if not pick what they want to see from the eu . 
  lets be clear , the uk has compromised for every ` cherry ' they were able to pick . 
  the uk is n't the only country that has worked to ensure that the eu is shaped somewhat in a way that meets its needs where it has been able to , and much of what the uk is concerned about now is about where the uk is going and how far the uk can go with it . . 
  if you look at the negotiation points , its about things that the uk does or does n't want the eu to do as much as anything else . 
   and the whole ` brexit ' does n't affect me in the least since to me great britain always had a foot outside the door the uk leaving will have ramifications for the uk and the eu , it 's probably a good idea that both sides be somewhat prepared for that and to mitigate it as best as possible . 
  there is simply no point in standing by and watching both sides get hurt when it is unnecessary  and was only here to snoop on the eu and report everything to their master : the us . 
  i do n't think the uk is needed for that ...  but i am really annoyed by their demands on the eurozone policies . 
  so just because ecb 's actions affect the city , they should have the right to voice their opinion ? 
  of course ... 
  the eurozone is using the eu to manage it 's affairs , the uk is part of that , it is problematic for the uk generally if the eu can be used to benefit the eurozone and to the detriment of the uk economy . 
  that is true for all the non-eurozone eu members ...  why do n't they take this mentality to try to influence the fed too while they 're at it ? 
  because the uk is n't part of the us ... 
  it is part of the eu . 
   this is ridiculous on so many levels and just show how arrogant cameron and the british people are . 
  this just makes me want them to leave so that we wo n't hear about them again . 
  no , it is n't ridiculous , it 's absurd to suggest that the eurozone should feel able to make use of the eu and bind eu members who are n't in the eurozone . 
   i want reforms but i do n't want this blackmail-like dialogue . 
  i want more democracy in the eu and none of cameron 's propositions tried to tackle this problem . 
  i agree , the reforms that have been pushed are broadly unhelpful and do n't really meet the needs of many of the euro-sceptics in the uk , that includes those on the left and right . 
  they certainly do n't go anywhere near far enough to produce real reform . 
   all he wants is to stop more federalism or at least make sure the uk still has a foot outside the union no matter what . 
  he wants the uk to remain in the eu , he knows that would be almost impossible without a further mandate ( and frankly i do n't think with the uk in , the eu would ever be able to move to something that looks like a federal state , it 'd require treaty change , which in turn would require a referendum in the uk - and whilst the view on membership of the eu may be fairly pro in the uk , support for federalism certainly is n't . 
   this is all about the uk and not the eu its about the uk in the eu , of course it is about the uks position and interests ...  i do n't think english people actually want reforms , they just want to go and try to remove the eu of its substance and just turn it into a common market . 
  that is a reform , and yes , i do think quite a lot of people in the uk would prefer the eu to be something closer to a trading bloc than a political entity ( me amongst them . . ) . 
  that essentially means there is a disconnect between what people in the uk want and the direction some of the eu would prefer . 
  that alone should be enough to suggest that a negotiation and , if common ground ca n't be found , an exit make sense . 
   what i want is not a true federation but the removal of undemocratic bodies such as the european commission , more power to the european parliament ( which was the only proposition i liked from cameron ) and maybe referendums on big decisions such as the tafta and not just this opaque , corrupted and undemocratic eu we have right now . 
  unfortunately i do n't think you 'll get that . 
  i think the biggest shift for me over the last few years has been a slow recognition that the eu project seems to be getting further and further away from a real democratic mandate and that it is now driven by crisis , with an aim of more closely federated states . 
  worst of all it seems incapable of real reform in any other direction or any that , by allowing more participation , may change the direction of the project . 
  i ca n't support that ...  other than that , i agree with your proposition on the eurozone . 
  the eurozone mechanisms should be strengthened not uk 's power on this area . 
  i do n't see how it can be any other way , the eurozone members need massively tighter integration than they have now , whilst those outside do n't want it ( and would actually suffer from it ... ) . 
  that means actually doing something about it though , and i assume that opens up risks from countries like greece ( that could use any new negotiations as a way to recover their position too - understandably ) . 
   as for the referendum , i think it 's a great way to end this whole debate on the eu in the uk , at least for a while ( or forever ) . 
  frankly , if the uk leaves it makes it easier for the eu , if it does n't , the debate wo n't go away if anything it 'll intensify and come up every time the eu wants to make a change to the treaties . .  uk can nitpick as much as they want , they have the right but i have the right to be disgusted by the eu turning into a customized fast food service . 
  and you have that right . . 
   your country , do as you wish that 's sort of the rub . 
  the uk ca n't , whether you agree or disagree with the current approach , the uk ca n't do much to change it because it falls into areas where the eu has some competencies , or various treaties have been interpreted to mean that governments have to act in a certain way . 
   i would n't grant benefits to everybody at your place , but to segregate migrants this way is just wrong in my opinion . 
  as would i if they are in the uk and working . 
   weird . 
  because the french are able to do that -  deporting the gypsies . 
  why would n't uk be able to do the same ? 
  again - not my argument , but at present eea nationals can enter the uk to seek work , and claim some benefits after 3 months . 
  that differs from other migrants who would n't be able to enter the uk to seek work at all ( you can enter to work and for other reasons of course ) . 
  there has also been some furore about the ability to claim child benefit if one is working in the uk , even if the children in question are abroad . 
  that was mostly aimed at poles , as the uk government was paying out child benefit for something like 20k polish workers , working in the uk whose families remained in poland , not sure how that impacts tax credits too , but in any case , it made good newspaper headlines . .  i 'm really confused here and i think people who visit for benefits dont really exist . 
  again , i 'd agree with you , i think its a massive red herring , the political argument seems to relate more to in work benefits than anything else at the moment where , as i said earlier , the government seems keen to ensure that migrants ca n't claim in work support until a certain time , whilst british nationals would continue to be able to do so from the moment they start work . 
  to be honest i do n't know what he wants , personally i think that anyone working in the uk should have access to the same support . 
  that does n't mean the same access to out of work benefits and it probably should n't mean preferential treatment for one group of migrants or another . 
  the right to live and work in the uk should come with all the associated bits for everyone who can legally enter and remain . 
  i should clarify then , i meant long term as in other than a visit . 
  it 's harder for someone from australia or canada to come to the uk to work than their eu counterparts ( both can come easily for visits , but work , studying or to live is a different story ) . 
  and yeah , i think anyone who has the right to work in the uk ( citizen , non-citizen etc. . ) should see the same in work benefits and support as well as access to the nhs , education etc. . at the same time , the term is ` free movement of workers ' , the uk should n't be in a position where it is unable to turn down migrants who are unable to work and support themselves in the uk ( with whatever benefits anyone else is entitled to ) . 
  so why are we talking about the short term ? 
  i think i may not understand your previous [ comment . . ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/43tp10/donald_tusk_to_publish_ukeu_settlement/czlgjy3 ) . 
   that 's why we 're talking about the short ter here . 
  sorry what ? 
  i thought we were talking about people living in and/or working in another country , not what happens on a short visit ... 
   that 's what the majority of people care about . 
  sadly you are probably right , but it 's worse than that really - it does n't address the other issues that people have either . 
  it may well be that this can be sold sufficiently to get some of the people who view immigration or benefits as an issue , but it does nothing for those who have issues with the institutions , legitimacy or operation of the eu . 
  it does n't even start to address the issues that people on the left have about trade deals and the way the eu impacts developing states , it does n't deal with the issues that liberals have about trade relationships ( in almost exactly the other direction . . ) or self determination , it does n't meet the needs of any of the more conservative people who are concerned about what eu and continental legal norms do to british legal practice . . 
  it manages to miss the headline requirement and fails to deal with any of the ancillary issues either . . 
  the one saving grace for the remain lot might be that the renegotiation does n't kill things like freedom of movement to the degree some conservatives might have liked but also does n't kill it to the point where those on the left then see the main benefit of the eu in their view as being shattered . 
  people often seem to miss that the four freedoms are supposed to balance the needs of business with those of workers ( hence the free movement of goods , services , capital and workers ) , if a business can move your job abroad , or sell a product or service abroad , workers need to be able to follow their job , or sell their labour abroad too . . 
  to deal with your substantial issue first :  but i am really pissed off cameron demanding a right for uk to give their opinion on eurozone policies . 
  the issue is that those policies do n't just impact on the eurozone they have an impact on everyone and the eurozone as a bloc would essentially have the ability to use the eu to deal with the issues created by the euro . 
  the correct answer is for the eurozone to have it 's own mechanisms and institutions to handle problems , rather than trying to make use of the eu as a whole to do that . 
  beyond that :  uk should just leave i agree , but the right of self-determination that would be exercised to do that on the part of the uk does require consent from people in the uk , hence the referendum . 
  that unfortunately means that the uk has to work with and to a certain extent involve the eu in that process , that 's what this renegotiation is , even if it is a pitiful and rather ineffectual exercise that fails to deal with the issues that i have . .  they 're always trying to nitpick everything and put their nose into everything . 
  i agree that the eu needs reforms ... 
  the uk is a member of the eu , why should n't it ` nitpick ' ? 
  surely paying attention to detail and trying to ensure things are arranged and work in a way that is beneficial is the right thing to do ? 
  surely all members should be doing the same ? 
  i do n't see how challenging the eu to push reforms is a bad thing . . as you point out , the eu is in need of reform , well how exactly do we get that without addressing the issues ? 
   the german laws on benefits is pretty equal to all legal residence , eu or non-european . 
  i was talking about the reaction to the comments from nahles today , but indeed . 
  and your remaining points regarding non-eu citizens is really key , i do n't see why any foreign citizen with leave to remain in the uk should n't have access to the same stuff as anyone else , from education through everything else . 
  i do n't want some eu tier , i 'd like it to be level and for the uk to attract the people that can make the uk better as a result . .  as a commonwealth citizens , i 'm was able to vote for uk local and general elections while studying in the uk . 
  i do n't know why you guys still have that . . 
  but i chose not to vote . 
  i quite like the distinction in terms of shared history ( and you need leave to remain in the uk to vote too , you ca n't just turn up and vote ) , but you are right , it is a bit of an anachronism . 
  and the german government too apparently . 
  but i agree , we should n't discriminate against workers when it comes to unemployment , benefits , healthcare , access to education or similar . 
  but they are still not citizens and there will be areas where they do not have the same rights ( or responsibilities ) . 
   i still do n't agree with the uk leaving the eu , but that 's my own personal thing . 
  to be honest , nor did i a year ago , but i simply ca n't argue the case for remaining in the eu as effectively as the case to leave to myself any more . 
  which is a shame to some extent , i think the eu could have been a very good thing , but now it seems the balance between benefits and costs ( and the number of benefits , that seem to have turned into costs , like schengen and the euro and even aspects where the eu uses its competencies to regulate ) is out of kilter . . 
  i 'm entirely with you , i think these rules should basically be uniform and apply to workers generally , i do n't think there should be explicit barriers that apply to one group or another . 
  to be honest the benefits aspect is a bit of a red herring , the point i was making was that eu citizens are not uk citizens and that is a reason to treat them differently in some areas ( mostly voting and frankly the conditions under which they should be allowed to remain in the uk ), 
   if you agree to an agreement , i expect you to maintain what you 've promised , not come around later saying that you 've changed your mind the usual move is that you sign a contract and you either meet the terms or you terminate it . 
  but in this case we are talking about an agreement between countries , this is n't that someone has changed their mind , but that public support and opinion has changed . 
  it would be abhorrent not to take that into account , you ca n't argue that people should n't have the right to determine how they are governed on the basis that someone made an agreement a few decades ago . . no-one asked me last time around after all . 
   if the eu terms are to be altered , then it should involve all eu states at the same time so that everyone gets the same new benefits/responsibilities . 
  that 'd be nice , but it does n't seem to be happening and there is no easy mechanism for it . 
  i note that quite a few countries seem keen for some of the ( albeit weak . . ) ` reforms ' too and i see no reason why they would n't work for them too . 
  but the problem is that the situation now is a problem , it will remain a problem until there is reform , we ca n't just ignore it because the majority of countries are happy with it . 
  lets face it , a country could just leave , there is no real requirement for a referendum , there is no requirement for negotiation but it probably is preferable .
