  dont be second best korea . 
  you dont want that . 
  you would just be ignored . 
  look at the ukraine . 
  they face the country with most of them . 
  or georgia a couple of years back . 
  giving 0 shits . 
  nukes are just to scare others away . 
  cause if you use a single one against someone else , all the other nuke powers will make sure hell vomits its intestines out above your head . 
  the point is n't that the uk would use them , it is that it is a nuclear power , it does have the capacity and capabilities that go with that and it was a part of the cold war deterrent . 
  countries do n't generally mess with nuclear powers . .  in a worst case scenario your economy might not be in the top 50 given how dependent it is on the eu , it will be gone along with the financial center . 
  if it goes worst case , the uk will no longer provide international aid , but receive it . 
  as amusing a fantasy that is , it is a fantasy . 
  the notion that the uk is so embedded in the uk that it would require external aid if it left the eu ? 
  it 's not even slightly likely . 
   as for your cultural influence , ive got bad news . 
  its american influence now , so unless you count england already as a colony of the us , nobody cares . 
  the uk is a massive exporter of culture , music , film and a whole host of other art . 
  there are people all over europe and the us who are both obsessed and influenced by the uk because of it 's output . 
  the us is king in that area , but the uk is easily second . .  the soft and hard power are both in decline ( did you know the us had to help you out with ordnance against gadaffi ) , and the uk has no capabilities to operate on a longer range without the us . 
  the uk does have the capacity to operate without the us and has done so , it also operates with other countries , that 's fine , it 's a good thing . 
  the uk has no immediate need to be able to invade countries half way across the world , although it could build that capacity rapidly and support it if it did . .  its time for enland to wake up . 
  the way i see it , the english suffer from the same as austrians did post wwi . 
  an empire collapsed , to a fraction of its former self . 
  with gb having the benefit of having its economy working . 
  but the times , when you stood alone , influencing the world , its over . 
  just open your eyes . 
  outside of the uk , when cameron or any other member of the uk gov. 
  comment anything , 9 of 10 times its barely worth an article , certainly no headline . 
  when the uk demands anything , who cares ? 
  france has more influence , political and with soft and hard power then gb , as they have proven in africa . 
  there are only two ways for europe . 
  alone and weak , and that includes the uk , or strong together . 
  there is no middle way . 
  the eu is n't strong now , it is n't a multiplier of strength , right now it seems more of a liability and the uk , whether stronger or weaker outside of it does have that choice . 
  but do n't pretend it 's a case of misguided brits who believe there is still an empire , because that is n't true . 
  the uk does still have significant reach and power globally , albeit nothing like the power it had when it did have an empire , and it needs to be able to make use of that and act in its interests . 
  if the eu does n't further british interests , then what 's the point ? 
   the convention does n't permit countries to cap the number accepted ( despite the fact that some countries do anyway and just backlog the remainder ) . 
  if it did , there would n't be a problem -- countries could just provide the number that they 'd accept and refuse refugee status to anyone else . 
  germany could say `` okay , we 'll take 200k , but anyone else who shows up here wo n't get a legal status . '', 
  you are right in saying that is n't capped ( although you could argue it 's capped by the host nations capacity for support . . ) , but it is n't unbounded and there are criteria that is both defined by convention and specified by each state that define how it applies . 
  there is a differentiation between migrants and refugees , between combatants and refugees and of course the states in question are responsible for assessment of refugees . 
  if you read this sub , you 'd think that claiming to be a refugee is , by international law ... a guarantee to entry , housing , work/benefits , permanent residency and any number of other things . 
  the reality is of course entirely different , and maybe we should look at efficiently identifying and protecting refugees in a manner that is actually workable ... 
   i do n't believe that an unbounded right-to-asylum predated the 1951 refugee convention . 
   actually , that was n't even a permanent right until 1967 . 
  but countries had legislation in place about the acceptance of refugees and conditions surrounding that . . 
  i 'd point out that an unbounded right does n't exists now , the only difference is that there has been something of a harmonisation of asylum based on the international agreements . . 
   if turning down millions - billions is n't foolish what is ? 
  i suppose the answer could be not tarnishing their brand ( and harming other sales possibilities ) or not compromising on principle ( which always looks good , but comes with a cost ) . 
  this was n't a great business decision if your aim is purely profit , but then people are entirely able to have different priorities , there are plenty of people and businesses that have done the same before ( whether its in assisting with torture or other abuses , selling certain drugs used to execute or harm and so on . . ) . 
   i honestly have not read it . 
  but i have to assume much of the analysis must have made it into the news . 
  it did , it basically frames the chinese economy in the context of the 1980s and japan and continues both the ` inevitable collapse ' proposition for china and the notion that chinas future is almost entirely in the hands of the us . 
   not a guarantee , just some weak spots that could end up being major problems . 
  i think you can probably guarantee that a weak spot is going to cause major problem ( country of 1.3 bn , massive economy ... ) the question really comes down to what and where and how it 's dealt with . 
  there is n't an economy in the world that is even close to perfect after all !, 
   and when the conflict stop and situation is better what then . 
  they will simple stay here or they leave ? 
  the idea is that refugees return home when they can , if they can . 
  some will not leave , some will . 
   they have nothing to offer in bigger picture if they stay . 
  their culture is nothing like ours and in few years will just demand more shit and from this point its just snowball . 
  you do n't accept refugees because they might be valuable to you , you accept them because they face death and persecution in the country they are fleeing . 
  people did n't look at the kinder-transports in wwii and try to work out a cost benefit in terms of the economy . 
  the point of helping refugees , is helping the refugees ... 
  because that 'd be fucking stupid and counter to the values europeans tend to be proud of ? 
  you 'd be talking about binning something that has existed as a right within some eu countries for a very long time , and that has survived much worse than the current crisis . . we 've been here before , whether during the second world war or the the balkan war and every single time we 've had people object to refugees and then a turnaround of public opinion later ... 
  this is n't that different at all , there are a lot of very real refugees trying to find better lives away from war and conflict , it is absolutely right that for those people there is somewhere for them to go . 
  we should have efficient and effective processes to identify and help those with valid asylum claims and we should work to make sure that those people get the right support , not turn around and whinge that it 's all too hard this time . 
  but not the cost of a junior doctor , which is massively higher . 
  so what ? 
  you bin the right to asylum entirely ? 
  ca n't really disagree with the bulk of that !, 
  so if i take it back to the initial premise , i take it you see the 2011 statfor analysis just as flawed as i do . . 
   that is part of the problem though . 
  china is straddling socialism and capitalism , but not in the scandinavian sense . 
  i 'm actually not sure it 's a problem economically or socially . . yet . 
  it may well turn into one , but at the moment , dare i say it , it actually seems to work . 
   china 's economy is not so much centrally planned as centrally directed . 
  agreed and with quite a lot of slack as you move away from beijing , that means that there is n't the sort of imposed impracticalities or just down right insane aspects that we see now in north korea , saw previously in the ussr and of course saw in china in the post war period . .  each province is given growth goals and the central government makes the capital available . 
  with the exception of state owned companies , much of this capital flows into the hands of private companies ( often those of connected party members ) . 
  so the developed properties are often sold to investors for far above what an average worker could pay . 
  it is a bit like soviet communism , except the benefactors are private investors . 
  well sort of . . 
  the national growth goals ( which by the by have been criticised as a process in state media , which generally means something is going to change . . ) translate into regional and industry goals , but it is n't the kind of ` make 100,000 kalashnikovs kind of approach we saw in the ussr , and of course the other side of it ` we made 100,000 kalashnkovs , using only the materials to make 50,000 !, 
  such a grand success ' is absent too . 
  but as you point out that does bring in something akin to profiteering ( although again , sort of not ... ) . 
  in terms of private/state investment , there are some horribly blurred lines ( and in scary places if you look at the pla/pln ) but even where there is profiteering , you are still seeing both the results of the capital investment and returns on the capital put in to the projects in question . 
  there are some incredibly shady operations out there of course , but the last decade has seen the sort of ` swap the building grade cement with sand ' type scams thin out because its something that gets you into a lot of trouble . 
  i 'd actually argue that as china has modernised , again , especially over the last few years , corruption has been a target of both the government and those who have benefited from it in the past . . that means we are seeing more work and cash in the official economy , and fewer attempts to simply extract cash ... that 's all pretty good and assuming it stays as it is ( or even if it gets a bit worse ) it 's not going to be too big a part of any future problems that china might face . .  i would say that is true for rapidly expanding places like shanghai . 
  but you can see the outcome of the policies i was talking about above in china 's ghost cities . 
  they were developed far before the demand existed . 
  it would be one thing if the units were used to house the rapidly urbanizing chinese population you were talking about , but most units are held by investors , who are likely to be reluctant to sell for a substantially lower price than they paid . 
  that is , unless something sparked a sell off , in which case , the real estate bubble there would be massive . 
  there is an awful lot of confusion over the ` ghost cities ' - again , stemming from about when we saw the stratfor assessment in 2011 . 
  there is a book out by wade shepard called ghost cities of china that does a far better job than i can of covering all of the points , but broadly this really is n't a real estate bubble , its just a mind bendingly large , private/public financed equivalent to us/uk slum clearances and urbanisation trends from the turn of the century . 
  where i live in the uk at the moment , there was a slum clearance that led to thousands of families being moved into new towerblocks in the space of a year or so in the 60 's , it was seen as a massive movement of people . 
  but china is doing that by the hundred thousand , or the million ... it is doing it by inducement , by decree and probably by less savoury means again . . but it is happening .
