  so i can see people who want to move to an eu country having an issue , but not so much people who already have . 
   of course there 's the possibility of a norway type deal , the uk will end up with a deal that ensures that the eus and the uks interests are served as best as they can be , after all the uk is a huge market for eu exporters , not to mention a global financial center , but it wo n't be a xxx style deal , it 'll be something else . 
   i wonder again why eu members would agree to a one-way deal in which we can move freely but they ca n't . 
  i doubt they would , but i am willing to bet they 'd grandfather in people who are already resident elsewhere . 
  i 'd also point out that any deal with the uk would n't be ` one way ' much like the opt outs the uk currently has as part of the eu , it would be about give and take . . 
   i 'm convinced that if all european states collaborated the problem is that that they do n't that they have a slew of interests that are very different and that some people would like to make out that these interests are all reconcilable and somehow the eu can work as one bloc on all sorts of issues . 
  i do n't think it can , and i think the uk has sort of made that clear with some of its opt outs too . 
  the crisis driven solution finding is also not terribly helpful and that 's where the notion of ` tyranny ' comes from . 
  there is also an issue of competence , it may well be that to some eu states , the eu looks less corrupt and more capable than their own governments , you may well find that there are significant numbers of people who trust eu wide democracy , eu courts and so on far more than their domestic equivalents . 
  but that is n't true for all eu states and obviously in some cases eu members will see eu institutions as more flawed than their own . . 
   do you think the hundreds of thousands of brits living on the continent will agree ? 
  i 'm a fan of free movement but i think your argument is broadly daft . 
  i think you ;d find that quite a large proportion of the thousands of brtis living elsewhere in the eu would agree , because it largely would n't have any impact on them or people like them . 
   i do get the sense in the conversation about brexit etc that people think there should be one rule for us and another for everyone else . 
  there is nothing terribly problematic with that link by the way ( look at the percentages ... ) and nothing terribly surprising that people see less of an issue with their migration than others immigration . 
  the issues is what priority people would set to one or the other . 
  if you asked someone , ` would you prefer to be able to live anywhere in the eu , or would you prefer for the uk to be able to manage migration of eu citizens into the uk ' you 'd get a more useful answer . 
   the uk has access to a bunch of opt-outs , so i 'm not really sure what you 're on about in that regard . 
  the uk has a set of opt outs because it agreed them with other eu nations , the alternative being that the uk would have had to stand in the way of efforts other eu nations might have wanted to do . 
  surely that seems reasonable . . 
  it also does n't mean that the eu does n't try to concentrate power and control on itself constantly . 
   i think would take a libdem government to get the appropriate reforms passed with regards to the hirst case . 
  it 's interesting just how this issue is framed , and on that basis you are probably right . 
  although obviously a lib dem government is probably further away these days than at any other point in history ... 
  so that 's never happening then ... 
  i 'm not sure that there is a huge demand for the uk to ` lead ' europe on security . 
  the argument seems to be one about prestige but frankly i 'd be more concerned about the impact on british interests globally and british security . 
  we can and do already work with other countries , that should continue but i do n't see why that should be concentrated only on the eu or be done in an eu context globally . 
  it seems pretty clear that when it comes to defence and security , there is n't a single eu position and member states have very different concerns and approaches . . 
   i 'd rather live in a society where a jihadist does not have the ability to slaughter people by the hundreds because the police are useless . 
  nor would i !, 
  happily , the police are n't useless , and the ability to kill people is really not limited to jihad 's . 
  happily , the uk has decent police forces and intelligence services . 
  it should also probably be clear that arming the police has little baring on the issue of whether or not terrorists can kill ( as we have seen all to many times sadly ) . 
  its a bit like the idea of mass surveillance against your populations ... sure , it looks like it might help , it 's something you can point at , but it 's not really the direction you want to take . 
  you are essentially throwing away something far more valuable . 
  and you make the point very well , the statement '' 'd rather live in a society where a jihadist does not have the ability to slaughter people by the hundreds because the police are useless . '', 
  is a great indicator of the level of fear that a very small , ineffective group of terrorists can have on a person and why maybe we should n't jump around and panic . 
   police shootings are a non-issue . 
  99.99 % of people shot by cops are criminals . 
  that does n't make it a non issue though does it . . 
  the uk police have to kill 2 people a year with guns . . 
  if that goes up to 200 i really do n't think ` well they were criminals ' really covers it . 
  plus , its the impact on policing and visibility that is an issue too . .  i have a higher probability of dying by falling out of bed , or choking to death on a ballpoint pen , than being shot by a cop . 
  and indeed of being killed by a jihadi , so lets not overreact . .  all you 're doing is creating a different kind of fear . 
  the fear that having armed cops somehow turns a society into a dystopia , which is a compete fantasy . 
  not at all , i 'm simply saying there is no need to go down that route , it does change policing practices ( it has to ) and it has an impact on the relationship between the police and those being policed . 
   have fun with all your future jihadist shootings , which will be way more devastating than any in my country . 
  we 've already seen that with paris . 
  the police in paris were armed and if your flair is correct , then your country already manages to have more terrorist incidents than mine by a rather long shot . 
  not all of them ( as with mine as it happens . . ) are by jihadi terrorists either ... 
  i 'm always somewhat amazed that people are n't saddened by the fact that they need to arm their police forces , rather than looking at ways of getting rid of that , rather than screaming about how dire and dangerous it is if your police do n't need to be armed 24/7 ... 
  the terrorists are trying to inspire fear are n't they ? 
  the idea being that they * terrorize * people , trying to intimidate to create political change ... 
  arming the police is exactly a symbol of that and would put that fear front and centre . 
  the uk does n't need or want an armed police , but if the reaction to terrorism is to go and arm them then we will see that reaction every day . 
  if we feel the police have to be armed then surely the implication is that our society is suddenly far less safe ... 
  there will be more police shootings of course ( more hatred for the police too ) there would likely have to be procedural changes for policing too , after all every officer would suddenly be able to kill whereas before they could n't . 
  i 'd rather live in a country where the police do n't feel the need to be routinely armed , or a society where people are so fearful that they think the police should be be . 
  create fear and make our society a little more frightened ? 
  that 'd be a reaction that goes against police and public opinion in the face of a marginal threat at best . 
  i think we 'd be better off not doing that , it 'd be handing the terrorists a victory . 
  if it gets considerably worse then it might make sense as a temporary measure ( see northern ireland ) but so far . . not really . 
  just the sharia ones , or all of them ? 
  because arbitration services are quite useful ... 
   that 's not legislating in the public interest , that 's legislating in the interests of the governing party , or of populist politicians . 
  if something is legitimately in the public interest ( such as non-discriminatory genuine public or environmental legislation ) then the government will win . 
  really ? 
  but surely governments making a preference for purchased from domestic companies is sensible in terms of the economy , the environment , national security and a whole host of other reasonable arguments ... and of course it can be waived if the domestic product is more expensive , not available from a us company , where the us variant is n't of sufficient quality and so on ... 
  surely that is in the public interest !, 
  and lets be clear , just because something is in the public interest , does n't mean the government will win , and probably more importantly the government will still end up spending money to defend a position , and might end up bending to accommodate foreign investors to reduce the risk of a challenge . .  anyway , one of the main reasons for isds is that it deescalates disputes from the state-state level , where much more damage can be done , to the investor state level . 
  this is the argument , but it 's not really all that credible . 
  you will note that even where dispute settlement systems are in place , you have sanction processes ( us/canada being a big one ) . 
  moreover , there are already state level processes that exist that fall short of unilateral action and retaliation . . 
  essentially , the old reasons for isds ( poor legal systems in trading partners , predictability , parity and de-escalation ) are generally not valid or necessary , are already duplicated at multiple levels and , rally quite importantly , are now seen as a benefit to foreign investors rather than a way to level the playing field . . 
   hungary is teetering on the edge of losing its separation of powers . 
  us politicians frequently implemented laws in state and federal legislature that discriminates against foreign business ( such as the buy american provision ) . 
  i think if you did a study of succesful isds cases , you 'd see why it 's necessary . 
  right , so in your view isds is useful because it can create significant monetary penalties for legislatures legislating in the public interest , where that legislation has an impact on foreign investors ? 
  because i 'd see that as an issue ( and one that can be dealt with through several measures that exist already . . ) . 
  why should a foreign investor be able to take action under those circumstances , rather than a state protesting the breach of an agreement between states ... 
   russia and the jet itself as well ignoring repeated warnings are an accident , you say ? 
  the warnings were given whilst the aircraft was in syrian airspace , pretty continually from the stuff that was released . . 
  the russian jet seems ( according to the turks , lets ignore the russian position . . ) to have clipped turkish airspace and turkey massively overreacted ... 
  i do n't think that was intentional i think it was accidental or at the very most incidental . . 
  what wordplay ? 
  the eu is in no position to run an eu level anti-terror organisation and neither europol nor frontex should play a more prominent role until member states could accommodate that and want it . 
  until then it 'll be less effective than national bodies . . 
  it 's not wordplay , it just seems you are incapable of accepting the current situation that the eu finds itself in . . do you think europol and frontex should play a more important role now ? 
  or do you think there would have to be a slew of changes to accommodate that and make it work ... 
   you can have whatever opinion you want on the subject . 
  i realise that . 
   i am just clarifying the situation while you 're muddying it with semantic play . 
  you are n't clarifying the situation , you are suggesting that if things were very different , then this anti-terror organisation might make sense . 
  my point was that things are n't very different , and so it does n't . 
   we could make europol and frontex play a more important role . 
  it would be more efficient to do so . 
  it would only be more efficient if there were significant changes elsewhere , changes that are unlikely , handing these agencies some sort of central role without those changes would n't be efficient , and would basically amount to an eu vanity exercise ...  there is resistance due to the implied reduction in sovereignty and augmentation of centralised eu powers . 
  indeed , and that resistance is why we should n't be looking for europol and frontex play a more important role , they are n't suited for it whilst there is resistance . 
   your argumentation would serve to justify not implementing any supra-national anything .
