  * stands out ... 
  it 's not that it 's mission impossible , it now seems more like it 's mission incompetent . 
  so as far as i am concerned even a successful renegotiation is n't going to change the situation with the uk/eu . . 
  the ` wishlist ' from the linked article seems to be : 1 . 
  prevent eurozone states from `` ganging up '' on britain in access to the single market as they seek to integrate further 2 . 
  excusing britain from the principle of ever closer union 3 . 
  giving more power to national parliaments to ` red card ' eu plans 4 . 
  denying eu migrants access to in-work benefits for four years 5 . 
  ending child benefit payments to migrants ' children overseas 6 . 
  no free movement for new eu states until their economies develop 7 . 
  cut red tape , complete the single market in services and sign major trade deals with the us and asia 8 . 
  full on ' treaty change is essential 9 . 
  the process is followed by an in-out referendum by the end of 2017 not enough , does n't deal with the fundamental relationship or push the kind of reforms the eu needs , never mind what the uk would like to see more broadly ... 
  but it might allow cameron claim victory where there is none ... 
  it is n't that bad ... 
  i 've only had a tv for the last 4/5 years again and there is a fair amount of stuff that is worth watching live . . plus , i 'd happily pay the license fee even if i did n't have one . . 
   i respect the choice of the british people ( though i want you to remain in the union ) but felt like this in-out discussion shows real hypocrisy by the uk government . 
  firstly , last time i checked , the uk government wants the uk to remain part of the eu ... secondly , the relationship between scotland and the uk is a very different one than between the uk and the eu . . 
  it is pretty much incomparable at every level and the reasons for remaining together/leaving are n't the same either . 
  its also a massive stretch to suggest that it is hypocrisy to take a different position on the two situations given how different they are , you might just about get there if you have people suggesting that the scots should n't be allowed a choice ( or that the scots should , but the brits should n't , or that the scots should , the population of catalonia should n't , and the brits should if they vote in . . ) but that is about as far as it goes . 
  the relationship is different , the union is different , the people are different ... 
  what happens if that reform is n't , or ca n't be delivered ? 
  why would it have to be an eu-style organisation ? 
   a lot of people on this site are saying that the uk should n't be allowed to do something because it would benefit the uk , you should be saying we should n't be allowed to do something because it would be harmful to the eu . 
  the way a lot of the comments here seem to suggest that there is some sort of penance to be paid for being part of the eu , that essentially all the political , regulatory and otherwise centralising crap that the uk does n't like , are the ` costs ' of being part of the fta . 
  yet if that were the case , surely every member state would want to leave the eu and just be part of a trading bloc ... 
  it 's daft really , suddenly when it 's about the uk , things touted as benefits of the eu ( being part of it with more influence , the eurozone , the international clout , pan-european democracy etc. . ) are all suddenly costs that we should be willing to pay to access a market ... 
   why should the uk get to reap the benefits of membership while not actually being members ? 
  they would n't . . 
  they would trade with the eu and have access to the esm without being a member of either , like many other countries . 
  the benefits the uk would be setting aside are generally things that quite a few people in the uk do n't see as a benefit ( so that would be being part of having a say in , and setting the direction of the eu and all the benefits that brings . . ) , it would mean the uk could no longer join the euro ( which it does n't want to ) and it might have issues joining schengen if it ever wanted to ... that 's the cost . 
  if i recall correctly , the eu is supposed to be more than just a free trade area , if it were just a free trade area , it is unlikely the uk would be all that bothered about leaving . 
  but when it comes to free trade , the uk , like the eu generally pushes for open markets and a level playing field . 
  that is n't going to suddenly change . . 
   if catalonia gets independence . 
  does that mean they will be kicked out of nato automatically . 
  if so this could be interesting . 
  i 'm not sure how that gets interesting , or why nato membership is terribly relevant . 
  catalonia is n't suddenly going to be invaded by the russians is it . . 
   bbc is already unbearable . 
  the bbc is n't what it was when i was growing up , but it 's still massively better than all of the uk alternatives ... 
  the whole ` appealing to a new demographic ' thing that all the tv stations have is the problem , not sure how you deal with it though . . 
   the regulation in the eu allows more trade , though , to take place . 
  does it ? 
  surely a lack of regulation and open borders would allow more trade , regulation may or may not allow for more trade , but should ( depending on the regulation ) bring some improvement . . regulation is almost always a barrier though . .  without it , you 'll see other barriers to trade cause a reduction in trade beyond simply the tariff duties . 
  things like differing regulations on can sizes , vehicle requirements , etc etc etc. 
  we see a lot of that between the us and canada . 
  of course , but that is sort of the point . . 
  the uk already trades on an equal basis outside of the eu as it does within the eu , that means there are already non-tariff regulation based hurdles and of course work to mitigate that . 
  the issue with the esm / eu membership is that those regulations apply to both trade goods and goods to be used domestically . . 
  essentially you are creating not only non-tariff trade barriers with your trading partners , but also creating barriers to entry in some industries ...  if i were british i would prefer stuck around , so i do n't really see as much value i guess . 
  for example with regards to regulations of greenhouse gasses , or employment regulations , etc. 
  i suppose the argument there is that when it comes to employment regulations , there is no good reason why they would be set outside of the country in which they apply and populations can far more easily hold their politicians to account domestically than within the eu . . as to greenhouse gas regulations , that does need to be dealt with above the national level , but really above the eu level too ... 
  when you have regulations that are excessive and slow to manage ( like we see on eu science and technology regulation ) you will find that your tech industries are less competitive , less innovative and that your access to their potential output is reduced . 
  that means less investment and the next big idea simply leaves the country ( usually to the us ) . 
  it gets a bit annoying to see that happen again , and again , without good reason , doubly so when the reason is some other countries internal pressures being brought to bear on a regulator that has the powers to act , but then does n't ... 
   so 4,929 m/64m = 77.02 euro per capita . 
  we are far from the # 400 . 
  and that is obvious that eu grant would have to be ( partially at least ) remplaced by national ones . 
  how is per capita relevant to a tax paid on a per household basis with quite a few excluded groups ( like : children under 18 , people on some apprentice schemes , 18 and 19-year-olds in full-time education , full-time college and university students , young people under 25 who get funding from the skills funding agency or young people 's learning agency , student nurses foreign language assistants registered with the british council , people with a severe mental impairment , live-in carers who look after someone who is n't their partner , spouse or child , diplomats ) . . 
   people like to exaggerate the consequences , but realistically , you 'd be in a relation with the eu akin to norway and switzerland . 
  somewhat different , probably closer to that of any other large trading destination that the eu wants access to ( so more like canada or south korea , brazil or india . . ) . 
   t 's really not that big of an economic shock if the uk leaves the eu , but politically it will be a significant historic event which damages the prestige and stability of the eu . 
  people get caught up in that and think it means the entire world will end . 
  i 'm not even sure that it has to have a significant impact on prestige or stability , but it will if it is framed poorly by the eu . 
  it could and should be seen as a positive step in helping similarly aligned nations to move forward . 
  economically it needs to be handled well or it could cause problems , the uk leaving ( without any other factors . . ) would reduce the size of the bloc , and the esm by around 20 % , it will knock eu growth statistics downward and generally look bad , but as long as the eu has access to uk markets on favourable terms and vice-versa it should n't cause any real problems and even then that can and should be planned for and mitigated . 
   something as simple as taxing financial transactions between the uk and europe at a rate that makes doing so uncommunicative would have a monumental impact . 
  it would . . on both sides and to the massive detriment of eu economies . . you 'd be limiting access to world markets for eu companies and individuals through punitive taxation and invite retaliation pretty much globally . 
   london is the gateway to the most lucrative market in the world . 
  put a barrier , even a small one in the way , and paris or frankfurt take over . 
  except suddenly frankfurt and paris have much more expensive access to london markets , so new york gets a bigger bite ( and then essentially it 'll end up working through london given the amount of bilateral work , cutting out frankfurt and paris ... ) , and hong kong , singapore and zurich would also benefit ... why do you think pricing the eu out of the market is going to help the eu ? 
  oh and what do you think the global reaction would be to punitive taxation aimed at an external state unilaterally ? 
  do you think this might increase the risk of doing business in europe ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 'd hit the euro too ... 
  there is a reason why the eu does n't have these kinds of taxes in place to boost frankfurt and paris ' pretty laughable positions in the ranking of global financial centres is because they 'd do the opposite . 
  but hey . 
   i think he 's probably thinking about how the greece situation has been handled . 
  the logical and most beneficial for all eurozone countries solution would have been large write downs of the debt , instead continued austerity is the domestically popular political decision that was chosen , even though it harmed everyone more . 
  i suppose you could go for that , but i 'd argue that it was a bit more one sided , essentially the eurozone wanted to minimise the impact by kicking the can down the road - it harmed the greeks , but did the minimal harm to the euro , the eurozone and eu members generally . . 
  there was n't really an option that minimised the harm both ways in the short term . 
  the politicians certainly did n't make a decision that cause more harm to their own economies ... 
   again , past decade . 
  you are clearly thinking of an example , but i ca n't think of one where one ( modern democratic . . ) country deliberately harmed its own economy by restricting bilateral trade without some very solid reasons ( i.e. 
  sanctions . . ) . 
  maybe you could give your example ? 
   pay attention to what ? 
  politicians being cool and level headed and minimizing harm ? 
  have you been here for the last decade ? 
  that governments ( made up of politicians , supported by civil servants , . . ) do generally avoid doing things that they think will harm their own interests , sometimes they disagree on what is harmful and what not , sometimes they scream at each other when they disagree , but they do n't generally go out of their way to make their own lives harder and their own constituents poorer . . 
   add to that the fact that a lot of bankers in both paris and frankfurt would like to take as much business away from the city as they can and the fact that britain has no voice in the matter and things can go bad fast . 
  thing is , they 'd quite like to take business from new york , hong kong , singapore , tokyo , zurich , singapore too , none of those are in the eu ... 
  but they have n't really managed to have they ? 
  the uk is the worlds leading financial centre , that is n't just because the uk is in the eu and much of that will remain the case if the uk leaves . 
   britain leaving the eu would be a divorce . 
  sure , making it as polite , quick , uncomplicated and clan as possible is in everyone 's best interest ... but that 's not how it usually ends up going down , especially when the decision is unilateral . 
  it is how it will go down , because the eu will be thinking about how to minimise harm and each eu member state will be looking to do the same , the uk will have the same aims too , to ensure that there is good access to uk markets for the eu in exchange for the same from the uk . . 
  if you think that people are going to throw a hissy fit , you really have n't been paying attention . 
  the uk is 20 % of the esm at the moment and the uk , if it were outside of the eu would be the eu 's single largest trading partner . 
  if the eu were to put trade barriers in place ( which it wo n't . . ) or attempted to punish the uk via trade ( which it would n't ) it would have a major impact on the eu and especially the eurozone ( and confidence in the euro etc. . ) .
