  they did , they were being challenged by ukip on the issue and it was a vote winner ...  all the extremes left or right do n't like the eu in all countries , the difference is that your euro-scepticism has been lead by the right . 
  the only reason we 're having this discussion is because of a right wing party , not a left one . 
  oh i agree , the only reason we are having a referendum is because of ukip , i 'm quite happy to acknowledge that , but the support for leave will come from a much broader base than just ukip supporters , and certainly from my perspective ( not on the right ... ) the reforms that cameron has put forward do literally nothing to deal with the concerns of those on the left on the eu . . 
   but you can not deny tories were dragging their feet . 
  it could certainly have been done a bit more quickly if there had been more impetus from the major parties , but if you put it in the context of the scottish indyref it 's not that bad . . 
   however , from what i 've seen so far it looks like we 're going to see a `` project fear 2.0 : thisa time isa personal '' . 
  look at it at a more local level than the national and it 's all quite palatable and a lot less insane ( and you can make a real difference ) . 
   coupled with the fact that most anti-eu people are conservative if that is the general view , people are going to get a shock . 
  euroscepticism really is n't a left/right issue in the uk ( and traditionally the right has been more pro-eu ... ) . 
   well to each his turn , yesterday it was a superb thread with 1000 + comments about how the french suck at english ... ha , i skipped that one given as i thought the french quite liked sucking at english ( or at least appearing to . . ) . 
   but how many simply answered with a `` reformed '' eu because the heard the news mention that term ? 
  it 's a term like ` change ' that people see as positive , people want things to be better after all and that all sort of sits in the same place ... 
  i mean , most people would assume that reform would be something they 'd agree with and not the ` good news !, 
  we are a theocracy now ! ', 
  kind of change . 
   certainly which is why the government has taken so long before setting out the exact reforms they have in mind . 
  which leads to two problems , 1 . there is little scope for meaningful change that would n't meet objections right away and 2 . 
  what change there wo n't meet anyone definition of reform , so everyone will feel that the reform has n't happened , pushing the vote away from stay . . 
  unless someone runs a really good campaign to spin it differently of course . 
   eu legislation is passed by eu parliament . 
  it is initiated by something else , but it is passed by the parliament . 
  therefore democracy of eu legislation is ensured . 
  how can the democracy of eu legislation be ensured if the only directly elected body of the eu ca n't actually put any legislation together ? 
  i mean , if you me and 300 million other eu citizens got together , we still could n't get legislation considered without going through the unelected commissioners appointed by our various governments . . that 's pretty important in context right ? 
   part of that legislation is regulations , which are directly applicable in national law , so the eu in fact does have direct power over members states ' law . 
  no , those regulations apply only because member states allow it , through acts of their own parliament . 
  any single eu member state can , by repealing national legislation , cancel eu legislation ... sure , there 'd be consequences , but it 's not anything that the eu could do much about bar taking the member to court . 
  this is the case now , there are directives that are not properly implemented across member states , and regulations that are not properly enforced ... 
  the eu has no sovereignty , it exists entirely at the whim of its members , it ca n't create laws and ca n't enforce the ones it has in any meaningful way . 
  it exists and operates where it is allowed to by the member states ( and by extension the population of those states . . ) . 
  that 's quite important . 
   i bet when challenged as to what they mean by a reformed eu or what specific reforms they would like they would n't be able to answer . 
  actually , i 'd bet they probably could , just that everyone would have a different idea of what reformed actually meant . 
  that 's why it was such a politically useful term , right up until the point it had to be defined in the context of a referendum ... 
  your initial argument was that  no , the majority should as we are a democracy . 
  eu laws are passed by the eu parliament , that is voted in by the eu people . 
  i pointed out that the eu ca n't act without its constituent parts , ca n't initiate legislation and a slew of other issues . . 
  in context it does n't ` have power ' over member states , it can only exist because of them . 
   who initiates the law is another matter , pretty relevant i 'd have thought , you know , in ` making laws ' . 
   the point is eu laws are approved by a eu-wide popular vote by proxy of the members of parliament . 
  sort of , mostly ish , yeah . 
  apart from the ones that are n't . 
   and we come to the fundamental issue that we are a democracy and it is normal for the majority to enforce laws on everybody , even if you vote against . 
  right , but the eu ca n't enforce anything at all and is limited in its competencies , i did n't say it was n't democratic , i said it was n't sovereign . 
  it ca n't act without the states ...  if the uk does n't agree it ca n't ask for veto powers , it can leave . 
  it can ask for whatever it wants , whether it gets them will be down to the states , not the parliament . 
   just as a citizen ca n't disregard laws he does n't like . 
  you leave the country and bear all the positives and negatives . 
  i wo n't point out the issue with this statement ...  i do n't understand what you mean about regulations , they are direct laws . 
  regulations are implemented in national parliaments on the basis of acts passed that allow them to become law immediately ( directives need new legislation . . ) . 
  they are n't laws based on the authority of the eu , but national parliaments . 
   you place a lot of trust on national governments . 
  as much as you place in the eu apparently . .  why should be they the ones to decide for which areas the eu should be relevant or not , irrespective of what voters across the eu think ? 
  because the eu is based on treaties between countries and has a limited set of competencies ? 
  that 's why the german constitutional court can define the limits of eu responsibility in german for example ...  depends on what you understand by `` political union '' . 
  they always require some pooling of sovereignity , and if there is going to be such pooling of sovereignity , then i prefer the setup of the eu , imperfect as it is , than that of bilateral agreements , negociated by diplomats and technocrats behind closed doors . 
  right , and i 'd prefer something different . . 
   the eu parliament definitely votes on legislation that definitely becomes law for the member states . 
  the commission initiates legislation and national governments decide how to adapt their laws to meet the directives in question . . and whilst regulations are closer to laws , they are only applied on the basis of national legislation in the first place ... 
   yes , there are plenty of fields where european is clearly needed , yet the national governments do n't want such involvement ... 
  i 'm confused , if national governments do n't want it , then the eu wo n't be relevant to that area anyway . 
  i find it hilarious when people assume that a super-national organisation that they have even less control over than their own governments will be better , less corrupt , less problematic if you hand it a load of power and no real review mechanisms ... scepticism of power is a good idea , you ca n't just hand things off to the eu and hope it 'll all be ok .  which is surely why most free trade agreements require years of negotiations on common rules ... 
  indeed , but they do n't require political union most of the time . 
  the eu is n't a country and is n't sovereign , the eu ca n't enforce laws without members states , the parliament ca n't create laws . . 
  so no , the eu is n't a democracy , it is a democratic institution with limited power that carries out some functions for a collection of democratic states ... that are sovereign and do have real powers . 
  the eu/ep should n't be in a position to force a country to do anything , it 's a community of nations , not a federal government . . 
   the subsidiarity principle ( `` national when possible and european when needed '' ) , which cameron appears to have just discovered , is already embedded into the lisbon treaty . 
  it is n't `` all harmonisation '' . 
  but as we have and continue to see , that principle is sometimes put aside , misapplied or ignored . 
  competencies are stretched too , and the eu is starting to touch on things where it probably should n't . . quite a lot of people seem broadly keen on this while it delivers mostly consumer friendly results , but the outcome is n't relevant to the issues ...  the whole point of a single market is precisely that there is no difference whatsoever between `` inter-eu '' and `` domestic '' . 
  if there is a difference , then you do n't have a single market but 28 . 
  or a free trade area ... 
   the thing is , if britain wants that their service and bank companies are able to offer their services in europe to consumers , they will have to be regulated under eu law , too . 
  those products will , the entire sector does n't need to be though . 
   you ca n't just say `` but they 're in the city of london , no laws apply there '' . 
  and no-one is saying that . 
   either the city of london is subject to the standard eu regulations in banking , service , etc , or the companies headquartered there can not offer their services to customers in the eu . 
  why ? 
  surely as long as they meet the requirements for their eu customers that 's sufficient ? 
  why should a bank that say does business mostly with the us , or facilitates trade between asia and the middle east be subject to eu regulations when there is a perfectly good regulator in the uk already ? 
   just assume it would be allowed : a company from the col can sell services in germany without being regulated by german law ... and again , no-one is making that suggestion ... 
  i get the impression you have absolutely no idea what we are discussing any more . 
  of course you ca n't arbitrarily remove the rights of someone in one country or another , but you can define what laws an agreement is written under , and when companies carry out cross border trade they usually do ( and often pick systems like those of england and wales ... ) . 
  christ ... 
   i surprisingly agree with a good deal of things in cameron 's letter , but am absolutely opposed to many others and the overall idea behind it . 
  the overall idea seems to be to present the notion of reform to people in the uk so that they stay in the eu . . 
  i dislike that as an aim too and would prefer to see other reforms , but that was probably too much to ask ...  i expect a lot from the uk , they should be the third big contributor to european politics , but i do n't see any european vision in his words , he seems only interested in improving his country 's position , while weakening the eu as a result . 
  i think that 's broadly what people in the uk expect , even those pro-eu . 
  they want an eu where there is more power with the member states and less power directly with the eu institutions . . 
  they 'd like more say and mechanisms to ensure they can prevent things they do n't want too ...  it 's understandable , the uk is a big economy and has faced the economic crisis better than most of the eu , so they do n't still have realized that there 's no future as a relevant power but together . 
  the notion that the uk would be more of a power within the eu as opposed to outside of it is a bit daft . 
  the eu would then be the larger power and the uk irrelevant internationally , with all of it 's relevancy within the eu instead , but still only one of 27 ... 
  the uk can be as relevant as any number of larger states , it ca n't be as big as the eu on its own , but then it does n't need to be . 
   as it stands , we should certainly discuss and implement reforms on those elements that are eu-wide , but i do n't want to see any more exceptions being made . 
  this is n't a buffet where everyone picks and chooses what they want , this is a union that requires countries to stick together and pay for the collective benefit . 
  in which case any union would move forward at the pace of the least committed . . why would the uk accept any changes that push the eu in a direction it does n't want ? 
  the opt outs , the push for a multi-tier approach are more likely to help the eu than help , anything less and it 'll break . .  the british citizens will decide if that 's good enough for them , but i think time will eventually convince them it 's the right decision even if they were to leave now . 
  and soon . .  let 's hope we still have enough economic leverage in the world without them . 
  the eu would be quite a bit smaller , but it 's hardly going to become irrelevant if the uk leaves . . 
  the uk leaving is something that can and will be weathered well by both sides , assuming both plan properly .
