  of course they do , a simple message is far more likely to get through , but the point is there is a referendum and that referendum is n't the eu vs the uk , it 's uk in vs uk out and at the moment the direction of travel is pretty clear . . 
   you mean change ? 
  yes , reforms imply change . .  uk wants eu to change to suit it better . 
  that does n't mean reform . 
  yes , that is exactly what reform is . 
   so what if they have a vote ? 
  it 's called democracy , or in this case being able to determine ones own future . 
  i realise that 's unusual and , when it goes against what the rest of the eu wants , it 's often seen as dangerous and populist , but it 's pretty important . 
  the uk may well not be part of the eu any more in a few years , quite a few people think that 's a bad idea but have n't really figured out what to do about it yet , or are living in a fantasy land where it ca n't happen , or one where if it does the uk burns to the ground ...  they 'll either leave im 2017 or they 'll threaten to leave in 2024 or somwhere around that more than likely at the next attempt at a treaty change . 
  seems fair given no-one has had a vote on eu membership in the uk since ... well ever . 
   i do n't see why really , if they want to leave so bad just go . 
  well , they are having a vote on it , and obviously the idea is to campaign on either side of it . 
  the argument here being that if the eu wants to retain the uk then they may want to ` woo ' the uk a bit . 
   also , say the president of the euro commission or someone would go to britain to plead to the british people to stay , it would just be interpreted `` see that eurocrat trying to meddle with our referendum , etc. 
  etc. '', 
  on that you are right though , realistically the right way to woo the uk would be to show that there is room for reform and some appetite for it in other countries . 
  if there is n't though , well , sod it . 
  that 's fine too . 
   i used it to illustrate the nature of a relation of long-term commitment , of course , but the analogies do have to bear some resemblance to the situation they are supposedly analogous to , and i do n't think marriage is terribly appropriate ... 
   i do n't see that . 
  fair enough , i do . 
   it seems you did n't get the analogy . 
  i thought it was a poor analogy and extrapolated . 
  would make sense if he was n't chasing an in vote , he 'd have to get a victory for that to make sense . 
   david cameron knew the answer before the question was asked . 
  he 's trying to give the impression that the eu is unable to discuss . 
  and why do you think he 'd try to give that impression ? 
  and i disagreed ... people in scotland had the choice to go it alone , they did n't need to become a satellite state of brussels , or keep the current head of state , even if that was sold as one of the options . . 
  ouch \u263a, 
  the problem is that the ` demands ' made by cameron are n't the same as what many of the eurosceptics in the uk actually want , they are incredibly weak , so the eu could well meet them and still see the uk vote to leave . 
   so ... you help bomb the region , causing the people to flee , and then threaten to leave the union because those same people might be heading your way ? 
   why is it that everytime something comes up , the british immediately seek to use it as an excuse to leave the union ? 
  this is quite the unnuanced point , i 'm well aware of that , but if some british redditors could clarify that for me , that 'd be awesome ... cameron wants the uk to remain part of the union , but the uk public have several issues with the eu that are going to ... wait , no , that are n't being addressed at all by the renegotiation , so cameron has to make a lot of noise to make it look like he might be doing something, 
  self determination was on offer , half the reason independence was n't taken was because the narrative laid out simply was n't compelling enough ( and that with a tory government , after a recession and at a time where it looked vaguely like scotland had the economic clout to go it alone ) . 
  the interesting question that is going to come up is the used car market . 
  i ca n't afford a new car , but my current ( 10 year old vw . . ) will last me another 5 years , at which i 'll be able to buy another used car . 
  the chances of me buying an electric car , given the issues that are likely to exist with battery life , and given i would n't have access to any new tech are pretty much nil . 
  that 's going to be the case for a very large number of people for a long time unless something very drastic happens to the price of electric or hybrid vehicles . 
  fleet users on the other hand are in a far better position . . 
  indeed , with the caveat that if the scots want to have another referendum at some point , that is their prerogative . 
  tying it to eu membership is daft though , it 's about self determination , they will have a vote in the eu referendum and we are talking about the uks membership . . 
  it 's amazing how rarely we see the other side of this argument ( that if the uk stays in the eu because of votes in scotland or combined votes from scotland and wales etc. . ) that there would be a similar issue ( albeit not one that 's likely to lead to an independence vote ... ) . 
  we all have a right to self determination \u00b9 and that did n't end with the last scottish indyref , but it is n't tied to the eu either . 
  \u00b9 offer does n't apply in catalonia . 
  that is a bit of a chicken or the egg problem , both the institution and the tuning of the ideas build on each other , and reinforce each other . 
  it really is n't , its only a problem for people who want rapid integration and union . 
  essentially we have had a long period of convergence post wwii in europe , not all countries have come along at the same speed not all countries are at the same point , but it has certainly happened . 
  we should have been able to build limited institutions around that and watched it grow with participation and a real democratic mandate . 
  unfortunately we have n't done that , we are now in a position where a crisis is seen as a good avenue for new institutions or frameworks and they are n't sold on the basis of democratic buy in , but on the back of fear , manipulation or what amounts to economic blackmail . 
  the foundations are essentially rotten and i really do n't see how you fix that . 
   it 's much like forming a marriage : even if you start out on solid common ground , after a time you inevitably get into an issue where your view differs , and then you have to compromise for the sake of keeping the marriage going ... just because it 's not worth breaking up the marriage because you both like your eggs boiled for a different time . 
  if we took this analogy , we 'd actually have to make it a polygamous arranged marriage , where not everyone was aware that it was a marriage when they started out , and a few of the brides are n't entirely sure why the rules say they have to allow themselves to be fucked because a majority of the wives got together and agreed on it . . 
  the eu does n't have the common ground people claim it does , the ` breaches in solidarity ' make claims on a level of solidarity that has never existed and a continued thrust in this direction is going to break the eu for everyone , whether the uk leaves or not . . 
   the headline does n't deal with the argument that cameron is making : no , the headline addresses the issues that cameron is talking about . 
  like i said , if you make it about the argument to deal with the issue , it gives a somewhat one sided view of the situation in the uk . 
  i realise you are coming from a far more pro-eu position than i am , but surely you can see why this is a reasonable headline in context and especially given the source . . 
   obviously do n't live in the uk so my exposure to uk stuff is mostly through the bbc so if you say the debate really is on those grounds then that 's fair play . 
  it 's a debate that has been going on for around 5 years now so . . yeah . 
  but it has peaked with things like the refugee crisis , romanian and bulgarian ascension etc. .  i do think people do n't realize just how much of low skilled work is done by immigrants and could create a serious labor shortage if you only demand high skilled immigrants as a result from the classic error of looking at economics as a zero sum game . 
  that 's true in some countries but not in others , eu members have very different needs in these areas which is why the uk sees skilled migration from abroad as such a key factor in healthcare and other skilled areas . . 
  i realise that , but camerons thrust taken with public opinion and the article makes it pretty fair . 
  i realise that from a certain perspective it seems like an unfair headline ( we should be focusing on the positive ! ), 
  but frankly it 's neither inaccurate or even ( in my view ) anything close to sensationalism . 
  i think if anything both the headline and the article paint a fairly even and accurate picture of where we are ... 
  i 'm confused as to why that would be hypocrisy , i mean , the uk is supporting refugees via the un , and in this piece he is saying that the refugee crisis could lead to an exit , not that he wants it to . . 
  he 's saying people should look beyond the crisis after all . 
   i get that but i 'm saying the root of the tough question that british people need to ask themselves and is being completely stomped down by rhetoric is `` do you want to place significant restrictions on immigration from other western european nations in order to stop a minority of citizens that may have first gained residency as refugees ? '', 
  and the answer to that would be yes . 
  frankly , for a significant portion of people in the uk , they 'd say yes to that even if there were n't a refugee crisis . . 
  i suppose the argument there is a question around why a german , or a dutch person should have special privileges over say an american or an australian , or indeed why anyone should be given the right to migrate if there is n't a need in the uk . 
  there are a lot of people who want the uk to simply run an australianesque points based migration system and sod the rest ...  i obviously also support free movement but i get the idea that what people want is to make it so a hans can move quite easily with minimum problems while an ndu with a german passport can not . 
  that 's a recent issue and stems more around the view that lots of refugees are coming in and will be granted those rights . 
  there has for a long time been the feeling that the uk would rather have whichever of the two out of hans and ndu had an engineering qualification and spoke english well ...  that is simply illegal and can not be enforced whether inside or outside of the eu due to british law that has nothing to do with the eu . 
  and what i said absolutely could be enforced . 
  the issue is that people think this comes down to racism more than anything else , it generally does n't ( there is an element of that too of course ) it mostly comes down to control . 
   i 'm not saying there is a right or a wrong answer and if they would like to severely limit immigration for the average german/french/dutch , that is the right of the british people but it needs to be said plainly and understood for what it is . 
  it is , repeatedly and often . 
  people do n't seem to hear it though and it 's exacerbated by the refugee issue ( which is actually a different issue again , but i digress ) . 
  its the independents own headline , and it 's the right one because camerons point is that the uk could lead to the uk leaving the eu ... 
  the caveat ( about long term views etc. . ) is the thrust of the argument , but the primary point is the important one . . 
  i seem to say this a lot , but you realise he wants the uk to remain part of the eu ? 
  i think leaving the eu would be a uk decision , whether or not the uk is part of the continent , and i think the uk has already broadly said what it is trying to do to help refugees from syria . 
  not being part of schengen and not having a say in other eu states domestic affairs , i do n't really know what the uk is supposed to do to help , especially when the suggestions that have been made around refugee reception centers , border security and so on have been broadly rejected . . 
  and he wants the uk to stay ... 
  firstly , i support free movement , but i was pointing out where the objections were , i 'll continue that here :  so are they going to get huge propellers and move the uk further away or something ? 
  no ... far too expensive , and once the conservatives figured you could n't use wind turbines to do that they got all upset . 
   because if france takes those people in , they will still be in france , and still just be across the channel from the uk . 
  of course , and if they wish to come to the uk they 'd be more than welcome to apply for entry . 
  the point is that as eu citizens , those refugees and migrants have a right to live in the uk which they would n't have if france had different policies on migration or the eu did n't allow free movement . 
   so would uk actively be about denying french people the right to work in the uk ? 
  because once they are french citizens , i 'm pretty sure discriminating based on national origin for that sort of stuff is pretty highly illegal . 
  if it left the eu ? 
  yes , i would have thought so . 
  as a part of the eu it ca n't . 
  again , that 's the issue that those people who see the migrant problem as an eu membership problem have . 
   i understand the emotion , but you ca n't start going and say i want cousteu but not mbeko for my french immigrants for example . 
  and i really doubt the uk actually wants to put strenuous restrictions on immigrants from france/germany/sweden / etc. . . 
  the argument is that there will soon be millions of refugees in eu countries , those may well end up with a status that allows them to move to the uk , regardless of the uks own migration policies . 
  does that make sense ? 
   i agree that the migrant thing is a serious issue with lack of action but i do n't think this sort of rhetoric is actually thinking through any solution that will actually help beyond just not being in schengen which is already the case .
