  i do n't really think that 's reasonable at all ... 
  the argument is that some people in the uk are unhappy with the eu ( many are very happy with the eu . . ) . 
  those that have objections tend to have them around either , immigration and free movement , opposition to power moving from the uk ( where they have control ) to the eu ( where they have less control ) , an objection to the notion of ever closer union ( and things like an eu military , a federal structure , more competencies when it comes to health , education and so on ) or some combination . 
  how is that not a a reason for why ? 
  what it boils down to is that those supporting an exit , or opt outs , believe they would be better off with those opt outs or an exit . 
  surely that is enough to support those options ? 
   it certainly is . 
  https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=how+to+withdraw+from+the+eu withdrawal from the european union is a right of european union ( eu ) member states under treaty on european union ( article 50 ) : `` any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . '', 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's me , or you , but let 's clarify again . 
  the question is whether de-integration within the eu is possible ... 
  the fact that a country can leave the eu ( which is pretty much a given ... ) is n't in question , whether a country that has n't , can make changes to deintegrate itself , is . .  why not ? 
  a federal europe would have the power to adopt an `` official '' language which would be taught along side national and regional languages . 
  because it 'd be massively unpopular in a fair number of eu states ? 
  and because in terms of cultural homogeneity it 's probably a bad thing . . 
  i 'm not saying it could n't happen , or that the eu could n't force the issue ( i see we are already handing that federal state control over education by the way . . ) i 'm saying that i do n't see it happening . 
   yes but there are so few of them that you do n't get the plurality of opinions that you get for national media . 
  plus without knowing the local language and culture its quite hard to gauge what 's actually going on in a different country . 
  even with pan-european/global media outlets this is true . 
  for instance , merkels statements on syrian refugee 's has been largely misreported by non-german media outlets . 
  she was talking in reference to syrian refugees already in the eu , and what she said was taken out of context and `` shown '' on global/pan-european media outlets . 
  i do not think this would have happened if we had an official common language . 
  but we have an unofficial common language , how would a formal one change that ? 
  local media would still cater to local media , politicians are still going to be speaking local languages . 
  unless of course you are painting this as some sort of , lets replace local languages , in which case . . maybe . 
  but i 'm not sure i 'd like that very much either . .  that 's not always the case !, 
  organisations might cater to people who do n't know they are `` interested in their offerings '' , new markets are always being created ! . . 
  yes . . but it does n't quite work like that does it ? 
  i assume you speak a couple of languages at least ( i speak german , english and french , so . . covers eu media pretty well ) but i still prefer english language media , largely because i use english every day and it 's just easier . 
  when i was working in germany , i mostly watched german news , listened to german radio and like half the german population , used the english internet ... 
  i ca n't see any of that changing even with an official language , unless it starts phasing out local other national languages . .  that 's might point , you might change your mind in the future ; so do n't `` rule out '' a federal europe . 
  just oppose it . 
  which is what i do , and will likely continue to do ... 
  but that does n't mean making it easier , or supporting measures that push in that direction . .  this is more vague problems , i asked for specifics . 
  it 's hard to argue against such vague complaints . 
  it 's vague , because the situation currently is vague . 
  if you look at the various briefing papers on eu renegotiation there are basically two things that emerge . 
  firstly that the uk 's current negotiations are about what renegotiation may be feasible . 
  secondly , that any changes would be subject to ep approval . 
  now it has also been made clear repeatedly that there is significant objection within various of the ep blocs to any significant changes to core aspects of eu membership , whether it is for all members , or for single members ( opt outs . . ) . 
  that includes any change to the review process ( yellow card system . . ) , changes to the use of qmv , changes to the way free movement is implemented and a host of other ` stuff ' . 
  but yes , it 's vague because we do n't know what the state of negotiations are . 
  but here 's the thing , if it turns out that there ca n't be , or wo n't be substantial negotiations complete with actual concrete outcomes by the referendum , then that is likely to be the basis people vote on . 
  not that hypothetically change may be possible ... at that point the only change that would be possible in terms of deintegration ( or potentially disintegration ... ) would be a vote to leave the eu ... 
   most of those people have an education and an inclination to work in the country they are leaving for , thats the big difference i think economic migrants generally have the inclination to work , education will vary ( just as it does with eu migrants . . ) , after all if you do n't work it 's not as though migrants generally have access to the welfare system . . 
  the question however was whether it 's simply people being greedy . . 
   i always interpreted it as a natural consequence of cooperation , a description rather than a prescription . 
  possibly , i suppose the uk would prefer to point out that it is n't a natural consequence of cooperation , and of course there is opposition to actually seeing ever closer union . 
  so you can see why they may want an explicit statement on this . 
   that 's pretty clear by now . 
  the growling is because opt-outs reduce the efficiency of eu policies and generates a lot of red tape ... precisely the things the uk likes to complain about to justify the anti-eu stance . 
  yes , but the uk is responsible for uk interests within the eu , it should be opting out of things where it seems reasonable to do so , in part not to hinder the rest of the eu and obviously because if something is n't right for the uk it should n't be part of it . 
  it 's hard to argue that a country should sign up to things it thinks are bad ( like , say the euro ) on the basis that might reduce the efficiency of the eu , or generate red tape . . 
   the concept is a bit broader than just walking wherever you want . 
  having smoothly integrated laws and public and government organizations also facilitates that . 
  yes . . and the question is how far people want to have integrated laws and public and government organizations , because you really do n't need them to the extent of the current eu , much like you do n't need to remove border controls , or say , a common foreign policy . 
  you can do all that stuff , the eu is doing all that stuff , and that 's great if you are into it , but for those who are n't , there are alternatives that work for everyone . 
  this seems to get missed a lot , so it 's worth clarifying . 
  at present both major parties are essentially ` officially ' pro-eu membership whilst having significant numbers of members opposed to eu-membership that it has become a problem for them internally and electorally . 
  it 's a bigger issue for the conservatives because of the way ukip has risen , but that challenge has started to impact on labour too and obviously there is a lot of concern around the issues . . 
  there is n't a left = pro-eu , right = anti-eu split and the issues involved are about far more than just immigration . 
  it 's probably also useful to note that most people support a referendum on eu membership for example , even whilst currently most people would prefer to stay in the eu ( ymmv by poll . . ) . 
  i have a feeling that the latter will change significantly over the next year , but again , from polling there is a significant majority of people who would vote to remain in the eu , if there are considerable reforms . 
  that mirrors this argument somewhat and that will be where we have issues for the remain campaign if there is no scope for meaningful change - essentially even our ` remain in the eu ' people want to see changes in the eu , it is n't ( as people in this sub often seem to assume ) driven by anti-eu types . 
  anyway , your point about conservative not meaning anti-eu is pretty important , and too many people seem to be missing it ... 
  it is ... 
  but eu membership is n't just about free movement and you do n't need eu membership for free movement ... 
  wow . 
  that really is incredible . 
  although i suppose i could just about survive it if it were at most 20 minutes a day for 17 days . . 
  i assume at that distance the it 'd be quite noisy when it got windy too . . ( i know the huge ones i 've been near have been reasonably loud when close up . . ) . 
   with the uk government slashing onshore wind subsidies and limiting offshore wind , and instead expressing more interest in fracking , i do think this result interesting . 
  just to be clear , the cut in wind and solar subsidies is largely because the subsidies worked as intended . 
  there has been a decent amount of investment , and an industry has grown up around wind and solar and is now self sustaining without the subsidies . 
  that is how it 's supposed to work , even if it usually does n't . . 
  but yeah , given the choice of fracking or a wind turbine , i think even the most nimby person would go for the latter . 
  but presumably you can see why it might not be good for certain members of the executive , or the military to be able to accept honours from foreign states ? 
  indeed , which would be incompetence , or negligence depending on how you looked at it . . 
  it 's a four paragraph article . 
  if you had read it , you 'd have noted the second paragraph : * regulations on the procedure for accepting foreign awards and decorations ( other than sport and scientific ones ) states that the permission must be obtained by any person holding a public office , which is appointed by the russian president , and military and customs officers . 
  * so , with that in mind , could you explain how this would have an impact on people from state universities ( who this does n't apply to ) getting nobel prizes ( that this would n't cover ) ? 
  i mean really , russia does a lot of shitty things , but this does n't really make the list and is fairly normal . 
  only employees directly appointed through the executive from the article , and not the majority of other employees , so less weird . 
   ttip will be implemented as laws passed by the local parliaments . 
  it 'll be ratified by them , but it is an agreement from the bloc , not a collection of bilateral agreements ...  judging from the complete lack of interest in the unified patent crap , the trade copyright agreement will probably sail right through . 
  backed by a couple of loud mouth candidates whining about welfare or refugees . 
  ttip is about vastly more than that though , so ... 
  i think there will be at least some debate . 
  hell , it was an issue in this last ep election so unless someone storms ahead with it ( which seems unlikely ) it 'll be an issue for the next one too . 
  it 's standard for military units not to be able to wear foreign awards without consent ( and you generally need permission to go and accept them too . 
  ) , i assume it 's generally the same for civil servants ( but ymmv ) . 
  there tends to be guidance on what is generally acceptable and the process for authorisation - see http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/134833vol3.pdf as an example . 
   what makes you say that ? 
  like i 've said , the uk referendum could technically be classified as de-integration . 
  yes , it is , but outside of the eu , on account of in involving the uk leaving the block to achieve it . 
  it does n't really answer the question of whether it is possible within the eu . 
   even though i personally want us to be a part of a fully federalised europe i will always respect the wishes of the british people first . 
  that does n't mean i will stop advocating for a federal europe or for us to be part of it though  of course . 
  if you do n't advocate for what you believe in you certainly wo n't get it !, 
  it 's absolutely the right thing for you to do . 
  although i 'll do everything i can to scupper it . .  do you mean westminster or the european parliament ?
