  local governments may fight the sharing economy and the digital single market , but there will be a moment when our global competitors will be so ahead of us that we 're all screwed . 
  take self-driving cars for example - if our global competitors spend billions on these technologies , but we block it ( local interests , lack of funding , labor unions etc ) then we 'll have a rude awaking when our logistics ca n't compete . 
  at all . 
  left behind without any hope . 
  except that if you look at that , the barriers are often at the eu level , which harms countries that do want and can move forward . 
  i 'd love to argue that the eu might resolve that , but frankly , i think it 'll do the reverse . 
   does that mean that the eu is at war with somebody/that the eu is invading somebody ? 
  no , it just means an eu member is . 
  the eu is n't a country after all and the mandate for that war comes from the country in question . 
  it 'd be a bit like saying the un invaded the falklands and then had to be retaken by the un ( because both the uk and argentina were un members ... ) when in reality we only talk about un action when it is sanctioned . 
  it seems to get a little muddier with nato where something may happen through nato but not include all members , but with the eu it 's pretty clear ... 
  the eu ca n't invade anyone it has neither the capacity nor the competence !, 
   but why do innocent people 's shit need to be broken ? 
   why do far left `` protesters '' feel the need to set fire to any car they consider a rich person 's ? 
   they are n't warriors for progress , they 're just assholes . 
  there is a difference between a riot and a protest ... 
  but the idea that you can protest without inconveniencing people , or having people lose money is generally daft . 
  a strike means people lose money , a protest means people might not be able to get to where they want to go and cost shops money . . bin men refusing to collect rubbish can cause no end of problems , increase the costs for local councils ( and so end up costing tax payers money . . ) . 
  a rolling roadblock can cause havoc with a countries traffic situation . 
  the reason that needs to happen at times is because if it does n't , no one gives a shit that anyone is protesting ... look at the junior doctors strike , of fire-fighters strikes in the uk , they have an impact on people . 
  not every violent action by a far left or far right group is a protest , but at the same time , societal change does require you to have an actual impact on people . . 
   certainly not the `` breaking things and making random people lose money '' you know , this thread makes me incredibly angry . 
  do people not remember any of the things that previous generations had to go through to get shit done , to get protections for workers , to fight for things like a sensible working week ? 
  do you think it came out of a committee meeting in some shiny building ? 
  ` people breaking things and making random people lose money ' is n't even the half of it . 
  is it any wonder that so many of those hard won things are being eroded now ? 
   northern ireland is irish . 
  hmm . 
   happy 0 days since last conflict , europe !, 
  they should put one of those signs up on the fence at the border !, 
  the other is that if you take this at face value , two thirds of british being eurosceptics to some degree , but then voting to remain is going to make for some interesting dynamics as europe tries to move forward with further integration and runs into the issue of treaty change requiring popular support in the uk . 
  i also do n't think the young/old split is anything like as pronounced as people suggest either , young people tend to be a little more extreme ( i know more federalists and extremely anti-eu people who are under 30 than over 30 . . ) , but the middle tends to simply be less politically engaged at all ... 
  anyone looking for young people to save the eus position in europe is probably going to be disappointed . 
   considering ukip polled third in the last election to be fair , turnout in the ep election was 35 % and as that sort of suggests , most people are n't really that bothered that much , if you compare it to the general election , where ukip managed around 12 % of the vote on a turnout of 66 % it tells you even less . 
  i 'm not sure party affiliation is going to be enough one way or another to make any solid predictions . 
  if we end up with a turnout anything close to the scottish independence referendum - almost 85 % , things will get even more interesting . 
  but right now i think it 'll come down to the campaigns , there are far too many undecided voters and who can actually get their supporters and the people leaning toward their view out to vote . 
  in which case i 'd disagree with him . 
  obviously we do n't need to be in the eu for other countries to be part of the eu . 
  and whilst i 'm sure it might be beneficial economically for some of the smaller states to be part of the eu ( moreso if they are supportive of the project as a whole ) i 'm also pretty sure that the issues they face are n't all economic , and indeed that some of those economic issues could be solved outside of the eu . 
  as i said , i think there are far more important factors for the peace , such as it is , that we have enjoyed in europe , than the eu . 
  for some countries that may be more or less true for others , they have n't had a part in that peace . . 
   ukraine has war , but not because of eu . 
  i 'm not saying the eu is responsible for way , i am saying that the eu is n't responsible for 70 years of peace . 
  we have n't seen 70 years of peace in europe , we have seen no major wars , but still lots of conflict and unrest . 
   but after the overthrow of the regime in belgrade , they all had a new goal - becoming part of the eu , even william hague agrees with that aspect . 
  indeed , what 's wrong with that ? 
  if a country wants to join the eu then why not !, 
  but that does n't suddenly mean that we have had no war in europe , or that the eu is responsible for the relative bits of peace we have seen . 
   its a bit faragian to somehow connect dictatorships and wars in europe to the eu , while ignoring the positive political and ideological effects it had for eastern europe . 
  again , i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying that the eu is n't responsible for the peace and that europe has had a slew of problems since wwii , and indeed that it will likely continue to face challenges . 
  absolutely . 
  there are decent arguments to say that the eu contributed , but i do n't think it was at the core of 70 years of peace , if for no other reason than we have n't had 70 years of peace . 
  people seem to ignore large bits of recent and not so recent history when they look at the eu , and are quick to ignore things like nato , the un , the cold war forcing something akin to unity on western europe in the face of nuclear war , and even bilateral relationships that pre-date the eu . 
  lets not forget that we have what amounts to a war in europe now in ukraine , previously in kosovo , macedonia , bosnia and cyprus . . . 
  lets not also ignore that we have had long periods of military dictatorship rule in several countries , and obviously the occupation and oppression in many more that are now part of the eu . 
  oh , and that small matter of the cold war ... 
  if the eu had n't existed , whether it remained something more akin to the common market , or even if it were just a set of bilateral agreements , i do n't think we would have seen the kind of wars we saw between 1914 and 1945 , and had the cold war turned hot the eu would n't have been any part of the deterrence . 
   for deporting you need to know from where they come from , which is not easy since most throw away their papers for this reason . 
  and when you do , if they come from a country that does not allow the deportation of people back to them , like morocco , then you are stuck . 
  france is in the same position that any other country is in in that regard , it 's not unique . 
  it 's not quite accurate to say that you need to deport them either , they can go back voluntarily . 
  you do need to know where to deport people to , of course you do . 
  but you can also hold people until you know where to deport them to , or until they are willing to leave the country . 
   detaining them raises a lot of problems . 
  firstly and most importantly the cost of such thing . 
  agreed , the cost in the uk is almost # 100 per person per day ( that 's obviously skewed by those that are the most expensive to detain ... ) . 
  so if you were detaining the entire group at calais for two months ( the uk average . . ) you 'd be looking at # 30 million ... for france that 'd be less than the apparent cost of the impact that not dealing with the problem is having on trade and transport . 
  i also assume france already runs some sort of immigration detention ( you may want to go and check , it 'd be surprising if it did n't ) . 
   ( and then , how long do we detain them ? 
  and the public opinion will go crazy if such things happen . 
  the government could do it , that 's true , but they will for sure loose the next elections . 
  what is a bunch of migrants in a camp in front of the career of a politician ? 
  right , but that 's a political problem not a practical one . 
  the alternative is the camps ( which have to have a negative impact politically too right ? ) . 
   well not in all the other schengen countries that saw these migrants passing by obviously . 
  no , you are right there ...  we can maybe agree that greece is not capable of handling the situation by itself , but that 's not the case of italy or austria . 
  they just let the problem pass by until it reaches the end : sweden , germany and calais . 
  this is why a common ( schengen countries ) solution is needed , before winter ends and the new huge group of migrants arrive . 
  indeed , but that problem ca n't be solved by the uk , it sits outside of that group . 
  if the uk were to suddenly take the migrants in calais i think we could make a convincing argument that rather than helping solve the issue , supporting actual refugees or improving the security of schengen borders , we 'd be setting exactly the kind of precedent that would result in more people heading to calais . . 
   the ones that do so are not in calais though . 
  quite a few do , not all of them obviously . 
  if they do n't claim asylum though , then they are simply illegal in the country . 
  if you are in a country without a legal basis to be there , without applying for asylum or going through some other process ( or have the relevant visa or passport etc. . ) then you deport them , or detain them . 
  it 's what happens in pretty much every other country in the world , why is france suddenly not able to do that for this particular group ? 
   well yeah the main thing is we are in schengen . 
  and the uk is not . 
  there is n't a whole lot that the uk can do about that . 
  that said , if france ca n't manage its borders , then at least in the case of the calais migrants , france at least knows that they are in the country under irregular terms and could act . .  these guys should have been handled by italy and greece . 
  you are right , and france should be looking at why that is n't happening and what they can do about it . 
  at the end of the day france is responsible for its own policies and the integrity of its immigration processes . 
   saying that france is the root of the problem does not help . 
  migrants will keep arriving in calais because italy and greece can not handle the situation and a common task force to secure european borders is what france and other countries are fighting for in the european commission these days . 
  if we secure the external borders , the flow of migrants will stop . 
  france is n't the root of the problem , not by a long shot . 
  france is however the country that is stuck with this particular problem . 
  the fact that schengen has caused issues , at least in part because there was n't enough attention given to the security of outer borders is at least in part france 's responsibility . 
  it is n't the uk 's ( given the position the uk took on schengen . . ) .
