  in particular , it lacks a fiscal backstop . 
   this raises important questions about macroeconomic policy in the eurozone , and for the european central bank in particular . 
  in an ideal world -- the world of finance professors -- you would end any private-sector debt crisis through a resolution process . 
  this would include bankruptcy , bank resolution procedures , or the creation of bad banks where the government takes on the bad assets of floundering institutions . 
   we europeans are notoriously bad at resolution -- special interests usually stand in the way . 
  we are in the extend-and-pretend camp . 
  we extend non-performing loans , and pretend they are still good . 
  italy 's statistics tell us that the volume of these loans is $ 200bn . 
  believe that if you will . 
   when pensioners start killing themselves , the political support for this process is hitting a limit . 
  this is now happening in italy . 
  the country has no fiscal capacity for big bank bailouts . 
  conclusions and german concerns are also fairly interesting ( if not massively surprising ) . 
  the eu is its member states , if they are n't on board the eu probably should n't be getting stuff done , but that certainly should n't be an excuse for those states to do nothing and blame the eu either . 
  that said , this :  eu officials call the plan a largely theoretical `` nuclear option '' and stress that any infringement of national sovereignty would be balanced by the power of a majority of member states to block commission intervention really does n't inspire confidence , and whilst i 'm not that bothered ( the uk is n't in schengen , so happily the ` nuclear options ' does n't apply here . . ) i can entirely see why some members might be . 
  ftse is down about 12 % since may too , although it 's up 4 % since the october low . 
   there may come a time when these regional powers express their interest in pulling moldavia in . 
  there may be , but given the bulk of the contribution to nato comes from outside of the region and the risk to countries like germany , france the us , uk etc. . without any real added defensive capacity it seems unlikely . 
  after all nato is a defensive alliance , it 'd be daft to put members in a position where they were making themselves less secure . 
   should 've mentioned that i do n't see moldavia entering nato atleast until ukraine is not well on it 's way to become an eu member . 
  right , that makes more sense , although a lot would have to change for either scenario to become likely , i 'd do n't think there is a lot of appetite for eu expansion either at present . 
  in reverse order :  being useful in collapsing russia 's `` courtyard '' system of territories in the former ussr and elsewhere . 
  i 'm not sure how useful it would be and whether there is much support for further nato expansion . 
  moldova does n't really bring anything to the table strategically and does n't add to the defence capacity of nato so to a certain degree it could be seen as an additional liability on the edges of nato . 
   nato surely would be willing to accept moldavia into the organisation , as it carries way less issues and dangers with it , compared to georgia , while at the same time there is absolutely no way that georgia or ukraine will become nato members any time soon , for obvious reasons so whilst you are right , moldova has far fewer issues , it still has issues that make it fairly unattractive as a nato member . 
  the fact that moldova does n't control all of its own territory and the deployment of russian troops in the areas it ca n't control are fairly significant issues . . 
  indeed , although whilst that might open the door from the moldovan side to join nato ( or at least remove the constitutional bars to joining ) i 'm not entirely sure why nato would be willing to have moldova as a member . 
   i do n't like that idea of making a difference in social benefits . 
  of course it is going to be popular with a certain demographic , but such a measure can even in the most optimistic case only lead to a small one-time benefit for nationals for the price of having systematic disadvantage for the rest of the workers . 
  i broadly agree . 
   internal eu immigration is almost no longer a topic with the refugee crisis going on right now , but let me remind everybody , you do n't want social exclusion , lack of opportunities and them being pushed into parallel societies for eu foreigners any more than you do n't want it for syrians . 
  internal eu migration is a massive issue for people in the uk , because that makes up almost as much of the uks inbound migration as all other parts of the world . 
  there is a feeling in some quarters that it is unfair that eu nationals get priority over non-eu nationals even where we need one set of skills but not the other . 
  obviously the syria crisis puts a whole additional point on it , but i 'm not sure that in the uk at least , that 's terribly relevant to migration , its more relevant to asylum policy , border security and eu incompetence, 
  ca n't disagree with that , although the data might at least help some people to understand the actual impact of an action compared to what they think it might do . . 
   that kettle of fish does n't exist . 
  the cornerstones of the eu single market are the four freedoms of the eu . 
  free movement of goods , capital , services , and people . 
  if you do n't want these , you do n't get access to the single market . 
  period . 
  the eu currently has trade agreements that provide market access to a number of countries that do n't offer free movement of people . 
  it is currently negotiating more on the same basis , including with the us . 
  so yes , market access ( not on the same terms as a member of the single market ) is more than possible . 
   the free movement of goods and the ability to negotiate own trade deals are not compatible . 
  if the uk makes a free trade deal with china , china would suddenly have access to the eu single market . 
  because goods that are legally imported into the uk would suddenly be treated as eu single market goods . 
  indeed , and that 's a fairly major point , the uk wo n't be able to negotiate its own trade agreements if it wants to continue having the same relationship with the eu as it enjoys now . 
  but that is sort of the point . 
   if the uk wishes to negotiate own trade deals , they have to leave the single market and the customs union . 
  absolutely . 
   the uk might negotiate a free trade agreement . 
  but that 's not single market access . 
  it 's access , it 's not membership . 
  edit : / u/fluchtpunkt deleting his comment obviously makes this considerably harder to read . . 
  i 'm not sure that 's the point , and i 'm sure eu migrants would continue to contribute more if they did n't have access to in work benefits too ... 
  this issue ( and frankly i think its a bit of a non-issue , but it seems to get a lot of peoples backs up . . ) . 
  much like eu membership is n't just a cost analysis , its about what people think is fair and what they want from their government . 
  now personally i think its fair that if you are working the same job you get the same pay , support , protections etc. . but some people seem to think that foreigners ( and that includes eu citizens ) should have to ` pay in ' to the system for some period before hand , to prevent people coming just for the benefits . 
  but it is n't a flat economic calculation , this is really important in the context of both this issue and eu membership more broadly . 
  there are a significant proportion of people who feel that if leaving the eu costs the uk money , its still worth it because of the changes in governance . 
   although i 'm under the impression that many people support brexit under the premise that the single market membership will remain intact , and is not going to be replaced by some watered-down free trade agreement that would make things more difficult for businesses relying on the eu market . 
  i think the general gist is that on both sides of the argument , no-one wants to limit access to markets ( goods , services and capital ) in either direction , largely because that really would hurt the uk and eu . 
  i 'd also prefer to see free movement , but it is n't a given and based on a lot of the domestic position in the uk , i can imagine it being something closer to visa free travel arrangement , easy access student visas and non-working visas , with a work visa ( in both directions ) that has controls on it . 
  that 'd also be far easier to get to , after all the eu is fairly open as a market even without a trade agreement in place . . 
  many people support brexit on the basis that economically the uk would have more freedom after an exit , whether that 's as part of the eea , a member of the single market , or simply a trade relationship is mostly up in the air , the arguments on specifics tend to come from those who want to stay to point out that either , an exit that keeps the uk in the single market does n't separate the eu from the uk anyway , or to claim that we 'd be regulated to death with no input ( or that the uk simply would n't get a deal ) . 
  i 'm not sure most people have their hearts set on a particular outcome at all . 
   the point is that if uk wants access to the single market , eu could enforce equal treatment of workers when it comes to things like in-work benefits as part of the deal following brexit . 
  eu is pretty keen on fighting protectionism . 
  if the uk wants to be a member of the single market you 'd be right , but i assume it 's looking for market access . 
  in that case it 'd be looking for a trade agreement which would be a very different kettle of fish entirely , and i 'd assume that it would put the eu/uks migration on a similar footing to us/uk or aus/uk ( or indeed eu/us . 
  eu/aus etc. . ) migration which does mean conditional access . 
  and as i said , the uk could simply base the benefit on residency ( as with nhs access for example ) regardless of nationality and achieve broadly the same thing . 
   want another example ? 
  heavy weapons get illegally imported into the eu ... and illegal imports of weapons are dealt with by making them ... more illegal ? 
  no , they are dealt with by customs officers , the police and border guards inspecting goods . 
  free movement of goods does n't mean un-inspected movement , it does n't apply to goods coming from outside the eu and it does n't mean you get to move whatever illegal rubbish you want from one place to another . 
  essentially , the argument you seem to be making would allow the eu to regulate on any issue , simply because the lack of border controls somehow makes it an eu problem if one country does something different . 
  you are creating what amounts to an eu ` interstate commerce ' type clause argument ... 
  i like the uk 's level of gun control ( mostly , a few exceptions , but nothing major ) that 's what keeps the uk police unarmed , it keeps gun crime down and so on . 
  but that is a job for the uk , i do n't want it messed about with at the eu level . 
  the point is that you get to choose how your country is run , and decide what laws you want . 
  you are right that it 's absurd in the context of truly open borders , but the uk is n't part of schengen and whilst cameron can and should discuss this with other countries , the eu is probably the wrong forum for change anyway . 
  given he is n't looking for an opt out ( as far as i am aware . . ) i 'd assume that is exactly what he 's asking for . 
   i 'm not 100 % sure they could get that even if they leave the eu . 
  it 's a unified labor market , you are either an eu worker or you 're not . 
  well , the point would be that if the uk left the eu , someone entering the uk from the eu to work would n't be an eu worker , you 'd be a migrant with whatever visa conditions , or conditions of visa free entry applied to them . 
  of course they could limit access to these benefits , although frankly simply changing the criteria for access to the benefit by residency length and applying it to everyone would probably work just as well . 
  or at the last minute , there 'll be a compromise and it 'll be a massive success ... ( and people may or may not buy that . . ) . 
  amnesty international 'd be right ... 
  fta : the european commission announced a move saturday that will extend trade protections aimed at helping european solar power manufacturers compete against cheaper chinese products . 
  the trade protections , put in place in 2013 , were originally due to expire monday , but by announcing a review of its existing antisubsidy and antidumping measures , the commission will ensure they remain in place through the end of the investigation , commission officials said . 
  eu prosun , an association of solar power equipment manufacturers , says such commission reviews typically take up to 15 months , which would mean the measures will likely stay in place through the end of next year . 
  the current trade protections put stiff import duties on chinese solar products . 
  but some producers are exempted from the tariffs if they comply with a 2013 agreement to export solar panels above a minimum price . 
  there has been a long-running battle between the chinese solar panel industry and manufacturers in europe and the u.s. that has been the subject of furious lobbying . 
  european and u.s. producers have said that chinese firms , relying on hefty chinese government subsidies , have built up huge overcapacity and are dumping their surplus products into western markets at unfairly low prices . 
  in june , the european union said three chinese manufacturers were violating the 2013 agreement and would be subjected to the higher tariffs . 
  a spokesman for the commission said that it is required by law to open a review investigation when a request by industry contains sufficient proof that subsidies or dumping are likely to continue . 
  the spokesman said that trade measures are put place to insure there is `` a level playing field between domestic and foreign producers '' and to protect manufacturers in the eu from `` international trade distortions and unfair trade . '' officials with the chinese embassy to the eu could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
  according to eu pro sun , before the current measures were put in place chinese solar manufacturers had taken 80 % of the european market and sold solar power equipment at prices far below their manufacturing cost -- a practice sometimes called dumping .
