  if the eu simply ignores , or makes it impossible to take into account shifting views , eu members can simply withdraw if their populations are unhappy . 
   it is . 
  so let 's not make it any worse than it already is . 
  the status-quo is n't acceptable now , the reforms cameron wants do n't really fix that , but the answer is n't to just grin and bear it , the answer is to do something about it or stop being part of it . 
   of course there 's no devious ploy here , i do n't blame the britons for trying , they 're only doing what 's best for their country . 
  of course the uk is trying to do what is best for the uk , what else can the uk do ? 
  its an elected government , they 'd get sacked if they said they were doing stuff for the benefit of germany , or for the benefit of some intergovernmental organisation like the eu . . eu membership is supposed to benefit the uk , it 's supposed to , on balance , be better than being out of the eu . 
  if that ceases to be the case , then the uk either needs reform , or to leave . 
   i blame the eu for letting them get away with it . 
  this is blackmail and once we 've shown we can be bullied that way , they 're just going to keep doing it . 
  what exactly can the eu do about it ? 
  the uk is part of the eu at the moment , just ignoring a member would be worse than the alternatives surely ? 
  its not about treating you as a second class citizen , it 's about you not being a citizen . 
  if i go and work in the us or canada i 'm not being treated as a second class citizen , i 'm being treated as a foreign national . 
  but let me be clear , i do think that workers ( whether eu citizens , americans , pakistanis , afghans or anyone else . . ) should have access to the same provision that anyone does . 
  that is to say access to the nhs , access to the education system for their kids , to benefits when they need support , they should also have the right to vote in local elections and to do all the other things that you 'd expect . 
  but that sort of only works if the conditions of entry and remaining in the uk are somewhat sensible ( people coming to work , study or similar are a benefit to the economy at the end of the day ) and some right , like indefinite leave to remain in the uk , voting in national elections and referenda etc. . are things that should n't be available without citizenship . 
  the uk should be reasonably open to immigrants , it should be easier to bring your spouse ( as a canadian say . . ) than it is at the moment but i see no reason why a priority should be given to an eu citizen over any other ... 
  it makes almost no sense that it is massively harder for a canadian or an australian to come to the uk long term than it is for a german of french person . . 
  one of the other benefits of brexit will hopefully be the disintegration of ukip , the eu is paradoxically the only thing holding them together and i ca n't see much prospect for continued support once that issue is removed - although i can see further problems within labour and the conservatives afterwards . . 
   ukip polled at 10 % in their `` breakthrough '' election , i 'd hardly call that `` significant '' . 
  ukip do n't represent everyone who want to see the uk out of the eu though , i 'd never vote ukip ( or tory for that matter ) and i spend enough time with people for whom the issues with the eu are n't about migration or refugees or benefits , but almost polar opposite . 
  this is n't a ukip vs the rest of the country issue , if it were it would n't be a problem . 
  and yes , we 'll see how significant the number is after the referendum , but it 's not going to be some tiny 10 % minority and support is n't going to come only from the right either . 
  some of the summaries on this are pretty good , that said , they keep changing the headline so ( so do n't shoot me if it changes ... ) . 
  it was `` eu referendum blow for cameron as brussels ` waters down britain 's demands in every area ' '' but i guess that was n't attractive enough to the telegraphs core demographic . . 
  it does n't even come close to meeting his own suggested aims , which still fell far below what quite a number of people would consider a ` reformed ' eu . 
  it does n't even touch on any real reform in areas like regulation and innvation , or help deal with the perceived issues of direction when it comes to the eu . 
  the absurd thing is that the largest focus seems like its now on benefits , which may well play well with some conservative eurosceptics , but does nothing for the rest of us ( and is still subject to the approval of other countries ) . 
  and this is before it runs into the other member states properly , this is before it gets watered down a little more and obviously a lot of it seems to be about setting up something that might lead to the thing being suggested , that will still require consent down the road . 
  and i 'd hate to see what concessions the uk has offered in return . . 
   if the uk gets what it wants , i could imagine other countries to start using the same leverages . . there will be no end to it . 
  it would be awful if eu countries built an eu that made sense for them ...  on top of that , if the eu really let the uk to treat their eu migrants as second-class citizens while still taxing them as equal ; then it is only fair for the rest of the eu to have the same reciprocal policies towards the brits , while still taxing them as equal . 
  eu migrants are n't british citizens , and british citizens are n't citizens of the countries they move to in the eu either , so i would n't be surprised if there are some differences between how countries treat ex-pats ... that 's how it works pretty much everywhere ( bar possibly between the uk and ireland . . ) . 
  what you seem to be suggesting is that no-one should be allowed to alter the terms of their membership within the eu at all . . that seems pretty bizarre . 
  as to the power imbalance between smaller and larger states , surely that 's a problem anyway ? 
  i 'd add that on the uk side at least this is n't a ploy , the uk really does have a significant number of people who would like to see the uk outside of the eu , and of course the point has to be made that even if these changes and new settlement are made there is no guarantee that the uk wo n't leave anyway . 
  the alternative would be what ? 
  saying it was n't a mistake ... ? 
  she 's saying that it was a terrible mistake on her part to go , not that she got on the wrong plane by mistake ... to be honest i 'd be more concerned about the implications that she lied about what she thought would happen and the circumstances that got her into it , but at the end of the day i 'd rather have someone say that they made a mistake than not . . 
  [ we are more similar than you might guess ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/local-elections/8498399/local-elections-2011-rivals-draw-lots-for-vital-bury-council-seat.html ), 
  happily that is n't going to happen , or rather if it did there would n't be anything resembling the eu or eurozone left . 
   how is dealing with the problem of having 28 regulatory environments not the eu 's core business ? 
  and how is that relevant here ? 
  these ` unicorns ' trade globally , the issue is n't that the eu does n't have a harmonised regulatory framework across everything the issue is that the regulations that are in place are n't fit for purpose and start-ups find it hard to raise funding . 
   the eu 's hands are tied , if they were n't , we would n't have that regulation problem . 
  the eus regulations in areas where it does have competence are a problem , so why would you assume that the issue is a lack of competence . . ? 
   in the eu , most money is in the banks somehow . 
  if you want to change the way money is used , you have to change the way the banks work . 
  and that is n't a problem you can solve through regulating a better outcome , this is n't a new problem , attempts to solve it ( notably in germany where issues are most dire in this area . . ) generally fail because they cause a clash of contrasting requirements . 
  there is risk in this , and risk averse countries tend to have more of an issue . 
   creating that is its mission . 
  how else are you going to achieve that ? 
  waiting until countries see the error of their ways and spontaneously copy the regulation of a single country in its entirety ? 
  ` creating it ' has been tried and does n't seem to work . 
  allowing multiple approaches and ensuring that there is freedom to act , rather than trying to regulate or legislate to create something seems to have worked better in the us and elsewhere . 
   the mentality aspect is crucial , but that will never grow when financiers ( which in the eu context usually are banks ) refuse to take people seriously after having a bankrupcy once , for example . 
  for better or worse , the banks distribute the money , and if that institution does n't work as it should , it has to be reformed . 
  and single countries do n't have the clout to enforce that . 
  single countries can manage their own banks , and do . 
  central planning , or some sort of central reorganisation by imposing yet more external regulation ( that ignores local needs . . ) is n't any healthier . 
  sure , it makes sense not to write people off after a single bankruptcy , and that is the case in some eu countries , but you can hardly dictate how banks assess risk ( or rather at that point you may as well nationalise the banks , because you are micromanaging their operations ) . 
  seriously , the way to push for more innovation is not some crushing central missive that is handed down from on hight by the great and the good ... 
   what i do n't understand though , is how you try to join daesh only to figure out in raqqa that they are fucking insane . 
  no , i do n't either . 
  it has to take a massive amount of selective perception and a fair amount of brain washing . 
  to be fair , i do n't see the propaganda aimed at arabic speakers , and i 'm willing to bet that fundamental islam coupled with it makes it seem less like the fucking disaster that it might look like to you and me . 
  after all , they have people join . .  it 's ofc possible that the ` mistake ' that the woman is referring to pertains to her own individual situation upon arrival . 
  it 's possible she had a different idea of what her new life was going to be like , that she became disillusioned with her prospects and left again . 
  i 'd absolutely assume that , although i also wonder whether we 'd find what she expected or hoped for as much more palatable . 
  there are some pretty crazy people out there after all . 
   however , whilst that is absolutely possible and perhaps even likely , it would also demonstrate laterally that she apparently does n't a shit about mass genocide and sexual slavery . 
  which still makes her a terrorist sympathizer and a jihadist . 
  absolutely , it should be clear from her actions that she absolutely did support terrorism and would seem to meet almost the textbook definition of a jihadist . 
  although again , her notions of what that meant may have taken a bit of a battering when faced with the reality . 
   if her ` mistake ' was about anything else than a sudden realization that daesh are genocidal maniacs , i find it to be irrelevant honestly . 
  i 'd argue that if she realises that she made a mistake and has changed her views then it 's relevant , but does n't excuse the support she provided . 
  i suppose that 's why she 's off to prison . 
   i refuse to categorize joining genocidal organisations as ` oops , my mistake ' . 
  no , but you could realise it was a mistake . 
  that does n't make it any better , it 's not an excuse , but its better than someone who does n't see it as a mistake . . 
   the two main obstacles are identified as problems finding venture capital and regulatory differences . 
  in both cases the eu is necessary to solve those problems : obviously in the latter case , but also in the first case by a reform of the banking sector , which can not be done by a single country . 
  there is plenty of money there , it has to get out into the economy . 
  what a load or rubbish . . 
  the eu is n't necessary to solve those issues unless you are looking at it on an eu scale . 
  on the regulatory side , i 'd argue the eu is actually a hindrance ( given the approach to regulation the eu takes when compared to countries like the us , canada and the uk where it still has an exclusive competence . . ) . 
  when it comes to funding , the solution is n't an eu one as such , it is one related to attitudes to risk , it does n't require banking reform , it requires a shift in attitudes . . 
  the eu does not have a decently sized or accessible market where its young new companies can exit via initial public offerings , it does n't have the same approach that the us does to entrepreneurship ( arguably the balance between countries like the uk and germany mean that it 'll always fall short . . ) . 
  i think what is often missed is that the way to support start-ups and innovation is to broadly get out of the way and regulate when necessary , it 's almost impossible to regulate in a manner that creates innovation ... 
   and your patent laws are n't as strong as the us . 
  i would argue that excessively strong patent legislation is actually a barrier to any kind of industrial revolution - it makes it vastly harder for people to pick up an idea , modify and improve upon it and move on . 
  if you look at issues with patents during the industrial revolution and how that translated to the us it 's actually really quite interesting . 
  i 'd actually argue taxes are n't that important either , but regulation is and the eu generally seems to take the wrong approach on regulation far too often ( rather than being hands off and legislating as required , there seems to be a need to ` do something ' ) and that does kill innovation . 
  then you are n't shooting at them for theft , you 'd be shooting at them because they pose a deadly threat to you or those around you . . you ca n't go around shooting people for evading arrest , whether it 's for theft or anything else unless there is also an immediate and proportionally dire threat to you or someone else . . 
  i think it 's probably more accurate to say that the uk and us have overlapping interests in some areas and carry out a fair amount of joint activity ( especially on intelligence ) . 
  where interests diverge however , or where the uk and us compete , there is far less appearance or actual us dominance . 
  someone mentioned the chinese lead investment bank and syria below , but it 's far more than that . 
  the uk and us also have some really large interconnects when it comes to banking and finance that can lead to some interesting mutual ground ( which often is seen as negative from an eu perspective . . ) . 
  frankly i 'd rather see the uk maintain a few capabilities that they currently rely on the us for , and deepen the relationship with france but at the same time i 'm aware that at least at present , the us / uk relationship is seen as very valuable . .
