  it 's not an ideal situation of course , and it is a product of the eu outer borders not being terribly secure , coupled with issues in having a bloc wide way of dealing with migrants , but it is n't insurmountable either . 
   yeah this part is weird . 
  of course uk leaving the eu does not mean we can not be friends anymore . 
  agreed . 
  interesting . 
  i suddenly realised that i know almost nothing about french nuclear doctrine . . 
  what ? 
  the uk does n't have tactical nuclear weapons , i 'm not interested in who makes them , but who has them deployed in europe . . 
   you get 1 referendum well , we get one now on membership and assuming leave does n't win , the [ european union act 2011 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2011/12/contents ) means we also get a referendum on treaty changes if there is an extension of the objectives of the eu , if the eu gets or extends a competency and in a few other cases . 
  but you are right , this referendum is n't going to lead to another one if we vote leave , it 'll mean the uk leaves the eu . 
  which is how it should be ... 
   there was a cursory glance at my passport prior to departure , but it was n't border control . 
  and if you 'd have had a passport that required a visa ( and you did n't have that visa . . ) you would n't have gotten on the plane . . 
   you can leave the country without your passport being checked by immigration but your carrier will check it because they 'll end up with costs if you do n't appear to have the right to enter at the other end and get turned around . 
   france is not an island , you forget this that does n't change the fact that the issue is in calais and that france can and should be able to deal with it . . 
   france is not an island , migrants come from other countries , going to england , and france is the last country they get into before attempting to cross over to the uk because we are the closer , we could shift the blame to all the other countries that have let them pass , or you can acknowledge that france is the only one holding them from getting to the uk . 
  i 'd acknowledge that they are in france , and that the uk having borders that are n't entirely porous ( and yes , being an island helps with that ) means that there is little scope for onward movement , but that does n't mean that france ca n't act , nor indeed that france ca n't process or return those that have made it to france . 
   now if you do n't want to be friend , then we wo n't go out of our way to help you , and we will do what we can to get the clients for which we can offer a benefit you will not be able to give them . 
  how is the uk not being a friend ? 
  we have a good relationship with france , we have been working together in lots of areas outside the eu and within the eu ...  on this note , the banking part is more a threat to germany and other eu countries , we would compete to get those bankers who want access to the unique market that the uk could not offer anymore ... france and germany have both been competing with the uk for bankers and greater reach in terms of financial services . 
  it has n't managed that because of the uks global stature , not because of the eu . 
  london has been a financial centre for a long time , the eu has been trying to build it 's own for a long time , but so far it has failed . 
  i do n't see that changing radically . . 
  given the eastward expansion of nato , at least you can rest easy knowing that if they were to be used , it 'd probably would n't be in german in the first instance any more ... that 'd probably be the second or third exchange !, 
  indeed . 
  although i think it 's probably hong kong 's stature as an international finance hub that matter at least as much as the banks history . 
  i 'm only sorry i doubted you ( and really i just wanted an excuse to go and read the bild and be outraged ... ), 
  the point on tactical nuclear weapons is actually quite interesting , the uk does n't have any of its own ( it has basically gone down the route of strategic deterrence . . ) and i 'm not sure where france is on that now . 
  the point being that the use of smaller tactical weapons as part of a conventional military operation is deemed more acceptable and less likely to lead to escalation . 
  i 'm not sure how valid that last point is , pretty much every war-game i 've seen that starts with tactical use of nuclear weapons end up with a nuclear response and escalation . . 
  still , worth pondering , the reduction of tactical weapons and a reduction in deliverable strategic weapons as part of a modernisation process ( which also happens to degrade the limited abm capacity currently deployed , and so making first strikes less attractive ) might actually be a good next step in multilateral nuclear weapons reductions . 
  [ google cache link ] ( https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:nsrmuhvwqzmj:https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/russian-federation/2016-02-09/problem-natos-nukes+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=uk ) - ymmv, 
  wow , ` gr\u00fcner mit hitler-droge erwischt ... ' you were n't kidding . 
   basically , this is saying `` take care of your own problems , we are not doing this for you anymore '' . 
  the uk 's problem in this context being france not being able to effectively deal with illegal immigrants on its soil of course . . 
  that was after deciding whether to move hsbc 's hq from london ... to hong kong . . france ( and germany . . ) did n't even get e proper look in . 
  there is a reason for that . . 
  always . 
  more than most of the rest of the country , and in my defence , a german making a joke is outside of the usual frame of reference . 
  although at least it met expectations by not being funny and difficult to spot . 
  ah , poor / u/xiaolaoban then . 
  the uk does n't veto everything , in fact it goes to great pains to try and ensure it does n't stand too much in the way , that 's broadly why it has opt outs on stuff . 
  rather than vetoing it , it stands to one side on some of the stuff it thinks would be bad for it , or that would be politically impossible in the uk to allow the rest of the eu to continue . . 
  someone should really arrest them . . 
  does that whole ` surrender your passports ' thing they do in the uk for hooligans only apply to football ? 
   anti german reddit brigades really ? 
  these are a thing ? 
  fta :  young also claimed the gang were speaking with english accents and said that when he tells actual migrants to leave his truck alone , they politely do so . 
  raises the question about whether there is an issue with people going to areas in calais where the police are ineffective and acting violently because they believe there will be no consequences . 
  that 's what i meant about the construction , it reads like a tangent to criticise uk government policy on the current migrant crisis . 
  the claim ( based on the arguments in the article ) are that the ` pressure on reception facilities caused by the refugee crisis has a disproportionately damaging effect on vulnerable people ' . 
  which makes sense , but then the issue is n't which countries have taken proportionally more , but which have overburdened asylum systems . 
  to put it another way , if the uk had taken a proportionally similar number of refugees , it would n't mean that the argument that removing vulnerable asylum seekers to countries with overburdened asylum systems would be less valid . 
  or another way again , it would n't be relevant that italy had taken fewer refugees than the uk , if it 's system was failing vulnerable refugees . 
  the key point is n't the distribution of refugees , but the capacity of the receiving state to properly handle inbound refugees . 
  it seemed like an odd thing to tack onto the end , because the level of uk acceptance of refugee does n't seem relevant . . 
  the tacking on ` which have taken in far more refugees than the uk ' to the end mostly , it 's does n't seem relevant to the first bit . 
  i was wondering about that , maybe assuming a best case and not reducing income from vat payments ? 
  i thought the uk 's net contribution to the budget was around 11 % gross ( fluctuates obviously . . ) , well behind germany 's 20 % . . 
  even net i thought it was closer to 6 % than 2 % . . 
  in either case , it should n't bee too hard to make up across 27 states . 
  indeed , although the paragraph that explains it seems like a pretty odd construction :  the british government is fighting in several court cases for the right to use european asylum law to deport refugees and asylum seekers back to countries including italy , which have taken in far more refugees than the uk . 
  if the people that took them did it to protect them from the destruction that we 've seen in syria , then surely that has to be seen as a good thing ? 
   that 's where your money is going , instead of the common european market . 
  yeah , those damn swiss and their non-eu ways ... 
  i think ( but might be wrong ) that you can still refer to the dots as umlauts in that context , it is still modifying a vowel , the combination ( pair of vowels . . is what makes it a different thing . . ) . 
  beyond my language skills though . 
  as long as we all agree that an \u00df is a ` squirrelly s ' i 'm happy . 
  at least that 's spelled mostly how it sounds . . 
  to be clear , does that mean another funeral for thatcher at some point , or not ? 
  it 's an important consideration . 
  in english , umlaut refers to the marks and it does n't just apply to german language texts , in german i think they would be referred to as umlautpunkte , although i 've only ever heard them referred to as either punkte , or as my step-father prefers , p\u00fcnktchen and the individual characters in their phonetic sense ( it 's spelled ` ka oe el en ' and not say , ` ka o-umlaut el en ' ) . 
  i was n't expecting that level of dashcam coverage ... 
  it 's not a tabloid , it 's basically a centre-leftish , broadly unaligned ( and not politically affiliated ) broadsheet that is packaged in a more tabloidy form factor . 
  certainly not daily mail-ish and it tends to be fairly well respected , to the extent any paper is anyway . 
   even when it 's with an o or an a ? 
  i thought the umlauts were just the dots . 
  no , you are right . 
  it 's the dots over a vowel to change the sound . 
  cologne never ceases to impress on that score . 
  somewhat worse than that , it 's ` fear the unknown , continue the status quo , but a different status quo , one that differs , depending on who we are talking to ' . 
  i 've noticed this , but it seems to be only for relatively new posts . 
  i assume a single downvote from someone would be enough to sink a new post though . . 
  if there are a few people sitting in / new and voting fairly aggressively it would n't take any sort of formal brigading to be able to direct the discussion to at least some extent . . 
  some of us got it . 
  i think accents help, 
  you probably need to give a little more detail about what you are aiming for , language skills and so on . 
  each eu country will have a slightly different route and set of requirements that you 'd want to look at . 
  making a choice will depend on everything from your education level and the scarcity of jobs in your field in the country you are looking at . 
  once you are in the eu you 'll arguably have more choices of relocating further ( although again , that depends on several factors . . ) . 
  generally speaking , unless you have a claim on citizenship in an eu country , you 'll need to either be looking to study , be aiming for a job where there is a shortage of qualified staff or have a job offer that pays above a certain threshold ( again , it 's different depending . . ) . 
  so . . a little more detail and what you are hoping for would be pretty helpful !, 
  lots of people do it though and there are plenty of opportunities , the process can be a bit bureaucratic and you 'll need to be clear about what you intend , but it is entirely doable !, 
   i 'm afraid you 're going to have to buy a kettle quickly too , there may be limits on the ones that boil quickly soon !, 
   the contract are not lost , we just do n't want to accept them . 
  both trade arms with saudi arabia though . . 
  some sort of due process is generally traditional i believe . 
   with the way our security services operate you can be sure it 's all being logged somewhere . 
  with the way our it procurement processes work you can be sure it 's on index cards ... 
   it/tech is a very alarming example of this .
