  if there is a formal dig on private land , the archaeologists involved with generally have a finds agreement with the landowner , so any movable objects they find can go into a public collection , but the do n't have to . 
  it basically comes down to the landowner , and any agreement with the finder . 
  that said , there are n't many legal obligation to report finds ( although human remains must be reported to the police and treasure is handled separately ) . 
  and requirements to record archaeological finds can be part of land stewardship agreements . 
  but ownership rests with the land owner . 
  there are some additional protections for things like scheduled monuments , but they still remain property of the landowner ( although groups like english heritage can end up buying the land if the owner decides to sell ) . 
  it is incredibly unlikely that it 'd be repossessed or that there would be a compulsory sale of the land though , lots of ancient sites and archaeologically important sites are in private hands in the uk , there are lots of them . 
  if you ever want to go and look at some of them it can get quite interesting , you end up going to look at a load of ancient standing stones , or neolithic sites in some random farmers field . 
  even big stuff , like castles dating back to the 11th century , or thinks like the roman remains , ruins and bath houses are often in private ownership . 
  when it comes to treasure , so hordes of coins , jewellery , ancient objects or similar stuff the treasure act comes into play . 
  again , ownership by default is with the landowner unless there is a separate agreement in place , but even there the obligation is to report the find to the local coroner and offer the items for sale to a museum or similar . . basically the coroner will hold an inquest to determine whether the find constitutes treasure or not , and if it is the owner has to offer the item for sale to a museum at a price set by an independent board of antiquities experts . 
  if a museum wants the items then they are sold , if not there is no further obligation , so it 's not like they just take stuff away . 
  given how much historically relevant stuff is around in the uk , and how much of it has always been privately owned , it sort of makes sense , if it did n't you could probably repossess half the country on the grounds that it is contains culturally or historically significant elements . . 
   understandible , here we just build around it . 
  that 's broadly what happens in the uk too , but given the sheer amount of housing that exists , vs the rate of building , you still end up with an imbalance . 
  oh and obviously the further out of a centre you live , the more reliant you are on public transport or a car , and the prices go up if the houses are nice and so on . 
  it 's done , it 's just slow . 
   advantage of these larger free standing homes is that there 's all sort of things in between , gardens are usually neat colorful , packed with trees , bushes and plants , the municipality keeps everything else in neat shape , there 's parcs , canals and lakes in between . 
  again , that 's not that different from larger estates in the uk , it 's just that they are n't really building lots of them at the moment . 
  part of that is because of the uk 's ` right to buy ' , part of it is about the consistency and scale of building . 
  that said , lots of uk cities are pretty dense and then have belts of green space and public access space around them , parks and such are the norm too so it 's not like there is n't green/recreational space . 
   i feel like an industrial revolution labourer if i ever had to move to such a sad neighbourhood of square packed stonework . 
  well , given it is housing that was built to support the industrial boom , you would n't be far off . 
  it 's quite interesting how different the character of cities is around europe , i quite like uk cities , and find german and dutch suburbia pretty soul destroying , although even that depends on where you are . . 
  the germans do a pretty good job with their city centres though ( the uk seems to be catching up , but only over the last few years ... ) . 
  and then you have cities like berlin , london and paris that are n't really comparable at all . 
  i 'd happily live in any one of those , although i 'd probably like somewhere to escape to from them on occasion too ... 
  that kind of housing exists , it 's just very , very expensive anywhere where you might want to live . 
  i suppose half the problem in the uk is that the housing stock just about works , you ca n't easily pull down terraces without removing all of them , and when you do you need to move the people living in them into new housing ( which has a considerably larger footprint . . ) . 
  plus , the houses may be small , they may not be new , but they are generally modernised and it 's not bad housing , it 's just small . 
  there are a huge number of people on the left who dislike the eu , but think it can be used to reign in conservative governments , that it actually is both the source and the guarantor of workers rights in the uk and so on . 
  they are quite happy with the idea that the eu , democratically or not , might protect the eu , and that 's incredibly problematic because of just how distorted it is ... what should be more alarming rally is that those on the left in the uk who support the eu , much like those on the right , do so on the basis that it can be reformed into something more palatable , and that we can do that from within , but not from outside . 
  unfortunately they seem to miss the minor point that they want to see reform that is diametrically opposed to the reform that their right wing allies on this cause want to see . 
  so , they either are n't going to get it , or they are going to get reform that they very much do n't like ... 
  so no , not evil elitists who hate democracy , but people who are acting in the best intentions , but if they succeed are likely to end up with something very different from what they hope for . 
   large for in central london maybe . 
  large for almost any city , especially outside of the wealthier areas . 
  a huge amount of the uk 's housing stock is old , between the 60 's style council houses and the turn of the century terraces you have lots of dense housing on the two-up two-down model ( and 20 % of new builds are still terraced ... ) . 
  the part of leeds where i am at the moment ( including this house . . ) is mostly redbrick , back to back terraces . 
  they are small , even more so as internal bathrooms have been retrofitted in , although there are a lot of people throwing on kitchen extensions with the bathrooms above so that they still have two decent sized rooms upstairs , plus an attic conversion . 
  oh and when it comes to house building , even with the recent pick up of building again , the uk is barely managing 200k houses a year , including conversions of existing stock . . 
  the requirements now for slightly larger houses will make a difference , but it 'll take a very long time ( many decades at the current rate . . ) for that to be even close to the norm . 
  and those are pretty nice house , and look reasonably large ... 
   had to check source for any signs of fringenessness or plain lunacy , you know how it is these days it 's the adam smith institute , it 's a pretty well known right with think tank and whilst they are very much pushing one particular view on the economy ( one that i do n't tend to agree with , but hey . . ) their work tends to be well researched and this , as it relates to interconnected regulation is hardly fringe or lunatic ... 
  whilst you are right , eu funding is a tiny fraction of the infrastructure spending in the rest of the country . 
  take something like the west coast marline improvements , that was a set of multi-billion pound infrastructure projects , the eu promoted the fact that it part funded the work , yet the eu contribution was # 66 million . 
  getting the money back is great , but given the conditions attached , the minor issue of the majority funding having to come from in country anyway and the issue of where and how money is spent ( there are too many vanity projects being funded with eu money , possibly on the basis that it looks like free money , rather than taxpayers money ... ) it 's a bit hard to suggest that eu funding tips the scale where westminster is failing to fund . 
  the uk does need to shift its spending priorities , but that 's a national issue , given we need to look at billions of pounds worth of investment , any eu funding simply ca n't scratch the surface ( the money is n't there ) . 
  to be fair , daesh is n't an existential threat for the rest of us either . 
  militarily russia is more of a threat by virtue of being a nation state possessing nuclear weapons and having conflicting interests . 
  that said the immediacy and perceived scale of the threat from russia certainly diminishes as you move away from the countries that border it in europe . . 
  we are talking about millions of people , across decades of movements , to many european countries ... 
  huge is a fair description . 
  as to your penis , i 'm sure it 's glorious . 
   it 's not very hard to guess the outcome of the referendum . 
  a lot can change in around 70 days . 
  the number of people who want out has increased significantly , and there are a lot of people undecided . . 
  i mostly agree , in is the formal government position so hey , what can you do . 
  we do have to acknowledge that the government is acting in a way that is going to annoy a lot of people though , and frankly , the reason the uk is quite so divided over the eu now , and the reason for the pressure to leave is precisely because people do n't think they have a say , they do think things are stacked in one way and so on . 
  this only emphasises that more . 
  whether that is enough to sway people toward leave is a different question , but at the same time , it 's perfectly valid to point out that this is government chicanery aimed at promoting one side in the referendum campaign . 
  with a bit of luck maybe it can do enough damage to the current government that we get out of the eu and end up with a non-tory majority government . 
   the eu wo n't let us have free movement of services . 
  this is a big part of it really . 
  germany benefits massively from movements of goods , france benefits massively from the protection of agriculture ( the claim currently is that eu tarrifs push up food prices by about 17 % in the bloc . . but i ca n't confirm that so ymmv ) the uks service economy sees some benefits , but the agreements are in place for the uk to really take advantage , and likely wont ever be . . 
   i take it the author lives north of the watford gap . 
  and apparently in the past ... 
   in a democracy the best arguments wins . 
  no , the argument that gets more people to vote for it wins , that is n't synonymous with best . 
  democracy is important , but most countries do n't have direct democracy and almost all have protections in place to prevent a majority abusing a minority . . 
   i see no evidence that you can integrate a large number of poor muslim migrants into a european society at all . 
  the issue there is that it has n't really been done in this fashion or on this scale before , and frankly , no-one even seems keen on making a statement as to what the status of the refugees currently arriving in the eu will be once syria is stabilised ( never mind those coming from other countries . . ) . 
  i 'd argue that given enough time they will integrate as well as any other migrant wave has , but the intervening period is going to be interesting ( more or less depending on the country in question ... ) . 
  you ca n't compare germany with the uk for example , the uk is taking on numbers of syrian refugees that are well within the size of previous populations that have integrated well . 
  germany on the other hand has taken rather a lot more ... again though , the idea that fundamentally integration is impossible is probably false , the questions really need to be about what that integration is supposed to look like , whether it is with a view of permanent settlement , and how it will impact on germany ( the waves of migration from all around the world have had a significant impact on uk culture and communities over the centuries after all !, 
   that is a very small number and just supports what i wrote . 
  you can integrate everybody if the numbers are small enough . 
  i do n't disagree with you , my issue was with the notion that it was simply not possible to integrate poor muslims at all . 
  the quote from your comment was :  i see no evidence that you can integrate poor muslim migrants into a european society at all that 's simply not true , the conditions under which migration occurs and the scale of that migration are serious factors . 
   but using britain as a whole and looking at larger numbers you see this : indeed , and the underlying factors in that are absolutely around poor immigrants coming into the uk and remaining fairly disadvantaged relative to society as a whole . 
  although again , if you take the yemeni migrants , they came to work in the steel industry . 
  that industry has been decimated , the areas they live in were reliant on industry , coal mining and so on and are in a relatively poor economic state even now for everyone involved , and movement out of those areas is particularly hard ( largely because of the cost of housing and so on elsewhere . . ) . 
  but again , these are reasonably well integrated communities in the uk . 
  they are communities that speak english , are involved in their communities and politics and have similar aspirations for their children . . 
  see my reply to / u/bosgeus, 
  the uk has lots of them , i had a long discussion with a guy from yorkshire about yemeni steel workers who came to the uk in the 60 's , they faced serious amounts of discrimination ( much like every other group to be fair ) but they are very well integrated and very much settled in the uk and have adopted local cultures and norms as their own . 
  there are lots of groups like that . . 
  i suppose it 's possible that a combination of the scale of those migrations ( 10 's of thousands ) , the fact they all had purpose and where moving into communities that were closer and tighter than is the norm now as well as the amount of time they have been in the uk and elsewhere was simply more conducive to decent integration , but hey . 
   you can not force integration with money . 
  that part i 'd agree with , there needs to be some desire to integrate , spending money to support that does make sense though . 
   in fact , i see no evidence that you can integrate poor muslim migrants into a european society at all . 
  every european country with a sizable number of muslims has the same problems . 
  yeah you can , there are a huge number of well integrated muslim groups across europe that arrived at different periods of time and for a variety of different reasons . 
  i think people are expecting instant integration from new arrivals , which is probably a bit much to ask given the number of migrants . 
   that 's the big unknown though . 
  it is , but at the same time , if the approach now is integration into germany on the assumption that they ca n't return , then it will be incredibly disruptive if they are made to . 
  at the same time , if the assumption is that they are mostly going to remain , then that should be somewhat explicit now , because it is an issue that both national and local government as well as people and communities will want to take into account . . 
  i have to say i 'm intrigued by this as an approach . 
  having subsidised and/or mandatory language courses seems like it could deal with some of the issues with integration and having defined areas to live in would presumably aid in planning , and obviously work training would help migrants support themselves . 
  but given that this seems to be focused on refugees it is a little odd .
