  absolutely , but in terms of state cofe schools and religion , things are pretty much the same as they were in the 80 's and 90 's , about the only things that have changed is that the hymns are different ( and in my view worse , but what do i know . . ) . 
   times have changed . 
  deny it all you want , but if you do , you 'll be left behind in this conversation . 
  i have kids in a cofe primary and i 'm on the board of a cofe academy trust that currently runs what were up until last year four state primaries . 
  i 'm also not religious and went to a mix of state schools . 
  things have certainly changed in terms of schooling , but the approach to religion really does seem to be about the same , the odd bit of religiously inspired morality in assembly , muttered ` amens ' and vaguely religious songs ... 
  but rather than bemoaning peoples actual views and experiences , i 'd love to know what you think has actually changed so significantly . 
   mate , that was 25 years ago . 
   ignore what happened to us in the 90 's , things are different . 
  really different . 
  not in cofe state schools they are n't . . 
  absolutely right , but you have points within the normal upgrade cycles for departments where this becomes possible , training is required anyway and periodically should be refreshed ( and on upgrade ... ) and lastly , whilst this will be delivered by external companies , moving from ms gives them a lot more scope for competition in contracts and maintenance . . 
  yup , and if anything that is a pretty good indication of most local government and organisation ... 
  if you can make the time , you can have a massive amount of influence . 
  schengen is a small part of the whole plethora of eu related treaties , not all eu members are part of it ( and not all who are part of it are eu members ) i 'm not sure why you think the eu would be best of ended if you get rid of schengen . . 
   it does n't really make a difference though . 
  whether it is the uni itself or the su , the idiocy presents a pernicious and dangerous challenge to common sense and moderation which has an influence on a significant portion of the young and highly impressionable population . 
  it does make a difference , because radicalism and a lack of common sense is hardly something that is new to young people . 
  not to mention that the majority of young people do n't go to university , never mind involve themselves in this kind of insanity . . 
   makes you wonder how much of a good idea it is to let market forces decide in things like medicine . 
  it 's a market where there is a significant information imbalance , the customer needs to trust the provider , the customer can not generally choose the product ( because they ca n't choose not to be ill , or the type of illness ... ) or decide not to buy without negative consequences up to and including death . . 
  the whole healthcare sector is price inelastic and has a broadly captive customer base . . 
  in short , markets in medicine tend to be artificial and i 'm not sure that they generally provide additional value to the customer ... 
   student unions are a joke . 
  student unions are student unions , good ones can do useful things , but it depends a lot on the people and the amount of interest there actually is from students . 
  good universities often have good and capable students unions . 
   i dispute that , the vast majority of the time it 's radical left wing politics of the day . 
  a lot of it is , but i 'd argue that radicalism is the trend , the left wing element just seems to be the largest element . 
  you have a really quite broad group from republicans , anarchists , libertarians , transhumanists , pirates and anarchists , you certainly have a lot of sceptic groups around too at the moment ( and obviously all the old and current political ones ) . 
  most sus also are n't that radical in terms of their elected officers ( and they are n't elected on the basis of their radical positions ... ) but some are and the left happens to be somewhat well organised at that level ( and the greens and other social activists . . ) . 
   then why do universities advertise their student unions on all their literature and list them as a selling point for going to the university ? 
  they run cheap bars ? 
  they also advertise local shops and culture , theatres and so on . . 
  the sus are clearly associated with the universities , but there is a clear difference between the unions and the administrations . .  then the fact most unions are allowed to run official university accommodation which in some universities you are forced to live in during your first year . 
  is this common ? 
  i mean , i ask because i 've seen student unions offering assistance with accommodation , but running it seems a bit excessive care to share a link ? 
  and as to ` forcing ' students to live in student accommodation ? 
  that seems unlikely , these are n't children , i do n't think you can be forced to live anywhere , universities might prefer it but ...  do n't try giving me the bullshit that there is some kind of difference between a student union and university administration , they are two peas in the same pod . 
  two different peas ...  if you as an administration do n't like what your union is doing either actively distance yourself from the union and cut all ties , financial too , or be held responsible for it 's actions . 
  yes . . that 's not an overreaction on a part with some of the idiocy we 've seen here on your part at all . 
  people do realise that there is a difference between student unions and university administrations right ? 
  because that is pretty important , sus have always been radical and have always had attendant political societies of various stripes , ucl has a conservative students movement for example . 
  the article makes some interesting points and obviously we should n't be stifling speech , but to expect students unions ( as opposed to universities . . ) to be anything other than radical is a bit much . . 
  its the guardian , and so to be expected to a certain extent , but you 'd think the issue at hand would be what we can do to help refugees and reduce the flow of people from africa to elsewhere . . 
  i 'm not sure why that means cameron should show he ` cares for the eu ' ( which is an insane enough phrase anyway ) . 
  it 's bizarre how this is being framed . 
  anyway , i figured it adds commentary to the positions put out yesterday about the notion that cameron 's negotiation position and ` demands ' being lacking and pretty weak , to something rather different . 
   `` british values '' is a meaningless term . 
  fine call it british legal tradition , the development of our laws over hundreds of years , custom ... whatever you want . 
   british values are whatever the british people want them to be . 
  indeed they are . 
   as for innocent until proven guilty , that does n't apply as we 're not discussing criminal convictions . 
  we 're discussing deportation , which is an entirely separate matter . 
  well done , but i think i listed several things . 
  as opposed to leaving people to suffer and die ? 
  yeah . 
  frankly i think that 's the right approach , it fits with british values and the basis of british law and not something to be set aside just because the person it benefits is a right bastard . 
  innocent until proven guilty , everyone is equal under the law and we do n't torture or hand people over to people who do ... 
  i can live with that . 
  i think its a real shame that people feel that we should compromise on stuff like thus just because of militant islam or fundamentalism , we were here before them and we 'll be here when they are gone and i do n't feel like handing them any victories . 
   european countries do n't have to give them anything . 
  no , in the strictest sense they do n't , but we have agreed individually as countries to provide sanctuary . .  or even if they feel they do , they could give them the very barest minimum -- food , a tent , showering facilities , and basic medical care . 
  all we really have to do is keep them alive , nothing more . 
  and keep them far away from european cities so european citizens are not victims of migrant crime . 
  all of this would save eu taxpayers a tremendous amount of money . 
  indeed , i 'm not sure it 'd work terribly well and there is probably a point between what you are suggesting and what you seem to think people are demanding . . 
  but whether you are putting them in tents or in houses , you ca n't expect them not to complain or feel for what they have lost ...  but , europe is going way above and beyond that , not because they have to but because of the goodness of their hearts . 
  some countries are , some are n't ...  the refugees have no right to complain , because europe could be giving them far less , or nothing at all , and simply keeping them alive , ala the tent cities in jordan , is all we 're really obligated to do . 
  so yes , if they are getting decent housing and other amenities , they should be showing plenty of gratitude . 
  they have every right to complain and we have every right to ignore the complaints , but their complaining does n't make them any less of a refugee . 
   if someone was saving my life i would not complain . 
  and yet every group of refugees from wwii through to vietnam seems to have , maybe you are just very stoic , or , as the other poster here , simply lack any empathy . 
  do you really think if you were ripped out of your home , your community , your job if you lost your family , saw friends die , lost your assets and money and were dumped in a tent in some cold country whose language you could n't speak and whose food was strange to you that you would n't complain ? 
  i fucking would . 
   i did not : i called your comparison not valid . 
  that 's something else : you talk about people 1 ) out of a completely different time period , 2 ) with a different background , 3 ) that were on the run when this very continent was in deep trouble . 
  the comparison therefore is misleading , and a bit unfair to be honest . 
  we will not agree on this , thus lets just keep it for what it is . 
  in which case we are basically in a position where your view has to be accurate , and the reactions of actual refugees , from real conflicts is less valid ? 
  i really do n't get this reasoning , it 's that classic trait of denying something is true because it does n't fit your preconceptions . 
  something suddenly becomes inapplicable because it does n't fit the picture you have put together . 
  if you are n't willing to re-evaluate a position on the basis of a a set of facts , i 'm really not sure that there is any point in having a discussion . 
   not really : i however do share the opinion that a person that flees from war for example and finds shelter in safe country a , can not claim to be a refugee anymore when travelling to safe country b. 
  many people have left the safety of e.g. 
  turkey to enjoy the higher standards of living in europe , while in fact moving further away from their nation of origin !, 
  the very nation they ought to rebuild when the time comes . 
  right , and that is utterly irrelevant . 
  there are rather a lot of refugees in turkey and the countries surrounding syria who are n't happy with their conditions too . 
  but i get the impression you are trying to divert this away from your point on gratitude to one of who we define as refugees . 
  let me be explicit , i would n't expect a refugee brought directly from a war torn part of syria to the uk by an aid agency ( say medical evacuation ) to react badly to show nothing but gratitude , i would n't expect them not to complain and i would expect there to be significant differences for them to have complaints ...  maybe connected : over here the term ` refugee ' is almost universally being used to describe migrants as well . 
  it is a habit noticable in other european countries as well , therefore i did make the distinction again . 
  right , so lets stick to actual refugees rather than trying to build a story around what you think the problem is . 
  it does n't change the initial point . .  why do we have this duty ? 
  because we signed up for it in international treaties , and because we as societies have been doing it to one degree or another for a long time . 
  because when a group of people are being persecuted and abused it is the right thing to do and last time we did n't do it as well as we might , lots of europeans died quite horribly ... 
  i mean come on , you know what the history of it is and you know what the results are . 
  we do n't have to take all comers , we do n't have to keep people who are n't fleeing persecution and we do n't need to put refugees into 5 star hotels of provide them citizenship , but we do owe them shelter and food . 
   why ca n't we send monetary aid , personnel and other things these people need to the region , instead of harboring them here ? 
  why not both , once we have somewhere secure to return them to they should be returned , but for the same reason we evacuated people during the world wars and conflicts since is because the fighting causes population smoves . .  it becomes increasingly more difficult to send them back after a few years have passed , and past experienced have showed us that such people will not return in large numbers . 
  when we start to make them feel ` attached ' to german , dutch , french or whatever society out there in europe we are actually diminishing the chance of this actually happening .
