  the uk consistently punches above it 's own weight internationally and the eu seems to do the opposite , so we 'd be a small if influential part of a bloc that seems incapable of using its influence and whose interests only overlap with ours in some areas ... 
  it could absolutely go either way . 
   honestly this affected me in the other direction : a federal eu would not be unilaterally dominated by whatever country happens to have most clout at the moment ( germany right now ) since the leaders would answer to all europeans , not just the germans . 
  frankly that 's even scarier . . the eu is far from homogeneous , and people who think that suddenly , if the eu were a federal state , that it 'd all be peachy and liberal and lovely , and just do the good things that the nasty nation states are preventing are frankly deluding themselves . 
  the very groups people panic about in france and poland would be having a field day across the whole of the eu , we 'd all take a step down in capable governance at the eu level and we 'd see a concentration of powers at the eu level too ... 
  the eu members who whine about sovereignty ... 
  i do n't see that changing ( and why should it . . ) but that 's your issue then . 
   no , that has nothing to do with the eu . 
  it has to come from countries who signed a treaty and then ... 
  so that 'd be the eu then . 
  the eu is the member states , it is n't some magical separate thing . 
  if there is no unity , if countries fail to meet their obligations , if people have severe differences about what the eu should be etc. . that 's has everything to do with the eu . 
  it 'd be 20 % smaller in various measurable ways . 
   this for me underlines a huge issue in today 's europe . 
  we 're so preoccupied with humans rights and democracy that we 're totally unable to stop and curb forces that are trying to dismantle just those things . 
  so . . we should dismantle human rights and democracy first , before they do ? 
  i really do n't get this sentiment , yes sometimes respecting human rights and democracy means you ca n't jail everyone at a whim , or deal harshly with people who have n't broken the law , and it means you have to respect the legal process , but that is sort of the whole point . . 
  it does n't abolish freedom of movement of workers , it restricts access to in work benefits ... 
  lets not pretend that they are the same , or that there are n't similar restrictions in other eu states or indeed that there are n't other residency based restrictions in the uk . 
  the difference here is basically time scale and how the uk is looking to restrict access , it is also something that has been discussed in terms of ` abuses ' at the eu level for some time . . 
   the resurgence of reactionary , right-wing movements is in great part due to her careless statements to the refugees . 
  not really , that 's been going on for quite a long time , just most people have ridiculed and ignored growing support for groups on the right . 
  the problem has broadly been that they have n't been in the majority , not that they have n't had support . 
  there also seems to have been a lot of weird rationalisations in this area . . 
  i mean , we have gone from much of europe having left wing governments to many having right wing , conservative governments in the last 10 years or so , but that has been more down to the economic issues the eu has faced , it 's not some latent racism kicking up because of refugees . 
  the rise of the far right is something else , but members of the eu have been shifting right for some time . 
   when you look at the history of the world , and europe in particular , it 's hard to argue that any multi-ethnic empire can hold together for very long ( on a historical time scale ) . 
  when you look at the history of the world , you would find it hard to argue that empires last over a very long time , but they certainly do well in the short term , multi-ethnic or not . 
  the eu is n't an empire , and it certainly is n't crumbling due to issues of ethnicity . 
  sure , the refugee crisis is stressing the eu , but the problems are far , far more fundamental than that . 
  i 'd also not confuse the demand for independence from larger nations or even the eu with that of the impact of refugees , or an influx of migrants into the eu . 
  i do n't really think its valid , the issues there are about sovereignty and the ability to act in ones own interests . . 
   but you can claim these benefits as long as you are registered as looking for employment . 
  not all of them , one of the big ones would be working tax credit , which you can only get if you are working a certain number of hours . 
   is free-movement of labour only for the people that are rich enough , not to be able to need employment benefits ? 
  that basically seems to be the argument , essentially that you are free to come to the uk to work , have equal access to the labour market and so on , but are n't entitled to government support ... now personally i have major issues with the fact that we need tax credits in the uk , and i can faintly see the point about it being daft that the state would need to support migrant workers as opposed to employers doing so , but the argument on the basis of free movement of workers and removing barriers is probably the most compelling . 
  still , politically in the uk it is going to be an issue , and at least partially because there will be a blurring of in work and out of work benefits . . 
  i can never remember if the current feeling is that she is making war against , has already conquered or is using europe to make war against others ... 
  the broad push is in relation to in work benefits , so in both cases the people in question are working . 
  i 'm slightly intrigued by this , if you 'd have asked me a year ago i 'd have said that this kind of demand essentially amounts to a sop to a particular set of voters without really being a problem for the eu . 
  essentially an easy win . 
  yet now it seems that even this ( which i would regard as inconsequential , and hardly a core part of what the uk should be discussing with the eu , or part of how we should change our relationship with the eu ) is n't going to be possible without a lot of screaming and gnashing of teeth . . its sad really , the opportunity for real reform seems to have essentially passed now , the reforms on the table are incredibly weak and still likely to be missed . 
  it 's a somewhat bizarre way of putting it and i 'm honestly not sure that it 's bears any real relation to reality ( i mean possibly when it comes to is 's intentions , but is is hardly in a position to meet those aims ... ) . 
  the clash of ideologies thing is mostly propaganda , especially whey you try and turn it into a three way approach and ignore turkey , iraq etc. . 
   it 's not nearly as bad in the states for example . 
  yes . . 
  it is . 
  it 's also that bad in the uk and pretty much anywhere else you can think of . 
  it 's worse with smaller companies and it gets better once a company grows to the point of having a proper hiring process and hr/compliance staff but it still happens . . 
  the eu is already broken , and this sort of thing is mostly germany doing it 's thing ... 
   i find this a bit odd . 
  it is so far down my list of concerns ( when thinking about eu membership as a whole ) as to be entirely trivial . 
  who really cares about it ? 
  the one thing that comes up again and again in pretty much every election i ever worked on is the notion that people are coming into the uk from abroad and getting benefits right away ( dole , child benefit and tax credits seem to come up most often ) and never ` paying into the system ' . 
  if cameron can point to something and say , it 's all sorted , that 'll be a fairly major victory domestically , but it does precisely nothing to actually deal with the issues of uk eu membership . 
  i did some work on the ground in oldham and saddleworth in 2011 ( by-elections are fun ) and i think this issue ( plus a perception that migrants preferred to employ migrants ) was the biggest one , and whilst that was a fair few years ago now i do n't think it 's less valid . 
  i 'd add that that was probably also the least pleasant by-election i ever worked on too . . 
  it may not push people to vote , but it might push some people not to vote and obviously it 's tied quite heavily into the immigration debate . 
  i 'd add that it ; s also way down on my list of concerns around eu membership too ... 
  from the article :  why did he make the emotive but empty issue of abolishing working benefits for eu migrants the centre-piece of his renegotiation ? 
  because he thought he 'd get that , and it 'd be politically positive in the uk and potentially keep the uk in the eu ... 
  he ca n't exactly win on any of the more serious issues ( left and right ) that are driving euro-sceptic positions . 
  although largely i think that is based on very different ideas of what cooperation should be and what eu defence should look like . . 
   sure , but i 'd rather my abuser voluntarily imprisons himself than walks free and enjoys life . 
  that 's you i suppose , i 'd rather see a process completed . 
   the ecuadorians voluntarily chose this - they can kick him out at any time . 
  and people who put up his bail will now know better whom to support . 
  right , but still shitty for them , as you pointed out , it 's a shitty situation for assange too . 
  i 'm sure any benefit the ecuadorians were hoping for has come and gone ... 
  so far that looks pretty piss poor , and manages to raise more questions than it answers . 
  i get the feeling that any push to harmonise ip law within the eu is going to be an exercise in limiting rights across the eu for consumers rather than enabling a ` sharing economy ' . .  does n't look like the sky is falling . 
  it looks like someone is building a framework to swap the sky over to something else , stifle a bit of competition and help existing rights-holder groups to entrench themselves . 
  i 'd rather not see harmonisation and the eu should leave well alone , there is simply too much scope for them to fuck it up badly for everyone ... national parliaments are n't much better , but then at least i only have to worry about my one . 
   it 's shitty for assange and no one else it 's shitty for the people who put up his bail , for prosecutors in sweden , for the ecuadorian s ( you 'd assume ) ...  he has now voluntarily imprisoned himself . 
  indeed . .  and the longer he waits the shittier it gets . 
  because when he decides to leave the embassy and face the music - his current served time will not be deducted from his prison sentence if he 's found guilty . 
  absolutely and of course he has also managed to break the law in the uk now by hiding in the embassy so . . there 's that . 
   his victims also can feel that the justice has been served cause he 's currently is as good as in prison already . 
  i 'm not entirely sure they 'd agree , the whole day in court thing and actually having a verdict are generally pretty important . 
   i hope we do - unless ecuador decides to come to their senses and kick him out . 
  or assange decides he does n't want to spend his life in an embassy and decides to face the music ... 
  the current situation seems to be pretty much piss poor for everyone involved . 
  more than that , he burned the people who put up the bail assurances , so they ended up paying out . 
  he essentially waited until it looked like he 'd lose and then went and hid and blamed it all on the us and his support for whistle-blowing . 
   `` i just hope that in another 5 years we do n't look back on the 10 years assange has spent in an embassy . . '' - they will . 
  there are quite a few factors at play there though , not least what ecuador decides to do , the uk has already removed the very visible policing effort around the embassy too . 
   an interrogation has not been conducted to this day . 
  at least partially because he breached his bail conditions ( dumping a lot of supporters in the shit . . ) and is currently holed up in an embassy . . 
  the issues around assange ( wikileaks and so on ) seem a lot less relevant now than they did 5 years ago , lets face it , wikileaks has survived without assange and will continue to do so . 
  whistleblowers still face massive hurdles and personal threats , possibly more than before , but the focus has certainly shifted . 
  as to impact , the approach taken by edward snowden seems to arguably have changed the ground even further . 
  i 'd love to see some sort of resolution , but i do n't think there is any demand for it now ... 
  even the arguments made that this was all intended to essentially de-legitimise wikileaks have n't really gone anywhere , assange has lost almost all credibility , yet wikileaks mostly carries on as before . 
  i just hope that in another 5 years we do n't look back on the 10 years assange has spent in an embassy . . 
  we could , but with issues like this where it seems to come up again and again and again getting people mobilised early is key ... we 've seen this on a number of issues and it 's starting to get really quite wearing that when you deal with something like this at the national level ( where at least you can lobby effectively as an individual or small group ) that you then have to watch the same issue repeatedly get dumped in at the eu level ... 
  it 's only going to get worse with more and more lobbying being focused on meps and more and more of a push for the eu to regulate where they probably should n't ... infuriating really . 
   i 'm referring to a brexit ( based largely on the issue of immigration ) . 
  how would the uk withdrawing from the eu not be an issue for uk citizens living on the continent ? 
  it depends on where the uk ends up with in terms of negotiations , but the uk is n't going to expel eu citizens any more than eu members would expel uk citizens . 
  at the very least it would mean later migration was more difficult ( via whatever permanent visa schemes were put in place ) .
