  yes , that 's how fptp works and it 's democratic , it 's jut not pr . 
   if it doesnt represent the people , then you have a problem . 
  but it does represent the people , each mp represents the people in the constituency he is elected to in parliament , and received more votes than any other candidate to get into parliament . 
   parliament should be a fair representation of the people . 
  and there are lots of ways to achieve that , some are more proportional than others , some are intended to boost the participation of minoirity positions , some intended to introduce stability ( and give the majority a big boost ) . 
  some are designed to exclude people from being allowed to stand , others limit representation by having thresholds ...  you can make excuses as much as you want , i 'm making a point . 
   but if 34 % of the people can dictate what the other 66 % should do , that 's a flawed system . 
  that 's the theoretical possibility ... 
  but then if you take that theoretical possibility to a country that has thresholds for entry into parliament it gets absurd too . 
  or apply it to countries where you need significant support just to stand in elections , like spain . . 
  there is no perfect system and fptp is far from it , but it does do what it claims to do at the constituency level and in terms of parliamentary representation . 
   then go watch some cpgrey videos explaining why fptp is severely flawed . 
  i 'm very familiar with the pro 's and con 's of fptp . . my point is that it does a particular job very well , but it 's not useful if you want a proportional result . . my point is that a proportional result is n't the be all and end all ( which is why there are almost no strictly proportional systems out there , there are usually thresholds or significant barriers to entry in elections ) . 
  remember that in the uk , if you have # 500 you can go and stand as a candidate for parliament ... 
  i do n't think the system is flawed , i think it does what it is supposed to do ( that is to return local mps to represent a geographical region in parliament ) . 
  what that does n't do is provide proportional representation , it means that a broad , but shallow support base does n't get you seats in parliament ( 20 % support across the country means nothing if you ca n't get a majority in one area ) . 
  it means fringe parties or single issue parties have it much harder than in say germany of france to get into parliament . 
  essentially that means that change is slow and that for political change to occur it has to have fairly solid support across the uk , or deep support in one region or another . 
  the greens have had issues with this for decades , the lib dems will have issues with it for decades and ukip will too , the snp have shown how it allows them go represent a specific geographic need and constituency ... 
  it 's only flawed if you are looking for one specific outcome . . what i will say is that it works , the geographic link is actually really useful , but i 'd like to see something that made it a bit more proportional . 
   citizen have to be able to immigrate and live there just as easily as money can be transferred if you want a truly fair market . 
   which makes schengen necessary . 
  no , it makes free movement necessary , not schengen . 
  when you transfer money , it will be subject to checks ( money laundering etc. . ) , the equivalent would be a check of a passport when you travel to a different country . 
   weird from the outside , it seemed like it was your retarded fptp system that gave cameron a majority . 
  meh , the tories got the most votes in terms of the popular vote and if we had a proportional system the uk would likely have something like a tory/ukip coalition instead . 
  arguably the snp made out like bandits ( 1.5 m votes , 56 seats ) whilst ukip got battered ( 3.8 m votes , 1 seat ... ) but that is because we vote for mps on a geographic basis . . and i think the geographic link is important , maybe some sort of list system with it would help to improve proportionality but regardless of how you look at it at the moment , it 's pretty clear that labour failed pretty miserably to make the case in 2015 - we 'll have to do much , much better in the run up to 2020 . . 
   technically , yes . 
  in real life , of course not . 
  people overwhelmingly vote for party , not prime ministers , the swing might well vote on personality ( and that can make a big difference ) and that can be pushed onward by things like the tv debate , but i think it 's a massive oversimplification and i think it 's broadly inaccurate to put it down to the leaders ...  people in general vote in the general election for the person they want to be prime minister . 
  i would n't be at all surprised if your average voter did n't know who his local representative was \\ who they were voting for , it was a case of cameron or miliband . 
  right , but i bet they know which party they voted for ... 
   that 's technically how the system works , but i think we all know that in reality the vast majority of people vote either along party lines yeah , people tend to vote for the party they support , rather than on the basis of the candidate , but that is still about electing a government and not a pm ... sure , the party leader will have some impact on that but it 's generally the party not the leader that is key . . look at major as a good example of that , and possibly the blair-brown transition as an additional . . 
  i do n't think it 's accurate to say that prime ministers are the driver of voting intention ... 
  although i do think that things like the tv debates push stuff in that direction and i 'd rather see local debates ...  if we really want to have a system based on local representation then we should devolve more power . 
  but we do have a system based on local representation ... on top of that we have devolved assemblies where there is demand , and of course locally powerful councils ( and new models there with manchester ... ) . 
  i think its a bit absurd to suggest that the political system in the uk is basically something akin to some sort of political stockholm syndrome centred on the prime minister . . 
  i mean in the last election it was clearly about opposition parties not making the case anything like as effectively as they could have and should have , not some strange love of cameron . . 
  people in the uk do n't get to elect the prime minister , they elect their mp . 
  the prime minister will be the leader of the winning party in a general election and is n't directly elected . 
  the reason that you have multi-term prime ministers in the uk is n't so much complacency as it is that it takes a while , or a specific issue to shift the voting habits of lots of people in different parts of the country . 
  i get where you are going with term limits , but i do n't really see the need . . 
  the issue is n't who is pm after all , it is who is in government and how effective the opposition is . 
   but not in the uk . 
  but they can live out their extraordinary dreams in one of the 26 schengen countries . 
  the uk currently hosts 117,161 refugees , 36,383 asylum seekers ( awaiting a decision ) and 16 stateless people . 
  it gets at least 25,000 new asylum applications a year ... 
  the uk may not have taken the same position as germany on the current crisis , but to pretend that it the uk does n't provide aid to those that need it and come to the uk is false . . 
  it does n't look that complicated to put together , but really hard ( and expensive . . ) to defend against so i 'm not sure if having it makes any difference ... 
  just spent way too much time looking at the extreme points of ... stuff ( starting with [ euope ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extreme_points_of_europe ) ), 
  during the discussions about cameron 's proposals , a few people seemed curious as to how they might be received in the uk by conservatives and i made some comments on how they might be seen , so this seemed appropriate here . 
  obviously as someone who does n't identify as conservative ( or centre right . . ) it 's novel watching this go on , i think the proposals are weak and fall short of what is needed ( although probably in different areas to the more right wing . . ) but from some quarters on the pro-eu side you 'd think cameron was asking for the moon on a stick ... well , we will see where it goes , but i think the whole ` reformed eu ' element of the uk referendum may well be well on the way to dying . . 
  i would assume it 'll sway people one way or another , much like ttip will be seen as a positive and a negative ( probably more the latter ) . 
  appeals to different groups . 
  relevant bit : * `` let me separate the political decision from the business situation . 
  * * `` the political decision is clearly for the voters , it 's clearly a british citizens ' decision . 
  * * `` for our business , if you think about it , we are a digital business . 
  we have more than 50 % of our revenues and profits in europe . 
  we want a single digital market , and we want to be part of that single digital market . 
  * * `` so from our point of view for the business , it 's important that britain remains as part of the single european market because it 's good for our customers , it 's good for our shareholders , and it 's good for the company itself , that can be more competitive and have lower costs . 
  so , in that sense , yes , it is better if we remain in europe . 
   a lot of people i see here are saying this , and think the uk will be fine on it 's own , and i am sure it will be fine . 
  but the thing is , they would be leaving the largest economic bloc in the world . 
  in the long run , i am not so sure it is best for the uk to isolate itself from this . 
  the question would be what the uk wants , if it wants to be relevant , have an independent trade and foreign policy and so on , obviously the uk would n't be fine within the eu , as it would lose those things . 
  if we are talking purely economically , being in the bloc , might , in the long term be more beneficial ( it might not . . ) , so it is far from clear and depends on what people want for their country . .  what is the plan ? 
  the idea about moving toward commonwealth countries is pie in the sky . 
  yes it will work and be profitable , but it wo n't be getting the best out of the uk economy . 
  the plan would be to trade with the eu and anyone else who is interested and to remove as many trade barriers globally as possible i assume . 
  that has generally been the plan for a very long time . 
   if they are to move closer to the states , they risk becoming a junior partner in that kind of agreement , and actually could end up being something of a vassal . 
  they would also have very little , to no say at all . 
  possibly , but it seems unlikely given that other countries globally manage to trade fine without becoming vassal states . 
  that and obviously being a partner with one , or more leading economies as opposed to being subsumed into a bloc that aspires to be a nation is probably still going to have less of an impact on the uks ability to act ...  i just do n't see where they uk expect to take their trade . 
  they do n't have to ` take ' it anywhere , they will continue to trade with their current trading partners and will work to continue to open up new markets and reduce trade barriers . 
  the notion that we all have to form little exclusive blocs to counter each other is what seems a little odd ...  as it is now , they are a major partner in the largest economic bloc in the world . 
  are they really wanting to trade that in to be either a junior partner with the us/china ? 
  or a big fish in a small pond with the commonwealth ? 
  the uk does about half its trade outside of the eu at the moment , but it has a huge amount of trade with the eu too , they are n't ` trading ' that for anything , they are aiming for greater flexibility . 
  the uk would be changing the terms ( access to the single market , rather than membership of it . . ) and losing some privileges but in turn it would get more flexibility in its dealings globally . . people seem to assume that the uk is looking to , or would be cut off from eu markets , but that clearly is n't the case ( and that 'd be bad for the eu and uk . . ) . 
   the reality is , the uk ca n't exist as a strong economy as a global pariah ... how would it be a global pariah ? 
  it 'd be unaligned in terms of membership of an economic bloc , but it 's hardly an outcast , or isolating itself economically . .  even if they choose to continue to use the eu members as it 's main trading partnership , they have then basically removed themselves from the eu , only to trade with it , except now they have absolutely no say at all in the running of the eu . 
  this would be cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  no , that is the idea , its not that the uk would n't have any say in the eu ( as if the eu would be a separate thing ) but rather that the uk has more control over its own destiny and does n't need to be part of the great coming together that the eu project is pushing for . 
  the whole point is that the uk wants to be able to act outside of the eu and not be bound into the frameworks that the eu currently has . 
  the uk is happy to trade with the eu , it simply no longer wants the eu to be a major driving factor in its domestic political , social or economic policies . . 
  does that make it a little clearer ? 
  it is not cutting off our nose to spite your face , it is about having the relationship we want and the government/political system we want . . 
  absolutely . 
  although that may not help the intended campaign ... at least it 'll help people make a decision . . 
  that 's fine , if there is anything else i can clear up for you , do just ask . 
  we are very generous like that . 
   would leaving really be beneficial for the uk in the long run ? 
  i think so , but then it depends on your priorities ...  as the saying goes : `` do n't make a permanent decision on a temporary emotion . '', 
  happily it 's been a while and i do n't think the felling is temporary . . 
   are the conversative party and ukip not right wing ? 
  corbyn is as left as you can get and he does n't want to leave the eu . 
  corbyn really is n't as left as you can get but in either case , you have a significant number of left-wing eurosceptics out there ( major issues being corporatism , things like ttip and a whole load of other issues , including immigration these days too . . ) . 
  i 'd certainly put ukip on the right of the uk political spectrum , but they are also managing to pick up labour voters on the eu issue ... 
  the conservatives on are right wing , but then again they are usually seen as supportive of the eu project . .  the conservatives made a referendum part of their campaign , labour did n't .
