  the eu is n't supposed to be a suicide pact with members spurred on only by the fact that they have to show solidarity . . 
  i 'd assume that it 's relevant that kourou is almost on the equator which i understand is more efficient , so it may be a fuel/payload/cost trade-off that makes it more attractive . 
  but it 'd be interesting to hear from someone with more of an understanding . . 
   general elections are won in swing seats , and corbyn simply does n't have the appeal for it . 
  agreed . 
  there is n't exactly a lot of slack support for the politics he 's associated with ( look at the polling for the likes of tusc i suppose . . ) and between his history and the media he 'll hardly attract lots of middle of the road voters . 
   i am interested to see how much he can turn this around over the next few years , but i ca n't see it going well . 
  whoever is handling his media is doing a sterling job , but its not even close to being enough . . we 'll see , but the window for a change in leadership is pretty narrow too so . . we need an effective opposition and a real challenge for the next ge , and i 'm worried we are n't going to see it . 
  i think quite a few people would disagree . 
  but then there are enough different positions on this that it almost does n't matter . 
  lots of people want a fairer eu but few can agree on how to get there . . 
   it would be a fundamental change . 
  and then all bets are off what the new treaties are going to look like . 
  and whether they 'd even get assent from the countries that will require referendums on them ... 
  it does n't help that even in the context of the uk there are many fundamentally contradictory positions on what the eu/uk relationship should look like and indeed what the eu should look like . 
  at that point it really does start to feel that change ( regardless of what it is . . ) is neigh on impossible under the current set up . 
  it depends on what you mean by europe really . 
  i do n't think most brits want a federal eu , but i we are n't isolationist either , well , most of us . 
  we 'll see what it looks like as it gets closer , and leaders can change , although there may need to be some administrative changes too . 
  to be clear some of the criticism of corbyn is overblown , but at the same time i do n't feel his priorities are the same as mine , and importantly , i do think he harms labours electability , regardless of how good individual mps are . 
  still holding out hope for 2020 , although i think it 's going to take some work too . . 
   the main problem of all eu critics is , that most of them are not willing to reform the union , but just dissolve it as soon as they do n't agree with it anymore . 
  that 's not really true , the issue is that the uk government has , for a very long time , not wanted to push reform , and at the eu level it seems almost impossible . 
  there seems to be an assumption that using words like change and reform ( without actually having any ) should be enough to placate people , turns out it is n't and there is a limit . 
  even the eu does n't call itself a government , it does n't meet the definition and frankly no amount of whining that it should be , or maybe looks or could act like one will change that . 
   but if nothing changes i 'll vote no due to the unwillingness to negotiate . 
  if you look at polling , there is a significant proportion of the population who want to see the uk remain as part of a reformed eu ( without specifics of what that reform is . . ) and i think you hit the nail on the head for quite a few people who fall into that group . 
  i 'll be voting no unless there is a solid indication that significant change is possible , but frankly , the current negotiations , and proposed changes are n't really that significant and i think actual treaty change , given the requirement for popular assent in a number of eu states is neigh on impossible . 
  and that 's before we get into the direction of travel and the types of reforms ... its a shame really , the eu has potential as a bloc , it just seems set on a course that i ca n't support and feel that i also ca n't really influence at any level any more . . 
   the conservatives do n't openly support this , i do n't know why you think so , because conservative party policy says so , and because that is the position of the government ... 
  i mean , if the conservatives really wanted to leave the eu , they do n't need to carry out a referendum , they could just pass an act of parliament ( they have a majority after all ... ) but they ca n't , because they do n't have anything like the support they 'd need even within the conservative party , even if they brought in the labour anti-eu elements and everyone else opposed ...  the conservatives are in ecr in the ep not even a bit pro-european . 
  right , and most people in the uk do n't know that and could n't tell you who the ecr are anyway , it has no relevance whatsoever on uk domestic politics . 
  i mean turnout for the european parliament election was 35 % ...  what i try to point out is that you should n't be surprised when brexit does succeed , that even in politics enough voices can be found support a brexit . . 
  i 'd rather hope so , i 'm pushing for an exit , i want to see the uk out of the eu ...  i can see it happening , but cameron has to have a good alternative , a plan and as long as he does not present this for example i can understand your doubts . 
  you are ukip supporter or ?? 
  no i 'm not a ukip supporter , quite the opposite , i 'm a labour supporter ... cameron is pushing to say that ` we have negotiated change ' in the hope that that will push support for the uk to stain in the eu . 
   you have quite a positive view of the british government in this matter , i really doubt it looking at how aggressive they were during the campaign , and for any massive pro-vote movement in scotland there is a massive anti-vote movement in the rest of the uk or at least england . 
  i have a positive view of the accountability of that government , remember that whilst there was significant campaigning on both sides , no-one said the referendum should n't happen or that the view of scottish voters should be ignored . 
  lets also not pretend that this was a scotland vs the uk thing , there was as much support for the union ( more as it turned out . . ) in scotland as there was for independence . 
  but the political reality is that a uk government simply ca n't ignore public opinion or deny scots the right to self-determination out of hand ...  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/scottish-independence/scottish-independence-poll-shows-that-more-scots-would-vote-yes-than-at-last-years-referendum-10274406.html so in a few years the only age group against will be smaller to say it like this . 
  that was in may . 
  there have been 19 + polls since the referendum and in september of this year it was at parity with the referendum with a slight downward trend ...  so in a few years the only age group against will be smaller to say it like this . 
  in a few years , the situation on the ground will likely have changed , as will voting intentions . 
  some of the younger voters will have switched their views toward the status quo too . 
  but at the end of the day , we ca n't really predict this beyond the polling ... 
  if there were a vote right now , the polls suggest scotland would remain in the uk ...  do you know how long it took before this referendum was accepted by the british government ? 
  why would it be any shorter now , even with a massive call for it , while the british government wanted to settle it for once and all or at least a very long period ? 
  they did , but if there was pressure again , the uk government would likely set the train in motion . 
  i would assume it would be in the next parliament at the earliest , so you 'd be talking 4-5 years to the referendum , 3-4 to the campaigning . .  the uk respects the desires of the scots as long as they stay in the uk . 
  the uk respects the views of uk citizens , that 's what the scots would be up until they leave ...  but anyways i dont think the british government is the prime example of a government who really cares about its citizens in the first places . 
  you do n't ? 
  do you mean the current party in power or the institutions , because they are very different things ... 
  i do n't like the current lot much , i do n't like their policies in lots of areas , but i do think that generally their own ( misplaced ) beliefs of how they can help the most people is driving them . .  i do n't doubt this , but this political party remains a party with a very specific goal , something clearly stated by its representatives and during campaigns . 
  there can be no confusion that a vote for the snp does mean a vote for the way to independence . 
  a vote for the snp is a vote for the snp ... its really clear that it is n't a vote for independence for all their voters . 
  that should be obvious after both the referendum and the last general election . .  the idea about independence is that the former ` overlord ' , in this case the spanish government , ca n't make decisions for them . 
  spain can refuse a referendum , can point to the spanish constitution , but ofc in the end that does not have to matter . 
  international law on self-determination or forming a country does not say that both parties have to agree on this it is not a necessary condition . 
  absolutely ... 
  independence is n't something that has to be granted . 
  but that does make it much easier . 
  hence why the political process in the uk for scotland is functional and in spain it does n't seem to be . .  during the scottish referendum many catalonian activists were campaigning for the yes vote . 
  the catalonian party or parties learned a lot from the snp and the whole idea . 
  as a result they were better organized and tried to prevent to make the same mistakes . 
  in the situation it does become a success , and other regions follow as well , it can inspire [ and activists around europe can help ] scots to try again and receive a new referendum . 
  absolutely , but again , it comes down to what scots want . 
   i also do n't say that all snp-votes would vote yes if there would be a referendum right now . 
  but it does not undermine the sentiment , even the no-voters are not that staunchly voting no that they would not vote the snp , it does say something about the strength , or weakness , of the no-vote in this case and ofc the polls that measure the sentiment about independence are important in this case . 
  it shows that the snp are a viable left wing political option in scotland and for scots in the uk . 
  their policies and positions are preferred over those of the other left wing party ( that 'd be labour ) . 
  so you can vote for the snp for their policies on health , education , devolution and so on without supporting independence quite happily . .  in the next 5 years a referendum , ofc i agree with you i doubt it , but i also do n't think it is highly unlikely , it can happen , it would not be weird . 
  and if it happens i doubt it will happen with the support of the british government . 
  i do n't think scotland or the snp would run a referendum without support and i do n't think the uk would deny it . 
  it would de-legitimise the whole thing on both sides and there is frankly no need for that . 
   a brexit could speed up a referendum but it would make the british government , under the leadership of cameron , even more unlikely to support this . 
  a brexit might speed it up , it might not . 
  we 'll see when those votes are tallied and what the reaction is . 
  but thats going to be 2017 , so any new indyref will be under a different government ( potentially without cameron . . ) anyway . 
   but in short , what i think is that the scottish referendum set something in motion that will eventually lead to the independence of scotland among others , it is the important beginning of something way bigger interesting . 
  if you look at the record of scottish voters on these issues since the referendum in 1979 you will see that devolution is the preferred option for many , with support for independence varying quite a bit . 
  i think scotland will continue to see more powers devolved to it ( and actually , i can see that happening regionally in the uk more generally ) but i do n't think we are on a trajectory that guarantees scottish independence and i 'd also say that things like oil prices , who is in power in westminster , issues like the eu will play more of a role ... 
  but frankly at present and i think for the foreseeable future , the notion that scotland is better in will remain , however marginally , the most common view . 
  but if that does change , the one thing i am certain of is that the uk government will honour scotland 's wishes . . because that is the right thing to do , the only thing a government can do . 
   the fact that parties are in the european parliament , have representatives or try to cooperate with the eu does not necessarily make them eu , and the conservative party is totally split on this whole matter i do n't where you get it from that they are all so blindly pro-european . 
  the fact that they support continued membership of the eu as a matter of policy is what makes them pro-eu . 
  all the major uk parties do that , ukip is the largest that does n't ...  but labour looks more pro , and maybe they are , but it was their leader corbyn who advocated to leave the eu , he changed this statement because it was required of him as party leader but do n't fool yourself in thinking that all these parties or all their representatives are staunchly pro-european . 
  i do n't think all the representatives are staunchly pro-european , but the parties themselves are as a matter of policy , and cameron has been ... 
  the picture you are painting of the uk in terms of the eu is pretty much absurd at this point , labour were against having a referendum , the tories only conceded under pressure , the lib dems and greens massively oppose the idea and the snp is broadly pro-eu too . 
  opposition comes from the back benches and does split across all the parties , but it is in the minority ...  we will see . 
  we will , and frankly , as someone who 'd rather see the uk leave the eu , i 'd be rather pissed off if he led the campaign for an exit , but would be quite pleased if he supported it . 
  i just ca n't see it happening as things stand . 
   if the scottish people demand a referendum in the next year the british government probably wo n't give it to them . 
  handily , there is no chance that that will happen , even according to the snp , but if there was suddenly a massive upswell , the uk government would n't rally have much choice . 
   they think to have settled this matter for the next decades to come . 
  because it probably is ...  but this is not what the snp is aiming for and already many scots regret that they voted no , where are you getting that from ? 
  if you look at the polling in the last year , it is broadly the same , there have been a few polls that put more votes to the pro-independence side ( although not enough for a yes vote ) and a few that go the other way ...  if on the short term the scots want to vote i expect a spanish kind of situation wherein scotland just makes its own referendum or links it to another election . 
  every election is taken as a view on that because of the nationalist parties , but if scotland wants a referendum they can get one , it 'd take some time to set up much like the last one and there would have to be a change to justify it ( leaving the eu might be that justification if there is an exit , but that is far from guaranteed . ), 
  but they 'd get one . 
  i 'd probably also add that a change in government in the interim , or continued opposition to eu membership actually weighs against more positive votes for scottish independence ... 
  but at the end of the day it is a matter for the scots , unlike spain , the uk has and will continue to respect the desires of people in scotland . .  i do n't know where you get it from that the peak of pro-independence was around the referendum , it is just not true , we already experience a new peak , the snp is doing better then ever before , researches and polls claim that scots regret their no vote , it did not stop with the referendum , on the contrary .
