  any chance you could point me towards the song ? 
   hearing countries like greece and the uk saying `` we are better off without the eu '' is a bad sign and a step backwards for our society . 
  it 's a sign that the eu is n't seen as a positive thing for those countries , that should be taken in two ways , one as an indicator of problems with the eu and two that there are different needs for some member states that are n't met by the eu . 
  it does n't necessarily mean a step backwards though , not for the eu or those leaving . 
  the eu is n't the be all and end all , and it is n't exactly the greatest driver of positive societal change either !, 
  yeah , it is . 
  but the eu is n't supposed to be a suicide pact , and it is n't supposed to be some countries bullying weaker ones because they control all the levers ... lets face it , looking at greece over the last few years , do you really think it builds confidence in the eu ? 
  as to leaving , any eu member could take the same approach . 
  there are lots of reasons to look at the eu with concern at the moment , and if asked whether one wants to remain part of an project , the notion as to whether the concerns you have will be addressed , and whether the project is the kind of thing you want to be part of is pretty important . . 
   why on earth should the rest of us bend over backwards to placate internal british issues ? 
  i assume you would n't , beyond the desire to keep the uk in the eu of course , there really is n't any good reason to . 
  after all , your politicians and elected representatives are accountable to you . 
   if you dont want to be a member then leave . 
  that 's what quite a few of us are advocating for . 
  remember that cameron would like to see the uk remain part of the eu , this negotiation is n't being carried through under the threat of leaving ( the referendum happens anyway ) it is about him being able to claim victory so that he can persuade people to remain in the eu . .  if you want to change the eu then vote meps accordingly and negotiate through the council . 
  indeed , that would seem to be the relevant process . 
  the problem for the pro-eu position in the uk is that they have been promising membership of a reformed eu , and have been unable to get those reforms ( and indeed when the uk has compromised in the past in order to get reforms , there have been issues with those reforms stalling ) . 
  so in terms of time frame and credibility , it simply is n't there , which again , is less advantageous for the remain campaign . 
   slow , yes ; the alternative is a federation . 
  if there is one thing that would guarantee the uk leaving the eu , it would be a drive toward federation !, 
   infact i would argue it is incredibly important for the future of the eu that the uk was able to negotiate so little . 
  if this `` make it exavtly like we want it to be or we leave '' was a recipe for success the eu would fall apart in no time . 
  absolutely , that was broadly my point . 
  an eu that would allow this to go through as it is , is just as much an eu we should n't want to be part of as an eu that prevents these changes from happening . 
  but again , at the core of this is that the negotiation is as much for british public consumption as it is about change . .  as far as i know this non legally binding thing relates to the degree to which the european parliament must be consulted . 
  no one can offer a guarantee that they will approve whatever the council comes up with . 
  quite rightly so . 
  not necessarily in all areas , some of it would require treaty changes , some just other members , but yes , some of it comes down to the ep too , and no-one could , nor should they be able to demand that the ep does something in a particular way ... 
   i said european countries have a lot to gain united , because they would have more global expression . 
  which would make them less vulnerable . 
  and my point is that i do n't think it matters to anything like the degree people suggest it does . 
  if it did , the eu would n't exist ( because the large economies would simply have dominated the larger ones , and new members would be asset stripped by default ... ) . 
  essentially the argument that to have any say or the ability to operate international with larger economies is undercut by the existence of the eu as a collection of large and small economies acting in mutual support . 
   i have n't said eu has to be bigger than everyone else . 
  no , but that 's the implication . 
  if the eu is smaller , then surely that means the larger blocs will have more of an edge , at least on the basis that smaller economies have less clout than larger ones - unless you think there is a particular cut off ( which is probably somewhat correct ! ), 
  in which case , eu membership is more valuable for smaller countries than larger ones and surely they 'd gain from being part of smaller blocs that are more equal , rather than being subsumed into a much larger one . 
   it could work like this : any new competences would have to be passed by a 2/3 ( or more ) majority , represent at least 2/3 ( or more ) of the eu 's population . 
  coupled with european referenda on giving up really vital areas ( outlined in the constitution ) . 
  i suppose the problem there is that 1/3 of the population is still rather massive . 
  it grants the ability to override entire current member states , which consequently means it could override a single ethnic or national minority ( within the eu . . ) that is a majority in a particular state . 
  you could essentially take competencies from countries or even blocs of countries wihtout their consent ( the entire v4 group as a bloc would n't be enough to make up a 1/3 minority . . ) . 
  this is broadly the issue i have with the eu and subsidiarity . 
  you can destroy it in the name of democracy without batting an eyelid . 
  if you want real subsidiary i suppose shifting voting and policy applicability down ( to region or below even . . ) might make more sense , but then you fracture everything even further . 
  essentially the eu is too large and too unaligned not to have very large minority positions , that are hard to represent without creating a real monster ...  this builds a system where strong member states would keep in check the flow of new powers towards the federal government , even if the federal government is rather strong in those already given to it . 
  the typical `` it falls under state authority unless mentioned otherwise '' applies as well . 
  i suppose pointing at the us at this point would be a bit unfair , but it 's broadly comparable . 
  with one major difference of course , there is more independence and autonomy at the local level in the us than there is in many eu states , there is more devolution of various policies and services in the us - often with a loss of efficiency . 
  so you 'd end up with an odd dichotomy where an eu as you describe could well be even less suited to protecting ` states rights ' from federal intervention . 
   naturally , this assumes that this is the only way to get new powers . 
  no back-door executive orders , for example . 
  i would also expect a lot of legal action taking place regarding the exact interpretation of federal powers , but that 's the point , really . 
  i 'd be more worried about using existing competencies to act in ways that were n't initially expected ( cross border regulation of trade becoming something akin to the us interstate commerce clause . ) . 
  and yes , then you have issues with emergency powers , judicial actions and so on . .  i understand the concerns . 
  when i argue for this , i also put in the following safeguards : on eu territory , an eu military can not be commanded to use force against civilians and can use force within the eu only against a hostile foreign military . 
  see this is an interesting one too . 
  the military would necessarily be loyal to the eu , not the fading states , then we have very different traditions in eu member states surrounding military use - spain , the uk , france etc. . all have a very non-us approach to ` aid to the civil power ' . 
  something like the paris attacks could absolutely blow this notion up entirely , if it were even included in any eu framework put together by countries that utterly lack this condition . 
  i grant that the ee states have some pretty strong history to support such a position , but then they probably also look at the likes of ukraine and wonder if that would mean they 'd be defenceless in the face of separatists or ` little green men ' ...  furthermore , member states can keep their own military , and the eu can not be part of a military alliance unless it is agreed upon unanonimously by all member states . 
  well , that sort of kills it does n't it . 
  you 'd then have two states that are nuclear powers and have armed forces that are likely to be larger and more capable than what the eu itself could put together . 
  it would mean no real common military policy , no real cost savings , no capability gain for anyone . 
  as to alliances , would that mean current nato members would have to leave , or simply that the eu as a state would n't be part of nato , but members would be ... ? 
  and obviously lets not get into the status of things like sovereign base areas and overseas protectorates or dependencies . .  of course one would still have to hope that the european parliament never gets to a point where wars can be declared easily , but i think europe 's plurality and a true representation of this in our institutions will work wonders to prevent any `` clear majority '' for fantastical military adventures . 
  i think it 'd also prevent any clear majority to deal with real threats too . 
  the value in having a system where military force can be used first , then debated and confirmed , is that it means that there can be a robust defence against a threat . 
  and lets be clear , the eu will suddenly become responsible for a whole lot of areas where there is a distinct threat . 
  moreover , if members maintain their own forces too , the eu could get embroiled in a conflict without any federal intervention at all ... all in , you end up trying to balance accountability with capability and lose credibility and decision making . 
   regarding foreign policy , i again put my hopes in the european parliament and the second chamber ( probably the council ) to be strong enough to mandate good policy . 
  i do n't . 
  but would agree that could change . 
   i do think both are necessary if you want to have a functioning federal government , because one of its prime tasks would be to deter any foreign intrusion into european affairs . 
  to do so , you need both hard defensive power and soft power . 
  the primary role of the state , even if you strip all others is the defence of the people/country it is responsible for . 
  without that it really is n't a state . 
  and to be clear , that does n't have to be achieved by military power , policy can work just as well , or at least has for some . 
  but again , you come down to the two strands of a much larger democracy using soft power , backed by hard power in the defence and likely , in the promotion of its interests . 
  that is bad enough at the national level in terms of accountability and control . 
  do you really think it 'd be better at an eu level , or indeed that having an eu that is capable of it would promote stability rather than the kind of bloc mentality that has declined since the fall of the ussr ? 
  honestly i do n't know , but i know that would feel threatened as a citizen of the eu , not to mention extremely concerned about unleashing such a beast on the world . 
  i 'm sure that in your context , some would see this as the birth of an empire , it 's actions abroad as colonial . 
  lets be very clear , that will achieve a response , one in both political terms and by force of arms . 
  to put it another way , i can see the vision of a federal europe with military and foreign policy competencies being met with ( and believe me i find it odd to be using this phrase given my history . . ) a variant on the armalite and ballot box strategy . 
  and then it gets interesting does n't it . 
  do you deploy troops , as every country has in the past when faced with armed separatism ? 
  do you use forces from a different member state , because that 's safer than using local forces ... do your intelligence services ( the ones you need to support your military and foreign policy objectives ) target eu citizens themselves , or do you share information with the us so as to get access to data you do n't want to collect directly . . 
  essentially you have all the problems a nation state has , but across 800 million people , and a far more diverse group of people than the us has to deal with . . just as a final note , i did n't quite set out to intend to argue quite so negatively - largely because it 's easy to do with what if 's , but i really do think that a federal europe would effectively be an existential threat without a very different level of democratic support , majority support , in all member states . 
  the second prong to that concern is that i think that kind of support simply is n't possible or likely in our lifetimes across all member states and so the pursuit of a federal eu may well lead to some pushing for compromises that water down positions that might not even start as well intentioned as yours ... 
  seriously - was n't intending to go quite that negative !, 
  the solution is to do little and think less !, 
  probably . . 
   no masters , no slaves - i think we both agree to that . 
  i 'd hope so . 
   an oppressive central government or corporatism is still subjugation . 
  that some people advocate for a central government `` just because '' goes against the principle of subsidiarity as the current eu has it , and in that case it is indeed a power grap for the sake of having power . 
  that never did end well in the past . 
  indeed . 
  the shape of government is more important than anything else when it comes to self-determination , the individuals role in that government and the ability to hold it to account is key . 
  as to subsidiarity , i really like the idea , but am yet to find anything that applies it sensibly , nor anything where subsidiarity is n't constantly under pressure from , and generally losing to centralisation .
