   my guess is that compared to , say , the ussr , counterintelligence efforts on the part of islamic radicals are n't going to be as comprehensive -- you are n't going to have people trying to do effective organized efforts to sniff out leaks by selectively having disinformation float around . 
  if the limits on intelligence-sharing today are still geared towards the ussr , it might be more-appropriate to make them laxer . 
  i 'm sure they are n't , at the same time they are far more compartmentalised and getting human sources into their organisation at a level where it is useful could be considerably harder ( although i doubt it 's impossible . . ) . 
  i 'm sure a joint effort could be put in place , the question remains open on things like intercept and human intelligence ( how much of your capabilities are you happy to expose , how many of your assets would you risk via a third party ) not to mention additional agreements with third parties ( say saudi arabia , or israel . . ) . 
  at the end of the day , intelligence assets are valuable and hard to replace if they are lost or compromised . 
  allies do n't all trust each other to the same level , and importantly , terrorism , whilst important , is only part of the intelligence picture and is probably not the most serious one facing most countries today either . 
  on that basis , most sharing arrangement to get around the limitations start looking bureaucratic , inefficient and not timely . . 
  pretty much , targeted surveillance based on intelligence gathered from allies , other external sources , the communities and the public . 
  funnily enough , if you resource it sufficiently it works fairly well ... 
  well yeah , you 'd assume so , although probably with different aims . . 
  going on past returns to the uk from turkey of actual isis members , they 'll be arrested under section 5 of the terrorism act 2006 or similar , depending on what information turkey can supply . 
  it 'll then depend heavily on what evidence exists as to whether they end up getting charged , and if they are n't charged they will likely end up being watched for quite a long time to some extent . . 
  i 'm not suggesting anything , i would assume that these operations are already ongoing and have been for some time , indeed i 'd be very concerned if they were n't given they have a direct impact on the security of countries around belgium . 
  and yes , technically covert intelligence operations , especially ones hostile to the state they are carried out in could be considered acts of war under some circumstances ( although they generally are n't . . ) , but more often they are dealt with through counter intelligence and informal agreements between states on what is acceptable and what is n't ... * edit : just to be clear , i would expect that where practical and appropriate , a country would notify an ally that an operation has moved into their territory , if for no other reason than it might result in local support , but that might not always be possible or advisable , especially if there are concerns about the reliability or capabilities of the ally in question *, 
  i think the reason this was posted was because new zealand just voted to retain their current flag ... 
  so . . . no ? 
   they would n't have any legal base to operate , why would a sovereign state allow that anyways ? 
  the legal basis comes from the countries carrying out the operations ( i.e. 
  whatever authorisation there is for foreign espionage ... ) , they 'd potentially be acting unlawfully in the country they are in ( because as you say , no sovereign state would allow it explicitly ... although there might be agreements in place ) but they 'd have to be detected and someone would have to do something about it for it to become an issue ... that 's pretty much the norm though , most countries have foreign intelligence services , most have networks of intelligence assets in foreign territory where they have an interest , the uk/us/france running covert operations in belgium would n't be a new thing , never mind surprising . 
  the problem is that the us is a country , with a federal structure and identity , a single set of security interests etc. . the eu is n't . 
  various eu states have intelligence sharing and military cooperation agreements with other states ( within and outside of the eu ) and they simply are n't compatible with some sort of eu wide commitment . 
  in terms of value agreements outside of the eu far outstrip the value of any potential eu agreement , simply because the capacity is n't there . 
  the uk is n't going to halt it 's intelligence sharing with the us in exchange for a similar agreement with the eu , because it would lose significantly in terms of intelligence access , if it does n't halt it , it will be unable to share anything but a small segment of its intelligence data and analysis product ... 
  the same goes for quite a few other eu states . 
  now if it were restricted to shareable anti-terrorism information then it might make more sense , but as i understand it , that 's pretty much already in place . . 
  it basically comes down to trust and pre-existing agreements , together with the ability and will to allow operations to be conducted across the eu . 
  that simply is n't going to be solved without significant changes in the eu . . 
  i meant on the ground , everyone is aware that the us/uk etc. . . is already intercepting pretty much everything it can . . 
  i found [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vqwz7kk.jpg ) handy listing , not sure it 's comprehensive . 
  always intrigued that hawaii never got rid of it . . 
   i think it would be a good idea for belgium to invite other intelligence services in to help because they do n't seem capable of handling this . 
  to be honest , if the risk is what it appears to be , other intelligence services should be operating in belgium regardless of whether they are invited , in fact i 'd be a tad surprised if they are n't , although obviously sharing that data with other countries might be somewhat problematic ... 
  i have one too , it works remarkably well ... 
  this thread is pretty depressing in how far it is divorced from reality . 
  yes , there are lots of things you can do to deal with terrorism and reduce the risk of terrorist attacks , including suicide bombings . 
  we do lots of them already to a greater or lesser degree , but there is always more that can be done . 
  first things first though , when dealing with terrorism you have to balance the benefit of security measures with the cost to society . 
  there is always a cost and there is a point where the cost is n't worth it ... but with that in mind : start with the obvious . 
  make people aware that reporting suspicious behaviour is something they should be doing if they believe there is a risk . 
  people seeing something dubious and reporting is pretty important and it works . 
  i realise some people see that as big-brotherish , but given it is moderately low cost and high impact , it is a pretty important tool . 
  the way those kinds of campaigns are presented is important of course and some are more miss than hit , but they do work , they do get results and they do mean a higher level of public readiness . 
  the slight downside is that it can lead people to be more concerned than is entirely appropriate , but hey , we have that now anyway . 
  it goes beyond just public reporting too , making sure staff in public transport and other public facing positions are confident and well briefed on risks makes a big difference . 
  ( at the same time , training in things like first aid is pretty damn useful too . . ) . 
  the next obvious point in dealing with terrorism is carrying out covert intelligence operations . 
  the usual intelligence cycle applies to dealing with terrorism as it does with anything else . 
  so there are a stack of things that can be done - identify , infiltrate potential terrorists and then prevent any terrorist acts . 
  essentially this would involve properly resourcing and then carrying out anything from surveillance , undercover operations within communities likely to pose a threat and the infiltration of terrorist organisations . 
  going after finance , supporters and identifying propaganda and their various sources would be key to that too , especially where there are links between groups . 
  this can be lead from public reporting and other indicators . . then there are visible security operations . 
  making targets look harder to hit will disincentivize those terrorists who have n't been reported or identified when they are picking targets ( even if they are targets of opportunity ) . 
  obviously having capable and present security forces available also means responding to incidents is more rapid and more likely to lead to a positive outcome . 
  that again means resources , training and having the right ( and tested . . ) procedures and rules of engagement for a variety of scenarios in place . 
  then there are threat appropriate security measures . 
  if there is a risk of bombings doing things like limiting large public congregations of people , using stop and search , sealing bins , securing buildings properly and so on is pretty important . 
  they should obviously be the minimum amount required and depend on location ( there is more risk to transport hubs than say , farmers markets ... ) and geared toward credible threats . 
  next up would be community policing , if you are able to effectively police within communities , with the support of those communities , extremists find it much harder to hide and prepare attacks ... that 's pretty much the basis of good policing anyway so ensuring it works , that there are enough officers and that they have established relationships with the communities they police is important . 
  then there are a range of social measures , terrorism is n't a product of poverty and social exclusion , but both make it easier for terrorist groups to recruit and problematic ideologies to gain a hold over people . 
  we should be working to make sure that there is opportunity for everyone , that there is good education and that it is valued . 
  that extends to actively promoting the values that our various societies hold and not being tolerant of those who seek to undermine those values outside of a democratic/political/discussion context . 
  its one thing to advocate a position , quite another to try and impose it on others ... we should probably consider whether we need to take direct military action against groups like isis on the ground in places like syria . 
  if the answer to that is yes , then there has to be a real response , not a minimal effort . 
  we have to define our aims ( which should probably be the complete elimination of their ability to operate , the removal of their territory and any income streams . 
  that would have to be followed by a rebuilding and potentially long term occupation of the territory they did hold . 
  think germany post wwii rather than iraq after the second iraq war . . ) . 
  that 'd be costly in terms of money and lives , and i do n't think there is the political will for it , but i think it forms part of the solution to the current problem . 
  the scale and scope of measures has to be appropriate , it has to be subject to review and with real oversight . 
  but at the end of the day they are n't new or things we have n't seen and implemented before . 
  i 'm not sure that the current threat actually warrants a massive response , but at the same time , we do have a huge selection of policy , policing and military options available as appropriate ... tl ; dr : lots of things can be done , they have been done in the past , this is n't anything terribly new , we just have to do them ( and we are doing many of them . . ) . 
  ca n't stop everything , but that is always true . 
  i doubt it 'll have that much of an impact either way , but i suppose we 'll see . 
  i 'm more concerned about how it will be used to push the ip bill currently before parliament . 
   he 's talking about the cologne attacks , but the article applies in a broader sense to the whole `` education , integration '' nonsense . 
  except we have well integrated immigrant populations all over the eu , from decades ( and longer in fact ... ) of immigration from all over the world . 
  so it clearly does play a part in it ... 
  it 's not going to suddenly solve all the issues we face ( as i said ) but it is a big part of making sure migrants do integrate ... 
   we should n't accept it . 
  there is n't a whole hell of a lot the eu can do about it . 
  i mean , the russians did it for decades , several eu countries do it now ... 
  this is n't something that you can ban through the courts , it 's something you deal with through counter-intelligence efforts ... 
  which tend to be somewhat lacking and harder to do when a whole slew of different arrangements are in place between eu countries and external states . 
   it 's all so utterly predictable . 
  it 's also somewhat understandable . 
  this is essentially people saying ' i told you so ' after looking at it through whatever particular lens they happen to favour . 
  the reason some people in european countries are drawn into terrorism is partly about exclusion , education , poverty and indoctrination . 
  that is something you can fight with education . 
  it does n't deal with all of it , it certainly does n't eliminate it , but it might well help with detection and integration . 
  essentially we need to do lots of different things , there is no single pretty , quotable answer , but yes , education should play a part . 
   we need to start picking if we want try to stay fully sovereign or whether we want the benefits of integrated societies . 
  this is basically right , and it is at the heart of many of the issues that the eu faces . 
  but it has to be a choice , not ever more convoluted and ineffective half measures that sort of do n't do what they are supposed to . 
  your points on intelligence cooperation ( and even a single body ) are spot on given the issues posed by schengen and given the need for some kind of pan-eu security apparatus to deal with cross border threats - the current cooperation clearly falls far short . 
  the problem obviously is that quite a few member states , and their populations would choose not to . 
  the question then is what to do about that . .  for the average citizen , whether or not their government is the eu or the local government makes no difference , as long as there is proper representation and democratic accountability . 
  for the average citizen it does make a difference , especially with the eu in its current form . 
  if it were more akin to a federal level , with devolved power to regions and so on then it might no longer make a difference . 
  but right now , the eu institutions are n't capable of delivering anything like decent governance , and obviously there is a granting of powers in the form of competencies to the eu , as well as devolution down from states to local areas , as well as oversight by national courts ... , the exercise of most power is still at the national level . 
  a significant change in that would be hard and i do n't think it 'd be popular . 
   i 'd gladly give money for an eu intelligence agency or an eu army if that 's what we need instead of wasting money and lives trying to uphold sovereignty .
