  the mix of voices on the ` leave ' side are really going to have a pretty broad audience , and the shift away from the ` immigrants ! ', 
  panic will also make it more likely for people to take a leave position publicly ( rather than just in the polls . . ) . 
  seriously ? 
  if the uk leaves the eu it will have next to no impact on either economy it certainly wo n't cause an economic shock and the uk not being part of the euro and doing things in an orderly fashion means that things will broadly carry on as before anyway . 
  the eu is n't going to suddenly try to harm the uk economically ( because it ca n't afford to and anyway , where is the benefit ) and the uk is n't going to try and mess with the eu either , so the notion that there will be a uk collapse , or even anything beyond a little volatility is pretty daft . . 
   many in the labour might still . 
  party allegiance is not where we should draw the lines of eurosceptism , except for ukip . 
  no we should n't ( both parties are fairly split ) but party positions and especially the position prominent politicians take will be important in terms of the discourse and likely the outcome of the vote . 
  in short this really matters ( probably more so than the result of the eu parliament elections that everyone sort of treated as a bit of a proxy , where they bothered at all . . ) . 
  i 'm sure that was a good use of your time . . 
  actually what really matters is how his party ( and he ) campaigns on the issue , it looks like it may not be anything like as clear cut as it was before the election . . 
  it seems entirely possible and in line with what he has said elsewhere that he may well make the case for leaving . . 
  even more so now that he leads a major uk political party and because it does n't seem his views have changed that much . 
  it would be a step change ( iirc the previous labour leadership did n't support the referendum , corbyn does and has made points closer to the lukewarm conservative position on the eu than the previous pro-eu positions we have been more used to ), 
  not my title and did n't want to editorialise , but it is n't that misleading - ` europe ' tends to be used as a synonym for eu now ( and as a synonym for the ec previously . . ) . 
  and a slightly less than clear clarification in the [ new statesman ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2015/07/jeremy-corbyn-wants-britain-stay-eu ) this could begin to get very interesting in the uk ... 
   the only point of an eu army is to counter russia so we do n't have to let the americans cover for us all the time . 
  except that there is pretty much no way that this would be an ` army ' in that sense , this would n't really be about new troops , or new capacity , it would n't make much sense for member states to maintain their own nato commitment and fund a separate military with that kind of capacity . 
  given what the uk 's renegotiation is intended to achieve in terms of closer union ( or rather , a visible reduction in it . . ) i ca n't really see anything that could even be construed as support for an ` eu army ' being on the table . . 
  the view from yesterday seemed to be that since they paid more than any single other country all eu funds were actually german funds anyway ... 
  so yeah . . 
   but i do n't think it 's totally accurate to equate corbyn with the rest of post-thatcher labour . 
  if there was a candidate for leader that would be different , it 's corbyn . 
  i agree , but given that labour traditionally has a major authoritarian streak mingled in with everything else and given the position of much of the country on these issues ( which in part , even after snowden , comes from a position of ignorance . . ) i doubt it 'll be very different . 
  i 'd love for that not to be the case but i doubt it . 
  and the previous coalition government was elected on a platform of getting rid of the database state ... 
  both tory and labour ( and arguably lib dem . . ) governments in the last half century have all expanded these powers on the basis of a capability gap , frankly i 'd be surprised if a corbyn labour government were any different at the moment - largely because there is simply very little understanding or interest in a lot of these issues ( and problems that they do n't seem to understand where the margin between mass surveillance , public data and targeted surveillance is . . ) . 
  do you have any reason to think it would be otherwise ? 
  labour brought in and supports much of that same surveillance state and pushed for id cards , biometrics and other bits when they were in power and were n't in any way effective in providing opposition to the more recent surveillance powers either ... 
  i 'm not sure that corbyn would be any different in government and i do n't think he 'll be effective in opposition on the issues either . 
  my fleg !, 
  or just emulate the americans and call it the world football league . . 
  absolutely , then there was a referendum and we 'd have accepted the result ... 
  both sides came off well , there was some great discussion and interest , yes there was some anger , yes there was some stupidity , but the uk respected it 's collective right to self-determination . 
  i think the uk has learnt from ireland and from the end of empire , spain just seems petulant whilst supporters in this sub seem to want to bring in some sort of eu imperialism where dissent is n't tolerated , separatism is evil and everything should be in pursuit of economic power and clout on the international stage . . 
  this is such an amusing position put forth here ( pretty constantly on these threads too ) . 
  they are doing out of stubbornness and pride , self-determination , democracy and self-governance are not relevant and if they go we 'll fuck them over ( but we are n't petty or acting out of stubbornness and pride . 
   or maybe i 'm giving foreigners an easy time . 
  who knows . 
  you are n't , it 's a huge bonus if you are in a debate with people who do n't have as solid a grasp on a language . 
  i 've done it both ways and it is amazing what a difference it makes and how inarticulate you can be even when you speak a language pretty fluently , but do n't use it all the time . 
  the methodology there is a bit squishy ... 
  if you look at the eu 's own data it 's a bit different , germany has paid in about the same as the next two members ( although some of those members have been part of the eu for less time . . ) but the point is that germany has paid about the same as the next two , less than the next three and four and so on until we get to 9 . . 
  so no , it 's not german money , lots of it is , but it 's really , really not german money , it 's also italian money , and french money and british money . . 
   uk is not relevant cause its currency is different , ie the reserves are held in pound for people who believe in uk . 
  it would n't impact a german exit from the euro and where the reserves would go . 
  the uk is relevant because it saw the pound significantly reduce as a proportion of the worlds reserve currencies up until the 80s and then rise again in the more recent past . 
  i 'm not saying it would have an impact on a german exit , i 'm saying that just because the dm made up x % of previous reserve holdings does n't mean it will again , or that the same proportion will shift from a new , smaller eurozone . 
   even if reminibi is hard to hold , japan 's economy is 2x bigger than uk 's . 
  the reserves held in yen and pound are about equal . 
  this again debunks the larger the economy the more reserves it has . 
  eu is slightly bigger than us economy , euro is not even close to dollar in reserve currency status ... 
  i did n't say it was only about the economy , i said it was about quite a few factors including stability and credibility , whilst the size of the economy is relevant to some extent ... 
  the new smaller eurozone would have a large economy and with france and potentially others may be reasonably stable ( compared to say a pre-euro lira . . ) , germany on the other hand might lose credibility and may well need to , or end up with lots of euro 's ( to do business with the remaining euro-states so . . ) . . you seem to think it 'd be a walk in the park for the germany , it really would n't . 
  german credibility rests on the euro , that would tank . . 
   let 's leave uk out of this as they are not part of euro zone . 
  nor was a pre-euro dm , the uk is relevant because it ceased to make up a bulk of reserve currency holdings when its economic/political situation changed . .  from an investment point of view germany is the more valuable one , i am not saying economically ... just cause a country is big economically does n't make it an attractive investment . 
  so point of france + italy being bigger than germany does n't matter . 
  all the euro countries combined had 4 % of world 's reserves despite being combined economically bigger before the euro merger . 
  yes . . but before the euro , they were n't part of a single economic bloc . . 
  so they were n't larger , they were individually much , much smaller than germany , both economically and otherwise . 
  political and economic stability are important , so is size and utility ( having the euro is useful as there are lots of people using it ) . 
  i would n't just discount that . .  there are way more reserves in pound , yen than in the chinese reminibi , even though china 's economy is like 4x uk 's and 2x japans ... 
  indeed , and there we get back to stability and political controls . 
  it 's hard to hold renminbi ...  germany is probably the most stable major country in europe . 
  if it were to leave it is likely to continue to be stable , whereas rest of europe has no one to bail them out any more . 
  a large factor in keeping the interest rates low and euro steady is germany . 
  in fact they say if germany were to leave euro the dm would appreciate slightly , germany could easily control this by increasing forex reserves to reduce a spike of appreciation to a gradual appreciation . 
  germany bailing on the currency it put together would be seen as reckless , harmful and expose germany to risk , that would harm credibility and stability . 
  it certainly would n't be plain sailing if germany dumped the euro ... 
  things might be different if the euro were dissolved over a period ( and each country reverted to individual currencies ) . 
  germany is n't the only country paying into eu funds . 
  they may pay individually the largest amount , but it is n't even close to the majority of funding . . 
   it may be the same as the us , though i could n't find an explicit description of the differences . 
  it should be the same or very close as it 's all based on the same treaties . 
  it does n't and you make it sound like the un is some sort of external power - the un can only do what a majority of members want and only if the unsc does n't disagree . . 
  it 's not that different from the eu in that regard , the un can only ` do ' things through its members and any rules or regs are ones agreed in treaty form by its membership . 
  to a large extent ? 
  the uk , france and italy combined have net contributions of about twice what germany does to the eu , germany is the single largest contributor ( and the single largest economy ) but you ca n't ignore the small fact that of the nine net contributors to the eu the eight that are n't germany pay in a lot more and that if you took all of the german net contribution , it would n't cover expenditure in poland on its own . . 
   germany alone - europe 's largest economy - paid more than the 19 lowest-paying member states combined in the eu budget but oddly enough , not more than the other large economies combined . . germany contributes a lot , it is n't the be all and end all . 
   you dont find 300 billions euros eu cohesion funds ( the equivalent of two marchall plans ) enough ??? 
  wait , so eu funds are ` germany paying ' now ? 
   sorry about the drachma mistake . 
  did you even check the link ? 
  i did ... 
  the world 's reserves were 14 % in german currency before euro . 
  and the pound was the world 's largest reserve currency at the beginning of the century ( and hover around 3rd place now ) . 
  the reason for that change is that it is n't a massive empire any-more , there are other competing large economies and stability is important ( the uk we n't through some pretty nasty recessions ) . 
  after euro 18 % of reserves were in euro . 
  what does this mean ? 
  what do investors think are backing the euro ( hint germany is clearly more valuable than all the other european countries combined ) . 
  france and the uk combined have a larger economy , italy and france combined have a larger economy ... germany is not ` more valuable ' than all the other european countries combined , not even close . 
  it ran the dm very well and had an extremely stable currency and economy for a long time . 
  but now it is part of the euro , and if it pulled out it would cause instability ...  if germany were to leave most of the forex reserves held in euros would be held in the german currency . 
  i doubt that , it 'd be a new currency issued by a country that had just abandoned a currency union , it would likely be fairly volatile . . 
  i would assume we 'd see flight to the dollar and yen . . 
  possibly to the pound , but there might also be risks there , so to a lesser degree . 
  this would cause a drastic depreciation in the euro . 
  the impact on germany would be much less as most investors and foreign countries believe in the german currency . 
  a sharp depreciation is a disaster , it would create an inflation spike , high interest rates , food shortage , and a sudden decrease in a person 's wealth relative to the rest of the world .
