  i would be too . 
  i think i said this elsewhere ( or at least the reverse . . ) but it will be interesting to see how people who no longer support eu membership , but not on the basis of immigration , are treated by the various campaigns . 
  i actually assume the leave campaigns will broadly not bother campaigning on immigration ( because there is n't really any need to ) and the stay will alienate people who want reform , by trying to paint them as anti-immigration . . 
   direct interactions between peoples could be a good thing . 
  they could , but that was n't really the issue i was highlighting , the problem with the eu debate in the uk is that it has been sidelined by the major parties , so there simply has n't been any debate ( or at least very little ) so the governments position has always been a little divorced from what the population may have wanted ( and certainly not debated with any real impact ) . 
  that makes it easier for politicians to blame the eu for problems , for people to feel helpless and seek more radical positions and of course for the eu and eu members to paint a false picture of feeling in a country too . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how that runs into the referendum , because i think much like the scottish referendum , there may well be a bit of a surprise . 
  i 'm saying that there seems to be an assumption that there is some fundamental disagreement between the uk and other eu member states that is causing anger , when i would argue it is more that the uk government , and others , acting without ensuring that their actions represent their populations views and indeed that their populations feel they have had a say . 
  taking just the uk as an example , all the major parties have essentially the same official view on the eu , so it has been difficult for people to express their views on the eu at the ballot box , even while the parties have had their own internal stresses on the issues . 
  of course , and if free movement were the only issue it 'd be stupid not to . 
  but there are a number of other issues that people have problems with so it is n't anything like as simple . 
   who actually started this conspiracy theory about the `` ever closer union '' ? 
  that has never been used to force a law through , or to forbid one , not will it ever . 
  that is n't what it is about , this is n't about there being a legal mechanism that pushes integration , but rather that there is n't a current mandate in the uk for ever closer union between the eu and the uk . 
  essentially the uk does n't want to be involved in further political integration , that 's a fairly popular view in the uk - the eu is fine as it is , further integration goes too far . 
  hence why it is in the demands . 
   likewise any statement that britain does n't need to be part of it would be completely irrelevant . 
  it would be politically relevant and give a clear intent on the part of the uk in relation to the eu . 
  which might also mean there is less growling when the uk seeks to opt out of something rather than joining in or scuppering it , because it has made it clear it does n't want closer union . . 
  ah , right . 
  i suppose that makes sense , except it does n't deal with the issue of house prices in the south ( you build enough to drop prices , you have a massive political problem because people do n't like their house prices dropping . 
  and you think germany falls into that category ? 
  sorry , i 'm clearly being dense , but i do n't quite get what you are trying to say ... 
  i suppose my point there would be that the immigration issue is n't central to quite a lot of the non-right wing opposition to eu membership ( not that there is n't left wing opposition to migration as well , i just think there is a group who do n't see it as an issue and that 's larger in the middle and on the leftish side ) . 
  so for those people leaving the eu is n't about curbing immigration and so it 's somewhat irrelevant whether the current or future governments want to curb immigration or not . . 
  oh , absolutely , and i suppose that is a big part of the problem with some of the discussions we have here ( and arguably why attempts to sway the debate from outside of the uk could backfire pretty massively . . ) . 
  it 's interesting looking at the discussion in different countries media most of the time ( i tend to watch german news and opinion fairly regularly . . ) , the difference in tone and what is seen as normal aside , it 's pretty clear that there is a fair amount of hostility building up not because countries are working together and then disagreeing on things , but because governments are n't taking the time to actually bring people with them on the issues and instead are presenting a sequence of fait accompli moments . 
  it 's been interesting to watch that in the context of the refugee crisis simply because there seems to have been a couple of huge shifts , whilst the greek crisis was simply two entrenched views . 
  the uk 's eu referendum is going to be something else again , in part because of the amount of debate and discussion ( and screaming , lunacy , bias etc. . ) that 's going to start being bounced around in both english language news and media , but also in other eu member states . 
  apart from the referendum itself ( and outcome aside . . ) , it 's going to be really fascinating to see what it does to the narratives of eurosceptic groups outside of the uk . 
  oh and personally i 'm looking forward to seeing the reaction that people who would prefer the uk to leave the eu , but who are not anti-immigration ( or anti-free movement ) get . 
  that one seems to confuse people on the pro-eu left and right . . 
   then there 's the ` demands ' cameron has made . 
  many here seem to think that germany will just agree with it and the rest of europe too . 
  it should be noted that they are demands being made from someone who broadly wants the uk to remain within the eu , under pressure from his own party and the country he represents . 
  what 's more the demands only cover some of the core issues for the uk and two of them are fairly symbolic ( if this referendum were about the uk adopting the euro it would n't even be close ... ) . 
   then there 's the scots that may think completely otherwise . 
  i think this is being somewhat overblown , yes there is more support in scotland generally for the eu at the moment , but that has been up and down and there is n't massively more support in the uk to the notion of leaving either . 
  i realise that the waters have been muddied quite a bit recently with the whole ` if the uk votes to leave and scotland votes to remain , there should be another indyref ' thing , but i think it 's far too early to try and predict either position . 
  ( if anything the last indyref polling vs result should make that clear ) . 
   djeez all this context makes this referendum just seem silly . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  it 's a huge issue and people do n't think they have had a say on the matter . 
  support for a referendum is higher than opposition to one in both the uk generally and scotland for example ... 
  there is time now for a sensible debate ( and for the usual lunacy that accompanies these things . . ) we 'll see where it gets us . 
  i 'd assume spain would try to make it as easy as possible , given the amount of money they are pushing into the spanish economy from their pensions . 
  i 'd also assume that the uk ( and most other eu countries ) would work pretty hard to ensure that already resident people were able to stay . 
  see now you are just using ` dictator ' to mean ` someone i do n't like ' ... 
  it probably should n't work like that . 
  to be fair , there are also large tracts of land that we can build on , they just are n't anywhere near london or the south east , oddly enough housing generally tends to be more affordable there too ... 
  the issue with housing in the uk at least partially is split north and south ( not entirely i should say , there is an issue with a lack of building that contributes to rising prices , but it is far more acute in and around london ) . 
  that leads to a slightly bizarre situation where i can buy a much bigger house if i 'm happy to travel about 30 minutes north of where i am now , and ca n't afford one at all if i move south . . 
  i 'd argue there are a few solutions to this long term ( developing places like manchester , leeds , newcastle , sheffield etc. . more ) but the obvious short term solution - building a massive number of houses where the demand is . . also happens to be a potential minefield because you 'd end up freezing or dropping house prices in and around london . 
  which apparently makes people sad . 
   those in the in camp on the left often agree these are issues , but we should push to reform them rather than leave the eu . 
  it 's important to note that the extent to which negotiations are seen as possible is going to be pretty important in that context . 
  if you look at the four positions that were published the other day : 1 . 
  forcing brussels to make `` an explicit statement '' that britain will be kept out of any move towards a european superstate . 
  this will require an exemption for the uk from the eu 's founding principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
  an `` explicit statement '' that the euro is not the official currency of the eu , making clear that europe is a `` multi-currency '' union . 
  ministers want this declaration in order to protect the status of the pound sterling as a legitimate currency that will always exist . 
  a new `` red card '' system to bring power back from brussels to britain . 
  this would give groups of national parliaments the power to stop unwanted directives being handed down and to scrap existing eu laws . 
  a new structure for the eu itself . 
  the block of 28 nations must be reorganised to prevent the nine countries that are not in the eurozone being dominated by the 19 member states that are , with particular protections for the city of london . 
  you will note that those four cover what i would see as the most popular non-migration related issues ( opposition to the euro , opposition to a superstate , return of sovereignty ) , whilst throwing in the structural points and two circle approach ( which is broadly popular ) . 
  it does n't deal with quite a few of the issues that come from the left ( which are many and varied ... ) or those that come from the right ( like migration and the military . . ) . 
  but it will give an indication on whether there is scope for real negotiation . 
  if there is n't , or if opinions seem to harden ( like they seem to in this sub . . ) i think there are going to be quite a few people who would have liked to see reform and stay in , but feel that it is impossible and either do n't vote or change their positions . 
  it 's quite novel looking at the situation at present and seeing people on the extremes of left and right , as well as the centre finding different reasons to support the same course of action ( and indeed to oppose the same course of action . 
   or perhaps i did not known that is offensive and did not care huh ? 
  to be fair , / u/trucidator just pointed out that it was and that you may not have been aware . 
  i do n't see anyone bullying you , but it seems reasonable to make you aware of something so that people do n't misread your comments . 
  i read your initial one as fairly racist , which i 'm sure you did n't intend . 
  well is n't that lovely . . 
  there is an interesting issue there too : if the question of the euro comes up as part of the referendum ( which it will ) the stay campaign can hardly support adoption given the fairly massive opposition to joining it , yet i can also see anything concrete on keeping out of it being hard to articulate in a consistent manner with the rest of their message - and with their more hardcore support . 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing where that goes . 
  * edit - 24 hours later and we have [ this from the out campaign ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttv7uok8ojy ) ... *, 
  i do n't think that is intended as a threat - it 's the same reasoning other large firms have put out there , which is basically that since their employees pay lots of tax , they should be able to make use of whatever arrangements they want to pay less tax . . 
   oxford is already too expensive for many brilliant students to attend , now you cut even more off ? 
  i was under the impression that they were charging pretty much the same as three-quarters of the universities in the uk with the same access as others . 
  i mean , as much as tuition fees are a shitty idea , it does n't seem to be the primary barrier to access when it comes to oxbridge ( that seems to be potential . . ) . 
  although obviously you have to be in a position to apply , which presumably for refugees especially , but also people outside of the uk generally is a bit harder . . 
  pretty much the bbc music ones ( radio 1 , 2,3 and 6 plus the ` local ' ones etc. . ) largely because the adverts on commercial radio are horrendous ... 
  you can !, 
  that 's the nice part about self determination , you can always go your own way !, 
   there 's no reason to suggest it 's a majority here either . 
  i know , that 's what the vote is supposed to be for . 
  and i 'm not sure they 'd scrap the working time directive tbh . . 
  there was a slew of legislation before hand that was arguably more complicated in this area that it would n't be sane to go back to and there are only some very limited specifics that anyone objects to , not to mention that there is an individual opt out ( which is where those specifics become issues for some people ) . 
   oh yeah , so why do the uk wants to be above all finance-enforcement related legislation again ? 
  because it would prefer to deal with that as the uk ? 
  because there is a really long history of that in the uk and because the uks financial sector is a huge part of the economy that would be at risk if it were badly regulated ( and lets face it , when it comes to finance the eu has n't exactly done a sterling job recently ) . 
   what kind of laws could they pass that would magically benefit them that they ca n't pass under the eu to the point they need an opt out ? 
  ones that they decide on and have some control over ... like i said , big part of the uk 's economy , essentially handing it off to someone else is a bad idea . . 
  the decision on whether the uk leaves or not is one for people in the uk . 
  i 'd point out that cameron is n't a eurosceptic pushing to have the uk leave at all costs , quite the opposite really , but he is up against a lot of public pressure . 
  this is n't a power play , it is n't some ideologically driven issue from within the current governing party . . 
  this is 30 years of mild discontent coming to the fore , that discontent has to be dealt with , you can see that from the rise of ukip and other similar parties ( at the expense of groups like the bnp as well as the major parties . . ) . 
  but the point is that it 's a big deal , it 's worth the eu negotiating with the uk over this because it 'd be unfortunate if the uk left the eu , if there was something that could be done reasonably to stop it .
