  seriously , how can so many britts be that stupid ? 
  there are lots of reasons to leave the eu , i 'm sure some people see it as protecting their culture , but i doubt that 's a massive motivator . 
  self governance would seem to be a good reason though , not seeing their future in a political social union within the eu would be another . 
  really ? 
  you think that countries like the uk and germany will be destroyed by outside political influence ... well , good luck then . 
  well yeah , but no ... 
  the us can build something like the dhs because the agencies are all basically operating under the same legislation and their powers come from the same areas . 
  us agencies also generally have a brief that relates to operating on behalf of the us , national agencies in eu countries do n't have a brief that they operate on behalf of the eu so you 'd have conflict . 
  never mind all the rest of the crap . 
  the latter part of the article suggests that really it 's be something more akin to an information exchange mechanism , but given the call for ' a special pooling of sovereignty ' and that ` any such agency should be under the control of the european parliament ' it seems like a something intended to grab and begin to cement security related powers at the eu level . 
  that 's simply not going to happen , cooperation and coordination within set limits makes sense , but an agency with counter-terrorism powers that can operate in member states under the control of an intergovernmental body ? 
  yeah that 's not going to happen . 
   this snap poll was telling . 
  it showed how the public ( if a bunch of foreign , security , and defense policy experts can be described as the vox populi ) was finally coming round to the idea that european citizens can not depend on their own governments to protect them , despite governments ' best intentions . 
  this is because the nature of terrorism has fundamentally changed . 
  the eu has to find ways to respond . 
  what an utter , unmitigated load of bullshit ... 
  the nature of terrorism has n't ` fundamentally changed ' , and people can depend on their governments to the same degree as they ever have . 
  the notion that the eu would somehow do a much better job is pretty much pure fantasy , national governments have better access to intelligence globally ( that they probably ca n't share . . ) , have a decent legal basis to operate and have been doing this for a long time . 
  this reads like another ` there is a crisis , lets build some sort of new eu level organisation , that needs new powers ! ', 
   as it is , the majority of eu interior ministers loath the idea of sharing information , even though no one country and its security agencies can cope with or assess the threats and possible attacks european citizens face . 
  national level security services will be limited in what they can share at the eu level , because they have bilateral and multilateral intelligence sharing agreements in place already that limit sharing . 
  oh and those agreements go far beyond terrorism and are valuable strategically ... at the same time , national agencies do have the capacity to assess and manage terrorist threats within their areas or responsibility , they do so all the time . . 
  yes , there should be cooperation and co-ordination between countries in the eu , but also well outside of that ( given the threats and issues are global as well as local . . ) . 
   essentially , it is going to require a special pooling of sovereignty of course it is ... because anything short of that would n't achieve further integration and push powers away from governments and to the eu . .  also , in the member states there is competition between the security and intelligence agencies rather than the instinct to share . 
  or rather , in some member states there are serious issues , not all . 
  in some there is incompetence , in others a lack of funding , no doubt there is competition too , and of course compartmentalisation is the rule of thumb . 
  but why on earth would some sort of eu agency be better than the national ones ... 
  the national ones are n't going to go away ( there are other issues they still have to deal with after all ) so throwing in another layer is n't going to reduce any of that , at best it 'll add another layer of mess , at worst it will complicate the picture further and result in more intelligence failures not less . 
   as the epsc points out , the 9/11 attacks in new york and washington forced the united states to bring all the security services under the roof of a new department of homeland security . 
  which is lovely , but you ca n't bring the various eu wide security services under one roof , because they are not eu agencies , they are national agencies . 
  that means that they are operating under the supervision of local governments and on issues of national relevance , which presumably includes intelligence gathering in other eu states ... 
  they do n't just focus on terrorism . 
  and then the article basically reduces the scope of this new agency to one of information sharing , in a user friendly manner , and as a coordination mechanism . . well that 's great , but we have those already and they have issues already too . 
  i think the actual answer is no , it 's not time for an eu counter-terrorism agency , if anyone wants to do something then maybe making sure that the current agencies properly coordinate in areas of mutual interest would be a good start , but that does n't need to be something that the eu , or ep is in any way responsible for , even if it might help facilitate it . 
  to be honest it 's hard to define the ` nationality ' of a multinational at the best of times . 
  between hq locations , where they operate , where they pay what taxes and who their shareholders are you can end up with lots of different answers . 
  even ownership gets complex , companies being owned by other companies , subsidiaries holding significant shares in parent companies and other groups etc. . 
  it 's only one component , and once you know the definitions ( or can divine them from the context ) it 's not that hard either . 
  i did n't do grammar in school at all , or rather did n't do english grammar ( we had to do it for french and german as foreign languages which made it somewhat harder ... ) and i still managed 80 % on the linked test without having touched anything of the kind in almost two decades . 
   2000 people are a good sample size for 65 million ... 
  there is a science behind this kind of thing , if the survey is in any way rigorous ( and it 's an orb survey , so it will be ) it will give a reasonably accurate representation . 
  it 's not like someone went and asked 2000 people at a rave ( do we still have those ? ), 
  what their view was and ran with it . 
  they will have polled range of people in different parts of the country and of different demographics , weighted them appropriately and used that to build a result within a certain margin of error . 
   this is why i hate surveys like this . 
  you can 2000 people and some say yes then find another 2000 people who say no . 
  yes , but then you are n't doing a proper poll , you are simply putting together a bit of propaganda , that does n't seem to be the case here based on a cursory look ...  they mean very little but used to push agenda 's . 
  they can be used to push an agenda , there are several approaches , from how you frame the question to how you weight results , but it 's pretty bad practice and generally falls foul of the rules that polling companies sign up to . 
  but probably more importantly , if you wanted to rig a poll to push an agenda on legalising drugs , would n't you skew the results so that more than half of people supported the notion ? 
  i mean , on these results you could build an argument that the majority of people oppose it ... 
   oh yay a percentage , untrustworthy as hell . 
  why is a percentage untrustworthy ? 
   how about solid numbers , you can say 4 out of 10 people asked supports it and that 's 40 % . 
  because their figure is 47 % , i suppose they could have said 47 out of 100 or 940 out of 2000 ( apparently that was the sample size ) , and obviously they could n't have gone in the other direction given that 47 is a prime number . 
  saying 4 out of 10 would have been considerably less accurate , in fact it would have understated the amount of people with a positive response by 15 % ...  i do n't support it and saying over 47 % suggests half when they said otherwise in the headline . 
  your , or my position on the subject does n't change the survey result though and 47 % clearly does n't suggest half , it suggest nearly half , which is what the headline did say . . 
  like all polling , they look for a selection of people and use that to extrapolate positions across a population . 
  that tends to work reasonably well within a set margin for error . 
  if everyone were asked about every poll , there simply would n't be any . 
  and yes , that can lead to errors ( see the general election ) but it 's a valid approach and usually ( and especially for questions like this ) is reasonably accurate . 
  actually i 'd be willing to be they 'd be on the other side of it . 
  the police have little to no interest in doing anything about possession , lots of forces have de-prioritised significantly because they do n't have the resources to waste on what is generally not a cause of other issues for them . . 
  just reading over the membership of afp and it seems to include a ` british unity party ' , which has a website and various other bits , but does n't seem to be a registered political party in the uk . . 
  which seems odd . 
  can any one clarify whether this relates to the erf ( that everyone bar denmark pays into ) or something else again entirely linked to the turkey deal ? 
  more than none , less than all . 
   one of the big arguments for leaving the eu is sovereignty . 
  a bunch of foreigners trying to pressure brits into remaining is probably going to backfire . 
  oh come on . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the best thing for the op to do is to advocate hard for the uk to remain in the eu loudly and repeatedly . 
  i think emphasising the issues the uk would face without the eu , and the punishment it would receive would be great starting points . 
  it 'd also be important to emphasise that the uk does n't have an empire any more and that not one single country would trade with the uk once it leaves . 
  now , i 'm not an expert at campaigning , but i think the best campaign is a visible one , so if he has the resources he should work on coming to the uk , preferably with some friends and renting a bus or lorry and putting messages along the lines outlined above points on it , so that people can see them as it drives around . 
  adding some sound would help attract attention too , a loop of ode to joy ( which is popular in the uk and synonymous with the eu , so would promote positive feeling ! ), 
  played loudly over a tannoy system would do that brilliantly . 
  obviously the op does n't want to put off any potential swing voters by being duplicitous , as a german he needs to take into account cultural aspects too , so i 'd suggest wearing a germany football t-shirt ( so that brits feel comfortable ) and making sure there are some large german flags flying on the truck/bus to aid with identification . 
  the personal touch would just round it off perfectly , and given that brit 's are naturally multilingual , he should absolutely put together some rousing speeches and give them , loudly ( so it can be heard over the music ) and in a very passionate manner , whilst driving around . 
  that 'll do the trick !, 
  to add to what / u/sol10000 mentions , it 's generally legal in most countries with free political speech to advocate and campaign for separatist causes . 
  you can start a separatist movement in most european countries without issue , although in some you 'd have legal issues actually taking it to the point of secession ... 
   recent data on british requests for citizenship or long-term residency in france are n't available , said a spokeswoman for the french interior ministry . 
  the data from ireland ( which inspired the headline - `` rush for irish passports brought on by brexit fears '' ) suggested an increase of 488 over a year . 
  to be honest i 'm not surprised people are applying for passports , the uncertainty certainly would make me look at the migration rules if i were living elsewhere in the eu , but if you took the uk headlines at face value , you 'd think millions of brits were desperately trying to gain a second passport . 
  realistically , if you look at the rules for residency in most eu countries , people who are settled are likely to be entitled to stay anyway even if nothing changes ( it tends to be length of time in country legally ) and lets face it , the uk is n't going to kick out eu migrants any more than eu countries are going to kick out uk ones ... 
   they 're still people and demand shelter . 
  regardless if it 's government subsidized or not , they take up spaces that would otherwise be vacant or go to native europeans . 
  native europeans ? 
  surely you mean brits in context , especially given the rather common argument that it 's well paid european migrants who are putting upward pressure on housing on the uk ? 
  that aside though :  or in other words , demand exceeds supply causing costs to rise . 
  see that 's the nub . 
  the issue is demand exceeding supply and the factors there are fourfold ( in no particular order of precedence ) firstly - immigration , secondly - a rising population generally , thirdly - massively increased single occupancy and lastly a stagnation in building . 
  we do n't build enough houses . 
  take councils , in the 30 years post wwii councils built about half of all new homes , in the last ten years they have built less than 0.5 % and at a time when the house building rate has fallen off a cliff generally . 
  between right to buy and budget ( especially borrowing ) constraints the largest builder and provider of affordable housing has simply stopped expanding their stock ( and have lost vast amounts of it ... ) . 
  now given that , the solution is to build more housing . 
  yes , limiting migration from everywhere would relieve pressure a little , but we have a growing population and more and more people who want to live alone ( and get married much later etc. . ) and very little house building . 
  i think there may be some overlap between the people who support the cuts and oppose immigration ( conservative government policy after all ) and there are a significant number of people who see immigration as a central point to the eu referendum debate , but when it comes to cuts i have n't really seen it . 
  to be honest when it comes to migration and immigration generally i get the impression that it goes way beyond the uk and has just been a massive and heated topic on / r/europe for a long time now .
