   but the eu is far more homogenous than nato . 
  i mean , nato includes almost every eu state and then a whole load more . 
  nato is essentially more diverse . 
  fair enough , but it 's fairly irrelevant because neither are homogeneous or have unified foreign policy aims . 
  which means nato as a defensive alliance works ( but not as a tool for projecting power or influence ) and why an eu army would n't ...  however , are those differences reconcilable ? 
  yes . 
  for instance , on russia , all states want peace with and independence from russia . 
  and with regard to africa , china , the middle east and several other areas . 
  then there are national interests not supported by other eu members , commitments that some eu states have that others do n't ( and that are excluded from nato for example ) . 
  there are a mass or contrasting and conflicting priorities and interests , that could n't have been made more clear over the last two decades ( and that is why we do n't have a common response to the issues in syria , ukraine , georgia , congo , somalia , yemen and half a dozen other places where one or more eu members have interests ) . 
   the question is only a matter of achieving it . 
  indeed , but you do that first and it 'd be incredibly hard to do given the lack of an eu identity , eu foreign policy and eu unity on a massive number of issues . 
   this is not necessarily the case for countries like the usa or turkey . 
  there are scenarios where the usa benefits from a crumbling russia in ways that europe does n't . 
  that is n't even necessarily the case for countries like the uk and france either . .  likewise , european policy on islamification and daesh is pretty homogenous . 
  we want to limit the numbers of refugees and limit the amount of islamism in our societies . 
  no , european policy on these issues is n't homogenous , and the approaches to dealing with some of these issues are actively divergent . . 
   the point is , there 's a need for reform indeed so that a single country or two or three do n't use the eu as their personnal proxy to do anything that please them ( something both france and germany have been accused of . 
  sometime at least vaguely justified in their concern , i have to admit ) . 
  the problem i suppose is the reverse of the situation you describe . 
  the eu is an association of countries , the moment it moves beyond that and can impose its will on one or two members , it needs a very different institutional make-up , more accountability to an electorate and consent ... qmv has already caused a few ripples and likely would create more issues if the eu were n't essentially still relying on consensus to move forward . 
  the idea that countries could be overruled entirely would be a significant change with a significant impact and would require significant reform before getting to the point you describe . 
   or the country that can technically override all the others one way or another ( e.g : by reallocating money or recruiting men for the front ) `` win '' and has things it 's way ( e.g : we france pushed in syria . 
  germany collects 60 % of the greek budget . 
  etc. ) . 
  but big picture ( when you think the eu 's best interest , that is collective ones and not just the country that has it 's way ) , i fully understand that 's not entirely a good thing either . 
  i think the biggest barrier remains that the notion of the eu having its own interests , rather than representing the interests of members where a consensus can be formed , is simply not acceptable to a large proportion of eu citizens - or more accurately , it 's not acceptable when that consensus goes against their own views or their national interests . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what happens in terms of the eu as individual countries shift from left to right and right to left and if those shifts change the centre of balance for the eu ... lastly , and i seem to be saying this a lot , for the eu to do what some people want in this are and others , there has to be a european identity and a convergence on that across the eu . 
  right now that really is n't the case , there is some convergence in some areas in some countries , but there is also major divergence in others , whether that 's on social issues , military ones or economic ones ... tldr : its all a bit arse about face at the moment - but i may be somewhat biased . 
   yes , which is why we need more centralized decision making in the eu what you are saying there is that members should give up their national interests and instead realign around a set of shared interests led by the eu . 
  now that might well work , at some point in the distant future , but surely that would have to happen before the eu was put in a position where it could have a baring on those interests . 
  in short , if there were convergence it might be beneficial for the eu to have a role , if there is n't , it ceases to be beneficial . .  but that make some states screaming immediately because it interfere with their national sovereignty , to the point where they threathen to leave on a monthly basis . 
  i 'm not aware of any eu member threatening to leave on a monthly basis . 
  obviously the uk will be having a referendum on the issue , but whilst it could simply leave without one it has n't threatened to ...  and some of their concerns might be at least partly justified : we would also need a directly elected eu president before , in my humble opinion , tho . 
  that would help giving more popular legitimacy to an eu decision-making system . 
  that would depend heavily on what role such a president would have . . 
  i mean , simply electing a figurehead does n't really change much if decision making sits entirely elsewhere . 
   right now , eu leaders get in a room or phone conference and negociate together on big issues , which is good . 
  but if one day one decide not to play ball ( e.g : if one day france goes rogue against everyone else . 
  we can be assholes , i know that much first hand :-p ) with the others , the eu might end up in trouble , and it would not be in our collective interest . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you are driving at here - but obviously at the moment when one member does n't play ball ( and pretty much every member has at some point ) there is either a workaround ( with opt-outs offered in exchange for concessions in the most critical instances ) or the issue is n't dealt with . . 
   i guess it would depend on the situation and escalation , but that 's not impossible the issue here is that whatever foreign and security policies the eu has will have to reflect the policies that france , germany , italy ( the uk if it becomes part of this . . ) have too . 
  i do n't see that as being anything other than immobilising in most instances . 
  that would put a severe crimp on the first point , if the eu ca n't meet the foreign interests of its member states , they will have to continue to be in a position to do so ... 
  so you could end up with an eu force that is essentially useless , and national armed forces that continue to work on the current pattern of cooperation and coordination with just another layer slotted in ( or possibly replacing the current eu military elements ) . 
  essentially it seems like a bit of a waste of time and effort all to create , on paper , something that looks more like a bit of an ego boost than anything concrete ( not that i mind , i do n't want to see an eu with an army - but i 'd rather not see eu members spending money on useless projects either ) . 
  ah , but when england leaves , you 'll all be speaking german ! \u00b9 so you 'll have to change the graphs anyway !, 
  the bit that stood out was the notion that whatever compromise might arise ( albeit one that presumably does n't touch on closer union ... ) could include dropping british objections to an ` eu army ' :  weber said if britain got such a deal , it `` must not be allowed to continually apply the brakes if other countries want to work together more closely , '' such as on military cooperation . 
  could it be this [ denmark on the prairie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ici2zlbi30u ) ? 
  watching it now and it 's a bit fascinating . . * edit : this may be harder to watch as a non-danish speaker than i first thought , although muddling through ... also , the priest has a starship enterprise behind him ... *, 
   i would just hope that nato remains in place . 
  otherwise we will have a pretty dark future , since if nato falls apart , russia wo n't hesitate to somehow gain claims and invade certain countries . 
  to be honest , i do n't think that even if nato disappeared that russia would turn massively expansionist , but then again i 'd rather not have that theory tested . 
  i 'd also hope that the likes of the us , uk and others would continue with their support for exactly those certain countries that you seem to be implying might need it ... and frankly i 'd expect that whether nato existed or not , whether the uk was in the eu or not and so on . 
  wwii and the cold war should have taught us a lot and we all owe rather a lot to those countries one way or another , not least to ensure that they can guarantee their own autonomy . 
  i 'd have no issue with that . . 
   but since it is rt , i do n't think we have to worry about it becoming a real thing . 
  and sch\u00e4uble seems also a bit delusioned about the current situation in the eu and in europe . 
  i think we can ignore the source on this , but i do n't think we can ignore sch\u00e4uble on this issue - if for no other reason than it keeps coming up again and again and is being touted as a solution for everything from the refugee crisis through syria , russian aggression and us influence . 
  i think there are enough obstacles in place that it wo n't become a thing , but at the same time i 'd worry that it ends up being something that gets half born out of a crisis and we end up with another mess like the eurozone that does n't quite work properly , but means that various member states lose the capacity to do things for themselves ... 
  although i should probably add poland to the list of countries that likely would n't risk their own security , once bitten and all that . 
   source . 
  rt  cringe came across my reader and was mostly quotes from sch\u00e4uble so it seemed reasonable . 
   no the eu needs no common army . 
  we poles are already modernizing our armies , readying them for possible foreign aggression . 
  our neighbours in the west are doing the opposite . 
  and now if national armies would be dissolved or intergrated into an `` eu army '' ... 
  i think give it 4 years and you will see all equipment being scrapped while one small group of soldiers is supposed to guard the eu ... 
  it 'd look lovely on paper and i 'm sure there 'd be parades ( and the french and british probably would n't be part of it anyway , so there 's always that ) . 
  it 's the bit where it gets used as an excuse to weaken nato that you have to worry . 
   but what is good for the eu is good for you ... hmm , not really ? 
  i 'd just as well not be part of the eu . 
  what 's good for the eu is certainly not always good for me . .  would you fight for the british army ? 
  if the answer is yes , then your point is approaching absurd levels of arbitrary nonsense ... 
  i 'm british , i feel british , i believe i owe something to the uk . 
  i do n't have those feelings towards the eu . 
  you might have those feelings toward the eu and it 's true that not everyone from northern ireland feels the same way about the uk , but it 's certainly true for me . 
  and it 's not arbitrary either . 
  i look at the eu and i see something i do n't like , i do n't think it 'd act in my interests , i feel that it absolutely could act in ways i very much do n't like and i feel that my ability to do anything about that is far , far smaller than it is for me in the uk . 
  i do n't feel i have as much in common with others in the eu as i do in with others across the uk , even where we disagree politically , or in terms of faith or any other division . 
  its not arbitrary for an individual , it is about where you allegiances and trust lie . 
  i 'm not about to sign up to fight and die for something i do n't agree with and do n't trust and whilst i may not like my current government i do believe in the country . . 
  the eu would have to do an awful lot to be seen by me in anything like the same way . 
   but i really dislike it , when an answer to an answer to a comment from me , is suddenly in russian or a bit less , but still , when interesting sub-threads suddenly change the language after 2 or 3 comment levels . 
  that makes sense ( you ca n't assume that the person you are replying to speaks your native language - and indeed i think that 's a bit impolite ) . 
  and of course your point on a thread changing language would indicate ` locking out ' the people who were involved initially from the ensuing conversation . 
  but a thread starting in one language , or a reply in language to a previous thread seems reasonable . 
  you could probably go as far as saying a reversion to english/common language half way through a thread is more acceptable than the reverse ... 
  but i do think we lose some decent discussion , especially on german/french/spanish politics simply because of the need to translate puts a burden on the commentators , as well as placing them at a disadvantage . 
  i suppose that is easier for someone who can read a few languages than it is for someone who ca n't , but then either way it 's a compromise . 
   i do n't know how the mods feel about it , for me it is just not polite here to switch in the middle of a conversation to a language which most of the participants and listeners do n't understand and you obviously understand theirs , because you just answered to it . 
  even if the person you answer to , is also a german . 
  i 'd argue that the threaded nature of reddit actually makes that less of an issue ( and why multilingual discussions would actually work and , in my view be a positive ! ) . 
  still , as i said , bit of a sidenote , just injecting my opinion . 
   who are they going to blame when uk is no longer in the eu ? 
  irish ? 
  jews ? 
  that 's not really what the telegraph is about ( but pushing a conservative line does mean they still have plenty of targets ) . 
  the criticisms of the eu are far from being about scapegoating or shifting blame , it reflects a fairly solid core of concerns from a fairly diverse group of people - and it 's a tad annoying to someone who does n't subscribe to quite a bit of their editorial line that they are the most prominent non-batshit paper doing that . 
   countries of the newly established unofficial free movement area decide that they need to simplify the rules in the area in order to be more friendly to the users - eu is reborn .
