   you ca n't fight in the army or marry without your parent 's permission at 16 . 
  no , but you can join the army or get married if you are resident in scotland . 
  you can also leave school at 16 in most parts of the uk ( except england , where you can but you have to either go to college , or do some combination of work and training ( which by the way i think is a bit daft ... ) . 
  you are right though , it 's all a bit arbitrary and not very well aligned . 
  i 'd argue for 16 , but you can probably make the case for anywhere between about 14 and 21 . . 
  normally it 's the uk constituency you were last registered in , that might be interesting if there is disproportionate migration abroad from particular parts of the country , but i sort of doubt it . 
   this ` path ' was in the treaty of rome in 1957 . 
  indeed , and since 1957 , we 've seen the berlin wall built and fall , the ussr rise and fall , commercial flight become the norm , mobile phones and the internet become a thing and a ton more . 
  i think it 's fair to say that the path devised in 1957 may not be suitable or necessary any more . 
   it was on the table when we voted in 1975 . 
  you 'd be at least 58 now if you voted in that referendum , so obviously the ` we ' is a bit tenuous , but yes , it 's about time for a review based on where we are now . 
   i 'm not disputing that we should have another eu referendum , but those have always been the rules of the game . 
  those have been the aims , and to a certain extent you can see both why they came about and why they were necessary , but it should also be very obvious that the game has changed and that there has n't been enough discussion about it , or enough of a choice offered at the ballot box . 
   we ca n't cry that the eu is integrating closer , and claim that we were never asked that question , when that was exactly what we accepted in 1975 . 
  as much as eurosceptics like to say it , we were n't `` sold a common market '' . 
  i 'd argue that we largely were sold a common market , but even if we were n't it 's about time for a review . 
  it 's a shame that it 's been left so long , and that is is now a binary choice , but that is a different issue . 
   i do n't think it is consequential . 
  it 's been a tenet of eu policy since the very beginning in 1957 , as have things like free movement of persons . 
  right , but you ca n't tell me that there is n't now significant opposition to that even amongst people who support eu membership . 
  much like joining the euro , ever closer political union really is quite unpopular and ...  that is why i find it somewhat odd that we 're demanding that it be pushed aside because of our unilateral desire . 
  it 's being pushed because there seems to be a feeling in the uk that it should , yes that 's ` unilateral ' but it 's the uk 's interests . 
  anything that the uk wants from or for the eu starts out being a unilateral demand ( especially if you are talking about bilateral discussion . . ) although in many cases it becomes more multilateral as time goes on . 
  i 'd also argue that the uk is absolutely right to state it 's aims and push forward on that basis ( and i do n't think cameron goes far enough , but hey , i also do n't think he 's going to get much . . ) . 
   patronising tone aside , i think britain 's will-we-won ` t-we position we 've adopted over the last 25 or so years to obtain concessions from the eu is damaging to the union and to our position within it . 
  and i think the source of that has been the broad inability to use uk elections to declare any kind of direction on the eu and within the major parties , the eu has been a problematic subject to say the least . 
  the uks position is finely balanced between the governments ( regardless of type . . ) desire to be part of the eu vs the general antipathy toward the eu from most people , with some stronger views on the fringes ( that have been getting louder ) . 
   i think we should be leading the charge within europe for a stronger union rather than just leaving france and germany to do it with us hanging on the sidelines chirping up every now and again when we want an opt-out or a renegotiation . 
  but you do recognise that the opt-outs are at least in part there not to hinder eu integration , but to allow it to continue without the eu being committed to it ? 
  ( largely because of the point i made above about political choice , or the lack thereof ? ) . 
  the alternatives seem somewhat worse , and of course on renegotiation , surely that should always be an option , arguably it should be constant . .  instead i feel we 're just sitting on the sidelines and whining about things that we 're not going to change ( free movement , ever closer union ) rather than getting in there and working towards actual achievable goals . 
  i suppose i 'd then argue that if things like free movement and ever closer union are not open to debate and change , then what is the eu other than an imposition ? 
  it does seem really clear that people have issues with both of those things ( and other things , including eu competencies . . ) but somehow they are not allowed to demand that change ? 
  that seems like a recipe for real trouble . 
   we need to realise the net positive force that the eu has been for us and stop framing the debate as `` uk v europe '' . 
  i 'd agree that as part of the eu it is a bit daft to see the eu as quite so entirely separate , but that may be the biggest pointer in why the uk should be in a position to renegotiate it 's involvement in the eu . 
  i think even this generation feels separate and there certainly is n't the federalist appetite you see in some other eu states . 
  it is n't really the job of people generally to make the eu more palatable , the government should be doing that , political parties should be making the argument ( and now , with a referendum , they will finally have to ) but that has been avoided for a long time . .  i suppose i think we should be putting more in in order to get more out rather than expecting all of the ` good ' bits with none of the ` bad ' bits . 
  we need to encourage people to engage with the eu in a way that citizens of other countries do rather than thinking we 're somehow above it or separate from it . 
  i 've lived ( and worked . . ) in several eu countries , i speak several languages and i 'd argue that there is n't really an identity around the eu , i do n't think citizens of other countries do n't generally see themselves as separate or above it , i also do n't think that the way you are presenting engagement exists in the same way either . . 
  i 'd love to see an eu that most people living within the eu are happy with , but i think the spectrum is now so broad that you will pretty much annoy someone regardless of what formula you take . 
  the uk as a whole does lag behind some eu states though , and that could be fixed , but not by people whining about solidarity , or telling people that there are sacrosanct things that they ca n't change , or indeed telling them that the deal is done and they have to live with it , but rather by making a positive argument . 
  i have n't seen that positive argument , not for closer political union or even really continued uk membership , and that 's a shame ... 
  i spent a bit of time in scotland on the #indyref and in the uk talking to 15-17 year old 's about politics in the context of both the 2015ge and the 2014 eu parliamentary elections and it was fairly enlightening . 
  young people can and are enthused and informed about politics at 15/16 and i 'd argue that from 16 ( when you can join the army , marry etc. . ) is just as justifiable as from 18 and might actually push more people into participation . 
  i think i 've said this before , but i think it should be the same franchise as a general election \u00b9 , given the nature of the question , but it 's quite interesting how this is playing out . . \u00b9 although i 'd also like the uk to expand voting to 16 year olds ... 
  i 'll just address this too :  i 'm also pretty annoyed that osborne is going to germany with the aim of getting the `` ever closer union '' principle of the union removed considering that it 's been in place since 1957 . 
  to be fair , this is probably my issue with the eu , the notion that we are on a path of ever closer political union and that this path has somehow been decided and can be pushed forward without going back to the electorate . 
  now we are going back to the electorate and , as all the polling seems to show , people want some changes . 
  yes , some of that is about immigration ( i like free movement so . . ) , but a lot of it is about being able to choose our own future and the shape of our government and the way we are governed . 
  ever closer union embodies that almost inevitable push in a direction that i think quite a lot of people are bothered about , more to the point it feels quite an inconsequential request for that principle to be set aside . 
  after all , we can then be more flexible in how the eu project moves forward ... 
  it does n't really matter how long it has been in place , or who put it in place , the key question is whether it is still something that people in the uk want now ... so :  it makes us look like we expect the entire union to jump at our whistle . 
  we signed up knowing it and demanding it be changed when no other european country is complaining about it is just parochialism , if that 's the attitude we 're going to take we may as well quit and condemn ourselves to obscurity and subservience rather than ensuring that a closer europe works for us and for the rest of the continent . 
  really ? 
  we ca n't change something if lots of people in the uk do n't like it because of appearances ? 
  i 'd agree that pushing that particular change is indeed parochial , but then the role of governments is supposed to be to push the interests of the uk and if there is a view that ever closer political union is n't what people want ( and there certainly seems to be , within the anti- , pro- , and indeed meh - camps ) then that is what the government should be pushing for ... 
  i really do n't understand what you want the uk to do , just go along with what everyone else is doing , regardless of what people would prefer ? 
  i mean i understand that , it 's perfectly reasonable if that 's what your aim , but i 'd have thought there would be better positions to take . 
  yes it 's funded through taxation , but at the same time , if you step off the plane from the us with no health insurance and are hit by an uninsured canadian driver and need blood , you 'll still get it and your emergency treatment and you still wo n't be billed for it at the end ... healthcare being free at the point of delivery is quite an important aspect , but everyone is aware that it is paid for through taxation and i do n't think anyone genuinely ever intends to suggest it is n't . 
  of course the uk could survive outside of the eu and scotland could survive outside of the uk . 
  but they are n't equivalent , the uk 's economy and the economy of scotland are not even close to similar and the importance of the eu to the uk and the uk to scotland are n't equivalent either ... 
  the arguments and situation are different , however there is one parallel to draw , both scotland and the uk have a right to decide how they are governed , scotland does have the right to go it alone if that is the view of the scots and the uk can leave the eu if that 's the view of people in the uk . 
  but lets not try to pretend that beyond that the situations are equivalent , they really are n't if only on the basis of what powers are devolved where and how . . 
   that 's just you sticking your fingers in your ears and yelling `` lalala , i ca n't hear you '' . 
  no , not at all , but it is alarming watching people repeatedly grasp this as if it changes the argument . 
  it does n't . 
  we have seen a very long period of countries eliminating tariffs and non-tariff barriers , of trade opening up and expanding globally . . 
  but of course if the uk leaves the eu that will all change ... of course it wo n't . 
  the us wo n't be as happy as it would be if the uk were in the eu but that seems a given . 
  if ttip or tisa come into force with an eu that does n't include the uk , that is a market that is quite a lot smaller than when the agreements were negotiated ... 
  it will also likely mean that the agreements that the uk and us do come to might not be part of the framework that the us is building globally ( or trying to , china and others not being terribly happy to play that game . . ) . 
  i wo n't discount what has been said , but it stretches credibility . 
  and obviously even if it does mean trade terms with the us on the same basis as china or india or brazil that is still balanced against the uks current position within the eu and the direction the eu is taking . 
  there will be eu/uk and us/uk trade with or without the uk being a member of the eu . 
  and when we do , it 'll end up with compromises on both sides that are n't in the interests of the uk , in essence it 'll be less than what a bilateral treaty could be because the range of compromise required will be greater ... 
  that really does n't change anything at all , uk/us bilateral trade is large enough that the us would n't want barriers in place either , yes , the us would prefer the uk to be in the eu , it is in the interests of the us , but they are n't going to go out of their way to make trade hard any more than the eu would . 
   but the current situation is untenable . 
  they need to decide what they want . 
  that is what the referendum is for , the period of debate before hand seems to have caught more attention than these things normally do and more people are engaged , but that is a good thing . 
  it does mean that there is a period in which there can be debate , people will discuss issues as well as the more spurious stuff that will come from the campaigns and parties involved . . 
  it means people can have their minds changed , and that is happening and it is a good thing ( regardless of where you stand . . ) . 
  a decision is going to be made , and it is somewhat out of the governments hands now so it is a decision that will be made by millions of uk voters . 
   the point here was relevance and uk is more relevant inside the eu . 
  it 's undeniable . 
  that 's not undeniable at all , i think it is entirely arguable that the uk outside of the eu would be better able to protect its interests than a uk inside the eu , and indeed that the uk would only be able to fully make use of it 's influence without being part of the eu , after all , the uk is constrained as part of it 's membership ( which has to be a calculated choice . . ) . 
  some people seem to conflate the eus relevance with that of the uks ... 
   but i still think that being part of a larger entity ( europe ) would be beneficial to britain in the long term , so do i , the question is the shape and direction of that entity . 
  for example , i think free movement ( of people , goods , capital and services . . ) is a great idea , i think having really , really open markets is great . 
  but there can be diversity within those markets and we do n't need an overarching political system to run that , one that almost by default will have to push for more political union to justify its own existence ...  not to mention leaving the eu could trigger another scottish referendum that this time is far more likely to end in a yes vote , and although that would n't be disastrous for the rest of the uk i think that none of us fancy that prospect . 
  to be honest i 'm not sure it would , and i 'm not sure that it would lead to a yes vote on leaving either . 
  we 'll obviously know more in the run up to the election but to be honest that is n't relevant anyway . 
  if people in scotland want to run their own affairs that is entirely their prerogative , they have a right to determine how their country is run , but the uk ca n't ignore the other constituent parts of the uk to keep one part happy either . . 
  frankly i 'm happy to trust the scots to do what is right for them and that 's the important part ...  i must agree with you though when you say that the eu could do more to appease the uk , since so far it looks to me like juncker and his mates are just trying to get on cameron 's ( and the rest of britain 's ) bad side , instead of trying to find a compromise it 's not even about appeasement , the uk seems quite happy to get out of the way and let the eu do its thing so long as it does n't push additional commitments or requirements on to the uk and frankly that should be possible . 
  the problem is that the uk is a massive part of the eu economically , militarily , in terms of foreign policy and so on . 
  with the uk on the outside track ( or the outside . . ) the eu shrinks quite considerably and obviously in the context of federalisation , it becomes a problem . 
  but of course the problem now is that a stay vote will be seen as approval of the eu rather than tolerance and , like the av referendum in the uk , it 'd be used as an argument for why reform is n't needed . 
  if there is no prospect of reform , i 'd see a ` remain ' vote as a very dangerous thing and certainly not one that would lead to positive change or even just a maintenance of the status-quo . . 
   the more countries show an interest in leaving , or actually leave , the more eu will look to incentivize membership as opposed to offering generous deals to the outsiders . 
  well , apart from the fact that ` offering generous deals to outsiders ' actually means ensuring that there is broadly barrier free access to markets on both sides , which is in the interests of the eu and the uk ( given the size of the uk economy and the amount of trade there is between germany , france , italy and the uk etc. . ) .
