  i could go for the obvious however . . ni is a special case for quite a few reasons most of which should be obvious , and yes , there are massive issues in terms of representation for ni within the uk ( and lets not get into differences in terms of rights too . . ) . 
  now if that were entirely one sided or if it were down to an imposition by the rest of the uk , or indeed if it were down to political apathy by the national parties then it might be comparable , but it is n't so ...  you 'd have thought they 'd have got their shit together since major ... 
  indeed , it feels like this has just been rolling on for a really , really long time now , it 'll be interesting to see what the referendum brings and how the discussion and campaigning plays out . . 
   i agree its a problem , but we 'd have people complaining about `` muh sovereignty '' if you instituted a vote on european lists instead , such that your vote for a certain party could be used to get someone from a different country the spot ... 
  i suppose the point is that the push to make the vote about the presidency ( when it really was n't ) sort of half way through the long campaigning period , essentially as a bit of fa\u00e7ade of democracy was a mistake . 
  it 's hurt trust rather than gaining it in a few places . 
  oh and i think junker over the last few days has made quite a lot of people realise that there might be something a bit wrong , or at the very least that he may not be a terribly credible leader . 
  digital communication can absolutely be secured against snooping , it 's just that at present it is n't normal and so hard to do for most people , so it 's easier not to . 
  that does n't have to be the case but hey . 
  i 'd also add that it 's mass surveillance and oversight that is the issue , anyone can be spied on , but right now everyone is . . 
   but is it really that big of a deal that it 's something to care about ? 
  i think so and i 'm intrigued as to why others are n't ( hence the question ) . 
   unless you 're referring to the case where you do n't have it on you and are given some time to produce it at a police station . 
  we do have that proviso , but i consider that to be effectively the same thing . 
  you can be given a demand to produce documents at a police station ( within 7 days ) , i do n't see that as the same thing . 
  the interesting point is that you can be handed one even if you are n't driving ( if a police officer suspects you were driving at the time of an accident , or when an offence was committed ) . 
   which is another reason i find it odd that it 's british people who so vehemently oppose the concept of id cards . 
  i mean , it 's no secret that the uk has pretty extreme public surveillance ( not something i personally care too much about , since it is public ) , pre-charge detention , and state-mandated private surveillance . 
  compared to those , an id card should be the least of your worries !, 
  i quite agree ( although obviously i 'd rather not see a step back on id cards too ) . 
  it is really very interesting where the line is drawn ( especially the private vs public element and currently with communications intercept ) . 
   the response i 've seen to the passport card ( largely the same concept as an id card ) has been nothing but positive here . 
  there was a push not that long ago for id cards in the uk , the positive benefits to youth for id , travel and so on was massively pushed , but it was still overwhelmingly unpopular . 
  it 's interesting how deep this seems to sit . 
   there is no hiding of your identity in the digital age unfortunately . 
  i do n't think the id matters in the big picture . 
  i 'm not sure how one invalidates the other . 
  sure , countries can and do massively invade the privacy of their citizens ( and others ) but surely we should all be arguing against that , not supporting it on the basis that it may be inevitable to some degree ... 
  possibly ( there seemed to be some countries missing when i looked through the wiki page , but maybe i 'm wrong ) , but that is still an entire country where no-one could vote that way even if they wanted . 
  it seems like an odd thing for an eu wide party not to be eu wide . 
   swipe id , write out a protocol . 
  seems the rational thing to do . 
  german efficiency above all !, 
  across these comments this does seem to be the main argument , efficiency plus the point that it makes the polices job easier and makes it harder for people to hide their identity . 
  i 'm not sure whether i think that 's a decent balance , or whether it really makes a difference . . 
   carrying an id card just lessens the possibility that the information you provide will be false . 
  i do n't see what the problem is with that . 
  it does , obligating that you carry one or own one seems excessive to dealing with that though ( like i said , this is dealt with perfectly well in places where neither owning nor carrying an id is mandated ) . 
  i suppose it 's a balancing act . 
   why ? 
  it 's no different from being required to carry a license whilst driving a car , or carrying a gun . 
  at least in the uk you do n't need to carry a driving license whilst driving , nor carry your firearms certificate whilst carrying a gun . 
   an id just adds proof to your answer as to who you are , and it makes it more difficult to lie . 
  i suppose it might , marginally , but there are lots of things that we could do to make it easier to prevent law breaking and make it harder for people to lie that we would n't . 
  like i said , it 's interesting to see where people draw the line . 
   but , why would you be so hung up on the past ? 
  i do n't know , when it comes to id it seems almost a gut reaction and you are absolutely right about cctv , i do n't understand why it ( and other similar stuff ) does n't raise the same response . 
   it makes everything so much easier in case of an accident . 
  well sort of , but again , probably not that much ( given your car has a number plate and insurance etc. . is linked to the car ) . 
  i honestly do n't see it making much difference . 
  is arguably the root of the issue that some people in the uk have with it btw . 
   why not ? 
  because you can always tell someone who you are , you do n't have to carry something with you and you ca n't end up in trouble for simply not having something with you . 
   of course !, 
  that 's fundamental to the rule of law . 
  there 's no reason why that would n't be a requirement in relation to showing an id card too . 
  true , but if not carrying the id is in itself an offence then that becomes problematic . .  i did n't suggest that you said that . 
  ah , fair enough . 
   of course it it . 
  you 'd be surprised at how many people seem to present that as an actual position though . 
   to a lot of us , the topic is really unimportant . 
  i noticed ( like cctv in the uk , it seems to be seen as fine and dandy , because it 's the norm ) but it 's still a little surprising given the association with more authoritarian regimes . . 
  i have been trying to find some data on when it started to be seen as normal to require id and am having difficulty , but i assume that in a lot of countries it will have been a post war thing , so again , it 's a bit odd . 
   it 's just like you take your driving license with you when you drive your car . 
  except you do n't have to carry your driving license even whilst driving ( in the uk , it 'll be different elsewhere ) so again , there is no penalty for simply not having the paperwork , only for not being licensed to drive . . 
  anyway , i thought the difference in attitude interesting . 
   personally i think they should take him and throw him out of the plane when they 're over morocco and let them do whatever they want to that parasite . 
  see , this is why you are n't allowed to be in charge of the justice system any more . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if that 's satirical or not . 
  spain brought in some fines for losing your id card and it sparked some debate . 
  it 's part of what was discussed earlier in this sub as part of the ` gagging ' law . 
   if a guard asks you your name and where you live , it 's an offence not to answer honestly ( which pretty much amounts to the same thing as having an id card on you ) . 
  it 's not the same as requiring an id card on you though , and as with everything else there is usually some bar that has to be passed before you can be required to identify yourself . 
  i did n't refer to it as orwellian either , my point was that mandatory id and being required to carry it seem to be fairly well burned into the british psyche as a bad thing ( which is odd given the acceptance of surveillance and anti-terror laws generally ) , but not in other eu countries it would seem . 
  surely being required to ( and i assume there is a penalty for not ) is problematic ? 
  plus , how often do you have to prove your identity ? 
  i ca n't think of many times where i need id to prove who i am , if it is just for the police then surely it 's basically handy to deal with the law that makes it a requirement . . 
  true , but given the epp aims an objectives it makes sense . 
  the epp does n't really fit with where the conservative party is at the moment , or really where the rest of the uk is in terms of direction of travel ( even if you ignore the in/out malarkey ) . 
  same result though , literally no-one in the uk could vote for junker or the epp ( and i think the uk was not alone in that . . ) which sort of makes any notion of representation in the presidency a bit of a joke . . 
  that slightly amusing moment when you realise that there was n't a single epp affiliated party on the ballot in the uk . . 
   yes i am mister jones living in 123 fake street . 
  now prove please that i am not mister jones easy and fast . 
  why do i need to ? 
  if it is something serious your identity can be checked , if it is n't i do n't need your identity . 
  its amazing how so many countries manage without forcing people to carry id that you would see it as some sort of insurmountable problem , a problem that requires the imposition of a burden and reporting requirement on absolutely everyone . . 
   so recording and publishing your work would be fine by you ? 
  in public ? 
  yes , oddly enough . 
   makes identification much more easier . 
  asking for a name and address works too , is there any reason why anyone should be required to identify themselves at any time ? 
  why do i have to carry papers to be shown on demand ? 
   i 'd make a law that makes publishing such photographs illegal , it 's okay to tape a cop doing illegal shit and using it as evidence so while i get what they 're thinking they overdid it . 
  why ? 
  public servants in public , why should recording them , or publishing such recordings be illegal ? 
  what damage does it do ? 
   you should have an id/passport at all times , no exceptions . 
  and if you lose it ( or sell it to someone to put another picture in there and use it for illicit activities ) it 's your fault for not reporting it stolen . 
  fuck no . 
  there is no reason why people should be required to carry and therefore presumably produce id documents at any time .
