  however , this deal does n't really deliver , you have pro-remain arguments already saying that the deal does n't deliver a reformed eu , but that it does n't matter really and the uk is still better in ... 
  essentially what we have is a missed opportunity for reform , and a good argument for leave supporters to make about the fact that we are n't voting to be part of a reformed eu , but rather that we have some weak promises that might protect us from the eu ... why anyone previously on the fence would now vote to remain part of a union that we need special status and protection from is a different question really ... 
  indeed , but any treaty changes still have to be voted on in the uk , non-treaty related changes ( and quite a lot of that exists around the euro ) are a different matter . 
   i 'm english and have never put jam on my croissant & ca n't recall witnessing it either , maybe it happens outside london . 
  i 'm outside of london and i have n't seen it either and it does seem wrong . 
  the only sort of things you should be putting on a croissant are marmite , or some decent cheese and pickle . 
  i agree entirely . 
  fair enough , 16 % , but a significant portion of the eu economy in either case . 
   they are not going to block further integration of the core ( france , germany , benelux , italy ) eu countries . 
  there is n't going to be support for treaty changes that support that unless the eu was granted fairly major exceptions ( and even then it 'd go to a vote in the uk ) so it seem fairly possible that it would absolutely block further integration . 
  because people in the uk pushed for one , i 'm sure you could do the same if you all worked together . . 
  the uk is about 20 % of the eu economy , a large developed market , has good international relationships , a decent military , is attractive to investors , has a global finance hub and acts ( at least in theory ) counterbalance to other members , while offering a slightly different approach to issues when compared to the other dominant states . 
  the uk leaving could also dent confidence in the eu . 
  more or less , even in countries like the uk with an established church you do n't need state certification to preach or teach theology , as long as you do n't try and pass yourself off as a member of the anglican clergy in any case . . 
   yes it is , my point was the number of other languages spoken in canada is nowhere near `` 40k speakers '' . 
  right , but i specifically referred to the ones you listed . 
   i do understand that 's the case , my point is that the eu can use the canadian model as a basis ; for a more europeanised version . 
  something that would give states in the eu more autonomy than they have in canada , where each nation still retains it 's national parliament ; but with a federal central government . 
  oh i agree , there are several models that the eu could use . 
  however , my point on diversity is that the eu , unlike canada or even the us , is very much arranged along national lines , and those national lines retain fairly separate cultures , are often somewhat ethnically , religiously and linguistically homogeneous and so on . 
  the eu is diverse but that diversity is concentrated and separated ( not everywhere , not all the time , there are exceptions and it 's interwoven with migration and all sorts ... ) and there are national divisions that are visible along much more than just what passport people hold . 
  that makes any push toward what you suggest at the eu level far harder to achieve than in say canada . . 
  i think it comes down to having a european identity , culture etc. . common languages ( which sort of exists with english ) loosely aligned over more specific local cultures , and i do n't feel the eu is moving toward that , or that there is a will to move toward it . . 
  and the uk has done neither ... 
  it 's taking refugees directly , accepting in country asylum applications as and when ( and there are quite a lot of those ) whilst maintaining proper border controls . 
  being an island also helps of course , but that 's broadly the approach . 
  the uk processes , approves successful claimants and removes failed asylum seekers . 
  personally i 'd like to see more support for those who do get through the process , but broadly i think the current approach is somewhat balanced . . 
   but i do n't think that those difference are enough to stop the establishement of a true democratic system in the long term . 
  may be in the short ter i 'd argue it 's possible in theory , but only likely in the very , very long term , and even then only if there are significant changes across the eu . 
  at the moment the eu simply lacks the core basis for such a democratic system , there is no real unity , no general solidarity , no universal common interests aims or values , essentially we are a long way away from even just a slim majority of people in eu states from feeling mostly european , never mind realising that . 
   for the rest i indeed think that people from the same background will have the same spectrum of view . 
  people with similar views have the same view , background helps , but it is n't by far the only contributing factor . 
  take something like the approach to saving money , there are significant differences between countries , simply because of the banking environment and social norms . .  i do n't say that they old identic view.i just say that there are more likely to have enough in comon to have two or three school of thought who can be supported by several political party . 
  my point was not that there would n't be common positions , but rather where the lines of difference would be and how important cultural , social and other issues are in that beyond class and/or occupation . 
   liberal party supported by people who do n't like to pay taxes . 
  i am sure that a lot of people inside all european nations do n't like to pay taxes and are ready to vote for this kind of party . 
  they can vote by adhesion to a pan european ideal or just by convenience . 
  indeed , but that party would have to have other positions too , and then you end up with odd splits ... you have to simplify to the point of absurdity to get past the various differences they are , and those things are n't very cohesive . 
    as to languages , the vast majority of people speak english and french . 
  the languages you have listed include maybe 40k speakers out of that 35 million . 
   wrong . 
   english : 20,584,775 speakers  french : 6,608,125 speakers that 'd be a majority . 
   non-official languages ( e.g. 
  not english or french ) : 3,472,130 indeed , and includes a huge slew of langues ...  800,000 people alone in canada speak a sino-tibetan language for example ; you are vastly misrepresenting the situation . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm not arguing that canada is n't diverse , i 'm saying there is an overarching culture and identity that applies to most people . 
  that does n't apply in europe ...   unlike the eu , there is n't the kind of geographic bounding either ( yes there are differences between provinces , but it is canada that is diverse , it 's not a canada made up of lots of different groups in small areas . .  not true . 
  according to your own sources , it is absolutely true , each of the provinces has a decent mix of people based on their own identity . 
  you do n't have provinces deliniated on the basis of ethnicity or culture . 
  you made the point about canada doing a great job of integrating migrants , that is absolutely true , and it shows in the demographics of canada . 
  the eu is however broken up into countries that are reasonably homogeneous , that leaves an eu that is more sharply delineated along national lines ( not everywhere , but in many places ... ) . 
  i really do n't understand why you even think this is n't the case ... 
  it 's a product of our history as much as canada 's diversity is a product of canadian history . . 
   canada has no common culture , it has a hegemonic culture ; but to call it common is a vast misrepresentation of canada and shows little knowledge about it beyond it 's major cities . 
  firstly , the vast majority of canadians live in their major cities , it 's 80 % + urban , and whilst canada has an impressively diverse population , it does have a common canadian identity and shared culture ... as to languages , the vast majority of people speak english and french . 
  the languages you have listed include maybe 40k speakers out of that 35 million . 
  that 's about the same as the number of welsh speakers in europe as a proportion . 
  unlike the eu , there is n't the kind of geographic bounding either ( yes there are differences between provinces , but it is canada that is diverse , it 's not a canada made up of lots of different groups in small areas ( tribal groups being the exception , and also being a tiny , tiny minority , and one that you could argue have been failed massively by canada 's democracy . . )  canada is one of the best examples of how different cultures and langues can form part of a greater whole . 
  it is , and it is nothing like the eu at all . 
  which makes it a particularly poor example on your part . 
   those states that oppose it/do not support it do not have to be part of it ... of course , my point was that there is and i think always will be that opposition , which makes the entire notion somewhat moot . 
  canada has a population of 35 million and has a common culture and language ( apart from the whole quebec thing , and that is hardly issue free . . ) , as to india , i think you 'd have to define ` works ' a little more clearly . 
  that is n't to say it ca n't work , it can , but i do n't think it will as there is very little will , and certainly insufficient support , and serious opposition in many individual states . . 
   by the democratic law the sheep will have to seek alliance with one of the wolf . 
  and such an alliance would never be equal , so . . the sheep is screwed either way ? 
   there is more in common between people of the same social category ( ex farmer ) that between people of the same country ( famer and banker ) . 
  really ? 
  does a french teacher have more in common with a french doctor , or a british teacher ... do they have the same aims ? 
  what about a french machinist who earns as much as a polish dentist . . do culture , history , ethnicity , religion especially those that are more delineated between countries and regions have more of an impact than class ? 
  the problem with the eu is n't that there is nationalism , the problem is that nationalism for many countries is more than just a shared notion of what country they belong to , but a whole slew of shared elements , from language and culture through ethnicity and religion ... oh and given that often even people in one country ca n't tell who they have more in common with , i 'm amazed that you 'd think there would be an obvious sharing of that commonality even if it did exist . . 
  oh absolutely , but that was never really in doubt . 
   will british pensioners who live in france , spain , and portugal be allowed a postal ballot ? 
  broadly speaking , and assuming i recall correctly british , irish and commonwealth citizens , resident in the uk who are over 18 will be able to vote , and for those outside , it 'll be uk nationals who have lived overseas for less than 15 years and are registered . 
  although some of the most eurosceptic people i 've ever met have been pensioners in spain , so there is no guarantee that brits living and working in the eu are somehow a monolithic remain voting bloc ( although you 'd think they 'd be more supportive . . ) . 
   good . 
  uk citizens do not want free movement of eu citizens to apply in their country . 
  so of course uk citizens should n't be freely allowed to move around to work and study in eu either . 
  citizens of uk have plenty of opportunity in their own country and should stay there . 
  i want to see easy movement between the eu and uk , certainly visa free travel and the ability to study in other eu countries and for eu citizens to come to the uk too ( and others . . ) . 
  quite a lot of people in the eu support free movement and less restrictive migration to one degree or another too ... 
  whether or not they want to be part of the eu . 
  i would n't conflate opposition to the eu being entirely about free movement , certainly for many people that is n't even terribly relevant . 
   please do everybody a favor and vote to leave . 
  i 'm trying to get people to go that way , but we 'll see how it looks in a couple of months . . 
  there is pretty much nothing the eu could do to prevent the uk leaving , so i doubt very much that they 'd try . 
  i did . 
  which should be fairly self evident , and broadly a good thing , but it seems to have caused a lot of confusion on both sides . . 
  it 's almost as if people are only now realising that the uk does intend to leave if the vote goes that way . . 
   it does n't matter , if there are jobs on the market and the person is able to work , they should not be able to claim benefits except in very limited circumstances . 
  like , when they had just lost a job for example ? 
  that would seem sensible . 
  but of course we are talking about things like in work benefits too are n't we , tax credits for example , you get those when you are in work . 
  what about benefits like the state pension ? 
  or council tax benefit . 
  then there are things like cold weather payments , bereavement allowance , carer 's allowance , guardian 's allowance , maternity allowance , school uniform allowances , adoption pay , maternity pay , war pensions and no doubt a slew of other payments . . 
  some of those have no relevance to work . .  also , the idea of housing provision is a terrible waste of money , the state is basically giving free money to landlords , because if there were no housing provisions they would have no choice but to lower the prices to levels that working people , even those making minimum wage , would be able to afford without state support . 
  agreed , personally i think it worked better when the council owned housing , but hey . 
  what about her ? 
  she has 8 kids , the bulk of her benefits are tax relief and housing provision , it 's not like she is being handed # 26,000 in cash to blow each year , even then , you are talking about a tiny , tiny minority of people who receive benefits . .
