  unemployment is high in some eu states and not others . . 
  lets not take the ` unemployment is high ' narrative any further without something to indicate that it actually is , there are comparable statistics across the entire eu and you will note that in the countries that you specified ( esp germany . . ) unemployment by any measure is relatively high . .  people take jobs that underpay and are way below their skill level . 
  people with masters degree take bachelor jobs at lower pay , a bachelor takes a job from someone with a vet degree , and vet degrees can barely seek any kind of skilled employment and end up stuck doing jobs that high schoolers would normally be hired for . 
  now that is a massive issue , and it is a relatively new one . 
  the reason for that is less because there are n't jobs , but more that we have massively more people going through university now . 
  i honestly do n't know how to deal with that . . 
  there is a lot of work that simply does n't require a degree , there are jobs that in the past did n't require a degree that now suddenly do . . but there is no easy way of simply creating vast numbers of highly paid , high skill jobs for all the graduates out there ... 
  so you end up with very well qualified people doing jobs that are n't what they got their degree for , and are n't the jobs they really want . 
   labor is losing its value , fast , because the amount of people willing to work greatly exceeds the amount of work available . 
  high skilled jobs that used to be well paid in fields that are now saturated are certainly seeing pay drops ( and quality drops ) but other jobs , where there are fewer candidates ( esp trades . . ) seem to be doing pretty well . 
  and yes , over the last 6 years there has been significant wage stagnation , but the previous 10 were pretty good in places like germany and the uk ( costs fell , incomes rose ) . 
   why do you think employers can come up with ridiculous demands for entry level jobs , asking for five years of work experience or similar ? 
  because they will find someone highly overqualified to fill the position anyway , and they can offer him pennies to what his expected , normal wage should be . 
  they do n't . 
  some employers do , but again , most do n't . 
  yes employers will want the most qualified person at the lowest possible rate of pay ( go and join a union ... it helps . . ) but they generally ca n't get them . . young people are certainly disadvantaged at the moment though , older people are n't retiring ( thanks to the 2008 crash ) and there are vastly more qualified candidates than there were 10 years ago for the jobs people want ( i.e. 
  well paid , skilled . . ) . 
   to your other points , i simply do n't agree . 
  perhaps it 's because i fundamentally disagree with you on the reality of the labor market . 
  fair enough , although i 'm not sure about how one ` disagrees ' because they do n't like the numebrs . .  but i 'm going to refer to the u.s. again : competing on workers rights or taxes should n't happen because it starts a race to the bottom . 
  we compete now and have in the past , the problem i have with this notion is that you seem to think the only direction of travel is down , yet we clearly managed to improve workers rights , working conditions , pay and a large number of other things in a competitive environment . . we did that through the labour movement , through political activism and all the rest of it . 
  now you seem to be suggesting that we should n't do that , we should harmonise now to prevent a slide into oblivion , ignoring the fact that it also kills innovation and any possibility of improvement at the same time . . 
  the rich get richer because they 're being buttered up with lower tax rates , while the gaps in the government budget are met with increased taxes on the working classes ( that are already earning lower and lower incomes every passing year ) , or by simply cutting social services . 
  this is an interesting position to take because it does n't really match up with reality either . . take the uk ( or germany ) as an example , is public spending lower ? 
  are tax rates on low and middle income families rising ? 
  in both cases the answer is no . . 
  there has been a change in priorities that i fundamentally disagree with , there has been a change in where government investment has been going and there have been tax changes that i am really not a fan of , but to claim that tax cuts for the rich have been paid for by tax rises for the poor and cuts in public services simply does n't match the actual picture . 
  yes ... 
  it is . 
   considering unemployment levels are astronomically high across the eu right now ( even in germany ) ... 
  they are n't though are they ? 
  the uk unemployment rate is at around 5.4 % , that 's actually relatively low if you look at the last 30 years . 
  it 's 4.7 % in germany again , relatively low . 
  france has always had relatively more unemployment so the current rate of around 10 % is n't actually as high as it sounds ... interestingly , the eu as a whole has an unemployment rate of about 9.5 % at the moment whilst the eurozone has a higher level of unemployment ( as a subset of the eu . . ) at around 11 % ...  taking into account that those figures are always totally politized and not at all representative of the actual level of unemployment , there really is n't much of a reason to demand `` competition . 
  the figures are based on fairly well agreed measures , you can argue that there is a push towards self employment or that there have been policy measures to try and drop out of work benefit claims , but the process of calculating the unemployment rate tends to be divorced from that ( which is why you hear different stats , like numbers in employment , number of jobseekers etc. . rather than the base rate . . ) . 
   workers are n't needed ( or wanted , really ) in most eu countries . 
  this is where it starts to get a bit daft . 
  of course there is a need for workers in the eu . 
  there is a lower need than there has been , that demand is changing and i think there is a risk with automation and other tech advances that we will see more unemployment ( or economically disengaged individuals . . ) . 
  but there is still significant demand for skilled and unskilled workers . . 
  politically work is important too . .  you can look to the u.s. for an example . 
  the red states are cannibalizing each other and performing worse , economically , almost year after year - their upsides tend to arise from ( you guessed it ) eating business from their neighbours . 
  it absolutely destroys entire regions . 
  you can look to the us , but i do n't think you 'd get very far ... 
  i think the point to remember is that eu states do compete on taxes , on workers and union rights and on a host of other things.there is no pan eu minimum wage , the eu wide worker protections are often exceeded by eu states too . 
  yet there is massive income disparity between eu states , there are massive differences in development and there is a brain drain now . . and you could n't solve it through harmonisation because it simply would n't work right now ( well , not without eu federalisation , massive fiscal transfers and so on . . ) . 
   honestly , it 's already appalling that we allow it for taxes , but it will serve as a good reminder : luxembourg has been helping large corporations dodge their taxes across the eu by offering 1 % rates to mncs . 
  is this really what you want ? 
  that just increases the tax burden on you and me , or reduces social services for you and me . 
  the solution to that is legislation targeting tax havens ( there is some of that out there already ) and obviously national tax systems that do n't have large holes in them . . 
  the issue is n't the tax rate levied by a particular country or other , the problem is when companies can pay that rate on income from countries where they should be paying more . 
   end of the day , it is not good to have this kind of competition between governments . 
  because labor has next to no value , but capital has far too much . 
  we do need competition between governments on legislation , we do want governments to try to find better ways of doing things and more attractive ways of working . 
  we do want governments working for investment and all the rest of it - what we do n't need is governments handing over the tax system to large corporates or failing to raise funds to do what they are asked to do by tax payers ... 
  there is no reason why they should ( they could now and they generally do n't . . ) . 
  that 'll make it fun in the context of the common travel area . . 
   berlusconi called merkel `` an unfuckable lard-arse '' . 
  what was the reaction . 
  was there any effect on germany 's or italy 's gdp ? . 
  did life in any way change for the citizens of germany or italy ? . 
  there was plenty of reactions and absolutely no policy changes . 
  indeed . 
  but it 's a little different when you have comments being made by say eu officials in the run up to a referendum , or an election . 
  or indeed where you have inflammatory statements made by parties negotiating a bail out deal ... 
  it does have an impact and it does harm trust . .  if you look at the major divides in this subreddit you will see the national governments responding individually . 
  this is because there is no consensus between eu states . 
  agreed , and that 's right . . 
  but there also tends to be a push ( within this subreddit and within the groups of european federalists . . ) to use crises to create structures and revise policy . 
  that 's bad and arguably ineffective now given the size of the eu . .  migration is the big question facing the eu at the moment . 
  the uk will not tolerate high levels of mass immigration . 
  germany and others have decided they can . 
  there is no eu wide consensus . 
  therefore eu policy is void and it falls back on national governments . 
  indeed , but perception will still be important as will public statements aimed at domestic audiences ( which are almost always picked up by other eu members as the ` real ' or clear position . ), 
  it 's a bit absurd , but it is a reality when dealing with the eu - potentially another casualty of the whole union without political union thing . . but i digress . 
   for me this is the system working . 
  countries that are willing to take migrants will take them and countries that are not wo n't . 
  i think the actual migration issue is less of a problem than the impact on trust within the union , coming hard on the heels of the greek crisis probably does n't help , but it is another issue where it seems clear that there is less unity than one might have hoped for . 
   i do n't know who said it but my favourite response to what the eu is is that it 's there to take the blame . 
  very very true !, 
   i think your placing too much emphasis on what people are saying . 
  well , no i 'm talking about what people are saying , what they are saying and what they can actually do are obviously two very different things . 
  but if they say one thing for domestic audiences and for the groups that support them they have to realise that this may well cause a reaction abroad and from those that do n't . . plus , we do have several different agendas being pushed at the moment , if there is no progress that will do as much damage as too much progress . . 
  essentially i think the eu is currently facing some serious risks because very few people seem to be able to articulate what it actually is , rather than what they 'd like it to be . . 
   the us used to be called these united states not the united states . 
  i think that most eu states are actively resisting closer integration into a federation because of the example of the us . 
  i think there are different approaches coming from different countries . 
  the multi-speed europe thing . 
  that seems to piss off those wanting full federalisation now quite a bit and results in the kind of ` well if they wo n't do it lets force them or kick them out ' comments we see here , it 's essentially anti-democratic rubbish , but its a reasonably common sentiment . 
  it 's also very damaging when it comes from official national or eu sources ( like say , junker . . ) . 
  fair enough . . 
  although it 's not as though there is n't truck traffic between schengen and non-schengen countries now , or that it was n't perfectly possible before . 
  i am however beginning to wonder if some of the people who have lived largely only when there were n't border checks in place have any real understanding of what it was like before . . 
  i mean , i used to cross from germany to the netherlands quite regularly ( at straelen iirc ) and frankly even then the issues with traffic generally outweighed the additional time from the border crossing . . 
  it 's better without them , but they really are n't the end of the world either . 
   should have been more specific , i meant fiscally . 
  the eu is a slower version of a federation when it comes to money . 
  again , i 'd disagree there is no direction of travel toward anything approaching the us system , there are still several eu members with no intention of joining a single currency , never mind signing up to any sort of unified fiscal policy . 
   also laws and courts can be debated as , de facto , eu laws have ways to be forced imti national law without an actual enforcement mechanism .
