  nato is n't directed by the us , the us simply makes the largest single contribution to nato . 
  and yes , eu states could get together to seek other options , but the pretence that this might allow them to direct matters without working to match the us capacity to project power is bizarre and again , they can no more do that through the eu than they can through nato as many of the same divergent interests apply . 
  germany , france and the uk do n't even have convergent interests in a fair number of areas of foreign policy , what would make an eu member state think that they 'd be able to push their own positions within a larger eu organisation ? 
   this has nothing to do with grandstanding and everything with the fact that ongoing refugee crisis and severe security threat that it presents and has already manifested in paris attacks is being pointedly ignored by both us and turkey . 
  this has everything to do with grandstanding and is utterly irrelevant to the refugee crisis ( which an eu army would have no role to play in ) and utterly irrelevant to terrorism too ( which again , is n't dealt with through the military , but through intelligence and police services ... ) . 
  an eu army is n't going to defend the eu from refugees ... a coherent border policy and security arrangements for schengen countries might help there . 
   with turkey pointedly continuing with the political path that lead to the attacks , other options have to be considered driven by simply necessity of reality on ground . 
  this is why france went to russia for help instead . 
  effectively it 's a case of desperation mixed with frustration . 
  this is the most amusing part though . 
  the uk , france , germany and any number of other eu states have all taken very different approaches to the war in syria , there is no nato driven operation in place regarding syria , there would n't be an eu one either given where the objections lie . 
  if you are assuming that there would be some eu wide consensus that could either be forged , or forced , by having an eu army , you have to be kidding yourself . 
  do you seriously think that the eu could act on some sort of eu foreign policy and deploy eu forces in the area if it had them , over the objections of its own members ? 
  it could n't which means in your chosen example , an eu army would do absolutely nothing whatsoever to change the situation on the ground or the perceived threats to the eu . 
  agreed - although it is the reuters title . 
  there is a rather interesting question in there is n't there ... would an ` eu army ' , lets say one that ended up being structured like a federalists wet dream ( so one answerable to the eu as a replacement to those of member states ) attract people in the same way that national armed forces do ? 
  if i consider the people i know in the army and air force in the uk , they seem to overlap quite heavily with people who do n't like the eu all that much . . 
  i think it 'd be a far harder sell to get people to volunteer for a force that is responsible to the eu , rather than one responsible to a country if for no other reason than the utter lack of a real eu identity ... granted there are a core of eu nationalists who might well join up , but i sort of doubt it , and obviously ` transferring ' members of national armed forces to an eu army , whilst looking great on paper , would be a bit of a catastrophe in practice given all of them will have given an oath to their member states / governments / people / constitution or sovereigns . . 
  relevant bit from the article :  washington has warned brussels against granting china ` market economy status ' , saying the long-sought trade concession could hamper efforts to prevent chinese companies flooding us and european markets with unfairly cheap goods . 
   achieving market economy status ( mes ) at the world trade organisation is one of china 's core strategic goals . 
  among other benefits , it would make it far more difficult for the us or eu to impose steep tariffs on chinese companies for unfairly dumping low-cost goods on their markets.washington has warned brussels against granting china ` market economy status ' , saying the long-sought trade concession could hamper efforts to prevent chinese companies flooding us and european markets with unfairly cheap goods . 
   achieving market economy status ( mes ) at the world trade organisation is one of china 's core strategic goals . 
  among other benefits , it would make it far more difficult for the us or eu to impose steep tariffs on chinese companies for unfairly dumping low-cost goods on their markets . 
  [ more via google ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=us+warns+europe+over+granting+market+economy+status+to+china&amp;sa=x&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=675&amp;source=univ&amp;tbm=nws&amp;tbo=u&amp;ved=0ahukewjkna2onv_jahvi9x4khrubdx8qsqqiiw ), 
   no , the point is that regardless of eu interests being unified , turkish interests as stated in the article are in direct opposition to them . 
  even if we assume that 's entirely accurate , us interests are n't . 
  and lets face it , that assumption is flawed too , there are significant areas of overlap between the interests of eu members/nato members and those of turkey ( which is why turkey is still in nato . . ) . 
  there are currently issues ( there have always been , you picked out greece as an example , and i think its fair to say that there are serious conflicts in terms of security requirements between greece and turkey ) . 
   it 's certainly a fact that greece has a whole different set of security priorities to those of germany , or france or poland . 
  but turkey 's current policies pose a significant danger to all of their interests , and nato is just as crippled as it was during greek-turkish war , which forces european states to seek alternative power structures to deflect the threat . 
  nato is n't designed to deal with internal issues to start with and , whilst natos mandate has been stretched and skewed since the end of the cold war it still represents a significant defensive capability for europe . 
  a european army on the other hand , whilst it might be more useful to some member states , is currently pretty undefined . 
  indeed , if you look at the arguments made for such a thing , they are practically schizophrenic , it 'd save money when we integrate r&d , procurement , training , logistics and command structures , whilst not harming the operational independence of individual member states , it 'd somehow be both subject to individual states ( so as not to subvert sovereignty ) whilst simultaneously being a vehicle to promote eu foreign and security policy ... 
  so many of those things are in conflict , or doable far more effectively without some sort of eu army that it seems less of a means to provide an alternative to nato that is more in line with eu priorities , and more of a political tool to create a largely paper tiger in the interests of eu grandstanding ... 
  how is that relevant ? 
  yes the eu could collectively save money on r&d and development if it unified its procurement processes , but that is only a part of what makes up effectiveness and i 'd add that us procurement is hardly the most efficient part of the us military either ( and costs are often far higher ) . 
  my point is you ca n't really compare the eu ( which is a collection of countries with independent armed forces , some good , some poor , some large , some small ... ) with the us in terms of effectiveness . . 
   i make no such assumption . 
    that us and turkish interests in nato are currently in direct conflict with priorities of eu . 
  i read that as ` us and turkish interests in nato being in direct conflict with the priorities of the eu ' which i took to imply a set of unified eu priorities , rather than a set of diverse priorities and interests belonging to individual member states . . my point was that they are n't a set of eu priorities and clearly certain member states feel their interests are not in conflict with the us/turkey or nato ( whether one or more . . ) . 
  i do n't think it 's that controversial , but its also incredibly misleading and you ca n't really do an eu/us comparison . 
  for example france and the uk are very efficient militarily in terms of their expenditure , but that is n't simply because of their current spend , it 's because they have spent that money each year , for years and years . 
  much like the us . 
  it is n't the current us defence budget that is relevant , it is the spending over decades in training , r&d and so on . 
  simply throwing money at the issue wo n't make a military as effective as the us for the same money , it takes a long term investment ( and to start off with that would be massively more expensive than what the us has to deal with . . ) . 
  the eu has some great military forces , but they are n't eu forces and they likely never will be . . 
  you make the assumption that eu priorities are homogeneous and unified , which they are n't any more than nato and the eu 's are . 
  having an ` eu army ' wo n't solve that problem , but it 'd create a few more . 
   so what if your ex happens to be an artist who can easily reproduce nude images of you ? 
  i assume nothing , you 'd be back to the same arguments ( harassment and privacy ) that existed before this kind of legislation . 
  which i assume means that you 'd have real difficulty doing anything about it ... 
  but then i suppose one could argue that the issue is n't painters painting nudes of their partners and publishing them , but related to photos taken . .  if you want to prohibit publishing naked images of people without their consent just state that outright instead of mucking about with some of the most intimate memories of people . 
  agreed . 
  depending on jurisdiction , you already ca n't do things like use the image of a person to infer support for a product ( commercial use / / . ), 
  without consent , and in almost every instance i can think of where a nude photo would be used or taken outside of a relationship would involve a release anyway ... 
  it could be quite messy in theory and legislation could be abused if it is n't clear enough or if it is applied poorly . 
  personally i would argue that publication is the key point , but of course from the perspective of a potential victim , publication is far too late and having some control over the images taken would be desirable ... 
   you were never allowed to upload naked photos of someone without their consent , ex or not . 
  the reason that there was a push to legislate on revenge porn is because that 's not strictly accurate , although it may depend on where you are ... 
  there are various bits of legislation that might cover it , on the uk side that 'd be related to obscenity , harassment or potentially copyright , but not specifically and potentially not very well . 
  after all , there is nothing illegal about me taking a picture of you and publishing it without consent , even selling it or putting it on a t-shirt , i own the image and can use it in almost any way ( there are a few limitations , but not many . . ) . 
  the issue essentially would be around privacy and harm which i think is mostly what these new bits of legislation were for . 
   when the us does it , it is . . 
  when saudi arabia does it , it is . . 
  to be fair , amnesty calls everyone on it . 
  what people make of those reports , and how much weight they apply to them seems to depend on which country they are aimed at . 
  because it 's basically shorthand in the uk , which to a large extent sees ` europe ' as starting on the other side of the channel ... 
   honestly has anybody used/heard this word in real life ( in europe ) ? 
  in the uk certainly , although that 's hardly surprising given the origin . 
  not sure why it would n't be seen as reasonably common in english language discussions . 
  and as the bot says ` this is an automated message to remind you to please copy/paste ( rehost ) the articles contents so others can read it . 
  but it takes a minute to do so after posting . . 
  just taking the point on uber from the article , i get the impression that taxi services are so piss poor that uber seems like a significant step up in places like the us - that does n't seem to be the case in the uk ( where the service is worse , costs are about the same and so on . . ) and other places , so i 'm not sure that ` luddite ' is really applicable . 
  however , the approach the eu takes to regulation certainly is n't as helpful as it could be at times . . 
   and with the referendum on its way this comes as anti eu promotion to me . 
  so just to be clear , your view is that a pro-eu statement from the leader of a pro-european party , that also happens to be in opposition to the party that ( whilst also being broadly pro-eu ) set up the referendum in the first place , is anti-eu promotion ... ? 
  should be easier to get the eu out of the uk than i expected then . . 
   people believe strengthening member states is important but think that means weakening the eu , with opposite accusations thrown at those wanting integration . 
  absolutely . 
   we 've been fighting for fiscal union , border union , common foreign affairs and enhanced security cooperation not for the sake of a strong eu , but out of a belief nation-states have reached the limit of what they can achieve alone without fucking each other over . 
  i suppose the problem there is the way those unions have been sought and the minor issue that the project has n't brought along everyone who 'd be subject to them ( and you end up with a combination of bribes , opt outs and coercion that ultimately harm the union , rather than a slowing of the integrationist push . . ) . 
  i also think that there are issues with the motivations and ideologies that inform the notion that ` nation-states have reached the limit of what they can achieve alone without fucking each other over . ' . 
  you have one group of people who see european hegemony as necessary to prevent europe being swallowed by the us or china ( or russia apparently . . ) , yet another that see it as a way to maintain peace in europe , others simply want to tackle some larger issues collectively and stop weaker , or corrupt governments from being blockages to progress ... 
  yet the core point it has to be all or nothing , any attack on that ideal or idea , any change that does n't fit is unacceptable . 
  that means that change becomes incredibly hard and countries whose needs are n't being met by their membership , even the suggestion of leaving the common currency area , or the union as a whole are seen as a direct threat to the union regardless of the appropriateness for the member in question . 
  frankly that 's objectionable ( and aggressive eu nationalism would be hilarious if it were n't seen as somehow more acceptable than the national equivalent . . ) . 
  all in i 'd argue that it means that progress will stop even if the eu becomes more integrated , because you ca n't satisfy all the demands ... 
  essentially it becomes about the eu , rather than what the eu brings and it 'll continue to be abused , so we end up with a general push to deal with problems that can be solved locally , that can be different between states , at the eu level ... cooperation is great , we need to do it , but frankly nation states still have a major role to play and the eu certainly ins ' t going to change that . 
  well , yeah , he is . 
  which makes sense given his politics and general positions . 
  most things are scapegoats for politicians , but at the same time , it 's quite right to be sceptical about the eu and the eu does have some fairly major problems . 
  we ca n't ignore that and just write it off as some sort of political manoeuvring and an attempt to scapegoat it . . 
  i think we 've gotten to the point where there people fail to separate the benefits to member states and the benefits to the project as a whole . 
  so you end up in a situation were strengthening the eu ( as a group of institutions ) is more important than actually benefiting member states , or their citizens , with accusations of insufficient solidarity , or commitment levelled at those who disagree . . 
  the eu is supposed to be a mechanism to achieve a set of goals ( and people may disagree what they are , but still . . ) not the goal itself . . 
  aspiring tabloid journalist !, 
  he 's talking about the eu as a whole though , not the uk . 
   in theory the eu is about solidarity - member states helping each other in times of need as they would their own citizens ... 
  i 'm not sure that 's what the eu is about , and frankly i do n't think that 's the issue either . 
  you are right that the uk has tried to ensure that its membership of the eu has been in line with british interests and is beneficial to the uk , but then surely an eu that is n't beneficial to the uk would be one that the uk would be insane to be part of .
