  that does n't change the fact that there are arguments on the left and right for the uk to leave the eu . 
  the important part is the leaving bit , beyond that it comes down to uk governments , we currently have a conservative one , but that wo n't last for ever . . 
   i believe there were promises around tsr-2 , blue-streak and many other joint programs where the uk gave up something which may have become competitive to the us and received nothing in return . 
  there were , and that 's one of the reasons the uk has to be more careful in terms of defence cooperation with the us ( the us is keen to access uk research , but not keen to share . . ) , but to say there were no gains is untrue , the uk gained access and maintains access to us nuclear weapons ( and especially testing ) programmes and r&d in a number of areas . 
  to be honest , the biggest issue is that the uk seems very good at developing stuff , passing it to the us for shared development and then not having the defence budget to actually buy the finished article . 
  however , the point on us/uk defence sales is still fairly valid , the uk has better access to that market now without a trade deal than the eu would have even under ttip . 
   you are basing this on what exactly ? 
  negotiations are n't ruled by trust but by leverage . 
  the eu has far more weight than the uk could ever hope to achieve . 
  and shared interests . 
  the uk and us share a lot of those , and similar approaches to trade . 
  your assumption ( as with others in this thread ) is that any trade deal with the us is about what barriers you can keep and what advantages you can find rather than what barriers you can remove and how flat you can make the playing field . . 
  the eu has been trying and failing to create a global financial centre in continental europe for a long time , it has failed repeatedly to achieve that for some of the same reasons that the eu suffers slower innovation , a lack of start-up funding and a flight of entrepreneurs to the us . 
  hy would you assume that that would suddenly change when the uk leaves - more to the point , why on earth would you imagine that eu based companies , countries and people would cease to use the current number one financial centre in the world , to instead use ones that are n't even second rate ? 
  it makes absolutely no sense in the context of a brexit or otherwise !, 
  not sure how he sleeps at night , but last time i checked he was n't involved in government in the uk , so i 'm not sure how that is relevant . 
   ` free trade ' at the cost of national democracy ? 
  why would that free trade come at the cost of national democracy ? 
   but is n't that the case of ukip calling for a brexit ? 
  ukip are calling for brexit for a while host of reasons , many of them related to immigration , regulation and ` sovereignty ' ( they tend no to define the last one too much . . ) , but i 'm not sure why that bunch of muppets is terribly relevant to my point . . 
  they are after all hardly alone in calling for a brexit . 
  the difference between being part of the eu and having an fta with the eu ( or the us . . ) is the extent to which the eu has an impact on areas outside of trade , and the limits it puts on members in other areas ( or rather , that the eu exercises competencies across the eu related to activities that are not cross border . . ) . 
  to take on example , you do n't need to harmonise labour laws between two countries to have free trade , you do n't need to have shared fisheries policies , or a unified commercial policy either , you certainly do n't need to touch on things like culture , or development spending . 
   no , that 's not exactly what i 'm suggesting , but unless the americans are retarded ( which is sometimes true ) , i 'm sure they are prepared to make more concession for a market of $ 18.495 trillion , over a market of $ 2.945 trillion . 
  the goal is free trade , and reducing tariffs and non-tariff barriers . 
  the uk and us do n't need tariff barriers between their two economies and when it comes to non-tariff barriers , they are far less of an issue given the way the uk/us regulate ... 
  providing aid where it 's needed is hardly buying a good conscience . 
   there 's varying levels of nationalism on the subreddit with people using england , scotland , northern ireland , wales , basque , catalonia , etc. 
  as their flair instead of their country . 
  and of course a kind of aspirational nationalism , with people using either the eu flag , or earth ( or an no-longer used flag etc. . ) or something that expresses anti-nationalism . 
  it 's about identity after all . 
   the us would shove anything they like down your throat with little resistance now that eu is gone . 
  to like it or not , that 's up to debate . 
  why on earth would you believe that ? 
  are you really taking the position that the uk , without the eu would be unable to act at all in relation to the us ? 
  that 's almost as stupid as it is amusing to read . 
   so if british union can leave european union why scots ca n't leave british union and join ue as single organism ? 
  they can , as long as the eu is happy with that , and the scots want it . 
   and why catalonia-spain problem is brought up by you when it 's totally different story . 
  catalonia is part of spain as single country/organism . 
  scotland and england are n't . 
  because there were objections from spanish politicians about scotland gaining independence from the uk and then being allowed to join the eu . 
   catalonia is part of spain as single country/organism . 
  scotland and england are n't . 
  and currently scotland is part of the uk which is a unitary state , it is n't a federation ... 
  if scotland left the uk ( which it would have every right to decide to do ) then it could absolutely join the eu , if the eu agrees . 
  the same applies to catalonia , if it decided to pursue independence , there is no reason why it should n't look to the eu if that is what catalonians want ... 
  you realise of course that leaving the eu is n't just a right wing endeavour ? 
  you are aware that the traditional opposition to the eu has come from the left and even now a lot of the non-migration related arguments come from that side , not the right ? 
  at present the right wing of uk politics , from the conservatives through to ukip may well be the most vocal , on issues like migration and free-movement , but there is far from unanimous support of the eu on the left . . 
   unfortunately the odds that the uk will leave the eu are small they are smaller than i 'd like , but not small any more . 
  if you take the bookmakers as a guide , you 'll note they are broadly shortening too . .  but in his defense the odds the uk would leave the common market are even smaller . 
  and some way down the line even then . 
  i do n't agree , but it 's interesting to see the reasoning . 
  probably most amusingly though :  european economics commissioner pierre moscovici said on thursday that the eu executive was not including the possible effects of a `` no '' vote in britain into its latest economic forecasts because it was not a scenario that was `` in our mind '' . 
  you 'd think the prospect of a very large chunk of your economy no-longer being part of that economy might need a little forward planning , but hey . 
  relevant bit : * berlin -- sales of new electric vehicles in the european union more than doubled last year , boosted by government incentives driving growth in the netherlands , europe 's market leader . 
  * i ca n't find a better , non-paywalled article ( sorry ! ), 
  but that 's the gist anyway !, 
   still having them in the eu is as i think counter-productive . 
  it certainly would be if the eu wants to continue on integrating politically and socially as well as economically . 
  if anything the potential ( and i 'd argue , entirely manageable . . ) threat to the eu posed by the uk leaving is vastly smaller to that integrationist plan than the uk remaining in the uk would be . 
  it really depends on what other eu states ( and of course people in the uk ) want of course , but i do wonder what the reaction will be if the uk decides to remain in the eu , but essentially stall further union ( which lets face it , it can do , and politically in the uk at least is fairly likely ) . 
  there is a strange geocentricism sometimes when people look at this issue , the notion that if the city fails ( for whatever reason ) that obviously the winner will be frankfurt , paris or ireland because they happen to be geographically in the same region , when realistically it 'd probably be a gain for new york and the other major financial centres . 
   what i mean is that european countries should be able to decide what sort of economic model they follow ( american style capitalism , total socialism , or a mix of the two ) as their people choose . 
  i 'd argue they do , the problem is that you ca n't be part of a global economy playing by different rules , you sort of have to shift the rules collectively , or have something that is different but meshes with how other countries work . 
  otherwise you cut yourself off from the rest of the world . 
  we 've seen that over the last century + , they broadly come up as protectionist measures rather than entirely different approaches to economics , but they exist , even minor aspects , like having fixed currency exchanges do n't really work if everyone else is doing something different . 
   if the us insists on having a voice in the politics and economic decisions of ancient , sovereign european states , europe should demand a voice on how the us governs itself . 
  it sort of does , ttip and any other treaty is a negotiated thing . 
  the us will be giving up some aspects to gain the things they want in the eu . 
  the eu on the other hand is n't going to hand trade advantages off to the us for no reason either . 
  the point of course is that the us has more leverage because of its relationships with other countries , as well as the dollar whilst so far the eu has n't been able to match that ( and the us is n't going to help ... ) . 
  so you end up with a somewhat distorted relationship , not to mention that eu countries all have different aspirations and needs , some of which are protectionist or otherwise going to require concessions to the us to be maintained ... 
  on the plus side it 'd be a deal that is better tailored to our economy , on the negative side , it might be better tailored to the us needs in relation to our economy too . . to be honest , on balance , that 's probably better for the uk generally ( given the uk/us approach to regulation and the similar approach we have to legal issues ) but it would also create issues in areas like ip legislation where you 'd have another , hard to change domestically , barrier in place . . 
   if barriers are put in place , like higher taxes for non-eu transactions , the city will lose a lot of business . 
  it probably wo n't stop being a big financial center , but it will surely diminish in favor of other eu financial centers . 
  if non-eu transactions are taxed , eu financial markets will be at a massive disadvantage when compared to any other market . 
  that wo n't harm the city , it 'll severely damage the eu in rather a lot of ways . 
  and that 's before the us , china and any other large non-eu financial players decided it was protectionism and threw their own restrictions on eu finance . 
   being an eu member gives the uk privilege status when it comes to eu policy making , including financial policy . 
  it does , but it also means that the eu has certain privileges and potential to act with regard to the city and the uk on its non-eu trade . 
  that would end in both directions . 
   there are already plenty of alarming articles on what would happen to london in case of brexit . . 
  there is a lot of talk either way , but on balance it seems most likely that there will be very little damage either way , because it is in everyone 's interests not to cause undue harm . 
  not quite - sovereign immunity varies by country ( both as to the protection of the government of that country and what actions can be taken by citizens against foreign governments ) . 
  and its not so much that being able to sue should be seen as an attack on sovereignty , but rather being able to sue for damages incurred through a government exercising its sovereignty . 
   it has n't happened because the uk is part of the single market , eurozone membership really does n't affect that , leaving the eu probably will . 
  there is no reason why it would . . 
  the uk is n't suddenly going to vanish , the services it provides are still needed and there are n't decent alternatives ... 
  the existence of the city is n't predicated on the single market any more than it is on the eu generally . . 
  lets face it , there were arguments that hong kong would significantly decline as a financial centre under chinese control post 1997 , and that did n't happen either . 
   london is without a doubt a global financial center and while it was n't created by the eu , it 's propped up by the fact that it services , without many artificial hurdles , the $ 14 trillion eu economy . 
  and that economy is n't going away , the city provides access to global markets , the eu is n't going to want to separate itself from those markets , and does n't need to , it is also going to want to continue to have access to other global markets . 
  so far no-one has actually managed to explain why the city would suddenly cease to be a global financial centre with the uk outside of the eu , but why other financial centres do well even when they are in smaller , non-aligned countries . . and lets face it the geographic argument is nonsense given what the city does . 
  the dollar helps quite a bit , but i think the key point is probably the somewhat benevolent liberalisation when dealing with similar economies , that means you end up with a lot of support and can do what the us is doing in building essentially a new global normal in several places at the same time . 
  it wo n't be forever though , and i do n't think it has gone as well as the us might have hoped ... 
  but for those hoping the eu might be in the same position as the us is , i think they have to realise that it is about far more than just market size or population , it has taken the us decades to get here . 
  right , may not have been you then . 
  there was a story yesterday about opposition to the ics ( the court approach ) from german judges , that looks like it might kill ( at least without significant changes ) the current approach - which is better than isds , but still somewhat questionable .
