  is a bit shitty and you should expect people to get annoyed . .  further , you should n't only help people after they 've suffered ( more ) . 
  that 's sociopathic . 
  i think the point is less that you should only help people after they 've suffered and more that if you have a lower standard of living that people in greece currently , you might well feel that money going to support greece might be better spent and have a more positive impact locally given you are already suffering more than the greeks ( even if that is seen as the normal . . ) . 
  it 's hard to see that as sociopathic . 
   first of all , that percentage is debt to gdp ratio is n't it ? 
  so rise or fall of gdp is tied to the sustainability of the debt . 
  it is , but lets face it , greece would need 5 % gdp growth for 5 years to get their debt to gdp ratio to 100 with their current debt load ( it 's projected to grow ) . 
  the more important factor is probably government revenues and exactly what greece 's economy looks like at the end of this year ( the current situation on the ground ca n't be helping the greek economy . . ) . 
   that means that some debt forgiveness is inevitable , either pre - or post-default . 
  but i believe that you are going to see a lot more of your money back if you make the debt sustainable whilst avoiding a default . 
  now that is obviously true , the question really is who is going to be holding the bag on the debt that is cut , and whether there will be knock ons that have an impact outside of greece over the next few months and years . 
   you think that merkel is just stupid ? 
  no i do n't ...  you think her knowledge of bnd collaboration with the cia is an accident ? 
  no , i think that it 's a problem but i do n't think it 's an accident . 
   do you think putin invading crimea is just an isolated thing ? 
  i do n't think it 's part of some wider plan to invade the rest of europe , i 'd argue it 's a fairly specific thing , but obviously it 's part of russia 's current foreign policy which is somewhat coherent ( some of the time anyway . . ) . 
   the cold war did not end , and russian relationships with east germans in high positions of power did n't just vanish with the wall . 
  yes i know , but i do n't see what that has to do with anything , this is n't about germany vs russia , this is about us espionage against the german government . 
  the us is n't just spying on people who might favour russia after all ...  unless that foreign interest is the one that rebuilt them against communism , who 've they 've been working shoulder to shoulder with from the end of the second world war through reunification , and who have capabilities and political coverage for spying on reunified politicians and business interests they do not . 
  the us does not own germany . 
  the us is not some altruistic father figure , it made use of germany after wwii and during the cold war and yes , that may have benefited those in west germany to some extent ( although broadly speaking i would argue that it pushed the us position more than anything else and maintained the us buffer ... ) . 
   this makes perfect goddamn sense , how are you not seeing it ? 
  how are you not seeing that this poses a threat to germany now ? 
   between the russians and the west , who do you think merkel believes germany belongs with ? 
  and who do you think she 's worried certain politicians and business magnates and government officials older than 25 years old think germany belongs with ? 
  and if it were just about russia and opposing russia this would all make sense , but it is n't is it . 
  the us is spying on an ally because that ally has sat in opposition to us positions in the past , and will likely continue to do so in the future . 
  this is a country that has been very unhappy with the way the us has acted internationally and said so . 
  and you are making it all about russia ? 
   why would n't the us be interested in a strong german economy and vice versa . 
  why would the us want german companies getting contracts a us company could get ? 
  arms sales , aerospace , agribusinesses and so on ( and that 's just a 's ... ) are areas where the us and germany compete ... 
  the us worked very hard from wwii onward to promote it 's own growth and industry over everyone else 's . 
  the euro poses a potential threat to the us too ( in terms of competing with the dollar as a world currency ) . . 
  there are any number of areas where the us would prefer to see germany not do as well as it might . .  as for ideas i do n't see the ideologies promoted by the us as too distinct from those promoted by germany . 
  really ? 
  the us and germany have n't seen eye to eye on any number of issues , syria ? 
  libya ? 
  even iraq and afghanistan and latterly iran and russia too . 
   i simply do n't see why you 'd bet on that . 
  no country is interested in having weak allies , so they will mostly restrain themselves from acting in an ally 's detriment . 
  and no country wants their allies to compete too hard with them , or in the case of the us , work to unseat them from their fairly powerful global position . . not to mention that alliances change , relations can cool . . 
  yes . . we 've seen several states use corruption to influence the direction of other countries ( allies and others . . ) . 
   on the other hand corruption , is the use of money , given directly or indirectly , in order to persuade a politician to do something he would not do otherwise . 
  and if you believe that in a democracy politicians usually defend their people 's interest , corruption is likely a means to persuade a politician to act against the interests of his people . 
  are you suggesting that the us , as a benign ( ha ! ), 
  ally of germany is somehow more likely to act in the interest of german people than german politicians are ? 
  the us is likely to use evidence or suggestions of corruption , or imply or potentially even fake it to get it 's own way , that has been done all over the world ... is there any reason to believe that the us does n't use the same tactics it uses in other countries with it 's eu allies ( i mean , clearly they see germany as worthy of surveillance , why not intervention ? 
   given the west german history with the us and rebuilding and being the frontier against the ussr/warsaw pact from 1945 up until 1990-1994 when reunification and then eastern bloc defection started happening , you think the cooperation between germans and americans on spying on ` german ' politicians and business interests is an accident ? 
  i 'm slightly bemused by this . 
  germany had allied troops on the ground for a long time ( still does , albeit at a much reduced number ) . 
  it was n't a state with an independent foreign policy for a fair portion of time and so on . . german and allied intelligence services cooperated , and indeed allied ones operated as they saw fit in germany ... now however , germany is part of a bloc that rivals the us and has interests that do n't match those of the us , in fact they are in conflict economically . 
  why would germany now enable us intelligence gathering against it 's own government ? 
  it is not in the interests of the german government for the us to infiltrate it or spy on its members ...  this is the level of close relationships and professional and ideological history german has to deal with on energy and politics vis a vis russia , let alone schroeder . 
  and ? 
  so german intelligence agencies should be interested , likely are in fact . 
  that does n't mean that they should be enabling a foreign power to conduct operations on their soil . . like i said , you 'd hardly want to enable a foreign government to be able to put pressure on members of your own government . . 
   do you think it 's impossible the german government , post reunification would n't be very interested in what kind of connections were maintained between the former soviet union and the entire east german apparatchik ? 
  absolutely !, 
  it should be very aware ... 
  it probably should n't be too pleased at the notion of a foreign power like the us knowing and potentially abusing that information to further its interests though . 
  and obviously the german government should be very keen not to enable a foreign power in spying and quite possibly to use whatever indications of espionage it finds to strengthen its own defences . . 
   that means there is significant overlap between the interests of the german people and the interests of the american people . 
  it means that they have some joint interests , not that there is significant overlap in their interests . 
  i 'd point out that they compete in essentially every area and that obviously the us and germany have respective interests in promoting their own industries , services , ideals ideas and so on . 
   what i 'm simply pointing out is that at the point when the spying is thought to have begun , that overlap might have been greater than the overlap between the interests of the german chancellor and the circle of people around him and the interests of the german people . 
  which is absolutely absurd ... 
  the interests of the us were those of the us they may , or may not have overlapped with the interests of germany , but i would be willing to bet that any advantage sought would have been for the us to the detriment of germany . . 
   i also highly suspect that the us government might be far more concerned with the interest of europe and the interest of germany than a german government led by such a man . 
  the us is concerned in its own interests , that 's pretty much the be all and end all . 
  it has an interest in what germany does , but in the context of what it means for the us ... 
  it is also perfectly reasonable for the us to spy on the german government and any other government out there , what is n't reasonable is for the government being spied on to facilitate it , or to facilitate the spying on its own citizens ... 
  i do n't give a flying fuck if the us is spying on isis supporters , communists , capitalists , pro-russian politicians , anti-american politicians or whatever in germany , but the german government should . 
  the german government should be protecting itself and its citizens , not enabling the violation of those citizens . 
  it may be ( as you point out ) important for the us to know if the chief of the german government has a nice job awaiting him in gazprom , but it is far , far more important that the german government make it hard for the us to know about it . 
  i 'd probably also argue that the german government should be gathering as much information as it can about people of interest in the us and in the us government if the us is carrying out that kind of activity in germany . . after all it is in the interests of the german government to know what the us is doing and how it impacts german interests ... 
   there is a difference between representing a country as elected president of a democratic nation , and between speaking for a whatever large group of people . 
  when you represent a country as an elected presudent , you are speaking for that country ...  the latter requires their continued agreement/consent , while the former requires to win a vote that takes place in regular intervals of a length determined by the constitution of the country . 
  elected leaders are never speaking for everyone in a large group , even when they are incredibly popular people will disagree with them on particular issues and the reverse ( ish ) is true too , incredibly unpopular leaders can speak for a much larger proportion of the people they represent than would normally support them on particular issues . . 
  the reason we have elected representatives is because you ca n't generally find one person to represent everyone , happily having someone elected solves that problem both in a symbolic sense and in a practical sense ...  that does however not mean that he speaks for all of them , ie that his opinions are their opinions and vice versa . 
  in fact as polls indicate he does not speak for the overwhelming majority of the populace . 
  again , the polls show that people do n't think he 's doing a good job . 
  they do not show that he does not speak for an overwhelming majority of the populace , or anything else in that regard . .  this means that the relations between his government and other governments are not representative of the relationship of the people of france with another government , or with another people . 
  the people of france have their relationships with other governments via their own , so it absolutely is representative of that . 
  the people in germany and the people in france are both represented by governments , that is the only way they interact , below that it is individual contact so . . 
  yes , actually he represents france to germany and so on . .  and since the people are ultimately what makes the country and not their elected government ... 
  the people are sovereign , the governments they elect ( also made of people . . ) are absolutely what makes their country on the international stage . 
  governments represent the people that elect them ... that is the whole point . 
   ... they will have to wait for a bit longer to get rid off due to the inherent and necessary inflexibility of democratic systems on that matter hollandes government creating a rift with other governments does not necessary translate to france as a country having a rift with them . 
  actually yes it does , until the government changes at least . 
  this is the reality of intergovernmental relationships and pretending that somehow it all does n't count because of the current opinion polls is beyond absurd . 
  moreover , apart from the very likely position that hollande will not be re-elected , you have absolutely no idea who will , or what the french civil service , the various advisers and ministries and so on are pressing for . . france is acting on its interests , that may change somewhat but you have to be pretty daft to think it 's all about hollande ... 
   he does not represent them even now , because as it is right now , the french public overwhelmingly disapproves of him representing them , as indicated by the approval ratings . 
  he represents them right now , he 's their elected president ... that 's how representative democracies work . .  as such his word does not qualify as speaking for the french public , but only for his own administration . 
  he 's the fucking president of france , he 's the head of state , his word is absolutely the voice of the people and republic in any official sense . . christ , there are plenty of perfectly democratic countries where governments are n't elected by majorities , where approval ratings rise and fall , it does n't invalidate their governments or positions when that is the case ...  any rift between governments does as such not become a rift between the people and , following that , does not automatically translate into one between the countries . 
  the rift is between governments representing people , it is between countries . 
  again , just because a president has a low approval ratings , does n't suddenly mean he no longer executes the duties of the office he 's been elected to and as president , he is there to represent france ... 
   true although to be fair to the op hollande 's ratings have been terrible almost ever since he was elected . 
  agreed , but he was elected , which is sort of the point . 
  absolutely right !,
