  and i 'd obviously give the french to votes , because they are nicer than the germans . 
   okay man . 
  now change eurozone into sterling zone . 
   change euro into sterling . 
   change uk into any other eu country . 
  ok : * the point here is that the uk needs the ability to support sterling , but some of the things it needs to do might harm other countries who also have to be able to support their own currencies . 
  * i 've done that in the above paragraph ... 
  i do n't think the uk should be able to use the eu to force it to adopt measures that support sterling to the detriment of the euro either ... 
  the point of course being that eurozone members are in a majority in the eu , and sterling users are in a distinct minority of one . . that said , i do n't think the uk should be able to dictate monetary policy either , and i do think the eurozone should be able to act in its interests . 
   so other eu countries should have a say in how uk does its things . 
  i 'm literally saying the uk should n't have a say in how the eurozone countries act and the eurozone countries should n't have a say in how the non-eurozone countries act in this area . . 
  mine ? 
  i 'd rather the uk was n't in the eu ... 
  beyond that i think the eu , if its working toward closer union needs better decision making processes , that probably means qmv or something closer to a real executive . 
  but i 'd rather not be part of that . 
   last i heard , the demand was for a veto right blocking eu legislation on uk decision . 
  there are various different things , i 'm sure some people would prefer to see consensus required for all decisions ( which gives everyone a defacto veto ) . 
  with this it was n't though . . 
  although i would n't be surprised if a tabloid or two ( on the pro- or anti- side ) used ` veto ' instead of a more nuanced term though . 
   depends if this means that non-eurozone countries have to all agree to a veto , or a majority of them or some number of them ? 
  i ca n't remember what the set up was , but it was n't a majority requirement . 
   the person gave the example of clearing houses . 
  do you tell the us where to put its clearing houses ? 
  no , but then i 'm not part of the us , the uk is part of the eu . 
  the point here is that the eurozone needs the ability to support the euro , but some of the things it needs to do might harm other countries who also have to be able to support their own currencies . 
  so rather than having eurozone countries use the eu to pass rules that apply to the eu as a whole , the idea would be that if those rules would harm non-euro countries they would have to be passed in a manner that only applied to the euro countries . 
  that is n't unreasonable and quite sensible really . 
  the uk wants to be in a position to prevent the eurozone countries acting in concert , against the interests of the non-eurozone countries , by providing a mechanism to require consensus , or limited applicability of regulations ( to the eurozone ) . 
  the idea being that the eurozone can go do their own thing , but not take everyone else with them . . 
  iirc , the solution from the uk side was to give non-eurozone states what amounted to a collective veto , that forced the eurozone to find a consensus . 
  if a consensus could n't be found , the eurozone could still act , but only across the eurozone . 
   uk can pass any legislation that might disadvantage france . 
  you do n't see france asking for a veto right . 
  the uk ca n't pass legislation that will disadvantage france , in france . 
  the eurozone could pass legislation that benefits the eurozone , but applies to the whole eu . 
  no , by removing eurozone power over the entire eu , but ensuring that the eurozone can act as a discrete , if smaller bloc . 
  that actually does make sense , it 's the ` regulate for yourselves if you have to , but do n't apply it to everyone ' approach . 
  you ca n't tell me that is unfair . 
  you said it 'd be used as a ` reason to let more migrants in . ', 
  i inferred the link . 
  fairly reasonable i thought , but willing to be corrected . 
  to be fair , it only takes one member to stop it , so it likely wo n't make much difference in that regard . 
  you realise this is about stuff that happened at the end of the last ice age , not some biting commentary about the refugee crisis right ? 
  ukip are hardly the only people advocating for the uk to leave the eu , and lets face it , the uk being a balancing force is hardly a good reason for the uk to remain in now ... 
  to be fair , he also wants the uk in the eu , and of course re-electing someone does n't suggest that everyone in the country ( or even a majority of voters ! ), 
  likes and agrees with them . . poor dave just ca n't get anything right at the moment . 
   you are actually making a point here . 
  whatever term the uk would offer , the rest of europe could also , literally turning it into a race to the bottom . 
  why ? 
  there is n't just one trade deal going , this would be two different deals , we are n't competing for a single deal ( otherwise you could make the same argument with regards to the various other deals being negotiated at the moment . . ) . 
   us and russia would enjoy a rivalry between european countries , that 's for sure . 
  let 's go back all the way to the cold war boys , so that us and russia could enjoy themselves and scare the rest of the world into submission . 
  clearly it 's in your interests i see . 
  are you now suggesting we have to stick together so we can counter the us and russia ? 
  do you see the eu as a potential way to get whatever country you happen to be in , into a position where it is seen as a superpower and somehow you can challenge a perceived hegemony ? 
  in that case i think you may be rather closer to dreaming of a world where various countries and blocs are at each others throats , and , given i grew up in that kind of world it offers a certain simplicity , i 'd rather see something a little more cooperative . . 
   amsterdam , frankfurt , paris . 
  ah , the 14th , 36th and 37th ranked financial centers globally . 
  by the by you missed zurich ( which does far better than any of the eu based globals ) and dublin . 
   european mainland cities who have large international reach in the world of finance . 
  london is big , but only because it a ) receives an incredible load of protection from the uk politicians even at the cost of the uk itself b ) it allows reckless business practices which are getting more restricted on mainland europe because those practices are endangering local and global economies . 
  its certainly true that it is protected ( sometimes excessively ) by the uk government , but i do n't see that changing . 
  and as to your second point , regulating excessively is n't going to help the eu financial centres grow . 
  i 'd like to see better regulation of financial services by the way , but some of the eu proposed approaches would be pretty fatal and if they apply them within the eu , are going to do far more harm than good to the likes of amsterdam , frankfurt , paris and dublin . . 
   what is missing however are streamlined standards . 
  that 's what these negotiations are actually about . 
  in this regard it very much comes down to leverage and sheer size , not shared interests ( whatever those are ) . 
  non-tariff barriers as they are generally referred to . 
  there are lots of these between the eu and us , and they are absolutely about shared interests . 
  they are used to protect industries and market access both domestically and internationally . 
  removing those is broadly what ttip is about that 's why there is discussion about everything from gmos , food standards , environmental standards and so on . 
   in this regard it very much comes down to leverage and sheer size , not shared interests ( whatever those are ) . 
  it comes down to regulatory approaches and interests . 
  and the uk and us are more aligned there than the eu and us are . 
  it 's not all about what you can beat out of a smaller partner , or how you can protect your domestic industry . 
   in 117 ad , the absolute global financial centre is rome , and rome alone . 
  indeed , and i 'm sure there is a chance that by 3915 ad that paris or frankfurt could be global financial capitals too . 
  but london has been doing reasonably well for a few centuries , survived several fairly serious wars , and i ca n't see that changing terribly soon , certainly not by fiat via the eu . 
   i do n't see anything devastating if the uk leaves eu . 
  if people vote `` yes we leave '' so be it . 
  if after that uk experiences any economical/financial downfall or crunch , will be there problem . 
  i do n't see anything devastating either way , yes the eu economy gets a bit smaller , the uk has somewhat different access to the eu markets , but broadly we carry on as before . 
  at the end of the day , we do a lot of trade together , there is no reason to harm that . 
  moreover , once the decision is made , the uncertainty disappears too . . and of course any negative repercussions would be the uks problem , but then the uk will be free to deal with them effectively too . 
   why would you assume the british people would automatically like whatever the americans like ? 
  you would n't ? 
  who is suggesting that you would ? 
   which brings the question : in case of brexit , what are the chances uk would renegotiate a better deal with the eu ? 
  will the gains from a closer tie with the us compensate the loss for an alienated uk in europe ? 
  i 'd assume that the uk will be able to achieve relatively barrier free trade with both . 
  the eu and uk already have regulatory parity and few barriers , that is n't going to change over night and obviously the uk ( which already trades with the rest of the world ) can look at reducing the barriers it faces elsewhere too , without having to go through the eu and the compromises that entails . 
   economically speaking , this whole ` we 'd be better off leaving eu ' argument is just a farce . 
  but unless you want to be as significant as iceland economically , then be my guest . 
  it 's not like we care that much . 
  the uk is a very , very large market and economy . 
  it 's not going to become ` as significant as iceland ' under any conditions . 
  you realise that there are quite a lot of economies outside of the eu that manage to do quite well and indeed that the eu and us ( and china and others . . ) trade with ? 
  why would you assume that the uk , a large economy with a lot of soft power outside of the eu , would suddenly be utterly unable to do anything at all ? 
  hell , even without any special arrangements ( which germany , spain , italy , france and others will be looking for ... ) the uk is going to be trading extensively with the eu and us . 
  the only way anything truly disastrous happens is if the eu arbitrarily puts barriers in place , which would be incredibly stupid ( and costly for germany , spain , italy , france and more ) .
