  in much the same way that a constituent part of the uk could decide it really does n't like the uk any more and leave , the uk can do the same with the eu ( even more so given the union between the countries that make up the uk is different again from that of it 's ties to the eu . . ) . 
   well no , that 's just a cluster of bilateral treaties with slightly higher frequency than average , not a union . 
  it 's going to be a cluster of countries joined by treaties either way , it 's the content of the treaties that 's important ... 
  so it 'll be a set of agreements that do n't create the union you might prefer . .  it seems the uk is way too eager to let it come to that . 
  the uk is eager for change , if that is n't possible then what alternatives are there ? 
   russian generals are not known to be the most humane people . 
  russian generals are also generally not seen as stupid , and being seen to have shot down a civilian airliner without very good reason is generally harmful and therefore pretty stupid . 
  they may not be soft and cuddly , but they are n't going around killing random civilians for shits and giggles , and certainly not where it might hurt their own interests . 
   besides , what if they were aiming at the afl-2074 / su-2074 flight instead ? 
  then the operators were negligent or incompetent . 
  but even then , i think the idea that they managed to target the ` wrong ' aircraft seems fanciful . 
  i mean if this was a false flag operation put toghether by the russians ( who tend to be quite good at intelligence operations . . ) having an incompetent crew shooting down an aircraft flying in a different direction , in a different location and at a location they would n't be expecting it seems a tad unlikely . 
  essentially there is no evidence whatsoever ( credible or otherwise ) to support the theory apart from the fact that the aircraft both sort of shared a very large patch of airspace ... 
  so i doubt it ... 
  oddly enough , i think the ` bunch of relatives ' with some closer than others is pretty much where i 'd go too , although i 'd absolutely include russia and turkey in that too , it seems odd to exclude them . . 
   lol , do you really want to go on that argumentation ? 
  because that 's what i see from here : hmm , yes because : 1 . 
  [ on the independent article ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/mps-criticise-home-office-delays-as-10000-asylum-seekers-are-left-in-limbo-9824344.html ) that 'll be the home office failing to give decisions quickly to asylum seekers , about half a years worth . 
  it 's incredibly poor , but they are n't kicking those people out ... 2 . 
  [ on the opendemocracy ] ( https://www.opendemocracy.net/ourkingdom/roland-schilling/your-asylum-procedure-is-too-fast-and-not-fair-unhcr-tells-uk-government article ) - again , the criticism is n't that the uk is n't allowing people to claim asylum , it is that in some cases ( cases where the home office thinks the claims are bogus . . ) the claimants are being detained whilst a decision is made on the fast track . 
  that was set up at least partially to deal with issues like those you pointed out in # 1 3 . 
  [ on the sunderland university article ] ( http://www.sunderland.ac.uk/newsevents/news/news/index.php?nid=2568 ) that one raises an incredibly valid point - it 's not relevant to whether asylum seekers are able to claim asylum ( because they are ) but rather the absurdity of not supporting them properly in the uk . 
  they do receive too little support , especially financially given they are not allowed to work . 
  however , in all cases , people seeking asylum can claim asylum in the uk . 
  they they nave access to a decision making system that includes both civil servants , and independent judges , they have access to an appeals process and solicitors and the majority of valid cases are decided reasonably . 
  so again , if you want to criticise actual issues , please do . 
  if you are going to whine about things you believe are wrong , that are n't then you might want to think again . . 
   these syrians you do n't want on your soil have the right to seek asylum in your country . 
  anyone has the right to seek asylum in the uk , and if they do the uk will welcome them , process their applications and deal with them appropriately . 
   that 's just why the uk is being so criticised over almost not taking anyone in ( 2000 selected people , yeah great ) . 
  the uk seems to be getting criticism ( on occasion . . ) for not wanting to take part in a process of quotas that the eu has put together for some members one that it is in no way required to take part in . 
  for reference , the uk had about 6000 asylum applications in q1 2015 , and just under 25,000 applications in 2014 . 
  of those , the top three were from eritrea , pakisan and syria . 
  but hey , you feel free to make up whatever you think the uk might do and then criticise that , it 's generally much easier than criticising what is actually happening . 
   did you misread ? 
  that is exactly what i said . 
  apparently i did . .  right , so we would be reverting back to the eec ; which i would classify as de-integration . 
  we would be de-integrated from the eu politically , but we would still be economically integrated . 
  yes , and i 'd class it as de-integration too . 
  but again , not within the eu . 
  and again , this comes back to the notion of whether the uk can achieve de-integration without leaving the eu , i.e. 
  whether someone can vote yes to staying in the eu , and still see de-integration . 
   just as it was during the eec then , a step backwards from what it is now ; de-integration if you will . 
  the problem with the terms forward , and backward is that they assume a desired direction of travel . 
   it 's not nice and very relevant , an absolute position on any subject is simply a bad position to take . 
  it becomes irrelevant when the likelihood , or conditions needed to change an opinion are so unlikely that it makes no difference . 
  i could say i 'm open to a federal europe , but it 'd be misleading to the point of absurdity . . 
  it 'd be like saying that i 'm open to a new european empire headed by the belgians , or banning eating , or of requiring every first born child to be called richard - possible i suppose , just incredibly unlikely ... at that point it ceases to be a sensible point . 
   because , just as switzerland and norway are not technically part of the eu they still have to abide by certain eu laws and regulations ... what does that have to do with anything ? 
  they have to abide by certain eu laws as part of the treaty arrangements they have with the eu . . 
  they are n't eu members . 
   the vast majority of eurosceptics do not want to completely isolate themselves from the eu , some still want access to the single market with its free movement of labour , services and capital . 
  i think that 's a pretty broad mischaracterisation . 
  there are indeed eurosceptics who want to isolate themselves entirely from the eu , but they are not close to a majority . 
  most eurosceptics are looking for the uk to leave the eu and then come to a mutually beneficial agreement that is in line with a less integrations approach . 
  they can do that outside of the eu . . will both sides have to abide by a set of rules for that trade ? 
  yes of course . 
  will it be as far reaching as what an eu with ever closer political and economic union might want ? 
  probably not . 
   this requires us to abide by some eu laws and regulations , you can call them `` bilateral agreements '' if you would like ; but the end result is the same . 
  we would be abiding by certain eu laws and regulations , just as switzerland and norway do . 
  yes . 
  and that 's fine , it 's a restructuring of the uks position and relationship with the eu , with the uk on the outside of the political structures ...  5 years ago i did n't imagine ukraine being invaded by russia or the sudden rise of ukip . 
  the future be crazy man . 
  that 's nice . 
  but not relevant . 
   ok then tell me how a moroccan or brazilian or us american staying in the uk for over 6 months with no job is less illegal than a syrian seeking political refuge in the uk ? 
  well , lets take a look ... 
  the moroccan would need a visa to come to the uk , regardless , but all three would be in the country illegally if they remained beyond the six month periods their visa , or visa waiver conditions normally allow . 
  so all of them would be subject to deportation and could be refused re-entry into the uk . 
  happily they are just overstaying their visas , they are n't working so at least they have n't broken any additional conditions . 
  the syrian , if in the process of requesting asylum , would n't be in the country illegally at all , until a decision was made one way or another . 
   besides , if it were n't for the eu ( which apparently a lot of brits do n't want for themselves ) the uk would be a separate country the uk is a separate country . .  with border control with the continent yes , it has those , it is n't part of schengen . .  and visit limitations for eu members in both ways . 
  quite likely , although what they are would depend , there was some free movement before the eu ( and before the uk joined the eu ) so its likely to be somewaht different . 
   so i as french would be illegal after a 3 months tourist stay in the uk , the same way the syrian is by trying to go there . 
  hashtag iamsyrian no , you would be overstaying your visa , and potentially an illegal immigrant , the syrian in question would still be seeking political asylum and not an illegal immigrant ... 
  that 'll do . 
   go troll that term is severely overused . . 
   like i 've said before , surely the uk 's referendum shows that it can be done ? 
  how on earth can you argue that de-integratrion within the eu is possible , if the example you propose is a country leaving the eu ? 
  once the uk has left the eu , it is no longer a part of the eu , it may have bilateral agreements , but it ceases to be a member . 
  that 's pretty relevant . 
   ruling out something means you will never do it , opposing something means for the time being you do not want to do it . 
   that is the distinction i am trying to make , i do n't mind if you are for or against federalism ; what i am trying to say is keep your options open . 
  ruling something out is a bad idea , regardless of what the subject is . 
  i understand your point , what i am saying is that i 'm opposed to the idea utterly at the moment , i ca n't actually imagine anything that would make me even slightly less opposed to a federal europe . 
  it 'd be a bit like asking an irish unionist to not rule out northern ireland joining the republic , or a hard line american republican to not rule out a switch to communism ... and on language - i dislike the notion of an eu enforced single language , regardless of what it is , because i think if it came to be , it would harm other languages and cultures , and frankly , using china , russia or india as an example seems bizarre - it might be better to use the uk or us which do n't have official languages . . 
   if countries opt out when they do n't completely like stuff , there is no union to start with . 
  of course there is , it 's just not the same union that you might prefer ...  the value of that lies in the fact that it 's a network . 
  a suboptimal network is still better than a fragmented one . 
  right , so presumably you 'd prefer to see either a uk with opt outs in the eu than the eu out of the eu , it follows that if the uk were to leave you 'd prefer to see a uk working with the eu on issues of mutual interest than an isolate uk or eu . . that 's pretty much where the uk is as well . 
  there is some objection to the direction of travel and to some issues and , frankly if that ca n't be resolved then it 's best to step aside and keep what we can all agree on in place . 
  that may mean leaving the eu , but at the end of the day that is fine , we all get to chose how we are governed . 
   to an extent it 's also the easiest solution for the politicans involved . 
  if they can stretch the disagreement lasts long enough , by now everyone expects the uk to drop out again , so politicians do n't really bother to hammer out a solid compromise anymore . 
  it 's just going through the motions . 
  that 's unlikely given there are as many people and politicians in the uk who want to see the uk remain in the eu . . 
  it 's not as though uk negotiators or pro-eu politicians in the uk ( hint - a majority of them . . ) are suddenly going to not bother any more ... 
   it 's strange that defenders of opt-outs or brexit always seem to go in circles : they always come back to `` the people do n't want it '' and when asked why we still end up with `` the people do n't want it '' . 
  nobody questions that the eu has a bad reputation in the uk , but saying that they do n't want it because they do n't want is a bit disappointing .
