   moving from uk to singapore provides a solid legal argument to challenge the eu does it provide a solid legal argument , or does it simply make it had for anyone to enforce against the person making the move . . basically i suppose the question is that this would seem to massively harm eu businesses rather than overseas ones , that clearly was n't the intent . . 
   `` we had closed early today as the members had gone at seven o'clock . '', 
  and  a police spokesman said : `` no one was inside , no one was injured . 
   `` it had been locked since earlier in the evening . '', 
  no one has been arrested and there are currently no suspects , he added . 
  so some good news . 
  you have to wonder if it 's linked to the ankara bombing of course , but if it is , i 'm not sure what the bombers would be trying to achieve . . 
  whilst i do n't disagree with you , there may be some interesting other calculations to be made here . 
  this could ( although i do n't quite see how . . ) boost tourism spending sufficiently to offset the cost , or ( more likely ) help ireland gain ( more ... ) influence in the us in a manner that directly provides value . 
  that seems to be the case with israel 's approach , although there it is a broader set of policies than just the ` birthright ' travel elements . . 
  spanish speakers are also reasonably identifiable when their english is n't spot on . 
  but broadly the english on this sub is excellent . 
  you have to wonder if that means there are a significant number of people who feel disinclined to comment even where they have something to say , or whether the fact that we are on reddit already skews things toward people having a decent standard of english . . 
  i quite like the idea of non-english threads , seems appropriate in this sub and it makes discussion on technical issues easier for those who do n't speak english natively ( i think there is always a disadvantage when arguing in a language that you are less familiar with . . ) but there are generally arguments about that making those threads less accessible generally ( which is mostly valid ) . 
  the bilingual comments though where something else again , / u/jolerigolo mentions some attempts to make them clearer via css - and i think that would help , but generally they seemed more distracting than having the comment in just one language , whether that is english or not . . 
  it is . 
  although . . is it me , or does it match country size pretty closely if you take the bottom left as low and top right as high , with a few outliers of course . . 
   it 's interessting how so far most people from the uk here only complain and curse ... that 's a little unfair , these discussions tend to raise some emotional arguments in people and there are people who are very angry on either side , but there are many , many people people who are absolutely interested in discussion and having a sensible debate about issues . . as / u/casualview points out , it may be that you are missing some of the more interesting discussions ( especially if one side or the other is downvoted heavily early in a thread , which does seem to happen quite a bit ) . 
  there is after all a broad spectrum of people who support leaving ( and indeed a broad spectrum of people who support the eu ... ) and a broad range of reasons that apply on both sides and do n't necessarily overlap . 
  or more accurately , any country leaving is n't in the interests of any country remaining , the uk 's size simply underscoring that . 
  it 's not exactly surprising , apart from possibly to a small minority who seem to think that if the uk leaves it 'll get a kicking from eu states on principle , and that if it remains it has to shut up and follow the leader . . 
  you say that as if that was the alternative . 
  leaving pretty much removes farage and his party 's reason for existing . . 
  which is another one of those nice potential benefits of the uk leaving the eu . . 
   well of course london is better as they are n't paying for their service , everyone else is . 
  that was my point . 
  they were also exempt from deregulation , the entire approach in london is different , and supported by legislation ( and as you point out subsidy . . ) that simply is n't available elsewhere . 
  both parts of that are important , especially if anyone wants to see improvements outside of london ( rather than price rises in london . . which would ' t exactly help anyone outside of london either . . ) . 
   this is the reason why only london has decent public transport and it 's shocking elsewhere . 
  i 've said it before , but i 'll say it again here . 
  the level of regulation that is allowed in london , vs everywhere else makes a massive difference . 
  kids under 11 travel free , between 11-15 it can be free , but even if you are visiting , it 's massively reduced . 
  if i compare that to where i am in the north east at the moment , i could save # 150 + in monthly travel to and from school , never mind travel around the city . . that 's a massive concession and frankly a good one , but apparently not viable outside of london . 
  when you throw in train travel , and where county lines meet and , operator incompatibility and it gets really stupid and quite expensive quickly . 
  in london , public transport is always cheaper , outside of london , especially if you are commuting , public transport can be more expensive than using your car , including maintenance , depreciation and fuel . . 
  incredibly easy to navigate when you 've had a few though , i assume that 's a design feature . 
  and no bombers . . 
  the uk deterrent is all submarine based , and if you happen to know where those are , you are doing better than almost everyone else ... 
  no , not publicly with nuclear bombers . . 
  but pretty much everyone carries out exercises in the air and at sea that can look reasonably aggressive . . 
  submarine patrol 's near the russian coast have been a thing for a long time , same with freedom of navigation exercises all over the world and close surveillance flights ( also geared toward gauging air defence reactions , amongst other things . ) . 
  that lot is n't just aimed at russia of course , but also china , and involve us forward deployed forces in everywhere from japan through to england . . 
  i 'd ask why working through existing international groups ( there are quite a few . . ) is less preferable than setting up something at the eu level . 
  it 's a nice thing , but the fact that only 9 members are involved probably indicates how much of a priority it is , and frankly i 'd be concerned about it duplicating effort . . 
   bullying ? , do you have any idea how much money went to greece in order to try and help them and after all that money they still would not get their shit together . 
  at this point it is not weird for the eu to look at greece in a different ( negative ) way still bullying though , using the disproportionate power of other eurozone members to impose a set of conditions on greece that is unhelpful to greek people ... 
  yes eurozone states poured money into greek institutions and those who lent to greece , but lets be very , very clear , that was n't to support greece , it was to stabilise the eurozone . 
  if that is a pattern that is likely to be repeated at any point i think it 's a pretty good argument to be wary of the eu and it 's various subsets . . 
   the temptation is high for me to type what needs to be done , but i 'll just get downvoted . 
  i 'm sure it would start a discussion , surely it 's better to get whatever idea you have out there than worry about whether people will vote one way or another on it ... 
  i can see amazon building its own logistics chains being a threat to ` parcel , firms ' but uber doing the same does n't seem terribly credible simply given their structure . 
  they wo n't have the expensive bit ( the large back end logistics capacity , the ability to move lots of stuff very quickly from one hub to another for delivery ... ) and the actual local delivery space is already fairly saturated , so they 'll be competing with cheap options ( like collect plus ) as well as fairly reasonably priced rapid and secure options . 
  looking at the uberrush stuff from the us , it seems more akin to replacing couriers and doing so by using a resource uber already has ( i.e. 
  people who are willing to use their own vehicles to pick up a thing or person , and take them somewhere else ) not build out a totally different capability that is radically different from their core business , and in a space that is incredibly competitive already . 
  i guess we 'll see , but if i were to bet , i 'd argue that bike couriers and independent delivery drivers will have more to worry about than large logistics firms . . 
   example : ieva - raudoni vakarai though it 's considered sung poetry . 
  right , so now all i need to do is learn lithuanian . 
  which is going to come in really handy ... a\u010di\u016b, 
   yea ... except the ones that agreed to it when they joined the eu . 
  so . . no-one then ? 
  who exactly agreed to being part of a ` united states of europe ' ? 
  to be clear - the answer to the question ` either we are a true continent or we are a whole that shuts itself away in national categories , ' is absolutely the latter , in most areas . 
  the whole continent is n't even part of the eu , even the eu states on the continent are n't all part of schengen so ... 
  seems odd to put it in this way given the reality of the situation . 
  although i can see that it might get in the way of junkers aspirations and potentially even his reputation and future legacy ... 
   heh , never heard lithuanian being compared to german . 
  not so much the language as the music . 
  that said , folk music eu wide is quite interesting , especially in terms of influences and sound , i wonder if there is a nice map for that ... by the by , i 've now found some lithuanian pop music ( youtube auto-playing gets you to some strange places ) . . 
  i like the folk better , but i did n't notice what i had on until i read your comment . . ) . 
  silly question , but do n't non-eu companies still have to register for vat ( in at least one eu country . . ) if they are selling digital services in the eu ? 
  i did n't think being a non-eu country gave you any exceptions if selling locally to the eu . 
  i suppose it 's harder to go after someone if they fail to do so and are based outside of the eu but , statements like :  if you are in europe , we will be able stop charging you vat - so prices can go down by 17-27 % . 
  other than that , nothing changes . 
  all customer data will remain safe and sound in amsterdam . 
  seem problematic if that is right , especially if they have data in amsterdam . . might be wrong though . . 
  i ended up finding [ this site ] ( http://www.truelithuania.com/ ) , it has the linked song , so the title was there and english lyrics ... 
  some seem almost familiar - v\u0117l gegu\u017eio \u017eiedai seems almost german , and there seem to be quite a few on youtube too ... 
  i did n't really want to do any work this evening anyway ,, 
  thanks . 
  and now i 'm listening to lithuanian folk music , which seems appropriate !, 
   you will have to pay yearly council taxes to the local authority ( city council ) based on the valuation of your house though . 
  but it 's important to note that the person living in the house is generally responsible for paying council tax , regardless of whether they own it . 
  it 's ( sort of , a bit ... ) a tax for services rather than on the property itself . 
  although iirc the owner will have to pay if the property is empty , so it 's a bit muddled . 
   what that point does n't address is the people sitting on multiple houses they do n't even use . 
  is n't that a bit misleading ? 
  there are n't vast numbers of long term unoccupied properties that also happen to be fit for occupation . 
  even people who buy as an investment let out their properties ( maximises the value of the investment and maintains the property . . ) . 
  shifting rented houses to occupier owned property wo n't do much whilst mortgages are still basically cheaper than renting and the supply shortage remains . 
   either the prices are going to continue to rise immensely due to endless demand , or there is going to be a serious bubble pop . 
  the problem is that unlike in some other countries , this is actually a supply issue . 
  there simply are n't enough houses being built and people need to live in them , so their value is n't going to collapse unless someone builds a very large number ... 
  even the 2008 crash only put a small and temporary dent in house prices ( by limiting borrowing ... ) , i ca n't see anything , including interest rate hikes doing much more . 
  after all , we do n't have the houses ...  and are too incompetent to build more . 
  it 's not really a matter of incompetence as it is one of central government inaction , local government inability to act and landowners being aware that they are sitting on valuable assets that get more valuable by the month ... add to that that we have more single occupant households , fewer social housing units and so on and it gets pretty nasty . 
   it really is madness , but lets not pretend that immigration is not a factor . 
  but lets also not pretend it 's the key factor . 
  the primary issue is a lack of housing supply , which is down to lots of factors , from the hit house builders took in the recession through to people holding on to land because it gets more valuable by the month . 
  oh , and single people moving into houses where normally it 'd have been couples or families - that has also distorted the demand side ... our [ population growth ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/pop-estimate/population-estimates-for-uk--england-and-wales--scotland-and-northern-ireland/2013/sty-population-changes.html ) is also pretty variable and indeed manageable . 
  what is n't is not having anything like the number of houses being built each year to deal with the number of households that are looking for them ...
