  for migrants it makes sense to push to integrate them , surely for refugees the important aspects are stabilising them , ensuring they are safe and helping them to live sensibly until they are able to return to the country they are from . 
  obviously for some refugees that may be never , but then that could better be dealt with through targeted measures . 
  all in , i realise that germany has a different approach when it comes to legislation , but surely a flexible approach that is geared toward the needs of both the migrants and the communities they are living in in germany would be a tad more sensible . . 
   that is something that many talking how poland is greedy and ungrateful forget about . 
  eu is not only benefits directly given by eu but there are also open markets for foreign investors . 
  many western companies opened their branches here and are benefiting from that . 
  yup , people also forget that this is a component in foreign aid and international cooperation agreements , it 's all about mutual benefit . 
  the usual question is whether the benefits are truly mutual , whether they turn out to be more one sided and whether the priorities of the parties making these agreements are in line with those that they represent . 
  a lot of that is only really something that can be properly analysed well after the fact too ( if at all , you ca n't really include what might have happened under other circumstances ... ) . 
  but it is relevant and important . 
   your native language is english ? 
  there , you run a higher risk of being oblivious to imperialism through the assumed lingua franca of english . 
  i speak a couple of different languages and have lived in a number of different countries so i 'm not unaware . 
  my point is n't about the assumption of english as a default , it is that it does n't seem to generally generate this kind of reaction at an international level very often , certainly not systemically in an industry that already massively relies on english for consistency in things like contracts . 
  in retrospect i 'm surprised that there have n't been more visible issues of this kind . 
   not that the fact that they were young back then is any factor here , of course ... ha . 
  absolutely . 
   i agree entirely , but even if you just look at the bare figures , poland is benefiting enormously , besides all the other benefits that being in the eu brings us . 
  poland put together a rather good report on the benefits vs costs of membership and that was pretty clear on the benefits . 
  i think it 'd be hard to claim that poland has n't seen significant improvements in economic and other areas because of its membership . 
  however ( there is always a however ... ) i do wonder if there are n't a decent proportion of people who do remember poland before it entered the eu and are concerned about what might happen in the future in terms of the ability of poles to exercise their right to self determination . 
  and of course it would be fair to say that the rest of the eu has benefited from polish membership too . 
  at the end of the day it is all about the balance between the benefits and the costs , and how people weight both . 
   so we are being robbed by the eu by getting loads of money . 
  to be fair , boiling down the discussion to just money , or whatever simplifies it to the point of absurdity . 
  poland seems to do relatively well as an eu member , but i suppose for some any hit on independence could be seen as too costly . 
  that is n't that surprising given poland 's history , and probably not something that should just be dismissed either . 
  absolutely , frankly some sort of prize should be in order . . 
  it is n't something anyone should be angry at , but it 's quite interesting as an issue . 
  i do n't think i 've heard of language being a serious issue in this way anywhere else . 
  ah , cheers . 
  did n't see that one ( and it did n't pop up as a duplicate ) . 
  i have to say that the subject is pretty fascinating , whilst i absolutely agree that the german banks should be able to use german , i think this is the first time i 've heard any sort of serious story about language issues of this kind ... 
  no , of course not . 
  my point was actually more aimed at the slashing of civil service and public sector pensions than anything about corbyn as such , although it must be nice to have that kind of guaranteed income waiting for you . 
   it 's a good description of the british self-image , but hardly of reality . 
  it 's partly right ( first off , have you seen some of our town layouts ... ) , it 's certainly applicable in terms of regulation , the uk prefers self regulation and stepping in when necessary or after a failure . 
  the eu has been keener to regulate pro-actively . 
  the uk tends to be a bit more flexible and that comes with risk , the eu approach has been the reverse . 
  i 'd argue that this trend will be more pronounced once the uk leaves ( indeed if you look at the discussion around what the eu might do around finance , it seems pretty obvious that the view is that regulation can be used to shape a particular approach , or as the americans would say , pick the winners . . ) . . 
  well , up to the point where the government massively scaled back pensions . . 
  the mps pension scheme is pretty generous by any measure . 
  indeed , that always goes well together . 
  i occasionally walk in a valley that has been occupied essentially forever , with evidence or roman settlement and so on . 
  but it is littered with the remains of what amounts to industry from back to about 1600 . 
  you can find all sorts of random bits of reasonably old detritus , and there are the remains of buildings , mill ponds , diversions of the stream in the bottom and so on fairly easily . 
  but then it does n't feel particularly special simply because that kind of thing is n't uncommon . 
  i mean , there are occupied houses from 500 years ago not too far from where i am now and my house was built in the 1830 's ( as was every single one on my street , and it 's hardly special . . ) . 
    eu member states are democratic socialist market economies . 
  where is that quote from ? 
  certainly not the comment above ...  so they inherit the mindset that taxes are owned to them , aka companies optimizing their accounting , legally , via moving funds means stealing from govt . 
  because they lost the money . 
  erm ... 
  in a socialist country , the means of production are commonly owed already , what you are describing above is any country ( capitalist/socialist whatever . . ) that uses tax raising powers . 
  every country i can think of raises taxes against profits at the very least , most against income , many against spending usually a combination of those . 
  that is n't some how a socialist thing . 
  governments define what taxes are owed and yes , then believe that those taxes are owed to them , again , not a socialist thing unless you label pretty much every country socialist , it 's a tax thing . 
  as to the whole moving funds means stealing , again , the issue is generally how that accounting is done , i do n't think anyone cares if a country makes money abroad , the issue generally comes down to how transfers are accounted for and whether they reflect reality . .  hence why they push for more restrictive limitations ignoring the fact , just like yourself , that there will always be a way to move virtual money and profits arround in an online banking system linked globally !, 
  i 'm not ignoring anything . 
  money can and has been able to be moved around globally for a very , very long time . 
  taxes are usually determined based on a companies accounts ( not on where their money is electronically or otherwise . . ) . 
  the means used to move money to untaxable areas ( whether that is by moving the money , paying it to a subsidiary , investing it or even using it in tax positive ways in the country they are in ... ) are usually the relevant bits ... oh and i 'm not pushing for more restrictive limitations either ( and this appears to be about disclosure , not restrictions ) . 
  oh and if we look at this in a global context , this seems to be somewhat similar to the approach the us is taking on pushing for further disclosures ...  if they give incentives to not do so then it might stop . 
  or they might not . . that 's generally the problem is n't it ? 
  the point on this kind of push for disclosure is usually that at present governments ca n't even tell whether or not they should be offering more incentives , or whether there is an issue that needs to be addressed . 
  customers and potential clients also ca n't tell whether there is something they 'd rather not be part of ... 
  so on that basis , surely disclosure is a good thing . 
   but hey what politician does n't like to give welfare raises or govt . 
  pay raises in election year !, 
  this would be amusing if the current trend in most eu states were n't a reduction in welfare provision and frozen or cut public sector pay . . 
   oh yeah ... just like there is no party of european socialists ( pes ) , right ? 
  or you do n't consider socialist parties ruling set countries to make them socialist , even tho they impose socialist welfare measures . 
  again , not sure how that 's relevant . 
  there is a communist party of america after all . 
  social democracy is big in europe , there are more socialist parties and they have influence , but last time i checked all eu member states are democratic market economies . . and no , i do n't think that parties with the name socialist or social in their title makes a country socialist , the means of production , distribution , and exchange being commonly owned would make them socialist , and all eu states fall well short of that . 
  that is n't to say that there are n't policies in play across the eu and elsewhere that are left wing , or that welfare does n't exist , but to claim that any given eu member state is socialist because of political party titles would be a bit like claiming that north korea is democratic because it 's in the title of the country . 
   and the country does n't ? 
  or it only a one way st. ? 
  who said that ? 
  the country does see some benefit , but not to the extent that it should , and in some case it might well be that the benefits a country sees are outweighed by other negatives . 
  as i said , if it is outside of the spirit of the tax arrangements , then the country is losing out and the company in question is taking advantage . 
  when companies use secure countries , with sensible legal systems , decent corporate protections , educated workforces , good infrastructure to make money , and do n't pay taxes , that makes it a little harder to provide all of those things . 
  that 's not a good thing in the long run . .  eu and any state regulations on capital flow is like media content restrisction . 
  it 's beyond retarded as it does n't account for the global , international world we live in . 
  again , it should of course take into account the global context , but at the same time countries need to enforce their own laws . 
  i have no problem with a company paying taxes abroad , i have issues with it artificially moving costs or profits around to minimise tax . 
  that 's generally not what the rules that allow such movement are there to do and it can be abused . 
   when money is not physical aka printed anymore , the flow will be easier , hence you can move it and take advantage ( legally ) of different laws and pay your taxes where it 's lower . 
  it has nothing to do with currency though , nor how it 's moved . 
  it has to do with how it is accounted for . 
  companies can assign costs and profits abroad , which is fine when that is accurate . 
  but when it is n't accurate , when it is used to move profits from one place to another for tax reasons , that 's abuse . 
   by doing this you do n't steal from govt . 
  it 's govt . 
  the one that wants to steal more from you !, 
  it rather depends on how it is done . 
  i agree that governments should be looking to tax accurately , not excessively , and i agree that companies have legitimate reasons to move money and profits around . 
  but it 's pretty clear that at least some of that movement is avoidance verging on evasion . 
   i really do hope eu fails and all socialist countries do because they are n't economic viabile long term . 
  it 's one loan away from bankrupt !,
