  if you are well off , or even reasonably well off , living in the us is fantastic , if you are n't or if you have an issue that is n't dealt with well within the us it 's really not fantastic . 
  i 've been seeing some rumblings about this for a little while now , essentially that the republics future within the eu was somewhat linked to the position the uk took ( which makes sense to some degree given how meshed the uk/irish economy is . . ) but it seems a little perverse when put like it is in this letter . . 
  anyone else seen anything of the sort ? 
  i did n't think there was much eu-exit feeling within ireland generally . 
  so your argument is that the justice system in each eu state is dysfunctional to the point that they do n't apply the law but instead act in a jingoistic manner ? 
  whilst that may make good press , it is incredibly inaccurate and utterly disrespectful of the legal systems in place and the capacity of eu courts . . more to the point , eu courts have repeatedly shown that they apply the same standards to us and eu based companies . . now arguably isds might be able to deal with things like the ` buy american act ' if they were brought in at a later date , but broadly speaking i do n't think it makes sense to allow corporate entities access to a legal framework outside of the normal civil and criminal justice systems . 
  put it this way , if there is such a massive issue with access to justice for foreign entities within the eu , then we should n't be looking at trade deals at all ( and you are obviously implying that eu members states are incapable of impartially applying the law . . ) and us firms should be wary of entering such a dubious market ... 
  but of course those issues are n't actually a thing , it 's just that isds is both cheaper and generally more favourable ( before verdict , in terms of settlement . . ) for large corporates . . 
  someone needs to explain why , in a trading bloc with perfectly functioning legal systems , you 'd need an investor state dispute settlement process . 
  i mean , lots of corporates already choose to use uk law as the basis for their agreements and contract , why a requirement for something additional ? 
  it is absolutely perverse that any entity should be able to bypass national legal frameworks on the basis of trade agreements , and something we should be working against , not toward ... 
  in all seriousness , if someone can offer one good reason whey an isds mechanism would be required when we are talking about states that have a functioning legal system and democracy i 'd be impressed ... 
   it costs money , it costs time ( doctors , support staff , etc ) , it uses electricity and other utilities , so how do we pay for it . 
  so does the right to a free trial , the right to vote , the requirement for children to attend school , the defence of the state ( usually considered a core responsibility . . ) . 
  it is all about the will of people to have a government deliver something , the problem is n't that something should or should n't be a right ( that is , after all a social construct ) it comes down to whether people are willing to fight for and pay for rights to be available to all - and all rights have a cost , nothing is free . 
   i 'd say on par with most other first would countries no . . not really , on a par with developing states , in most cases yes , but not on a par with first world countries at all . 
  generally social and health provision is worse , mental health and educational provision beyond the basics is non-existent and access to the legal system is almost perversely complex and redress almost impossible . 
  there are n't the necessary consumer or employment protections so it becomes harder to deal with the cumulative impact of a poor education system , no health provision and an almost vindictive justice system . 
  what do you mean by ` power but no responsibility ? ', 
  in this context ? 
  if we take the above as accurate ( and i generally would n't but it is n't that far off ... ) it is n't about getting more power , it is about having less of it sat with the eu . 
  in terms of responsibility , the uk is n't exactly shirking any , it pays for defence , it pays into the eu , it provides a solid justice system and an open market , it provides healthcare , education and social services etc. . . 
  in short , the government is meeting its responsibilities ( mostly . . ) . 
  i think what you are missing is that the power that the uk government has comes from people in the uk , not from the eu , and its responsibilities are to people in the uk first and foremost , in many places there is overlap with what is good for others too ( on trade and defence for example ) and that includes the eu , but a uk government , represents the uk ... 
   great britain is one of the most benefited country in the eu . 
  its enterprises have been entering throughout the entire territory and there is a exclusive treaty eu-uk that allows this country to retain their currency and their tax havens ( jersey , guernsey , gibraltar , etc. ) . 
  the reason that the rest of the eu is happy to negotiate such agreements with the uk is because the uk is a massive market for eu goods and a very large , developed economy . 
  the eu did n't ` allow ' the uk to retain the pound , etc. . it was negotiated as part of the uk 's membership of the eu , without things like keeping the pound , the uk simply would n't have joined the eu . 
   would say abandon the eu is not an option for the uk since it powered even more its economic value . 
  which would be true if a eu exit meant that the uk could no longer trade with the eu at all , but since that would n't be the case it 's a far more nuanced issue . 
  the uk exports more outside of the eu than it does within it , but it imports more from the eu than elsewhere . . 
  it is a net gain to the rest of the eu to be able to trade with the uk on beneficial terms . 
   i do n't know why the other 27 countries should give even more privileges and benefits to the uk . 
  well , one would assume that they would negotiate with the eu if it is in their interests , and the limits on those negotiations would be when the benefit to the eu of having the uk in is smaller than it leaving . 
  essentially it is up to the eu and the uk to get a good deal for both , that is entirely possible . 
   we have a great problem with germany , which believes it 's the only important nation in the eu , and then we have another big country that is kind of blackmailing in the same way snp did a year ago : `` give us more power or we abandon this ! '', 
  not the way to be done , if you ask me . 
  the really interesting thing is that this issue has come to a head not because of the governments wants ( none of the two main parties really want a referendum on the eu , they 'd rather the issue just went away ) but because people in the uk wanted it ... and lets be clear , the referendum is happening regardless of what the uk can negotiate , it is essentially not relevant what the uk government can get out of the eu , but what the perception of that is with people in the uk . 
  self determination is pretty important , whether that 's in scotland , catalonia or the uk generally , and that is what this is . 
  people deciding how they would like to be governed , because they feel that they have n't had a say . 
  i have to say that if i had been the snp , or pro-scottish independence i 'd have absolutely have gone with a new currency , then spent some time displaying pretty coins and notes for everyone to get excited about . . 
  geo-blocking is currently a thing within the single market so i assume it is legal . 
  yeah , i think it was around [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/jun/02/sepp-blatter-fifa-resignation-statement-full-text ) that i formed the impression he was going , although frankly it seems more like he made some noises and then when it got a little quieter carried on as normal . 
  i though ' t he 'd resigned ? 
  apparently not . 
   uch , the use of the word liberal in english keeps confusing me to no end . 
  that 's because in the political context it has different definitions depending on where you are , much like ` left ' and ` right ' can be drastically different depending on which country you are talking about and which traditions are involved . 
  realistically people need to be clearer ( and probably differentiate between socially liberal and economically liberal and all the various other flavours . . ) . 
  i 'd also argue that multiculturalism is a separate issue generally , and can be framed in various different ways too , it 's usually just used ( either positively or negatively ) without much thought to what it actually means anyway . 
   a federalised eu government ... 
  i 'm not sure that a lot of countries would first look for independence then willingly dump that independence for a federalised eu government . . 
  being part of the eu sure , but handing anything like that much control to an external , larger and arguably even less accountable ( to individual , smaller states ) government . . 
   the eu is represented at both the g7 and the g20 . 
  that 's not the member states ( uk , italy , germany , france , etc ) but the eu itself . 
  donald tusk and jean claude junker sit at this events with the same status as the members like japan . 
  i think that 's really emblematic of the eu 's influence . 
  that 's true , but it was jean claude junker who suggested that the eu is not `` taken entirely seriously '' , and of course at the g7 and g20 the eu is n't representing the germany , the uk and france , they are there too , it is there to represent the bits of policy it has some competencies in on behalf of those members . 
  however broadly i think the answer above from caroline is useful in that it also rejects the notion of an eu army and raises the question why various eu politicians and some members are so keen to push in that direction ( using everything from terrorism through to the current migrant crisis as an pretext . . ) . 
   i 'll try to be very brief as there are so many questions to answer . 
  thanks for your answer to this question and the others in this thread . 
  it 's the kind of discussion we need i think !, 
  hi caroline , thank you for doing this ama !, 
  my question is about the notion of a euorpean army . 
  you will remember that in the not too distant past the notion was rubbished as fantasy in the uk , yet seems to have some serious support in some member states and the eu establishment . 
  do you think the european union needs its own army to help address the problem that it is not `` taken entirely seriously '' as an international force as the president of the european commission has suggested ? 
  if eu members were to try to move forward with such a notion , would you want to see it blocked by the uk government , or would you prefer the uk to opt-out an allow the eu to continue building a military capability without uk involvement ? 
  and finally , if the eu is not `` taken entirely seriously '' as an international force , do you feel that the uk 's global credibility is aided or hampered by its association with the bloc ? 
  the uk opted out of the eu visa policy and is n't part of the schengen visa space ( nor is ireland . . ) so no , this wo n't apply to ireland or the uk unless they explicitly want it to . 
  there are quite a few differences too , at the moment albanians have visa free access to schengen but not the uk for example , and people from belize have access to the uk but not the eu etc. . 
   i own a business and will gladly and secretly discriminate against an applicant if i find out they are religious , or have reason to suspect they are . 
  because as we all know , discrimination on the grounds of religion is fun and perfectly fine in a modern society , and employment laws . . well , who needs them . 
  do you secretly discriminate against anyone else too ? 
   turkey is obliged to secure it 's borders and not let everyone pass who wishes to do so . 
  actually i do n't think turkey is obliged to secure it 's borders to prevent people leaving , turkey could come to some sort of agreement on that , but as it stands , it would be the responsibility of the country that does n't want people to enter to protect their border . 
  as others have said , that 'd be the eu economy , which would then include the uk , sweden , romania , hungary , denmark , croatia , bulgaria and the czech republic who are all eu members , but not part of the eurozone and quite a considerable chink of the eu 's economy . 
   europe also does n't have a massive debt because it did austerity . 
  eurozone members have around $ 10t of public debt , the us has about $ 17t . . 
  so whilst us debt is quite a bit larger , it 's a bit of a misnomer to say that the euozone does n't have massive debt . 
  especially when you consider that the gdp of the eurozone was around 24 % smaller than that of the us in 2014 and has been growing more slowly too . 
  that said , the lower growth in the eurozone could well mean that if we see a decent recovery , it has more room to grow , although that normally applies more to developing , that well developed economies . 
  this is potentially good news , but can we just be clear that this is one quarter of 0.6 % growth , it represents the highest quarterly growth rate for the eurozone since the middle of 2011 . . 
  there was a similar ` spike ' at the beginning of 2015 , followed by successive quarters at around 0.4 % for the intervening period too . 
  give it another 6 months and we 'll see whether this actually means much . . 
  i know they exist , i just do n't think they are terribly common and given that i would assume most people have a workplace scheme , i 'd be surprised if many people get more options than simply opting in or out . 
  interesting , none of the ones i 've worked for have , beyond picking a type ( ethical , green , not ethical . . guess which ones perform better ... ) . 
  i 'd have thought most of them would be enrolled in workplace pensions of one type or another and not directly selecting their pension investments . 
  many 20 and 30 year old 's have a very limited disposable income though . 
   much like this guy is going to get elected due to affirmative action . 
  how does one get elected due to affirmative action ? 
  i mean , there was a selection process that involved voting by party members , then an election process that involved the electorate ... 
  i do n't quite see where the affirmative action comes in . . 
  diversity is a benefit as much as it is a problem in some contexts . . 
   in the spirit of democracy i think there should be an eu vote that ends uk exemptions . 
  full membership or nothing . 
  i think most people who 'd like to see the uk leave the eu would be more than happy with that . . 
  i certainly would . 
  although it obviously might well not be necessary after june . 
   i wonder what ` definitive solution ' mean when there really is n't a problem worth talking about . 
  essentially an agreement between the uk and spain , obviously that assumes that there is actually anything to compromise on , which seems unlikely given the position that spain holds is diametrically opposed to both the uk government position and the position of people in gibraltar . .  another country wanting more clay is not a problem unless they are actually going to invade . 
  absolutely , although spain can be a pain in the backside if it wants to be short of invading .
