  hell , even simple things like id cards or access to the electoral roll would cause outrage between states , and do n't work out of context . 
  and lets be clear again , building something new is n't what we are talking about . 
  this would be trying to shoehorn the eu into a federal structure , in a way that was acceptable to each member state . 
  tell me honestly how you think that 'd look . . 
   people like me are asking for a federative parliamentary democracy where less populous states are still represented and where the federal level only governs that which member states allow it to . 
  for this , you need a well-designed constitution , yes . 
  but that is a question of design , not possibility . 
  member states would still govern themselves in most areas , just not in those they have agreed to share . 
  and i 'm not questioning the possibilities , there are lots of great ideas and potential ways of running things , and i am more than well aware that the current situations nationally , locally and within the eu are far from perfect . 
  the problem is that your well-designed federation is n't really all that likely . 
  what is more likely is an evolution of the particularly poorly designed eu , and an evolution based on compromise between competing states , with leverage used in relation to industries , with special interests poking at it . 
  probably most importantly , it wo n't be put together by some impartial group of citizens coming together in common cause , but by those people who are already in power in eu states , with all the political pressure that entail . 
  lets be clear , any eu federation would be built by people , including those that are currently seen as corrupt , racist , xenophobic and nationalistic . 
  it will be negotiated by people who are n't interested in individual citizens or rights , but by people motivated by profit and security as well as those who might care about people . . 
  it 'll be far from perfect , which is a problem when the only way it would be even slightly acceptable is when it is well designed ... 
  i would love to see a world without countries , people enjoying a universal set of rights that are at least what i enjoy now with free trade and sharing and all that jaz . 
  but i 'm also old enough to know that people get in the way and the best way to protect from that is to keep as much control locally as possible , to give people as much control over their lives as possible ( which does mean universal education and healthcare , a fair legal system , defence and so on . . ) . 
  i do n't think the eu is ever going to be in a position where it does that . 
  i think we will continue to see the trend that is emerging now , and that has applied to many other federal states , which is a concentration of power within federal institutions or law . 
  whether direct or indirect . .  mind you , states will still cease sovereignty without such a federal structure . 
  it will just be a far more informal system where more powerful states can dominate far more easily . 
  a well-designed federation is therefore crucial to prevent the natural power-grab of strong members which are favoured in some way or the other . 
  and yet this federation would be put together largely under the pressure of those larger states ... again , there is nothing to suggest that the current trends and directions would change and so a federal europe , in my mind at least , is one that potentially threatens what i hold dear all so that it can challenge the likes of china and america . 
  you can imagine why i 'd not like that . .  it 's just like a constitution . 
  a constitution does n't magically give the state power . 
  the power was there all along . 
  the power comes from the people that are being governed , and frankly the eu is even further off a democratic consensus , or anything approaching popular unity than it is to political unity ... * [ and then i noticed your edit , and refreshed so ... ] *  which is why in a federal state , these governments still hold a high degree of power , even all the power in a lot of areas . 
  again , nobody ever argued for a state where faceless technocrats in brussels tell a community somewhere in europe where to build their school . 
  people argue for elected representatives who form a government that can make foreign policy with the strongest as equals . 
  what you argue for and what you get are different . 
  you see that at the national level and the local level too , but if it happens at the eu level too ( and it will ) it becomes massively harder to deal with . 
  if you take what happened with 2008 crash and the euro , you take the current crisis and watch the way structures are built badly , to deal with an immediate issues at the expense of members , you realise that it 's a problem . 
  but lets be clear here too , whilst a federal government may not tell you where to build a school , it will pass legislation , that legislation will have an impact on people and at times that legislation will have an adverse or unexpected impact . 
   there is no psychologically measurable effect between not understanding your country 's capital that is 250km away or your union 's capital that is 1000km away . 
  50 mil . 
  or 500 mil . 
  - can you tell the difference ? 
  i highly doubt you could . 
  the human brain is n't made for these numbers . 
  this only addressed the `` feels imposing '' - part . 
  i 'm not bothered about distance on land , but distance from the voters . 
  i can speak to my mp tomorrow afternoon if i want to , i ca n't speak to my mep without going to brussels . . ( and that 's under the current system ) . 
  my mp represents 60,000 people , my mep 's represents 4 million ... each person in a federal eu parliament would be representing the views of far more people than is even slightly rational . 
  again , the national ration is n't great , but it 's manageable . 
  i can get people together to lobby my mp on an issue sufficiently for it to make a difference . 
  for my mep . . well , there are on-line petitions i guess . 
  my point is that my voice is significantly weaker and i ca n't even express it to the person representing me . 
  that 's an issue . 
   why does n't it work in the us ? 
  the us is paralysed politically because it 's electoral system has n't been reformed for the past 200 years . 
  it is paralysed ideologically because this electoral system favours polarisation instead of compromise ( while a parliamentary system does the opposite ) . 
  and this has come about in part because it is a democracy that is supposed to serve a population of 300 million and because a federal system that was supposed to be small , managing the joint affairs of a set of sovereign states is now something very different ...  other examples are australia , canada , switzerland or germany . 
  even belgium with a screwed-up system managed to work for nearly two years without a government . 
  if that is n't a point in favour of subsidiarity , i do n't know what is . 
  all of those systems are vastly smaller , voters are closer to their representatives and have real power that they can still set in motion . 
  it 's also worth looking how the respective governing systems were arrived at , especially for germany . 
   this may or may not happen . 
  i believe that we can indeed form a more rational state , if not directly then past unification through reform . 
  the problem is that firstly , this is exactly how it will happen , even if it comes by way of something similar to the last push on a constitution for the eu . 
  it is the only way it can happen - i ca n't even begin to think of a process that is n't essentially dictatorial , that would produce a federal eu without it . .  heck , to me a constitution is a must and that constitution is essentially the way such a state would be set-up . 
  why ca n't we do this cleanly ? 
  because the states exist and the eu exists . 
  if it is intended to be clean and separate from the eu then great , that 'd probably be a safer approach . 
  but it obviously means that someone who is worried about the eu 's evolution into a federal state should still be worried . 
  some separate , eu wide , idealised federal structure is something very different again and not contingent on an existing eu structure . . 
  i mean , what you are basically saying here is , ` ignore the eu mess and what that might turn into , but would n't a completely new , different and clean eu like federal state be great ?! ' . 
  my answer to that would be maybe , lets have a look at the details , and in the meantime , there are massive issues with the eu ...  also , a federal system is - as pointed out above - not something that has failed or been without real world exposure . 
  it is n't , but it 's problematic and quite a lot of people would object to being part of one , and would be more comfortable with their existing arrangements . 
  oh and obviously there are amusing issues with how a new eu federal state absorbs existing federations , unions and so on , which then raises additional issues with blocs and power balances . 
   you do n't need a perfectly balanced federal state . 
  you just need a constitution which prevents the federal state to have any power in certain areas without a full referendum or a 3/4 or 5/6 majority . 
  you do n't get those without people truly wanting it , and then it might just be useful as a natural evolution in its own right . 
  is that all !? 
  and you do n't think you 'd end up with broad interpretations of the constitution ? 
  things like the us ` interstate commerce ' clause , or attempts to use say , indirect tax harmonisation as a way to tax and fund policy not supported by states ? 
  lets be clear , this is n't simple , not even close . 
   and ? 
  have they not faught for their own liberties , rather than the ability to fly a single flag and no other ? 
  yes they have , and they might well see that right as something more important than some shared behemoth that might swallow them whole . .  and might their independence and individual sovereignty ( the ability to influence how you want to live ) be better protected in a shared political body ? 
  it might , but it might also be extinguished by something even bigger and more of a bully than the states and unions they fought for independence from in the first place . 
   i disagree heavily . 
  not with your observation , but your conclusion that this is the way the eu is heading ... 
  i think this is the issue . 
  the problem i have is of power being concentrated within an ever larger sovereign entity and i think the direction that the eu is currently taking threatens freedom and individuality , it s on track to create a hegemonial power that will be less good for people than the current member state are . 
  essentially what i am saying is that when you have a country of 50 million , broken down into smaller regions and areas those levels of government are still understandable and accessible to citizens , and at that size it is still possible to properly articulate common ideas and ideals whilst respecting minorities . . 
  in a state with 500 million citizens , that former country of 50 million is now a minority , the top level of governance is now so far away and inaccessible to a normal person that it becomes imposing . 
  obviously there are ways around that , keeping power local , subsidiarity etc. . . but that has n't worked in the past , does n't work no ( see the us . . ) and is n't really the direction of travel we are seeing . 
  in short , an eu federal state will not be born out of precise designs and careful plans intended to achieve the most for it 's citizens and protect it over the centuries , it will be put together as a compromise and a kludge by people looking to solve a particular problem now . 
  the result i see as likely is not something i 'd want to be part of ... 
  it 's a bit like communism or pure capitalism , the ideal is great , the actual implementation is the problem . 
  just to take this one step further , we are talking about member states that have basically evolved over hundreds of years , in which many have tried quite a few different approaches to solving problems , they are diverse , they each have found different solutions to issues ( and shared them , copied and adopted them . . ) . 
  a federal state that is n't perfectly balanced , that does attract power to federal institutions would kill that too . 
  and that 's before we get into the whole issue of countries that have fought for political independence , even in recent times - there is a reason they did and a reason why simply being part of a bigger more powerful grouping might not be the best for everyone ... 
  if as you 'd put it , it is a question of irrelevance inside , or irrelevance outside the eu , you might see why some in the uk would prefer out . . 
  because the idea of the union in some people minds , is running far ahead of the reality of the union . 
  it is n't really a powerful continental institution and certainly not more powerful or capable collectively than any given national parliament ( at least not yet . . ) but in quite a few countries it is n't really on the public agenda , people do n't really care ( and it is n't where the power lies anyway . . ) . 
   woe me for wanting to create a union where each member state has plenty of freedom to do as they wish and strong common protection to have the actual ability to do so without listening to either washington or beijing . 
  except that is n't what you are getting is it ? 
  it 'd be a union where each member state has as much freedom as it 's neighbours , or the more powerful members think it 's ok to give , occasionally reducing it as it is traded away in one treaty or agreement or another . 
  the direction the eu is taking is n't one of a collection of very independent states working in union collaboratively , it is about a few nations dictating to the many on the basis that they know better .
