  if you look at this , it could conceivably lead to weaker net neutrality in the uk , but with it set in legislation rather than voluntary agreements , that 's bad . 
  the same goes for things like copyright harmonisation , sure it might mean that in countries with the least protections things get better , but it may also mean that for countries that have protection in place that they are weakened or dismantled ( after all , there is generally someone on each side of the issues ) . . 
  in this case the eu vote probably wo n't improve the situation in the uk and could make it worse , and of course it 's harder to lobby the eu as an individual , or small group than it is if you happen to be a large company so . 
  yeah , i 'm not convinced . 
  i 'd rather see the eu being the regulator of last resort . . 
  indeed , although there is something incredibly annoying about having to deal with these threats at a national level , and then have them pop up again at the eu level ( where it 's frankly much harder to do the same . . ) and then appear again in trade agreements and then at the national level etc. . . you have to seriously wonder whether the benefit from any harmonisation in this area is n't massively outweighed by it not being done at the national level and being somewhat more accountable ( at least in some member states ), 
   how is it right that general elections and national referenda on national issues are citizenship based ? 
  i suppose it is because it is the citizens of a country that are the source of legitimate government , whether they are in the uk or abroad . 
  they are the people who get called up for jury duty , who are liable for conscription and so on ( and conversely who get protection from the government when abroad and so on . . ) . 
  i 'd argue that this makes sense , its a commitment , and one that anyone who has the right to live in the uk can make in any case . 
  the reason it makes no sense for the indyref was because that was about people in a particular area expressing a demand for self-governance . . you ca n't really do that on the basis of citizenship that does n't exist ... and the reason it 's different for local elections seems to make sense too , it is about services and delivery at the local level within the framework of law that a national government has put in place ... 
  it could be different , but at the same time i think the uk has a decent balance ( and that 's pretty much the same as everywhere else , if anything the uk is more open , not less ) . 
  since when do we grant voting rights across the board by residency , or citizenship by residency or birth ? 
  the scottish indyref was based on residency not citizenship , because scottish citizenship is n't currently really a thing , the av referendum and general elections are based on citizenship . 
  but eu citizens resident in the uk you are allowed to vote at local government , devolved legislature ( i.e. 
  scottish parliament , welsh assembly and northern ireland assembly ) and european parliamentary elections . 
  that is based on residency . 
  i ca n't vote in northern ireland assembly elections , because i 'm not resident there at the moment , but a german living in northern ireland could , but they could n't vote in a general election . . but i can . 
  and so on and so on . 
  for the eu referendum the same rules as for a general election would seem to make sense ... 
  i do n't think that had been defined ( and would obviously depend heavily on how a new independent scotland conferred citizenship , which is hardly something for the uk to define ... ) . 
  how am i drawing arbitrary lines ? 
  i 'm pointing out how a set of criteria were put together ( residency in this case ) , and why it 'd be hard to do it on the basis of citizenship for a scotland ( i.e. 
  how do you define scottish citizenship if anyone from the uk can live anywhere in the uk and have been born anywhere ? 
   i dont blame them for trying , but that doesnt change the fact that those people left a safe country to walk across europe purely for money . 
   i have no pity for them . 
  i find this such an intriguing point in a discussion when made with such vehemence . . 
  the notion of people moving from one place to another for money is pretty understandable , i mean , there is a massive amount of migration from poorer eu countries to richer ones , but that generally is n't seen as greedy , or something that means they no longer deserve our sympathy and pity . . 
  when people escaped from the ussr to the west in the cold war we did n't get upset about the ` scroungers coming here ' . 
  refugees have always escaped conflict zones and set up new lives , or moved from one country to more distant safer ones where life would be better ( in wwii it was canada , the us , australia and elsewhere . . ) . 
  is it any surprise that someone who leaves their home because of war that they might want to find somewhere better to live ? 
  that is reasonable and entirely understandable . 
  what 's more , it does n't lessen the threat that they faced , or change the fact that they are refugees ... 
  the difference between you and them is that you were born in a country that is n't poor , or embroiled in conflict , if you had been born somewhere else , or a bit earlier that might all be very different . 
  i 'd like to think that if i were in a situation like these refugees i 'd do what i could for my family , and frankly living in a un camp , or some refugee detention centre would n't be my ideal , i 'd want to work and make life as safe and as good as possible . . if if you really do n't understand that , then whilst you may have no pity for them , i pity you your lack of empathy . 
  the uk has no problems with multiple nationality , so if you live in the uk and have done for several years ( with the relevant leave , so easy for eu citizens and some other groups but not so much for others these days . . ) it 's easy enough to get citizenship . 
  that seems like a fairly reasonable compromise . 
  it 'd be the same rules as for a general election so yes , but there are some additional requirements in terms of how long a person has been abroad ( no more than 15 years ) , and whether they posted abroad as members of the armed forces or a civil service . 
   no , it 'd be more like giving people from england , wales and ni resident in scotland the right to vote in that referendum ... which is exactly what happened . 
  if i were born in scotland , would i be more or less scottish than if i lived there ? 
  if my parents were born and lived in scotland but moved to england just before i was born , am i less scottish or more scottish than someone whose parents were born and lived in england , but was born and lived all their life in scotland ? 
  you ca n't reliably define scottish and separate it from english , or welsh , or irish , you can reliably separate british and not-british . . 
   there has been absolutely no reason for her to incur the hassle and cost of becoming a citizen when she is guaranteed equal treatment under the law . 
  but she is n't entitled to vote in british general elections or likely in this referendum ( and she would n't have been able to vote in the av referendum either ) . 
  she also would n't necessarily be able to confer british citizenship on her kids either ( the uk does n't do citizenship purely on the basis of where you were born . . ) . 
  essentially she has fewer rights when it comes to national elections than those not considered ` foreign ' under uk law ( which iirc is basically , british citizens of whatever kind , irish nationals and commonwealth citizens ) . 
  this is n't some uk peculiarity either and it 'd be exactly the same in relation to federal elections in germany . . 
  absolutely , and it was absolutely right , in the same way that it is right that general elections and national referenda on national issues are citizenship based . . 
  it just seems that in every discussion about the uk 's referendum on eu membership is somehow linked back to the scottish indyref as though there was some hypocrisy in the way the way these referendums are run . . 
  eu citizens do n't generally have the right to take part in parliamentary elections , for referendums it will depend on the bill authorising the vote - so for the scottish indyref it was based on residency , this one ( as with the av referendum ) is based on citizenship . . that is in no way illegitimate . 
  how do you define a non-scottish citizen ? 
  by birth , descent , geography ? 
  it 'd be extremely hard to argue that the franchise for the scottish independence referendum was unfair , hell , even the snp are n't saying that ... 
  you realise that restrictions on production and sale ( which by the way are really varied globally ) are n't what the op is talking about - he 's talking about the parental filters that every isp has put in place ( as opt out . . ) after government pressure . 
  but op is right in saying that that , is n't a net neutrality issue . . 
  the uk has net neutrality already although through voluntary agreements and self regulation rather than legislation which does broadly seem to work fairly well . 
  except of course that could change with whatever we end up with from the eu . 
   do n't remember saying anything about the report ? 
  ah you were talking about the [ speech ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/documents/speeches/2015/speech852.pdf ) by the governor then . .  i simply stated that the governor of the bank of england is stating that all the , frankly lies , that have come from the anti-eu side were wrong and that ultimate the uk has benefited immensely by being in the eu . 
  i 'd love you to point that bit out . . because it really does n't seem to be in either document ( the bit where he says that ' all the , frankly lies , that have come from the anti-eu side were wrong ' ) . 
  he does say that whilst a member of the eu the uk has continued to open its economy and has seen many benefits , but then he also says that this has been the direction of travel for the uk since something like 1850 . . 
  i think if you take this report as a massive endorsement of the eu and a slamming of the out side of the referendum campaigns , you are n't reading it right , indeed his speech is similarly clear . 
  the takeaway from both the report and speech seem to come down to openness , flexibility and free trade being the key , all of which the uk seems to be doing fairly well in achieving . 
  those benefits are not exclusive to the eu , or indeed granted by the eu and impossible to achieve otherwise . . 
  i do n't think that is explicitly stated anywhere . . 
  i suppose i could point out that of a 100 page report , you have grabbed one , small part of it and presented it as if it were damning . 
  which it is n't . . 
  this report is n't a dire warning that the uk should stay within the eu lest it collapse , nor does it lead to a conclusion that the uk should leave the eu so that it can return to the party of becoming the land of milk and honey ... 
  i assume it 's going to get a fair amount of discussion as it deals directly with the eu 's impact on at least the bofe 's objectives , but that 's quite a lot ... 
  it 's rather good ( well , the first 30 odd pages are ) , worth reading for anyone interested in this kind of thing . . 
  or not . . 
  i mean come on , this is about making the right decision for a country , not some peer pressure induced go along with the other kids . 
  if there were good reasons to remain in the eu and it was going in a direction that i felt was right , then it 'd be a different story . 
  as it is n't i do n't really see what i can do . . 
  keeps uk borrowing down ( in theory if not in practice . . ) which whilst not terribly sane is essentially what got the last government elected ... 
  so i suppose there 's that . 
  firstly , we do n't know what is going to be said yet and frankly if it is anything like the other analysis we have seen it 's likely to be pretty balanced anyway , rather than pointing firmly in one direction or another ... 
  some of these obviously wo n't make any difference in a number of countries ( where they are already a thing , like logos on ballot papers for example ) , although i 'm not sure what that has to do with the ` manifestos of national parties ' . . 
  things like ` deems it essential that political parties at all levels adopt democratic and transparent procedures for the selection of candidates ; recommends that national parties hold a democratic vote to select their candidates for european elections ; ' also seem a bit excessive . 
  for really small parties that might not be possible , other parties may have some other philosophy ( either anti-democratic or possibly random . . ) , i 'm not sure dictating how a political party selects its candidates is really something for anyone other than a party to decide . . 
  the voting on the same day thing is also probably a non-starter . 
  having a random ep election separate from local elections would pretty much kill turnout ... 
  the whole internet voting thing is a problem too , there still is n't a satisfactory way to have both verifiability and anonymity and it remains impossible for someone to monitor a single ballot from start to finish ( and obviously for a lay-person , it 's not verifiable at all ) . 
  that seems like a step backwards . 
  all in all though , somewhat interesting , i might read through the actual amendments being proposed , but like i said i think the impact will be variable and i 'm concerned about some of them in terms of integrity . 
  still , always good to see ideas . 
  that said , there have been a number of reviews and reports over the last 5 years or so in the uk , it might be worth looking at some of those recommendations and indeed the outcome of some of the trials that have been run too . . 
  cause the british bankers ' associations chief executive anthony browne already informed that banks are prepareing or at least making plans to leave the uk , banks are preparing to deal with the impact of any change , the extent of it seems to be that london may be in a mildly less favourable position on some very marginal activities under certain circumstances . 
  sure , that 's something the banks have to take into account , but in no way is it significant or even based on the notion of a brexit ( it 's actually down to the banking union , which is n't relevant to the uk in any case . . ) . 
  so , no , banks have n't ` left the uk ' on the back of brexit fears , nor will they suddenly if there is an exit , there is simply no need . 
   `` i 'd be amazed if every bank does n't at least have a working paper discussion on it as it would simply be remiss not to '' an senior banker who wants to stay anonymous , to reuters uk . 
  absolutely , you plan for everything and make sure you 've covered all your bases ... 
  the banks are and have been doing that and , unsurprisingly they have n't moved . 
  if it were a serious risk , you 'd see that move now but the reverse is happening . 
   that the uk is 20 % of the common market will only hurt it even more . 
  and taxes and customs will happen , because there is no customs union without the eu , unless the eu and uk can agree on one . 
  the customs union is separate from eu membership in any case ... and the uk and eu will agree with one , because the uk is 20 % of the common market and a significant chunk of exports for the major eu countries ...  well , see , the un security council is a toothless joke ignored at will , no , it really is n't . 
  it can be ignored by other members yes , but that 's about the long and short of it . 
  but in any case , the uk does have a seat at that table ( along with france ) and it is important diplomatically and in terms of the uk 's influence globally . .  as for nukes , please , just dont . 
  dont be the second kim .
