  actually no , the uk does n't have quite the massive export bias toward the eu that other eu states tend to have , although obviously there is a massive amount of bilateral trade and it makes up a significant chunk or uk trade . 
  that said , it 'd be insane for the eu to do anything to hard uk imports from the eu as it harms their exports - in short , barriers would only hurt everyone . 
  i think what / u/fragglemook is trying to say about the commonwealth is something else though . 
  at present the uk ca n't come to bilateral arrangements with commonwealth countries outside of the context of the eu , that does make it more complex , under the current arrangements , to put together trade deals and for a variety of reasons , they tend not to be as competitive as they might were the uk outside of the eu . 
  whether that balances things out is a different matter entirely . . 
  obviously if that is the case then voters in the uk probably should vote for an exit ( there is a lot of fairly valid concerns across a whole range of issues , both on the left and right side of the aisle , if there is literally no scope for compromise then it 's pretty much done . . ) , it 'll just depend on how that is framed and whether people realise that 's the reality of the situation . . 
  personally i think there certainly should be place for compromise and negotiation , it is something that really should be a continuous process in pretty much any set of democratic institutions to keep them relevant and appropriate , but hey . 
  i 'm sure eu member states know what they feel is best . 
   if britons will be that dumb to use eu referendum to punish mid term results of local government , is it smart to make any referendums at all ? 
  it 's not about being dumb as much as having very different priorities . . 
  i think the gist there is an exit down not to people wanting the uk to leave , but people wanting to send a message to the government . 
  i think it 'd be hard to prove either way , but you get where they are coming from . 
  it 's similar to what was said about greece pre-agreement , that it might accidentally leave , even though most greeks did n't want it ( although it probably is n't a parallel i 'd agree with ) . 
  just as an aside , i 'm loving the level of hyperbole in the title . 
   but it does n't say why that would lead to an accidental exit . 
  the argument there was that ` domestic discontent ' could cause an unintended exit if it happens to line up with a few other things ( half way through a term , verdict on spending cuts ) . 
  which is actually somewhat reasonable to assume , hell , council elections get used to punish a sitting government and quite a few people care even less about the eu than they do their local councils . . 
  the argument from the article is that having the referendum earlier reduces the period of uncertainty and will help in making investment decisions ( regardless of outcome i think . . ) . 
  you do realise that the whole point of the un is to avoid conflict not to support it one way or another . 
   also , where the fuck are the un troops that should fight free a few safe zones nearby in syria etc to have people flee to those zones ? 
  they 'll arrive as soon as the un members collectively decide to do something like that , it 's not as though the un can just do stuff whenever it wants . . 
   i did n't know that about the german constitutional court . 
  but if the ecj , as an eu institution , has the power to interpret eu law and if it goes beyond what the treaties define as ok , is n't that not too different from the us supreme court ? 
  the set up is different because it is n't settled , and you have the german and french etc. . constitutional courts also making the case that they can define what is permitted under the eu treaties . . 
  it 'd be like the supreme court of ohio overriding the us supreme court and it actually sticking . . 
  essentially the treaties that these countries have signed are still reviewable by their own justice systems , the treaties are all subject to parliamentary ( or equivalent ) oversight too and obviously unlike the us secession is entirely possible ...  i know that there 's a fundamental difference between a constitution and a treaty ( treaties are something governments agree to , and constitutions something people theoretically agree to ) . 
  that sort of depends on the country !, 
  after all , not all countries work within the framework of a formal constitution , but where they do that is always placed above any treaty agreements . . you ca n't have a treaty that breaches a countries constitution , in much the same way as you cant have legislation that does it . 
   but i agree that the eu should n't push to more `` federalism '' until there is popular support . 
  it should have remained as an intereconimic community rather than pushing for being a political one . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  i 'd agree , and i 'd maintain that that 's pretty fundamental . 
  the us , regardless of how you look at the history and the current state of affairs started with - * when in the course of human events , it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another , and to assume among the powers of the earth , the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of nature 's god entitle them , a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation . 
  * i do n't think the eu could do it with anything less . . 
   yes it does , the treaties give supremecy of european law over national law . 
  it might , but those treaties are subject to national law . 
  the german constitutional court , the french constitutional council and the danish supreme court have n't accepted the premise that european law is supreme to the national constitution and maintain that they are as able as any body ( say the ecj ) to interpret of the provisions of eu treaties that define the limits of eu authority . 
  and they have done so . 
  on the uk side for example , it is less clear , essentially the eu has worked to sidestep conflicts because no-one really wants to see a test of supremacy and the mess it would create . 
  the germans have taken a slightly different approach as you will note , with the constitutional court taking a view that it can and will have a say in eu expansion , the eurozone and more . . 
  i 'd also point out that the competencies of the eu are severely limited ( and away from lots of the stuff that is seen as the default for a sovereign state or even a federal government . . ) and where sovereignty is pooled it is still tightly controlled by the member states not the ep or a notional eu executive for example . . 
  it is pretty much incomparable bar the fact that a number of nations are working together ( you would n't compare other trading blocs in the same way and they all have treaty based compromises that essentially lead to the pooling of sovereignty . . ) . 
   the only main difference here is 1 ) your ( con ) federal structure is very young , 2 ) your constituent states are individually much older and 3 ) your constituent states each have much more diversified culture with almost each state having its own language . 
  and the direction of travel is n't consistent . 
  i think this is the important part . 
  you have a collection of states each looking with more or less favour on things like expansion , political union , economic regulations and federalisation . 
  unlike the us there is simply no scope to force the issue and the member states are more than capable and able to act independently . . and they do . 
  if the direction of travel were toward federalisation then it might be different , but it does n't seem to be at all . 
   i 'm not saying people taking issue with how the eu does things or with the existence of a power structure above their nation-state are invalid or that the concerns are invalid . 
  but i think europeans are fooling themselves by trying to avoid `` federal '' or `` confederal '' to describe the eu . 
  and i think using either is either wishful thinking or seriously misreads the intent of a large section of the eu population , a push toward federalisation will do more to break the eu than it will to secure it . 
  i think the last few years have shown that even within those that want to see more eu integration and closer union , members of the eurozone for one . . , there is more and more tension around the fact that there is n't really a structure to deal with the issues that arise out of that integration . 
  in short , trying to use federal or even confederate ( in the us sense ) to describe the eu is very premature , the failure of something that looked like a constitutional treaty ( and the anti-democratic actions to push through the remnant of it ) show that . 
  have you ever worked with a direct democratic model ? 
  you get falling participation and a massive concentration of power with those who get involved , you end up with blocs being formed and it basically ends up as ` more of the same ' with even less accountability . 
  it does n't work as well as representative democracy . . 
   but i have to be honest , i do n't see how this is different from a us state , german bundesland , or a canadian provincial government asking members in the federal legislatures to push through a bill that 's not popular locally . 
  it is n't any different , and that is the problem - all of your examples are federal government structures set on top of state governments . 
  the eu is n't a federal government and it does n't have any kind of supremacy over national governments ( essentially the whole states rights argument , except that the states in question have independent armed forces , foreign policy , police forces , legal systems , the only tax raising powers , their own heads of state and currencies . . ) . 
  that 's broadly why people would see this as an issue . 
  the exception being eu federalists and whilst it 's a valid position , it 's one they 'd have to get the populations of all the eu member states to agree with before it gets implemented . . 
   if something does n't have enough support on a lower level , parties can see if there 's more support for it on a higher democratic instance . 
  how is this not a valid political strategy ? 
  national democracy is only one layer of democracy . 
  the eu is n't supposed to be a ` higher democratic instance ' indeed it is n't , and it is supposed to work on the basis of subsidiarity , that is to say decisions are supposed to be made as close to those that it has an impact on as possible . 
  a move away from subsidiarity as a core principle of the eu destroys its legitimacy in my view . . and i would point out that the argument that ` something does n't have enough support ' is n't the issue , the issue is when something is opposed by a national parliament or population and is then imposed by an external body on the basis of support of some other countries electorate . 
  that is absurd . 
  can you imagine what the impact would be on germany if france were able to push a pro-nuclear power position across the whole eu ( with support from other eu member states ) against the wishes of germans generally ? 
  it would n't end well for the proposal or the eu . 
  yet it seems fine for governments to do exactly that to their own people ? 
  only 92 years since the ireland split ( which changed the uk significantly . . ) , and only 214 years and 318 years since the irish and scottish acts of union . . and obviously , not a republic ( apart from that small period we do n't talk about ) . 
  true , although i still do n't entirely see what the change in the school leaving age actually achieved , it just seems like jobs that used to pay minimum wage ( and obviously there us a lower one for young people ) now come with some generally shitty nvq programme and and a lower wage whilst being broadly the same . 
  i think i 'd have been pretty pissed at 15 and a bit ( whilst waiting for a slot in a technical apprenticeship as it happens . . ) if my job had been rebadged as an apprenticeship and i 'd have been paid half of the normal national minimum wage ( although that job was before the minimum wage was divided by age too . . ), 
   unfortunatey a lot of shops/companies are abusing it to get young people to work for low wages without training them when i was looking at apprenticeships on leaving school a couple of decades back they revolved around industry ( metal work , machinists ... ) or very specific skill sets like electricians , plumbers , some building stuff , joiners etc. . now there are apprenticeships shop assistants that do n't focus on progression to management . 
  that does seem somewhat predatory . 
  i do n't think you could get away with either tbh , but i did like what the inclusion of 16/17 year olds did in scotland ( and the debate was pretty good all round . . ) . 
  and yeah , inclusion of eu nationals , or exclusion of uk nationals living abroad probably would n't go down too well . . 
  to be fair , it probably would be reasonable to argue for the same criteria scotland used in the indyref , but it probably is n't worth the political cost and potential blowback . . 
  i think you are right , there is n't exactly a lot to be gained from anyone by messing with it , but you ca n't predict these things ( and obviously in terms of citizenship/residency the default position is pretty balanced and probably the sanest option anyway ) . 
   the legislation currently going through parliament uses the same electorate as the electorate for the general election . . 
  indeed , but it 's only had it 's first reading in the lords so . . well , we 'll see . 
  i think anything other than the usual electorate for a ge will end up with shouts about bias , but the push for 16-17 year olds was pretty interesting and after scotland , i 'd say worth looking at . 
   i expect you to vote for staying if negotiations end in uk 's favor . 
  i would if the things that concern me are dealt with . . that said , somewhat absurdly i think the free movement of goods , services , capital and people is pretty core to what i see as a benefit of the eu . 
  if the negotiations hamstring that it 'd actually make me less positive toward eu membership - essentially losing free movement would shift the benefits from the eu sufficiently to make it considerably less attractive . 
  and yes , i realise that 's somewhat problematic in the context that the eu debate is being framed in the uk . . 
   i 'm just curious , how do you define a `` war '' ? 
  there has been a shooting in the past week closer than 10 miles from my house , am i from a war zone and entitled to move to any other country in the world i choose to ? 
  possibly . . 
  if your government ca n't control its territory and your life is in danger ( either from that government or other militants ) you likely do have a case for refugee status abroad and several ways to obtain it . . 
  probably not , but where do you draw the line between my situation and nazi-style systematic genocide ? 
  obviously none of the `` wars '' you 're talking about approaches nazi-levels of `` they ca n't go home '' , so you must have some other criteria . 
  unfortunately it 's not me who gets to decide how everything works , and different countries will have different definitions so it really comes down to what a given government has decided is sufficient to grand refugee status . 
  that can be because of war , persecution or several other things , almost all of them revolving around a direct threat . . 
  well , the vote will go ahead anyway , so it 's a bit out of the governments hands at this point . . 
  i suppose the question is the value of such a poll ... 
  it 's pretty clear that the majority of people subscribed to / r/europe would prefer to see the uk stay in the eu , at the moment that is probably even just about true of people in the uk , but it is n't terribly relevant to the uk referendum because that will only be open to an electorate based on residency or citizenship that ties them to the uk ( although there is still the question of who will be allowed to vote , whether it will include uk based eu nationals , eu based uk nationals and so on . . ) . 
  people fleeing persecution and war are refugees , even if they have passed through several other countries , they ca n't go home . 
  that includes syrians , some iraqis , some afghans , some ukrainians and a host of other nationals . . 
  it would be absurd to refer to the syrian refugees who have arrived in the uk via un refugee camps as anything other than refugees for example .
