  corbyn was n't the leader of the labour party during the election ... people do n't get to vote for prime ministers either , they vote for a local mp , so that plays a part too . . and you 'll note that lots of people in scotland managed to vote for the left wing snp too ... 
  people voted conservative , more people voted for someone else of course , but those that did vote tory , voted tory . 
  many of those people would have voted regardless of who the leader was . . 
  however in a leadership election , pitting one tory against another tory , you can see that positions on something as divisive as the eu will play a significant part , especially after a referendum , especially at a time when the conservative party faces challenges from the left and right on the eu . 
  people voted conservative , more people voted for someone else of course , but those that did vote tory , voted tory . 
  many of those people would have voted regardless of who the leader was . . 
  however in a leadership election , pitting one tory against another tory , you can see that positions on something as divisive as the eu will play a significant part , especially after a referendum , especially at a time when the conservative party faces challenges from the left and right on the eu . 
   won a majority of seats in an election less than 12 months ago . 
  i 'm not talking about a general election , but a leadership election within the party , that 's a very different electorate , and one that has been taking a battering from it 's euro-sceptic membership . . 
  i was under the impression that polling puts tory membership firmly on the leave side , and when it came to mps it 's a majority or pretty close . 
  i suppose if you define leadership as either the leadership structure of the party , the ` political cabinet ' or the cabinet he 'd be right , but that is n't going to help in terms of a leadership election , and presumably at least partly down to the fact that cameron supports the remain side too and is the party leader . . 
  corbyn is a mouthy populist ? 
  that 's a new one . . 
   if stay wins he wo n't . 
  he 'd be one of the more prominent tory figures to have fought to leave the eu , something a significant portion of the tory party supports . . 
  the issue is n't going to go away after a referendum and i can see it making boris rather more popular rather than less ... 
   yup , also that 's pretty much a direct statement of intent to take the tory leadership in any ` out ' future . 
  there 's a lot riding on this for boris . 
  and any in future . . 
  he 's arguably going to be fighting on the side of most of the tory membership , against a tory prime minister who has clearly lost his way ... 
   your best hope for labour is a leave win . 
  i 'd agree entirely , my fellows less of course , but hey . 
   this allows labour to start thinking about what policies they actually want to implement . 
  we will start getting a higher calibre of labour politician . 
  not that there are n't currently some fine labour politicians , but too many of them are just unthinking when it comes to brussels . 
  copying and pasting does n't make for great leaders ... ca n't disagree there either ... 
   honestly , if `` leave '' win , i can not see cameron staying for long . 
  remember , unlike the labour party , the conservative party love to kill losers . 
  the conservative party own rules allow leadership triggers very easily . 
  if cameron is gone this year , i think bojo is pm . 
  either way cameron is going to be in pretty bad shape . 
  if remain loses , he 's a loser , if remain wins , ukip is going to get louder , as is the eurosceptic wing of the tory party . . 
  i 'll quite happily sit back and hope for an implosion , although i 'm not sure how much a tory collapse at this point helps labour ... several things need to happen . . 
  the next tory leadership contest is going to be interesting too ... 
   is n't this why a lot of people want you to leave ? 
  it 's why some of the more federally inclined people would prefer to see the uk leave , but they are n't really a lot of people . 
  federalists being a pretty small , if vocal minority in the eu in general . 
   but if uk taxpayer 's child lives in bulgaria , costs of living are the same regardless if the kid or it 's father is of bulgarian or british nationality . 
  yup , and they should be treated the same on that basis at least . 
  ( which i did say earlier . . ) . 
   i never meant that . 
  i mean that you should be able to get the same support if your needs are the same . 
  like , let 's say , if you are out of work , you get jobseekers benefit based on your situation , not on your nationality . 
  agreed . 
   ... and they should have the same rights to claim child benefit if they got a child . 
  broadly agree , but i can make the argument that if you live in the uk with a higher cost of living , that the support you get in child benefit needs to be higher than if the child is living in a country with a lower cost of living . . 
   but the eu is a disaster without further integration . 
  as i understand it , some of that integration , like the work needed around the euro is possible without treaty change . 
  the remainder is going to be something that is only possible if people are convinced , that is n't just a uk issue . .  there would be ridiculous to keep the existing system in place as we face globalism . 
  i mean we have had more private wealth in the history of time , but the states are in huge debt . 
  austerity and privatization splits europe further apart . 
  meanwhile the rest of the big economies have their own central banks and we are stuck with the euro . 
  yeah we need fiscal co-operation as soon as possible combined with democratic reforms . 
  it 's of great importance that eu and their countries become more transparent and co-operate instead of lower the taxes to the bottom . 
  even if we take your assessment at face value , the problem remains that there are lots of different ideas as to how to solve problems . 
  not to mention many different ideas as to what the eu should look like , there is no way ( and should n't be ... ) to impose these things so it will come down to what people are happy to accept ... 
  which will mean having to put in place reforms that result in integration that will pass muster in the context of a referendum in somewhere like the uk . . 
   if it is commonly accepted that there is a cultural bond between european cultures that is absent toward non-european cultures , then it exists is that accepted ? 
  and if such a tenuous thing could be classified enough of a european culture to tie the continent together , then what does that say about cultural bonds between countries in the eu and non-european cultures , because there are lots of those too . . 
  the eu is far from having anything that even looks like a unifiable identity or culture , and that is n't a bad thing , in fact it 'd be strange if it did have one given it 's an arbitrary political grouping that has expanded a few times recently into countries with different cultures , histories and social expectations to the initial core . . 
   i know , but if everyone who works has to pay the same taxes , should n't it be the case that everyone who needs support gets the same support ? 
  but everyone does n't get the same support in cash terms . 
  support depends on your situation rather than what other people get . 
  there will be differences if you have kids or do n't , how many kids you have , how old they are , whether they are in education etc. . , you will get different levels of support if you have a mortgage and lose your job than if you are renting and lose your job , or if you are injured ... 
  there are lots of factors , but the general gist is that the support you get is that , it 's support , it 's not supposed to be a prize . 
  so i suppose you could argue that the cost for the support that child benefit is supposed to provide is significantly lower in some other countries , and so to provide that support , the government can pay out less . 
  it 's all a bit daft to be honest , the cost of administration will eat into any savings ( if there are any . . ) and it 's not going to cut costs significantly and will foster ill will ... and yes , two worker in the uk , regardless of nationality , should be eligible to the same in work benefits , that 's only fair . 
  child support when the child is n't in the uk is a bit more of a grey area though given what the benefit is supposed to help with . 
   but from i understood , the amendments reflecting the living costs in the country where kid is located will apply only to non-british citizens . 
  i do n't know , i assume it 's massively an edge case to be honest and i agree with your point , but i have n't seen any detail . 
   and this i find unfair , as non-british citizens have to pay the same taxes when working in uk . 
  people with kids and without them pay the same taxes too though . . 
  they were offered a number of opt outs , the same , or similar to the uk ones , then ran another referendum in 94 . 
  as a side note , i 'd also point out that quite a few countries did n't vote for maastricht as most do n't have a requirement for a referendum . . 
   correct me if i am wrong , but that means that if two guys work in the same factory , earns the same money and pays the same taxes , a british citizen who 's kids live with their grandparents in their retirement home in bulgaria will receive full uk rate of child benefit , while a bulgarian , who 's kids live with their grandparents in bulgaria will receive only `` bulgarian amended rate '' . 
  depends on whether it is the home country of the worker , or the home country of the children . 
  i have n't seen the full detail , but this could simply be a change that child benefit rates are linked to the cost of living in the country where the child is normally resident . 
  although that would n't have required eu agreement ...  so two eu who are taxpayers in the same eu country got different service for the same amount of taxes paid . 
  you do n't pay taxes to receive welfare support though , you pay taxes so that anyone ( including people who may never be able to work . . ) are provided support when they need it . 
  yup , super successful cover-up on our part . 
  edited mine so as not to compound it . . 
   and worse in some aspects . 
  i can have my bank cards reissued when they become compromised . 
  yup , absolutely . 
   fingerprints are convenient . 
  that 's their big benefit . 
  they can be , in practice they are a bit of a pain in the backside . . 
   biometry is good for identification , not authentication ( as a user id , not as a password ) , and fingerprints are particularly insecure . 
  they can be easily acquired and reproduced ( see links ) . 
  this . . a token plus a secret that you know is basically where it is at . 
  a fingerprint is only a little better than a card in any practical sense . 
  it might be useful in branches or at an atm as an additional check , but at that point it seems a bit excessive and more of a barrier than a benefit for customers . 
  if the uk votes to leave , it will leave the eu . 
  whatever the new relationship is it will still be close , but it it wo n't be eu membership and it will involve political separation - we wo n't have meps or seats within eu institutions as members . . 
  it 'd be a bit daft if we left and that aspect was n't addressed , and would obviously include a massive reorganisation of the eu to achieve ( which seems a tad unlikely . . ) . 
   the question is if voters are convinced they 're now better off inside the eu or outside . 
  most people voting for an exit wo n't change their minds because of this . 
  i think the larger issue is that support for eu membership has always been significantly stronger in the context of a ` reformed ' eu . 
  the narrative over the last few months has been about being part of a ` reformed ' eu and cameron getting a new deal . 
  there was a feeling that decent share of people who are undecided would be swayed by a deal .
