  of course if these 4 points ( and i 'm not sure if they are enough btw . . ) ca n't be met at all , then obviously there will be a problem and i think the uk would be much closer to leaving . . 
   well unless you want to face interpol/europol warrants for fraud , i 'd suggest not to . 
  with a limited liability set up , you can put money into a company , gamble all of it , lose and incur massive debts , but your bank account is fine and untouched . 
  it 's what the limited liability bit is about . 
   they used to get pensioner money as a fund with limited responsability , pay a large check to a `` sub contractor '' or something similar in a shell company in some island , declare bankruptcy , and just wire themselves the funds from the shell company . 
  right , that 's actual fraud then . 
  so again , generally illegal everywhere . 
   and it 's been so thanks to legislation pushed by who ? 
  not by the uk actually . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the reason the uk has a massive financial system is in part because it has a really , really good legal system , a good system of contract law and that it all works . 
  the eu is n't responsible for fraud legislation in the uk . 
   and was n't enforced until eu/us-led concerted action to crack down on such fraud . 
  again we were yelled at as it was violating uk 's sovereignty and enforcing `` undemocratic laws '' and shit . 
  really ... because the us and various eu regulatory systems worked really well ... are you kidding me ? 
   and what do the finance laws protect ? 
  everyone that is n't finance . 
  sorry what ? 
  financial regulation tends to be aimed at the banks , when it fails ( as we 've seen a few times ) it harms lots of people ... 
  but that is n't the same as consumer protection legislation . 
   laws that for example say they ca n't evict you and sell your house due to them needing quick money when they are running out of it and you still have a mortgage running . 
  yes . . we 've had those since before eu membrship . .  laws that say they ca n't speculate their entire liquidity reserve and declare bankruptcy , close shop and run with your bank account 's money when they loose their bet . 
  you can essentially do that now within the eu if you set up a company , but you still have to find the money in the first place ...  laws that say they ca n't legally falsify the libor rate to play over 350 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ of market to make a quick few billions scamed out of everyone else . 
  yeah , that 's illegal too . 
  and obviously included rather a lot of banks . .  laws that say they ca n't make pension funds only with the intension of bankrupting them just to run away with the money . 
  yup , those laws exist ( and have been around for a long time ) . 
   laws that say that no you ca n't fund mexican mafia cartels even for a 19 % interest rate . 
  and again those laws exist . 
  i think you may be a tad confused about this whole issue , the uk financial sector is n't lawless . . 
   great idea , mr cameron !, 
  let 's implement it in the uk , shall we ? 
  if scotland had voted for independence it 'd have had that and a lot more , wales and n. ireland could do the same ... 
  but the demand is n't there from anything like a majority , so there is no reason to do so . 
  cameron is balancing public demand here , not unilaterally pushing an agenda - he is n't even being terribly extreme about it . 
  if you think the governments position is extreme or does n't reflect popular opinion , especially on the pound and political union you are kidding yourself . 
  it 's a huge part of the common market , a massive export destination for germany , france , italy etc. . and a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  so ... probably no ? 
   it 's actually something thats not legally binding but shows good will to the people of the uk , which in turn would grant alot of stay in votes . 
  it 'd be legally binding , if it were n't it would n't win any votes , but would garner a lot of suspicion . 
  here comes the corporate/finance world that want to avoid for example eu consumers protection laws ... nope , it is n't about consumer protection laws , or even ` most ' business , it 's about finance and that regulation of the uks financial centres remain principally in london - you will note that the financial regulation aspect of ttip that was leaked some time ago is rather interesting in that context . 
  but that is about banks and finance , not employment law , consumer protections or general pro-business positions . 
  actually i do have a problem with seed patents generally , but comparably it 's really nothing like the same problem , there 's also less to be done about it , although what there is , i 've been supporting . 
  gm seeds are routinely patented , non-gm ones much , much less so . 
  and we were talking about gm - i have issues with various other classes of patent too if you are interested ... 
  there are also some suggestions that the benefits will be fairly minor , but that essentially it will impact the eu ( and uss . . ) ability to regulate effectively , whilst simultaneously harming sections of the eu economy that come into competition with more protected sections of the us economy . 
  i 'm not sure how valid that criticism is ( given it 's still being negotiated and is secret . . ) but there you go . 
  absolutely . 
  but it 's still an anti-gmo position given where we are for most gmo crops . 
  it 'd also mean opposing removal of restrictions until those issues are dealt with ( or only where those issues are dealt with ) . 
  nicely done tidying that lot up and broadly i think you are right in terms of where there have been misunderstandings and indeed i broadly agree with your conclusions . 
  so . . :  so while it is more difficult to mobilise support , once you have you also gain more political influence . 
  this means that while it is more difficult to influence political discussion on a federal level , if you are able to do so , it has a greater consequence . 
  it is , if you will , both an increase in risk and reward . 
  so , a bias toward causes with more resources , less access for ` normal ' people as opposed to organised groups and the impact is greater ... to me that seems less like a fair balance in risk vs reward , and more the movement of governance massively away from the people who live under it ... 
  which is ( as you will remember ) one of the problems i have . 
  it 's not a benefit that you can do more * if * you can get influence at the federal level , because you are locking out far more people . .  here we see a problem we want to solve : entry barriers to influence political decisions . 
  they are naturally lower on the national level than the federal one , while the federal one is of more consequence . 
  this favours actors who are already organised , while it disfavours those who are not . 
  the general citizenry will generally fall into the second category . 
  hence we need to find ways to lower the entry level for the common people . 
  indeed , its something i have spent a lot of the last 10 years working on across a range of issues and in principle . 
  in fact there are a lot of exciting things going on in this area , but few are having an impact . 
  strangely if there was something i 'd point at that was different , it was the scottish independence referendum . 
  there was mass participation and really good , broad debate in the run up . 
  i 'd argue that was because the election was about an issue people cared about , it was a ` local ' issue , and people felt they could impact the outcome ...  i would think that a beefed-up version of the eu citizen 's initiative . 
  have you had any experience with it ? 
  do you think this is viable ? 
  the eu citizens initiative is interesting but , much like the national versions that have cropped up not really manageable . 
  i 've been involved in promoting a few and the barriers to entry are still pretty massive and the outcome arguably even less useful . 
  realistically i 'd argue that having legislators accountable to their voters is the key thing but i 'm not sure how you do that effectively with a federal institution at all , again the scale is massive and small issues get lost . 
  it either becomes binary by default , or defaults to binary representations via coalitions . 
  however , i 'd like to briefly get back to the initial premise , because i think we 've lost it somewhere . 
  i think it started with * it 's all the federalist that are desperate for a european superstate . 
  * can you not see the entirely valid concern that people might have about a federalist rush toward a european superstate - especially one created haphazardly out of the eu ? 
  you have made it clear just how much work that there would be to build a functioning federal european state , you agree that there are dangers , and want to find ways around them - even where we disagree , you 've made it clear that getting to here , to where you want to be would be complex and require deliberate work and popular support . 
  so surely you would be concerned about a rushed implementation of a european superstate ? 
  i 'd assume you 'd be worried that it would n't work , would cause tensions and then suffer something like the 2008 crash and implode - leaving a europe even less keen on the idea of unity . . 
  if you wanted to convince a british voter to vote leave in the eu referendum , one of the easiest ways of doing it would be to argue for closer political union leading to a federal europe based on the eu . 
  not because a federal europe is impossible , or there are n't potentially decent structures , but because handing that kind of power without utterly rebuilding the eu to the eu is ... well , you know what it is . 
  things like the buy america act are pretty problematic in that context , although i 'd be interested to see if ttip actually gets round any of that . . 
  wait . . you have to be for everything now , or you are being non-constructive ? 
  til . 
  so i take it being opposed to gmo from a patent and biodiversity perspective is somehow a bad thing ? 
  ( no problems with the gm bit at all ... but business practices and ip are an issue that get rolled into it ... ) and having an issue with fracking where it has an impact on local communities and where actual questions ( like water use . . ) have n't been answered is now also a problem ? 
  wow . 
   yes the eu did n't start it but it is the reason it is still around and progressing , did n't david cameron want to start dismantling them ? 
  i do n't think the eu is ... and as to david cameron ( who is pro-eu ... ) i 'm sure he 'd like to cut back of a few , and then the next labour pm we get will want to push for more . 
  the balance is somewhere in between and the direction of travel is still very much pro-consumer , pro-worker when you compare it to even 10 years ago . .  well i am not advocating to treat it like a buffet just saying there is a lot of information to be used . 
  and i know there are tons of differences but i do n't think anybody wants to force an armed police force onto the uk population . 
  i was n't grabbing a specific , i was making a point on how we got to where we are and how that diversity is still valuable . . 
  i suppose i question the need for harmonisation in most things and from that am concerned about the way harmonisation on an ever wider basis seems to be a consequence of centralising political power more ...  i think the big difference in views derives from seeing the same problems but some people wanting to risk trying it and some do n't . 
  and of course assessing the risk . 
  a lot of people see how powerful merkel is within the eu and think the eu is dominated by germany but to me the problem seems to be the eu does n't have the authority and of course the strongest eu member being able to strong arm the others . 
  ( and in other situations germany just representing a lot of other countries who are very happy for germany being the `` uncool parent '' ) for me the end of the eu would just mean a lot of other countries having to follow the lead of their strong neighbors without having any influence , so even an imperfekt eu is better than nothing you realise of course that the argument against federalisation is n't an argument against the existence of the eu ? 
  and i think the ops point on this is still the most appropriate , people in the uk are concerned with the notion of an eu superstate and that the eu seems to be pushing for that . 
  it does n't have to push for that and it can still exist perfectly well as a union of sovereign states without a federal structure ... 
  the people pushing for a federal structure seem to be doing so on the basis that the eu could then start to counter balance china , ` india in 50 years ' , russia and the us in terms of foreign policy , military and the economy ... 
  i do n't think it 's necessary or that these are terribly good reasons . 
  that does n't mean i do n't see a need for something like the eea , or even the eu , albeit with a change of direction and probably some minor reform . 
   luckily for us , there are people who spent their entire life devoted to constitutional law .
