  second largest economy in the eu and third largest population ... not being a part of the euro ? 
  priceless . 
  ha , try buying a house built before 1960 and getting away without using imperial measurements , it 's possible , but it 's torture . 
  also , we should go back to non-decimal currency just to mess with people ( or make it a condition of joining the euro that it 's non decimal ? ), 
  possibly not at the federal level on the desktop , but certainly in other areas ( and back end massively . . ) . 
  i have n't looked at or for a german foss strategy recently so . . 
  sorry , what should be established in the whole of europe ? 
  i understand that quite a few governments ( including big ones like germany , the uk and france ) are pushing foss internally , but it hardly seems an eu matter - in fact i think various eu institutions have decent open source strategies too . 
   some people wo n't listen anyways . 
  there were a few people making the point that they would stay ( or continue to go ) because they did n't want to hand a victory to the terrorists and harm people in tunisia dependant on tourism . 
  i wonder what the reaction to this ( as a new threat ) will be . 
  mildly amusing that to make that point you used three languages two of them effectively dead . 
   to be fair , kind of different when your citizens have such restricted access to guns that almost all of them , before 2001 , had never even seen a gun in person their entire lives . 
  guns are n't common , but it is n't that hard to get a shotgun or firearm certificate and going shooting is a fairly common sport . 
  i mean , here are more guns per head in the uk than there are in ireland , the netherlands , bulgaria , hungary and poland ( and that 's just europe . . ) and yet fewer police shootings . 
  it 's about decent regulation . 
  oh and obviously the biggest reason that a fair number of people in the uk wo n't have seen a gun is because the police do n't generally carry them . . 
  governments will and do spy on other governments , there is arguably a responsibility on governments to do that in the interests of protecting their citizens . . 
  i have very little issue with the nsa or anyone for that matter trying to spy on my government or any other , but i 'd expect those governments to make that job hard . 
  what is utterly unacceptable is our governments helping the nsa and others spy on all of us . 
   under those circumstances i do n't really think it 's that fair blaming the union for the time it takes to reform itself . 
  i 'm not blaming it , i 'm saying that structurally , reform ca n't come directly from public pressure , it has to come indirectly via member states . 
   to be honest i 'm kinda surprised at how decisive the eurozone was at reforming some of the institutions around the euro with the banking union , in response to the financial and economic crises in europe . 
  that showed how determined our heads of states can be to reform the union when it 's deemed important . 
  i 'd sort of agree with that , i suppose the key point there is that the eurozone ( almost by definition ) includes countries more committed to closer integration and that obviously when you are talking about money , you have to work together and address issues . 
  i 'd probably also argue that the mechanisms for the latter actually seem fairly lacking , but hey . 
   thats what i find most funny when he starts to complain about a lack of democracy in the eu . . why ? 
  he was elected to the eu parliament and was n't to the british parliament , both use very different electoral systems and have different approaches in terms of how representation works . . ukip got over 4 million votes in the eu elections in the uk , ending up with 24 seats on a 34 % turnout ( which is pitiful ) it also 3.8 million votes in the general election , ending up with ... 1 seat ( compared to the 68 seats that the lib dems and snp got between them with about 3.8 million votes between them too . . ) on a turnout of 66 % . 
  i do n't think it is incorrect to say that ukip has significant support in the uk , and like it or not , ukips positions clearly appeal to a lot of uk voters as a national party and as meps . 
  but the eu does have a democratic deficit , it does lack accountability in many areas and transparency in others . 
  there are real issues that need to be addressed . 
  now without sounding like a kipper ( because i do n't support ukip or what they stand for . . ) the fact that the uk has some issues in terms of proportional representation and so on does n't excuse the issues within europe and , probably most importantly , the uk at least reform itself if there is a push to do it from people , whilst that may well not be true of the eu . . 
  oddly your understanding and farages intent are probably not that far apart ... 
  i know there are parties critical of the eu within the parliament , i guess i do n't understand what that meant in relation to the op 's surprise that people ` like that get elected ' . 
  it would seem utterly unsurprising that there will be a range of opinions about the eu represented by meps after all . 
  what ? 
   seems like you can leave your stuff at the checkout if they do n't present you a receipt . 
  well , i suppose you can do that if you do n't like the shirt the cashier is wearing ( presumably you have n't paid so . . ) . . 
  although that does make more sense than getting free shopping . .  and of course in restaurants you 'd still have to pay . 
  makes sense given you can hardly leave the goods/services behind . . 
  frankly i 'd be really surprised if non-payment because you are n't going to be given a receipt is legal anywhere , i 'm fairly sure that in the uk there is no requirement to give a receipt at all ( but most places do , and there are requirements when it comes to various transactions , vat and invoices and so on ) . 
  so basically i 'd love to see a citation on the right not to pay if no receipt is provided in greece . . 
   in britain not the uk , never been used on the british main land . 
  fair enough , although even on the mainland been deployed for all sorts of things , including security at heathrow . 
  just not policing riots . . 
   the only time we never get them involved is during riots . 
  yes we do , see northern ireland ... 
  it 's down to the civil power to request support , but it is there . 
  the military is actually arguably very well equipped and trained to deal with this kind of scenario ( as opposed to a direct policing role . . ) it 's effectively manpower intensive guarding , operating checkpoints and area denial . 
  they are likely better equipped than the police to do that ( and i do mean in a non-lethal manner . . ) . 
  i assume we would n't be asking the military to carry out a policing role , or an investigative one , so in all seriousness this does n't seem like a terribly valid objection . 
  the military should only be used when there is a request from the police for support - but there is no reason why under those circumstances the military should n't be used . 
  good to see , the independent seems to be doing better ( and the i is a good concept too ) and investment in the new regional tv stuff is excellent , londonlive seems to be doing well . 
  hopefully they both become self sustaining and profitable , but in the meantime its good to see investment from investors happy to work to turn things around !, 
   there is , and it is called vat . 
  sort of but not really . 
  members states collect vat ( and define the amounts etc. . . ) and a tiny proportion goes to the eu , same for import duties . 
  it 's not quite the same as having a eu wide income tax system ( which lets face it , very few people would want anyway ) . 
  ah , but looking at it through the lens of american politics does n't make a lot of sense . 
  a lot of what seems to be seen as normal in the us really is n't common elsewhere , oddly enough even countries without separation of church and state have a far healthier approach to religion than the us seems to . 
  to put it into context , i know a lot of christians , my kids go to a state faith school , i 've done a fair bit of interfaith engagement stuff with work , and yet i do n't think i 've met a creationist , literalist , outright evolution denier or proponent of creative design ( in the us guiding hand model ) . 
  i assume it 's not all raving lunacy in the us ( i assume reddit exaggerates ) but i do n't think it is unfair to say that for a country with formal separation between church and state , the us has massively more religion in its politics . 
  to be clear , he was asked ` whether humans are descended from apes ' , but it is not clear at all what the question was . 
  the answer :  `` i think there is a creator god behind it . 
  how he has done it , i have n't considered too much , '' he said . 
  does n't suggest anything about process ( the specific * ` how he has done it , i have n't considered too much ' * ) . 
  to me that reads more like the classic ` evolution is how we got here , that 's how god set the universe up ' line than anything else . 
  i suppose the point is that the statement you quote would match the views of 99 % + of christians , they believe there is a god and he created the universe/us/everything etc. . 
  i mean if as a christian you do n't believe that i 'm not sure what you have left to believe in . 
  it 's hardly a radical position , it does n't suggest extreme positions like bible literalism , creationism or indeed intelligent design ( he explicitly does n't suggest a mechanism ) . 
  he literally makes it clear that he believes god is responsible for creation , but does n't know how ( again , like pretty much every other type of moderate christian , when you get down to it ) . 
  now personally i do n't really get faith , i do n't entirely understand nor do i find religion terribly compelling , but in this case if those are the most controversial quotes available , and he 's made it clear he will be objective , then hey , i have no objections . 
  there are scientists ( in all sorts of fields ) with similar positions and it does n't impact in their study and there are politicians in lots of countries that are christian to this sort of degree and do n't take extreme views . 
  i think trying to squeeze it into an equivalence with the kind of madness we occasionally see from more religious states , or even the us is a bit unfair unless there is a lot more information to support it . 
  pushed something called the interception modernisation programme , which morphed into the communications capabilities development programme , snoopers charter etc. . 
  although mass scale surveillance of communications is already a thing and whilst gchq seems to be at the center of it , so are rather a lot of other intelligence agencies ( nsa obviously ) . 
  where ` product ' is shared , and who has access to raw data may be interesting , but hey . 
  the legality of all of this is arguable ( in the uk and elsewhere ) of course , but national security generally seems to grant broad exceptions and those agencies tend to have broad powers . 
  i assume a military coup would mean expulsion from the eu ( never mind the eurozone . . ) so would presumably compound the issue . . 
   that are jsut examples i thought up in 10 seconds . 
  the interesting thing is that i do n't have to show my id to use a train ticket , nor do i need it to withdraw money , or when dealing with the police , local government or anything else . 
  if i have an accident and i 'm driving i would need to produce a driving license at some point , but if i 'm not ( and i generally would n't be ) i would n't need any id . 
  so i suppose the question is why do you need to show a government issue id for your train ticket , or when speaking to the police or government department ? 
  is it actually necessary ? 
  i 'm mildly intrigued as to whether there is a significant difference in the level of identity theft , or giving false details to the point that it has an impact on legal processes etc. . 
  i ca n't seem to find any easily comparable stats at the moment . 
  i currently do n't own anything that would work as valid photo id ( my passport expired about a year ago ) . 
  but then i generally do n't need any , it 's almost odd to think about having to prove your id beyond travelling abroad . . 
   it certainly does n't mean there are n't centre-right europhiles in the uk though . 
  it does n't , i know a fair few ( and centre-left euro-sceptics too for that matter ) . 
   regarding the epp there still is n't much they can do if there is n't a party here that will affiliate with them . 
  absolutely , i think my flippant remark was more about the shoehorning of a democratic mandate on something where it broadly does n't work and certainly does n't look it . 
  it 's a bit of an absurdity really , people in the uk already accept a fairly abstract system that is practically designed to not result in representative governments , but that process is at least somewhat understood , the way the presidency was communicated was . . well bizarre . 
  i watched the debates and various other bits , but even then it really did n't come across as something that matched the hype ( and that in turn harms trust ) . 
  anyway ... 
   far better to stay in an influential group and try to affect change from within it than to sit alone on the sidelines . 
  arguably yes , but it 's hard to square their position domestically with what the epp stands for . 
  that would be a serious political problem domestically and in the run up to the debate and referendum . 
   ni voters can not vote for the main uk parties . 
  ( i really do wonder if i 'm walking into this ... ) does that make representative democracy in the uk a joke ?
