  and how is china addressing that ? 
  massive capital investments in roads and rail , it 's literally moving millions of people into pre-fab cities and it 's moving millions of people out of poverty and creating markets for chinese manufacturers ... and it is doing so whilst limiting market access to us firms ( you will note that there is huge demand in the us to gain access to the chinese market these days , that 's because it is a massive number of people who are slowly coming into money ... ) . 
   consequently , china largely lacks the capacity to generate its own capital and its own technology on a large scale . 
  again , not any more . 
  it is creating capital and it has a massive number of domestic savers turned investors ( and the current market conditions are n't good for those people ... but still better than they were 10 years ago . . ) . .  china depends on the american-dominated seas for both receiving raw materials and shipping their products to global markets now this is very true , china has n't really invested in the ability to project force worldwide or to protect its own sea-lanes . 
  but that capacity is now being built , although i do n't think it 's because there is a need for china to actually protect that access , after all , there is really no-one who wants to shut them , who is in a position to . .  and are keenly aware that the most important of those markets is the united states . 
  as such , they are willing to compromise on most issues , so long as the united states continues to allow freedom of the seas and an open market . 
  china exports more within asia than it does to the us , almost twice as much , it exports almost as much to europe as it does to the us . 
  the same is true for imports ( except imports from europe are greater than imports from the us ) . 
  yes , the us is china 's single largest export destination , but it has interests globally and it is looking to diversify . 
  the argument that china simply ca n't go counter to us interests because of the size of us/chinese bilateral trade is n't really valid anymore , it actually comes down to whether the harm is greater than the benefit for china ( and the us . . ) . 
   china may bluster -- seeing nationalism as a useful means of holding the regions of the country together -- but it is not seeking a conflict with the united states . 
  this is absolutely true , china is not seeking conflict with the us , there simply is n't any upside ... 
  although there are potential areas of conflict being pushed into the fore at the moment , between taiwan and chinese interests in both asia and africa . . 
  still , china is n't in a position to confront the us militarily and it knows it . . 
  however this analysis :  after all , the united states utterly controls the seas and the american market , and american security policy prevents the remilitarization of japan . 
  is somewhat skewed . 
  the us is n't preventing the remilitarisation of japan , it is pushing japan to further remilitarise and to act as a counterbalance ( together with regional allies . . ) to china in asia . 
  right now ( ha , today in fact ! ), 
  it seems less like the us holding back japan from becoming a threat to china , and more the us egging japan on to do just that . . 
  it 's also fairly accurate to say that the us market for chinese goods , from computers and technology , through to industrial plant and aircraft parts is now one that is n't so much under us control , as it is a globalized one . 
  access to chinese manufacturing is pretty vital to the us economy these days . .  the pillars of recent chinese success are made in america . 
  chinese growth over the last few decades has been at least in part down to the us , but china has and continues to work to make sure it is n't beholden to one power ... 
  it is doing that through trade with the whole world , including europe , it is securing resource access in africa and via russia and iran , it is opening up internal and external markets for its own goods . . and not as much as stratfor seems to hope , rests with america now . 
  yes , china 's past , has been heavily shaped by access to us markets and ` pax americana ' but it 's future is n't tied ti the us . 
   stratfor does not see chinese power continuing to expand in the economic sphere on a global scale . 
  and yet china is and has ( 2011 article and all ) , chinese influence has grown not shrunk ( as you can see from this article in fact . . ) . 
   china suffers under an unstable financial and economic system that will collapse under its own weight regardless of what the united states does , so the united states turning introverted is not going to save china . 
  that is far from certain , it might of course but if it does n't , then we have a country of 1.4 billion , growing internal markets , a serious , modern and capable industrial base with a lot of trading partners and influence . 
  there is no certainty of collapse ( those that are sound very similar to those who think the us will collapse in the very near future . . ) indeed it does n't seem very likely at all ... 
  so . . that 's why i do n't think that analysis is great ... * edit : typos and tidying ... *, 
  that really is n't a good analysis , especially on chinese debt , priorities or capabilities and whilst in 2011 , in the middle of the ` china is crashing ' trend , it may have been somewhat popular , it clearly is n't the case now , and was n't really in 2011 either . . 
  in terms of impact and timing , this seems a bit silly . 
  there is still way too little official support for the idea generally at national levels across the eu , ( with some exceptions ) . 
  basically the eu has no real credibility in calling for this ( trying to annex national military expenditure if you believe some of the stuff out there . . ) , but keeps doing so anyway ... not to mention that the realities of what might be possible ( cooperation , sharing facilities , some sort of integrated , but voluntary command ) vs the call for an ` army ' make it even more absurd , doubly so when we get the sop to those opposing the idea that it 'd be voluntary anyway so not a threat ( and so also probably not a thing for those countries that have next to no military capacity and spending anyway ... ) . 
  lets add to that the fact that the uk almost certainly would n't ` join ' ( and already has some essentially eu wide capacity centred on it 's jrrf and contributes to the whole eu battle-group concept ) , that support from france probably would n't be a thing either and building the core of any military force around germany ( who is cutting back spending ) does n't seem that valuable . 
  indeed the last time i checked the uk was eager to actually prevent such a thing in the context of the eu given there are lots of other structures in place already ... oh and even in this concept , anyone seeing it as a counter to russia has to be totally mad , that is what nato is for and there is no point duplicating that with less capacity . 
  there pretty much ca n't be an ` eu ' nuclear deterrent , and i do n't see any country putting control of significant forces into the hands of anyone else on anything other than a short term basis ... 
  essentially as an ` army ' this is dead in the water , as a beefed up version of the battlegroups it 's a bit pointless and all in all it seems like posturing . 
  which is stupid too , because it is the kind of posturing that will push people in the uk to vote to bin the eu altogether . . 
   the real number of believers might be very very low , despite the behaviour of the group . 
  it might even be zero !, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/business/wonkblog/majority-illusion/ ) is quite interesting in context - but really , when it comes to politics , even campus politics , the best way to figure out what people think is a few beers , some food and a frank discussion ... 
  if you ca n't have that , it 's all a bit pointless !, 
  plus , it only gets angrier and bitter as you get older . . 
   it shows wealth , but can you say that a british is 20 times wealthier than a romanian ? 
  i do n't know ... 
  i mean ... can you see that difference in his day to day life ? 
  i doubt that it will be at that scale . 
  sure , if both want to liquidate everything the british will have much more money ... 
  the point is that standard of living is dependent on your means ( which includes wealth ) and the cost of living . 
  but you can look at it separately too which is what this does . 
   sure , if both want to liquidate everything the british will have much more money ... 
  i suppose there the point would be that some ( a fair number ... ) of brits do sell up and move to spain , italy and elsewhere . 
  hell , i looked at house price in berlin a little while ago and realised i could sell up here and move into something rather nice and well located and reduce my normal cost of living too . . all without having much of an impact on my earnings ... 
   interesting . 
  yeah , this might just be my crowd , since my encounters happened on a university campus . 
  a lot of them want borders done away with entirely , and react very very badly to being told why this is a terrible idea . 
  ah yeah , oddly a tougher crowd . .  i am glad that there are rational leftists out there in the open somewhere . 
  guardian commenters ' surprise at seeing them left me with the impression that it 's like this everywhere !, 
  quite a few , but sometimes it does bend around to the other extreme too . 
  takes all kinds i guess - and yeah , if you are using the comment sections anywhere to assess how people really think you 'd be under the impression the world was going to hell in a handcart ... 
  which it probably is , but a bit more slowly than many might suggest ... 
   as a left-winger i 'm afraid i have to disagree , i have done this before and found myself profoundly alone each time . 
   and then later on , in private , people admit that they agree with you . 
  it 's sad . 
  this is why the guardian 's comments have lefties who sincerely believe that the anti-immigration posts which get 100 recommendations are the result of ukip bots . 
  yes , really . 
  they 've literally never seen anyone on the left express those views publicly . 
  depends what views to a certain extent i suppose , but i 've advocated for a points based immigration system , immigration caps , fast tracked asylum processes ( because frankly it 's inhumane to have asylum seekers waiting months and years for a decision ... ) and whilst i 've had some problems , they tend to be fringe rather than the norm . 
  if anything i 'd say that your view of the likely reaction is generally not what i 'd expect whether it was in the pub or at a local labour branch meeting ... 
  it 'd be closer to what you are talking about with some of the other group meets i 've been to ( that tends to have a significant green/anti-border/anti-country / global solidarity feel , but that 's a different set of arguments again . . ) . 
   you ca n't even talk about it in liberal circles without being labelled a fascist . 
  it 's completely fucking absurd . 
  yes , you can , just not enough people do ( and even then i 'd say that only has an impact on a certain segment of the left . . ) ... 
  so , go forth , and be branded a fascist by some but you certainly wo n't be alone . 
   what i 'm trying to say is that putting things this way do n't show an accurate picture . 
  what you are saying is that it does n't show the picture you 'd like it to show ( that basically including ppp as a variable . . ) but it does show wealth . 
   to be fair , you have to consider that $ 1 in romania is worth more than $ 1 in belgium , especially if you look at services . 
  for example , you could get a haircut in romania for like $ 3 , but to get the same haircut in belgium , you 'd probably need to part yourself with like $ 20 . 
  indeed , but i can sell my house in belgium and move to romania , or just spend my money there if i want to too ( adding demand to the housing market and potentially raising prices ... ) . 
  i think the point is that ppp is useful for some things , but not always , the cost of living differences tend to come down to where people want to be as much as anything else ... 
  there is essentially a bit of a feedback mechanisms in there . 
   i mean ... a house in romania is no different than a house in belgium , yet the price of that house in belgium is 5-6 times higher . 
  the difference is that someone is willing to pay 5-6 times more . 
  so if i own a house in romania and sell it , i can do 5-6 times less things with the money than if i sold a house i owned in belgium . . 
  it 's real wealth . 
  according to the report , yes . 
   i assume nato countries are aware of other nato drones . 
  you 'd think so , but stuff does go wrong on occasion , friendly fire incidents are a problem between forces that operate very closely together so i can see them being an issue in this context too ( where there seems to be less coordination . . ) . 
  yeah , i just saw that , although it 's still about 50/50 . . what happened to the claim of the shoot down on the 10th ? 
  if it was russian and in syrian airspace it 'd be a huge fuck up , but then again i 'm betting that the air picture over syria and indeed the border area with turkey is muddy as hell at the moment , without any further details there is n't a lot of point getting too excited . 
  although someone should check that malaysia airlines is n't missing anything . . 
   the eu has institutions that embody the three powers . 
  we 're quite beyond the `` just some treaties '' stage . 
  firstly , the eu is based upon a set of treaties , that is literally it . 
  it does n't embody the ` three powers ' because it does n't have an independent government ( the structures simply are n't set up that way ) nor the ability to enter into relations with other states , essentially even by the weakest possible definitions the eu does n't come close to being a country ( and does n't claim to obviously . . ) . 
  it is n't a state in much the same way that local governments are n't suddenly countries just because they have fixed population , a government of some sort and geographic boundaries ... 
  i mean , you have parish councils in the uk that you could qualify as a country more easily than the eu ( at least they have tax raising powers . . ) . 
  we are n't beyond the ` just some treaties ' stage because that is all it takes for the union to exist , and all it takes for the union to fall apart .
