  the only anti-eu voting options were also tied closely to a bunch of badly organised , slightly racist ( or very racist ) nationalists ... 
  i think it shows more how many undecided s there are that can be influenced by current events . . 
  it 's only really recently that it has become a critical issue in electoral politics again ( previously the vast majority of people voted for a pro-eu labour party , a pro-eu conservative party or pro-eu liberal democrats ) . 
  there have however been periods where that support by the parties has shifted , or where issues have been more important to people , essentially where the eu looks like it might be relevant and actually have an impact on their lives . 
  if a major party were to change it 's position it would make a very large dent in the direction of votes over a reasonably short period of time ... 
  i mean , the whole panic over corbyn 's potential euroscepticism , and concerns about the euroscept wing of the conservative party are clear pointers on that . 
  but there is an element of short termism , and indeed of people just not caring that much about it because it does n't feel like the eu is terribly relevant most of the time . 
  implied by the term credit , although i 'm not sure what hope there would be for repayment so it may end up being the kind of loan that is expected never to be repaid . 
   so former chancellor does n't count ? 
  to be fair it does n't , but a multibillion euro project to connect a gas pipeline to a country that germany has sanctions against probably should have some government involvement ... 
   besides , we all know there wo n't be big eu changes with the timelines the uk desires . 
  the problem with that is that it looks like there is a massive unwillingness on the part of the eu to even discuss change ... 
  yet if you look at the breakdown of the polls on a uk exit , the most favourable position for staying in is in an eu with significant reforms . 
  if that ca n't happen , a lot of the people wavering ( which is a huge number ) and some of those convinced by the ` reformed eu ' position may well either vote to leave , or simply not vote to remain . . that 's not good . 
   so , this all looks like the uk pumping itself up to leave right now there is a debate , the uk is n't pumping itself up either way ( in fact there is at least as much doom and gloom and scaremongering about the uk leaving the eu as there is about eu membership . . ) . 
   do you think london would really respect it and just leave all the benefits ( energy , maritime , etc ) they get from scotland ?? 
  yes . 
  if scotland had voted to leave that 's exactly what would have happened . 
  scotland is an important part of the uk , of course it is , but its not so vital that the uk would have tried to force them to remain if they had wanted to , it would have been untenable in every sense and utterly illegitimate . 
  no , cameron said he might consider it if he ca n't get any of his reforms through . 
  cameron is absolutely pro-eu , he leads a pro-eu government and has basically been pushed into a referendum by the eurosceptic parts of his government , plus the increasing support for eurosceptic parties . 
  the idea that he is anti-eu is absurd and pretty clearly false given his positions . . 
   scotland is way more pro-eu then the rest of britain . 
  scotland is way more undecided , and quite a bit more pro-eu than parts of england . 
  it 's not the only area where there is more support for the eu than against , and it 's not total support for the eu either . 
   the brexit counter vote is clearly strengthened by the scots , if britain leaves the eu , sure , it would strengthen a faster scottish independence vote but the expectation is that this will also come if the brexit campaign fails for example . 
  there is an assumption that this is true , but its hard from certain . 
  essentially its conditional , if the uk were to vote to leave , but scotland voted significantly to remain it could trigger a referendum again a few years down the line , but that may well not happen . 
  and of course there is the mild issue with the reverse as well , england could well vote to leave by some slim margin , whilst scotland votes to remain by a larger margin ( at which point the uk would remain ) ... that 's fine though scots have as much say as anyone else in the future of the uk , they are part of it after all ... 
  i think you are right and wrong . 
  there are certainly a group of people that have more issues with romanians or poles ( although , not that much anymore . . ) or indeed indians and pakistani migrants , but the issue does seem to have broadened out far beyond issues of culture and race to one of sheer numbers . 
  the arguments about strain on the nhs and housing supply would be the same if it were romanians , indians , americans or dutch people . 
  i think there is an assumption that this is all about xenophobia and racisms and of course for some people it is , but not for all by a long shot , for a lot of people it is about employment , infrastructure and housing . 
  for those people the issue is absolute migration . . 
   you can always put in the same controls for them as for eu members , if that 's the problem . 
  which would be open migration , which would defeat the argument that those who want to control migration are trying to make . 
   i do n't see the problem . 
  what are n't you able to control ? 
  eu citizens can not move over to the uk and demand handouts , if that 's your problem . 
  this is n't my argument , as i said , i like the idea of free movement as part of the uks relationship with the eu ( and indeed what we had in place with ireland before . . ) . 
  the problem for people who do , is that eu citizens can more to the uk without going through an application and assessment process , whilst those from america , canada , india etc. . ca n't . 
  if they want to limit migration , the idea of having a whole class of people that they do n't see as being any more or less welcome than any other ( eu citizens . . ) being able to enter , remain and work in the uk without being able to limit their numbers is a problem . 
  does that make sense ? 
  the issue is control , not benefits or similar . 
   a rejection for somebody applying for asylum at the border is possible if the responsible country according to dublin-iii is known . 
  i was under the impression that applied if an asylum seeker applied in country , not at the border , it would be one of the grounds for denying a claim and is grounds for removal . 
  at the border , entry clearance can simply not be granted if the point of origin is known . 
  you do n't have to let people cross your border . . its not uncommon for people with uk visa issues to be turned away at a port or at passport controls for the eurostar , the passenger then is n't allowed into the uk and is sent back to their point of origin . . 
   and you have missed my point . 
  my bio clearly dictates i 'm not a fan of the neoliberal approach of the ecb and the new hanseatic league . 
  still i think the consolidation of the no-euro policy serves no good intention in this particularly difficult time since everyone can see the monetary parallelism in europe will be maintained in any foreseeable future ; making a fuss about it is only deemed as political adventurism . 
  indeed , but using eu institutions for the purpose of supporting the eurozone is still problematic and obviously more of a problem for non eurozone countries . 
  if you look at the handling of the eurozone crisis and the various comments about the impossibility of having a eurozone country default , or leave the single currency it becomes clear that change is desperately needed to ensure that any future crisis , or the continuation of the greek crisis can be contained . .  see the essence of cherry picking is that you do n't want to be part of a mess when you were doing well and you do n't want to be parted when you 've become a mess . 
  see , this is absurd . 
  the uk does n't want to be part of a mess when it removed itself from something , then did n't have a say in the development of that ( because it opted out , ) and because where the uk has opted out of something it had to give something for the opt out ... people always seem to miss the point that the opt outs were n't free , they were negotiated and there was give and take , and the opt outs were asked for for a reason ... now people are annoyed at the opt outs because they feel that they somehow mean the uk should voluntarily put itself in a worse position than it negotiated ...  that 's exactly why the brexit hype got on everyone 's nerves . 
  the actual exit 'll be a bigger shock then ...  on a minor sidenote : the boe do have a fair share in the ecb , even not as a member of eurozone . 
  indeed it does , and it has a stake in ensuring the euro does well too ... 
   true . 
  i forgot about the issue with spain . 
  the argument was that they might oppose scottish independence within the eu on principle to not give the basques an incentive to secede , right ? 
  yeah , it was essentially intended as a disincentive for secessionists , including their own . 
   when scotland is independent they can try to ask for eu membership themselves . 
  the uk has veto powers to prevent scotland from joining ( the expectation is that the spanish government will do this if catalonia enforces its independence claims and tries to join the european union on its own ) . 
  yes . . 
  but the scenario being that the uk would n't be an eu member any more . 
  at that point the uk would n't have any veto powers . 
   lately he has clearly hinted to join the brexit campaign as its leader . 
  he has always hinted to do this if brussels is not willing to discuss certain policies with him , and he feels that the british claims are not taken seriously , so the rumors ( empowered by himself ) have grown stronger . 
  yes , but his stated position ( and position for a very long time on the eu . . ) has been that it needs reform but he 'd rather see the uk in the eu than out of it . 
  if he lead the exit campaign it 'd change the complexion of the debate in the uk almost entirely , it 'd also mean that leave had government support . 
   many cabinet members are for brexit so i do n't think we can say the position of the government is to remain in the eu , maybe not out as well , but there is still time . 
  i think we can say that given the government has also said that it does n't intend to plan for an exit . 
  the campaigns have n't really begun in earnest yet , but i think people , especially in this sub seem to assume the pm and government want the uk out , they very much do n't and i do think unless something very serious changes that that 's where we 'll be in the run up too . 
  if you look at polling in scotland , there are fewer people who support the uk leaving the eu ( although , be aware that for most polls , there are fewer people who want the uk to leave the eu across the entire uk anyway although that is changing ) . 
  so the notion is that if there is a significant difference in how scotland votes , that this might be a reason for the scottish government to set up another referendum on independence in the future , paving the way for scotland to leave the uk and then look to rejoin the eu as an independent state . 
  it 's far from guaranteed though and would depend heavily on what the referendum result looks like . 
  probably also worth pointing out the counter to that , the uk could end up remaining in the eu on the back of scottish votes if it 's close and views in scotland harden against leaving ( so a slim majority in england vote to leave , a larger majority in scotland vote to remain , the uk remains in the eu against the wishes of most voters in england ... ) . 
  the point of course is that scotland is part of the uk at present so it votes as part of the uk and that will remain the case until scottish voters want to change the situation . 
  to be fair , the suggestion was that there would be opposition from the eu on membership , there was some suggestion that the uk would be part of that , but there was a much larger focus on spanish opposition given the issues that exist in spain with secession . 
  essentially it 'd only take one country to block scottish membership . . 
   there are more immigrants coming from british ex-colonies than from the eu . 
  indeed , but the point is having the same controls for both , not that one particular set of origins should face a less discriminating process than any other . 
  personally i prefer free movement , but you can see the point that is being made about control , not just numbers . 
  and people that want to see the same migration rules apply regardless of country of origin . . that seems to be a fairly common suggestion , i.e , why a german worker can work in the uk without any issues but a us one ca n't . 
  maybe someone could correct me , but as i understand it , if the asylum seeker has come indirectly the uk would n't have to process an application at all , they would simply refuse entry and return them to their point of origin . . 
  if the asylum seeker manages to enter the uk illegally they can apply for asylum ( hence the people hiding on trucks . . ) , but not at the border before entry ... that makes given you know the country they have just come from ( it 's france . . ) . 
  obviously it 's harder for france as they wo n't necessarily know and it 'd be different if they were coming from syria or similar directly by plane . . 
  but as i understand if , if they are coming from france , entry can be refused and the ferry/rail/airline is responsible for dropping them back . 
  if they are in calais , they are n't arriving at the british border and they are n't in a position to claim asylum in the uk . 
  protecting the uk 's border is a uk responsibility but the uk can prevent entry which makes it a problem that the french are best positioned to deal with , unless they want to move the uk border onto the continent proper ( and not just passport checks ) . 
  i 've heard people say that if they move the passport checks back to the uk that would solve the french aspect of the problem , but it would n't ... 
  the uk can still deny entry at the uk border and return people who have travelled over on the ferry/train and then the ferry/rail operator ( or airline for that matter . . ) would be responsible for returning them to their point of origin . 
   we need to make the uk an extremely hostile place for these people in order to deter them from coming . 
  the question is how you do that . 
  as much as people like to make out it is , the uk is n't a soft touch for asylum seekers - although processing takes far too long . 
  the notion that they are attracted by benefits is n't really valid because if they are n't in the asylum system they ca n't claim them anyway , and if they are , what they can claim is well below the level of jsa , they ca n't choose their accommodation and they ca n't work ( and obviously if they go through the asylum route , they have to actually qualify . . ) . 
  some of the solutions - a national id card , making employers , doctors , teachers and so on carry out checks seems like a good idea , but realistically all it does is shift the burden and erode the liberties of people in the uk ... 
  the answer is dealing with the situation at the border - and that really means france has to step up ( and the uk should offer what support it can . . ) . 
  france is in a shitty situation because it ca n't easily prevent these people getting to calais via it 's normal border protections ( or lack thereof on the schengen sides at least ) , they should be dealing with them at calais , but again that 's 18000 people , something like a quarter of the uk prison population , hardly a small task . 
  yes the uk should ( and it does . . ) go after employers who employ illegal immigrants , it should detain and remove illegal immigrants more vigorously ( without entirely wrecking the systems that give actual refugees access to help ) but the uk is fighting perceptions .
