  if you dont then accept the consequences of being in an union . 
  you cant have the cake and eat it too . 
  this one is sort of not a negotiating position , because the referendum is happening either way ... 
  its an easy jab , a bit like claiming that germany is building the 5th reich via the eu ... 
  they appeal to a certain demographic and can easily be seen as ' a bad thing ' by most people who they are intended to appeal to ... 
  i should make some posters . 
   this topic however shows that people are increasingly annoyed by the uk its attitude . 
  and by the uk and it 's attitude , we are talking about the pro-eu prime minister of the uk , rather than say the people , given there are a lot of different attitudes ... ? 
   one single member state can not speak for the union as a whole , specifically about what it ` needs ' . 
  i can not shake the idea that britain again wants a special treatment that - as pointed out elsewhere - undermines the entire idea of a union in the first place . 
  i do n't think the union was supposed to be designed as something that ignored the needs of its members , i thought it was about being better able to fulfil and balance them . . 
  i mean , it 's not a suicide pact , it 's supposed to be about give and take and essentially lifting all boats . 
  if the uk people/government does n't think it 's meeting that balance , surely they should make that clear and see if they ca n't fix it . .  we 'll see who was right in 30 years time . 
  we 'll see that in either case . 
  personally i think that that particular notion is indeed stupid , if a country is right for eu membership , it should have access to the markets and that means goods , services , capital and labour ... 
  there is no good reason why a uk company should be allowed to set up a company in a country but i should n't be allowed to go there and work , and the reverse is true too ... 
   quite interesting because as i said , what reaches me here in germany is quite antagonistic indeed and it 's hard for me to believe they 're all loaded articles . 
  i think the antagonistic elements make for better news ... go read the source stuff though , i watch german tv so you sort of see how the message gets twisted round ( the immigration welcome for example . . ) . 
   so what was the reason for scheduling the referendum ? 
  the ( correct ) perception that the subject of the eu was being ignored and had been ignored for a long time in british politics . 
  essentially the rise of groups like ukip whose existence comes at least partially down to the fact that all the major parties , whilst having more pro- and anti- eu positions have always had pro-eu policies . 
  basically people could n't vote on the uk 's relationship with the eu at the ballot box because only one option was ever offered ... 
  the last european parliament and even general election results are a good indicator of that , there were a lot of votes for groups specifically geared toward leaving the eu ... 
  so that , essentially public demand for a say , is what spurred the scheduling of a referendum ( and that in the face of a lot of opposition for a long time ) . . 
   let 's make a referendum to kick uk out of eu already since they ca n't decide what to do for year now . 
  well , feel free , but you realise that the uk is having a referendum , we just have n't set the date yet and this is the bit where we all talk about what we 'd like to see happen before we vote . .  eu wo n't hear the brits complaining all the time yes , this is a core issue that has an impact on the eu ...  and the brits can get back to dreaming of an empire . 
  hmm . 
  oh come now , this level of daft is well above average . . 
   if cameron somehow pulls this off and gets the concessions , the corresponding thread on here will be hilarious . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  that 'd almost be worth the additional hassle of having to deal with the claimed victory would create . . 
   however the entire buildup to this situation has been quite hostile on his part , or at least that 's how it 's been portrayed here . 
  like i said , i think he 's a bit stuffed . 
  the uk government , him and even much of his party is n't anti-eu , but the political pressure he is facing comes from that side . 
  but as you can see his actual negotiating position and the way he is approaching it are far from antagonistic . .  sure , i know that . 
  he is threatening with the conduction of a referendum which comes down to the same outcome though if you consider the growing anti-eu sentiment in the uk at the moment . 
  he is n't threatening - that is in legislation . 
  the uk is having a referendum , something pushed by pro- and anti-eu positioned people and groups on the basis that it 's absolutely needed in the uk ... 
  he ca n't stop a referendum and ca n't really threaten with something that is happening anyway and has been on the cards for years . 
   people calling out british politicians for their hypocrisy and being fed up with their double game is n't hatred toward the british people . 
  no it is n't , its perfectly valid criticism ...  if you can not distinguish both , then you are the one projecting your own insecurities . 
  i can , and you are right that most people here have strong opinions ( and that 's a good thing ) , but you know and i know that it goes beyond that at times . 
  and no , i would n't include you in that group , not even close , nor the more vocal critics of uk policy or supporters of the eu project ( and i will say that the most eloquent of those seem to be french , which must be some sort of stereotype and probably illegal under some eurocratic eu regulation , probably the one that forced us to rename sausages . . ) . 
  we all have strong opinions , but there is an element of hatred toward the uk , almost an extreme eu nationalism , it 's quite interesting really . 
   he is making demands to the eu and threatening to hurt the union if they 're not met . 
  it 's clearly beyond working together at this point . 
  to be fair , that 's a telegraph headline . 
  the position of the government is negotiation , not demands , and for reform , not concessions . . 
  if you take the headlines as an accurate description of anything , on any subject , in any country , you are going to get an odd idea of what is going on . . and lets be very very clear , the uk leaving the eu is n't something that cameron can threaten , its something that will come down to a referendum . 
  cameron can make it clear that he things people will vote to leave if his demands are n't met , but he ca n't guarantee it one way or another . 
  i mean , if every one of his demands are met tomorrow , i still think we 'll see the uk head closer towards the door , largely because his ` demands ' are n't really enough . 
  if you think he 's the one making threats then you 've read the entire situation incorrectly . 
   a decent mix of views means also from different angles . 
  not always from the uk view . 
  i do n't think there is a specific ` uk view ' although i suppose you mean the variety of views from the uk . . 
  yet of course the uk also gets quite a lot of other views , from the eu officially , from other eu states , from the us ... 
  but lets take your premise for a moment - i watch german tv quite a bit ( i speak german , have lived in germany etc. . ) and it 's incredibly bad at discussing the eu from anything other than a very , very one sided position . . 
  there is almost no critical reporting at all , there does n't seem to be any real holding to account . . 
  i 'm not sure that 'd be terribly useful either . . 
   it rather betrays the true motives of those who claim to hold high ideals of european integration that they actually only support integration when it is in their own national interest . 
  lets be clear on this , i 'd absolutely agree that the uk has been guilty of this too and it is a more than valid reason to suggest that the uk would be better off out , the way the eu acts in relation to some members on some occasions is alarming given it is supposed to be a community of countries . . 
  because the uk does n't have people arguing for both sides ? 
  i mean come on , if you took the vote now there is a good chance most people in the uk would vote to remain in the eu , and you think that it 's because they are n't getting enough pro-eu propaganda , or do you think it might be that there is actually a fairly decent mix of views being presented . . 
   it sounds more like a pick-and-choose mentality considering uk is already outside the eurozone and the schengen agreement . 
  why not just say `` we want to be independent , but have free access to the inner market for our exports '' ? 
  i think the argument is going to be exactly that , that the uk would like access to eu markets , in exchange for eu access to uk markets ( much like other non-eu states ) because the cost and impact of integration is simply not worth it ... that would make sense for quite a few countries though , so why not move in that direction if there is a will ? 
   the eu is doing this not only to the uk , but to every country . 
  i know , and that 's a bad thing . . why would you join a union that actively harms you if it does n't also provide a benefit that mitigates that harm . 
  i think that 's broadly the point from the uk side , the political aspects are n't helpful and they are n't balanced by the economic benefits any more , or certainly wo n't be if the direction of travel continues . 
   the values not really that hard to pinpoint . 
  to be fair , if you are using those as ` european values ' then fine , but then they do n't have any relevancy to the direction of travel the eu is taking either and the uk clearly does share that particular set . .  i support the idea of the uk helping to shape the eu , but that 's clearly not what cameron is going for . 
  he has threatened us with an exit for years now if we do n't bow to his will . 
  that 's not how a union works . 
  fuck him . 
  cameron supports the uk remaining in the eu , if he loses on the eu it will do more damage to him than almost anyone else ... and lets face it , claiming that the uk is trying to get the eu to bow to it 's will is absurd . . 
   i dont think there are 8 people in an english household . 
  i do think that there are a lot of people excluded from council tax though . . oh and i think the parent pointed out that he was talking about direct contributions , not net ... my point however is that you make it sound like nothing , it really is n't . 
   britain has special terms of bringing money into the the joint eu budget . 
  read up . 
  are we talking about the rebate now ? 
  not sure how that is relevant to financial services ( and the uk is far from the only member with special terms ... ) . 
   eu has a minor say in the british affairs . 
  what cameron is afraid of is the eu 's regulation on the banking and financial sectors . 
  it only makes sense that in a presence of a single market same financial regulations apply . 
  however , the british banks do not have a very clean history . 
  yes , cameron is concerned that eu regulations on banking and the financial sector may impact on one of the larger contributors to the uk economy and the largest financial centre in the world . . 
  largely because the eu manages on occasion to regulate so poorly that it stifles innovation and kills investment . 
  the problem here though is that the eu wants to be able to regulate the eurozone but needs to exclude the uk ( a non-eurozone country ) from that because what is right for the eurozone , might not be right for countries outside of it ...  scots are extremely pro european . 
  if britain leaves the eu , you can expect another scottish referendum within years . 
  scots are more pro-eu than some parts of the uk , that does n't mean that there is n't support for leaving the eu in scotland , and we will see what that looks like in number terms during the referendum . 
  it is entirely possible that the vote in scotland will be very close to the vote across the rest of the eu . . scotland may decide it needs another referendum at some point , but that is up to people in scotland and i would n't make any predictions about how likely that is or indeed that the outcome would be very different . 
  wait , your view is that the eu should act to hold back member states when they do something better than the others ? 
  that seems like it 'd cause the kinds of problems that we are seeing now in the eu with investment , regulation and innovation ... 
  that 's a very well put set of arguments - and i think you may have something on the  what `` britain holding back the eu '' means in reality is `` britain does n't agree with our specific policies '' . 
  specifics are important when talking about that and that is n't hard and should make the argument much clearer . 
   if they want to leave , let them . 
  it 's clear by now they do n't share the european values anyway and we do n't really need them . 
  i 'm ever so slightly confused as to who set these european values and why the uks views ( that may be more extreme than other eu member states , but certainly not exceptional . . ) are n't part of that value set . 
  reading the term ` european values ' is actually about as annoying as the term ` british values ' they are hard to define but everyone seems to have their own set so they support the term . 
  the uk may not support the idea of what some people thing the eu should be , that does n't mean they should shut up and fuck off , it means that they can and should work to shape the eu . .
