  that is n't something that can be entirely ignored . . 
   indeed it can create a parallel currency , and it can exit the eu ( and indeed that 's a way to leave the euro , but semantics , i think the point was clear ) . 
  i 'm not sure the point is clear . 
  greece can leave the euro - it does n't need to create a parallel currency , it can create its own it is after all a sovereign state . 
  the treaties that bind it to the eu and the euro can be set aside ( unilaterally or through negotiation . . ) . 
  i know that there is a lot of discussion surrounding the mechanisms for doing so in relation to eu membership but lets face it it 's new ground and given there are plenty of eu members who are n't eurozone members , i doubt that a solution could n't be found . 
    i have no idea whether it is possible to expel a member , but practically it would seem almost impossible to prevent it if there were consensus from the other members of a bloc or currency union . 
   that 's what the courts exists for . 
  absolutely , although that might get complex quickly . 
   let me quote frances coppola on this matter , the whole article [ 1 ] is worth reading . 
  i 've read that before and frankly i 'm still not really convinced that it makes any sense . 
  every other ` currency union ' i can think of has something akin to federal government control over monetary and fiscal policy , each one was operated on the scale of a country , whether federal or something else ( like the uk . . ) . 
  the eurozone does n't have that . 
  for countries that peg their currency to something else , they hand over monetary policy to the issuer of the currency being pegged to ( with more latitude if they control the ratio of the peg ... ) . 
  the eurozone broadly does n't have that either . 
  there is something in between , something akin to an exchange rate mechanism , albeit one where monetary policy is entirely passed off to a central entity whilst fiscal policy remains with the national government . 
  that is the problem and i 'd argue that greece leaving does n't change that , or the appearance of that . 
  i think it 's important to remember that the british parliament is sovereign , it can ( in theory . . ) abolish the scottish , northern irish or welsh parliaments/assemblies , it can change what powers are devolved and it can do effectively whatever it wants with the bank of england ... 
  there is no parallel to the eu , ecb/eurosystem in that context - that does n't mean the eurozone is n't a valid currency union ( it just means it 's balancing a different set of powers . . ) . 
  the us is in a different position , it ca n't abolish state governments , it can tinker with it 's own powers ( within the limits of the us constitution etc. . ) but again , it has broad powers when it comes to fiscal and monetary policy - states look more like regional governments than nations ( and that is almost true of the uk too ) . 
  the problem with the eurozone is that it is a group of sovereign nations using a common currency without having handed over the kind of power you have seen elsewhere to a central bank / government . 
  that 's where the problems stem from and i do n't think anyone is under the illusion that this means it 's really just a erm style pegging arrangement , even if someone is keeping score ... ( i 'd point out i 'm tired so some of the above may not make a whole lot of sense , i 'll have a look again in the morning and correct any major issues ... ) . 
  a huge variety of things , largest single category is petroleum products , but food , medicines , manufactured goods , raw materials , those pictures made of shells ... 
  seriously though , greece exports bullions of euro 's worth of goods , that really should n't be surprising . 
  to be fair , that 's pretty much entirely their fault and was entirely avoidable ( and frankly , i 'm not sure what manic moment of insanity their leadership suffered to think they could do what they did and avoid getting hammered for it ) . 
   also lets clear this up . 
  formally , greece can not exit the euro nor be expelled . 
  this is a pretty extreme statement . . any country can issue its own currency , and any eu member can leave the eu , so greece can certainly stop using the euro and/or leave the eu . 
  there would be no way of preventing greece from doing either . 
  i have no idea whether it is possible to expel a member , but practically it would seem almost impossible to prevent it if there were consensus from the other members of a bloc or currency union . 
   t 's a de facto exit , for practical needs , and one that some would argue exposes the euro as a pegged currency disguised as a common currency . 
  given the ecb has sole authority to set monetary policy it would be hard to suggest that the euro is in some way part of a fixed exchange-rate system . 
  if greece were to leave i 'd assume that we 'd eventually see some pegging , but given the situation greece is in it does n't seem likely that it would be able to maintain a peg or indeed want one initially . 
  something closer to what china employed might actually make sense for greece in the medium to long term , but again it 's hard to see why that would be entirely desirable much of the time ... 
  nice quote , but not really relevant to the point , unless you misunderstood me to mean that greece will only be fine over some extreme extended period ( multiple-generations or similar ) . 
  greece has potential now and either the mechanisms to deal with the kind of issues greece has need to be found within the eu context , or greece will have to find another way . 
  in either case greece will be fine , probably a lot sooner than most people would assume ( we see it often enough , have seen it with the uk , germany and many , many others ) . 
  greece does export a fair amount , it has a fairly healthy tourism sector ( one that could well become far more healthy if it becomes cheaper . . ) . 
  it 's absurd to suggest that greece is n't salvageable , and even more absurd to compare it to iceland ( whose entire gdp is a lot smaller than just greek exports ... ) given the disparity in size , population , economy and the problems being faced . 
  long term , greece will be fine , whether that is within the eurozone , the eu or some other grouping or not . 
  i think eurovision provides both incentives and disincentives for conflict . 
  that fight is n't over yet . 
  had to go back and check . . 
  but yeah , this checks out . 
   `` federalization '' is little more than a big buzzword it is and it is n't . 
  there are eu federalists ( that want all the states to work together in a federal structure ) , some that want to bin the nation state aspect entirely and effectively focus on the regions , and those that take the other position of wanting to return to something that is simply economic . 
  your main point however is right , in fact if you look at the eu and associated treaty areas you already have mix and match associations that i think broadly are positive and allow countries to take part or not as their populations deem fit . 
  that will continue as new problems arise and solutions need to be found ( and yes , it 's absolutely absurd to allow greece and italy to deal with issues like those we see in the med on their own , and that is true with or without an eu - it is a humanitarian disaster all on it 's own . . ) . 
  i think the uk referendum will be a broadly good thing though . 
  it will mean that there is actual discussion beyond the hype and fear ( hopefully anyway ) and a feeling that people have a say . 
  even if it leads to no change at all , that will be a useful and productive move . 
   but just like in most cases where things come down to national self-determination , one of the options is considerably more extreme than the other . 
  i 'm honestly not sure that you can really characterise either position as extreme ( from federalisation through maintaining the status-quo through to an exit ) . 
  i 'd also point out that there is a current direction of travel , there is n't just concern about the current state of the eu ( although some of the more alarmist elements of groups like ukip will point at existing issues that they see with the economy , sovereignty and immigration ) but also the shape it is taking . 
  i think lots of people in the uk would be happy with more restrictive freedom of movement ( i would n't - i think that 's fundamental . . ) and a hold on further more expansion or further political union , however it seems that even the latter bits of that are n't an option at present . 
   the scottish nationalists the snp are n't euro-sceptic ... 
  this all sounds like scare mongering bullshit by the way . 
  it 's interesting just how little interest those most vehemently supporting the eu as a political and economic project show in self determination and democracy . 
  that alone should be worrying . 
   you have no idea how frustrating it is to talk to people who seem to inhabit a parallel universe . 
  you realise that in your comment above you redefined a top 10 world economy , with a seat on the unsc , nuclear weapons , global trade partnerships , a population of 64 million people with decent educations and so on to ' a small , irrelevant island ' ? 
  i mention it because i think you really do have to live in a a parallel universe to fail to see that the uk is far from irrelevant or small on the global scale . 
  sure , the eu as an economic block is far larger , but as a collection of states , the eu is n't terribly effective outside of the economic sphere . 
  the answer to that is probably federalisation , something that the uk and others have major issues with ... 
  i think this is half the issue . 
  there is little objection to economic union , free trade or open markets . 
  the problem that people have revolves around immigration ( which personally i see as being part and parcel of an economic union and a daft argument against eu membership . . ) and political encroachment - essentially there is little positive support in places like the uk for ever deeper political union and obviously growing opposition to it . 
  right now , anyone taking an anti-eu position is generally assumed to be anti-immigration and anti-foreigner ( and somehow right wing too ) , but that has and continues to change ( especially with things like ttip being discussed , eu expansion and these strange forays into foreign policy that the eu occasionally takes part in ) . 
  i 've lived all over europe , my parents have different eu nationalities ( and i am a dual citizen ) , i think immigration and fee movement is a good thing . 
  but i do n't want to see a federal europe , i do n't want to see more power shifted to eu institutions and i 'd actively oppose the kind of integration some people seem to want to push for . 
  it 's the extremes that will kill this whole issue , it 's starting to be painted almost as ` if you do n't support a united europe you mist be a fascist ' from eu proponents . 
  the backlash from that kind of campaign could be fatal . 
  there is a difference between government and politics oddly enough . 
  civil servants are apolitical even as they implement government policy that might be entirely based on an ideological position of a political party voted in by a population . . 
  it sort of works . 
  no it really does n't , it deserves to be branded as self-determination . 
  membership of a trading block and free market is one thing , being part of something that aspires to be a political and economic union , especially on a federalist basis is something that requires consent . 
  and they used to be accused of funding far left groups ( and nato countries funded right wing radicals groups . . ) . 
  how times have changed . 
  i 'd argue that nato and several decades of cold war post wwii are the reason we have n't seen more conflict in europe generally not the eu . 
  after all most eu members only joined in the last 20 years , since 1995 . . 
  almost half since 2004 . 
  i 'd also argue that eu expansion is arguably a catalyst for internal disruption and external conflict ... 
  it 's not all peace and light and frankly there will be growing opposition to the whole project if there continues to be a push for political union when there is little appetite for it and a lot of opposition . 
  but it 's fun !, 
  my kids absolutely love horrible histories ( and this was just on ... ) i 'll tell you in 5 years whether it has utterly distorted their view of history , or improved it ... 
  certainly made them more interested in stuff !, 
   but i suspect turks are more interested in visiting paris , germany or london than rural poland the uk is n't in schengen , and i believe this is purely visa free access to the schengen are , not the whole of the eu . 
  although someone might know more . . 
  i 'm actually intrigued as to whether things like the mid-term review of the budget ( and the likely proposal to increase eu spending that comes out of it ) the labour mobility package , the eu 's accession to the echr and so on get pulled out more significantly before the referendum by the leave campaign . 
  i know they have been touched on briefly , but there was n't really a push . 
  given the massive push that the eu made on roaming charges ( because that polls well ... ) will be anything like enough to cover some of the negatives . 
  throw in the german ` eu army ' thing , the ni numbers thing that is waiting to break and this and you have a lot of noise to make about actual things the eu is doing , rather than theoretical things that might or might not happen . . 
  you could argue the reverse would be worse , holding off on anything that might upset voters in the uk is essentially masking the workings of the eu to give a better impression ( and we are already sort of seeing that ... ) . 
  at least this way the good , the bad and the ugly is there for voters to factor in . 
  ah , but do the americans know that ? 
  iirc europe is a larger market for mobile phones than north america , ( but smaller than asia . . ) so i doubt it 'll change much , there is already a decent amount of renationalisation in handset availability after all . 
  i 'm not sure about apple 's share though , i get the impression iphones are massively more popular in the us than almost anywhere else , still , it 's a massive market . 
   and what is the problem ? 
  we can go all the way , but that 's asking for initial trouble without backup and inevitably some countries will get cold feet .
