  i 'm not one of them . 
  of course i ca n't give you how a constitution for a modern federation should look like . 
  how in the world would i do that , without having a lot more explicit legal knowledge ? 
  yes , and even with them you have these issues - my point is that there are potential problems ( like those i highlighted ) and the less than perfect approach currently being taken does n't make them less likely , and again , they are a profound problem . .  yes they have , and they might well see that right as something more important than some shared behemoth that might swallow them whole . . or they want to unite in prosperity in peace to retain their liberty in shared harmony . 
  see , i too can line-up emotional words . 
  indeed , that was the point i was making . 
  you can paint it as prettily as you want , but you 'll have to actually explain how you want things to work and how we might get there to convince people it 's a good idea . 
  and that still does n't deal with the issue that people have a problem with , that 's the current eu morphing into a federal state , with all the attending problems . 
   i do not see how [ . . ] excludes the existence of a well-designed governmental system . 
  take germany as an extreme case . 
  it started out as a horribly designed piece of work , and is now one of the most modern and well-regulated governments . 
  i do n't mean to wish for such horrors for a future eu , but i do n't see how an evolution could n't equally well be a positive force . 
  it can be , indeed it would be . 
  but i 'm not sure i 'd be willing to trade where we are now for the possibility , especially given the downsides . 
  my point is n't that the eu would n't evolve , but that the states we live in now have , for a long time and that the kind of revolutionary change that you are proposing ( followed persumably by evolutionary change . . ) is different from the evolutionary change that we have seen recently . 
  the eu may well evolve into something akin to a federal system over time , but i do n't like how that looks at the moment . 
  you are proposing fixing those issues not through evolutionary change , but by ( as you put it ) a clean start . 
   a good design to me includes all this . 
  i 'm not a naive idealistic social planner who believes in the basic decency of humanity . 
  nor am i somebody who laments the depravity of mankind . 
  human beings simply react to incentives and a very complicated net of interests . 
  but politics has always been working with this , and i do n't see a reason why we are suddenly unable to do so now . 
  it is n't unable to do anything , my point is that the people in charge of your ` good design ' are currently part of what they intend to replace and acting on behalf of constituencies at home . 
  the result is n't likely to be a carefully designed system , but something very different . 
  that is pretty much the nature of everything in politics ...  i believe this is where our age differences show , i 'm pretty sure you have no idea how old i am ...  if nobody cares , then this might very well be what happens . 
  which is why i argue for people to do the opposite . 
  it is a self-fulfilling prophecy to fear the power of the already powerful , because they will always remain so unless they are being challenged . 
  hence only a populance interested in creating a common government will be able to create one that works for all . 
  agree entirely . 
  a populace interested in building a federal eu will get one . 
  but again , this is about where the eu is now and the direction of travel . 
  in the uk , almost 65 % of people did n't even vote in the last eu parliamentary election , there are mass movements pushing for the uk to leave the eu and at best people are ambivalent . 
  there really is n't a mass of people interested in building a federal eu . 
  in that context , ending up with a federal eu is pretty worrying . 
  and closer poltical union is on the cards within the eu at the moment . .  but even if we agree on a more cynical world view , i still believe you are wrong if for the simple reason that your argument defeats it self as follows : if all political actors are motivated solely by their self-interest and remain unchallenged through the federative process , then the less powerful states can create interest groups which collective challenge the stronger member states . 
  alliances between member states will change based on individual member state 's interests and will hence force strong member states to make concessions lest they want to be left entirely isolated and unable to enforce any self interest at all . 
  this does n't make me wrong , it simply changes the dynamics of the compromise . 
  you are still talking about a federal state created by larger powers coming up with least worst solution that the various countries involved can stomach politically , or sell to their populations . 
  it is a far cry from your point on a well designed union . 
  the reality crashes into the ideal quite quickly . 
   examples are the v4 group and slightly larger informal group of central/eastern member states surrounding poland . 
  i 'm not sure that is an example of anything terribly positive in this context either ... 
  does the v4 represent the will of the people they represent , or the interests of the states they represent ? 
  do remeber that when you are putting together a new federal state , the whole of everything is on the chopping block , there is n't a german constitutional court , or eu legal system available to curtail the excesses . .  why do we need popular unity , or political unity for that matter ? 
  we only need to agree that we need a compromise in each area and a single framework to haggle out each one of them as the need arises . 
  nobody ever said anything about unity , only enough unity to settle down long enough to talk it over in a formal manner . 
  they why do we need a federal state ? 
  maybe you missed my point or i missed mine , but without popular support and unity , how do you create a federal state ? 
   that 's an argument against any kind of legislation ever . 
  how is this relevant , unless you want to challenge the very notion of law ? 
  that 's an argument for legislatoin to be as local as possible . .  i do not see how this is a problem in a federal system . 
  yes , for some particular policy areas your single voice is less important . 
  well , that 's pretty important ...  of course , if you believe that in any such system the power ultimately emmigrates to the federal level , you have a point . 
  i just do n't think this needs to occur . 
  it does n't need to occur , but sadly i do n't see how you 'd prevent it . 
  this is almost a natural consequence of what we were talking about earlier in terms of evolution . 
  once power is ceded to a federal instituion it usually does n't get given back . 
   you 're underestimating the ability to effectively organise yourself over the internet . 
  the current backslash of governments regarding ceta , ttip or other eu legislation is also in part due to people organising themselves this way . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i 've worked within that sphere in particular , and with things like direct democracy ( and lqfb style systems . . ) , crowd sourced ideas ( and money and other stuff ) for quite a long time . 
  i 've been part of the organised efforts against acta , ceta , ttip and before that lots of other stuff too and you know what , it 's much , much harder at the eu level , compared to the national level ( never mind the fact that you can build relationships on a national level and use those , whilst it is much , much harder on an eu level ) . 
  essentially it is harder to mobilise support in the time available , and the balance of power shifts heavily toward the institions ( in this case the eu ) . .  why are you so sure ? 
  do you have a crystal ball i did n't know could exist ? 
   your own inability to do so is no proof that it is impossible . 
  if that were the case , i 'd be a far more productive mathematician . 
  i think mypoint and the previous one you dismissed as me not having a crystal ball , is that i 'd like to see an argument that is actually convincing , rather than the argument i 'm getting , which is ` it 'll be fine this time because . . '  i 'm not stating this . 
  i 'm stating that we can use the current eu mess to make people to sit down , think hard , and propose an alternative way of doing things . 
  yes , i understand that the political process is n't clear-cut . 
  yes it would take effort and a lot of deliberation . 
  and all of that would be great , but has no bearing on the current state of the eu and direction of travel . 
  if you agree that there are major issues with the eu as it stands , i 'm sure you can see why people might not like the idea of it morphing into a federal state and how that state might threaten them . . 
  yes , a perfect eu federal state is probably theoretically possible , but we are n't dealing with perfection , we are dealign with where we are now and nothing you are saying ( especially in the paragraph above ) makes a dent in the arguments people have about a federal eu in its current guise being a problem . .  that was n't what i was expressing . 
  i was expressing my disbelief that no such process can exist and that we should not now attempt to discover and apply it . 
  ** you are arguing for a complete abandonment of the whole issue because you do n't like what we have now instead of tackling the problem and attempting to solve it because you do not see how it could ever be done . 
  ** can we just admire the incredible arrogance here ? 
  i 'm arguing for the abandonment of something i do n't think is working now nor will in the near future , that i am concerned will be pushed upon me in the near future . 
  i do n't want to end up in a broken federal state ... that 's reasonable on my part . 
  demanding i fix it really is n't . 
  i do n't have to do the leg work so that something you want ( and i do n't . . ) becomes more acceptable and possibly half way functional ... 
  seriously , come up with a good idea and i 'd support it , but do n't expect support for a bad one . 
   yes it would be difficult . 
  but we 're not even having a public debate about this !, 
  what do you think this is ? 
   how are we so sure it can not ever work if we have n't even thought about it in length , with a lot of people who can input practical concerns ? 
  we ca n't be , what we can be sure of is that it 's not going to work in the near future and that there are problems now that need to be dealt with . 
  this is n't something that can just be left because we are drifting towards it now , whilst it still has massive problems !, 
  [ continues below ], 
   i just want to adress a few things , from my perspective the eu has done more for the protection of the people than any individual country could have . 
  at least i am convinced the race to the bottom , for instance more working houres , less worker protection would occur if all countries would compete all the time , and it still is happening when it comes to taxation . 
  but what i want to point out is , in this case the eu is working in the best interest of the people . 
  i do n't entirely disagree , but i would point out that quite a lot of that happened before the eu in quite a lot of countries , the direction of travel was greater worker and consumer protections anyway , the eu has continued with that , which is great . 
  however , the eu managed to do that without being a federal state and with member states negotiating together on what worked , it 's not really an argument for federalisation given how much that changes the balance of power entirely ...  when talking about the different countries , they have developed over a very long time , the thing is they did n't develope in a modern world , for instance the uk 's voting system . 
  no , that 's sort of the point with evolution . 
  but those systems have been stressed , they have had to deal with modern problems , they have had to adapt and change . 
   but now we have an opportunity to build a new system with all the knowledge accumulated by all these countries and at least i do n't see it turning out worse than the national systems we already have . 
  because each of those systems is fairly holistic , you ca n't really treat each of these countries like a buffet , it wo n't work ( for one , each individual state wo n't wear it , can you imagine forcing uk style law on france ? 
  french policing practices on germany ? 
  a routinely armed police force on the brits ? 
  these have all been arrived at as the best in the context they were developed but do n't translate well .
