  let me put it another way then , i do n't think foreign investors should get special protections because of failings with in our legal systems . 
  if there is an issue whereby a company is discriminated against on the basis of national origin in a way that is counter to a trade agreement , they should complain to their government , their government can then act . 
  handing special privileges to companies as part of trade agreements is n't necessary and leads to just as many fundamentally flawed decisions as any that may arise from bias in a legal system . 
  yes , as you point out , isds is n't particularly good , so lets not bother setting up yet another , not particularly good mechanism to solve a problem we already have several , not particularly good mechanisms for dealing with and maybe try and find a real solution that does n't cut through oversight and transparency . . 
  if you are swedish ... 
  i doubt that you would be able to do the same if you were american , russian or chinese . 
  well , possibly as part of an asylum application , but even then ... 
   also , some countries would n't even consider my conviction a serious offense , the american legal system is just very harsh . 
  entirely possible , but they will likely take into account a conviction even if it is n't an offence at all in the country you are looking to work in . 
  one thing worth checking is how those schools do record checks . 
  the standard for us citizens is a request for a criminal record history / fbi identification record through the fbi cjis division . . that could cause you some issues , especially given that there are vast numbers of well qualified english speakers in the eu already . 
  if i were you , i 'd request the paperwork yourself first and take a look at what it says , and then think of how you might mitigate that if it does come up . 
  also consider that for other eu countries , like say the uk , you would also potentially have issues teaching and whilst the eu is n't directly very cautious about convictions ( compared to say , the us , when it comes to visas ) various countries can be ... on the probation though , i doubt very much that you can transfer it abroad , i would your ability to travel abroad will depend on the conditions of your probation ( but that if you are allowed , you 'd no longer be subject to supervision once abroad , i doubt very much that a foreign state would take on supervisory responsibility for a foreign national convicted abroad ) . 
  the probation is part of your sentence , so there would likely be a process you 'd have to go through if you wished to move , much as there would be if you moved to a different jurisdiction in the us . 
   well , to be honest , since he only committed misdemeanors , he would n't really be considered a `` con or ex-con '' in the sense you 're implying . 
  that might actually be more of an issue for him if he needs to get a criminal records check or similar , for us citizens that basically involves a lot of requests for letters confirming a lack of criminal history , his will come back with a conviction , regardless of how minor and will likely sound worse to an employer . 
  in addition he wo n't have the same sort of protections that eu citizens have with spent convictions and so on . 
  all in all i can imagine it being quite a bit harder , the rules will vary by country and you probably wo n't have issues with visa 's for tourism or short term business but for a long term stay and for work you might well have issues . 
   well , to be frank the raf recently admitted having similar issues with spare parts for tornados . 
  really ? 
  i 'd like to see a source that the raf is having issues with readiness on the typhoons they have left ( they are being replaced . . ) . 
  last i heard the only real issue was the life of the airframes given the recent operational tempo in the ground attack role , but that the aircraft were still meeting the usual readiness requirements . 
  its one thing to have issues with airframes on older aircraft ( and of course the uk is phasing out the tornado anyway , as i believe the luftwaffe is ) but to have your operational squadrons not being available is something else entirely . 
  they 'd be allowed to sue and seek compensation , they might not win . 
  a domestic company could n't even challenge the notion ... 
   yes this is also bad , but this problem is apparent in any court system ... what you 're saying is that we should just remove all courts because they are potentially open to abuse . 
  i 'll take this point , because i think it 's the relevant bit . 
  i do n't think isds is in inherently bad i think that it 's unnecessary . 
  the reason i think it 's unnecessary is because i think we have a functioning open court system that we can use , investors have access to the courts in their country and the country they are investing in and redress through their state institutions . 
  that should always be enough , mean that usual review and transparency applies , means that there is public control of the process ( in all contracting parties ) . 
  where there is a breach in a trade agreement ( that is to say the implementation of barriers , whether tariff or otherwise ) that is something the states should deal with , with the extreme sanction being the removal of bilateral trade agreements . 
  yes national court systems can problematic , just as isds style processes can be , yes i 'm sure there is an ideal mechanisms that would balance everything , but until that appears , why on earth ca n't we deal with these things via mechanisms that everyone has access too , that are open and that there are equivalents of in all contracting states ? 
  the idea that we need isds should in itself be seen as problematic ... 
  no , based on issues with delay and access to justice . 
  the amount of time and cost to participate in some aspects of the us legal system is excessive when compared to some eu states . 
  obviously on the criminal side there are huge issues ( the plea bargain system being a major one , time to trial etc. . ) but that is n't terribly relevant here . 
  they restrict rapid movement ( they do n't prevent someone from moving somewhere , they just prevent them getting there via one particular route ) . 
  that 's quite dissimilar to the israeli wall , you ca n't just take a different route to get to the place you wanted to go . . 
  they were built in between communities that were hostile to each other , and in places that prevented clashes ( and arguably restricted rapid movement between places ) , but did n't limit movement generally , you can walk/drive around them ... you may want to go and look up what it is you are talking about , because at the moment you really are n't making a lot of sense ... 
  you started this with :  people like to also bring up how `` immoral '' the wall is while they ignore the fact one was built between two eu nations that still exists today ( belfast peace wall ) . 
  the wall is n't between two eu nations , the wall is n't comparable by any measure , so how on earth could you sit there and claim that ignoring the peace lines is somehow an issue for people opposed to the israeli wall . 
  i mean seriously , they are n't the same , so how is it relevant ? 
  or to put it another way why could n't one argue that the israeli wall is immoral because it cuts communities , limits movement , is a land grab and so on and on , whilst the northern ireland peace lines are n't because you can walk around them , they do n't limit movement , and they are n't a land grab , being built al in one country . 
   the fact people on here compare the wall in israel to `` apartheid '' and do not criticize one built within their own birders goes to show extreme bias on the issue . . no it does n't . . because the walls are entirely different and incomparable . 
  i did n't get annoyed and protest when my neighbour built a wall in his garden after all , it is n't walls that people are upset about , its the impact of them ... 
  lets be clear again , the walls in ni are not like the ones in israel . 
  they are n't usefully comparable  we were all shocked by what happened in paris , but many forget , before the wall was built in isreal attacks occurred on a near constant basis . 
  indeed , which is why israel built the wall ... but again , not sure why it 's relevant to your point on ignoring those in ni . .  it is not too surprising israel eventually took drastic action . 
  no of course it is n't . 
  but again , i 'm not sure of the relevance . 
   define `` functional '' for me , you seem to be arbitrarily setting the goal posts here . 
  oh come on ... comes to decisions in accordance with the law , in a sensible time frame , using due process . 
  do you think that we do n't have a functional legal system at present ( i mean ok the lib dems and tory 's have had a decent go at gutting access and some protections , and labour is n't much better , but it 's generally functional . . ) . 
   it depends what kind of laws , discrimination is the key thing here . 
  if america is found to be discriminating against one foreign company over another then that 's illegal , as the buy american act effects all foreign companies equally it is exempt . 
  i was simply using this example to show you that countries you deem `` functional '' are still protectionist . 
  the buy american act is essentially the definition of protectionism and would n't be impacted by isds ( given it 's already a thing . . ) . 
  however planning decisions , patent grants , and other individual ( as well as broader government efforts like say privatisation ) are ... 
  i agree with you that companies with functional legal systems can be protections , but isds does n't prevent that . 
   i do n't understand this part , could you expand ? 
  who is `` we '' in this instance ? 
  and what legal framework are `` we '' supposed to be working in ? 
  we as in people in a country . 
  if i invest in a paper mill in sussex i should n't have fewer protections or more limited access to legal recourse than a foreign investor . 
   that 's also not true . 
  corporations can not take governments to court because they lost out on returns , you 're just making things up now ... 
  i 'm not sure i want to continue this discussion if you 're going to continue telling porkies . 
  isds is only there for investors to take recourse if they feel they are being discriminated against in an unfair or unjust manner , not because of lost potential future profits . 
  foreign corporations can use isds to push for a settlement when they feel that a government actions or decisions have harmed their investment , whether that 's because they feel they have been discriminated against , feel that their access to remedy has been limited or any number of other factors . 
  the remedy would generally be a payment to recoup losses and earnings ... that 's not exactly controversial . .  it depends on the specifics of the case ... 
  surely you understand that about a court system ? 
  generally if the company deserves compensation it 's going to get compensation , but they can not force governments to repeal laws . 
  indeed , but there are three issues here . 
  firstly , that this recourse is only open to foreign investors , two , that pressure can be brought about through isds on national governments and three , governments potentially become responsible for compensation for actions that are supported by the populations on issues like workers rights , the environment , health and so on . 
   because protectionism is not a problem for domestic investors ... 
  so you have the usual legal avenues available to you , whilst foreign companies are quite clearly subject to protectionism ; this is axiomatic surely ? 
  except as we clarified above , isds is n't just about protectionism , it comes down to any claim of discrimination . 
  a foreign company can use national courts , get a decision it does n't like and challenge it again in the dispute settlement process . 
  a domestic company ca n't . 
  the claim of discrimination is down to the company in question , the claim is n't brought against the initial defendant in most cases ( national governments rather than local governments or other parties in civil disputes ) and so on . 
   because that state may be discriminating against that foreign company ... or not of course . .  not really . 
  every country regardless of how `` functional '' you think they are has protectionist tendencies , that 's just inherent in human nature ( it goes back to tribalism ) . 
  right , but that does n't mean states ca n't deal with disputes between themselves rather than setting up a separate process for companies that excludes other third parties and is n't open to proper review . 
   i keep asking for a source but you never seem to provide anything . 
  can i get a source for this ? 
  take a look at a list of isds cases ( brought , won and lost ) and the definition of isds from the ustr . . 
  this really is n't controversial . .  source ? 
  the current eli lilly claims are a favourite , but there are plenty . 
  i 'd stay away from the really egregious ones simply because they become absurd quickly , but that tends to be as a result of a power imbalance between parties . .  i 'm fairly sure they ca n't actually do that ... could you again , provide a source ? 
  current veola vs egypt dispute i think . . 
  i do n't disagree with it in principle , i disagree with your characterisation and trying to draw equivalence . 
  the wall in israel is essentially a border fortification , it 's designed to prevent mobility , you ca n't just wander around it , it 's not all built on israeli territory . 
  to be like the israeli wall , it 'd have to be build along side the border with the republic , occasionally in the republic and only after moving much of the republican communities to the other side . . or just for context , the israeli wall is something like 450 miles long , the peace lines are not continuous ( there are 48 ) and in total , across all of them cover 21 miles ... 
   the legal sector is far from uniform . 
  i can tell you as much : while the general approach might be similar , the judges in isds cases are usually better educated , especially on financial matters . 
  they tend to be more senior because of the statute of the case , but that tends to be years after an issue has arisen . 
  it 's the same level of knowledge and specialism that you 'd get from a senior appeals court ...  loewen vs. 
  us is a terrible case to show that isds is working as the discrimination was not punished at all ( one of the arbitrators later revealed that he was put under pressure by us officials ) . 
  thats why i pointed at the basic case , not the isds settlement . 
  in the basic case , the jury pretty obviously decided on a discriminatory basis .
