  but people are right to be sceptical about something that seems to be the focus of a centralisation of quite so much power , and of course have a say in both how they are governed and who is involved in that . 
  still , the way language is used is interesting . 
  the parent thinks scepticism is destructive , i think it 's healthy and could lead to something better . . 
  yeah , but reforming something , rebuilding it . . 
  restoring one thing by weakening another etc. . 
  i 'm not sure that scepticism is inherently destructive , or that taking a different view on something and demanding a different direction is somehow lessening it . 
  how so ? 
  i mean in this context you are talking about people who , using the political processes available to them , tried to achieve some change ( and quite a few of the ci 's are perfectly positive ... ) . 
  even eurosceptics in general are looking for and some are working toward change that they see as positive . 
  of is your view that anyone not on board with the eu as it is is somehow destructive by default ? 
  well . . quite a few are doing something . 
   it would be a disaster ... for ireland . 
  it probably would , hence the issues raised . 
   their economic policy is based on sucking the blood out of their neighbours especially the uk . 
  that 's somewhat unfair , ireland has essentially set itself up in a manner that benefit it from being in a grouping with larger economies , it has made itself an attractive place to base a business and so on , but that is clearly in irelands interest ... you could argue that pretty much every country tries to do the same ( it 's just that after a certain point , or at a certain size , it gets harder . . ) . 
   quite frankly ireland is the number one reason why i am voting for brexit . 
  i ca n't say it factors in my position and i 'd prefer to see a stable and prosperous ireland ( because that also has an impact on the uk . . ) but there are issues that could be addressed ... 
   every time their is the want from a million people there should be legislation ? 
  no , but you 'd hope that when more than a million people do get together 51 odd times , that there might be some legislative action . . 
  the whole thing is billed as ` allowing one million eu citizens to participate directly in the development of eu policies , by calling on the european commission to make legislative proposals ' . 
  well , people have done that and nothing has happened ... 
  if you take the uk , or us or other countries that have petition platforms , you will note that those systems have had responses from government and indeed debate in parliaments etc. . 
  these have led to input into legislation , surely something similar is not too much to expect from the eu when these initiatives meet the requirements and rules and there are quite so many of them . . 
  i think the key point here is :  to my knowledge , there have been 51 initiatives launched , but not a single one has attained its goal : legislative action . 
  i have talked to many people in civil society , who say this whole thing is useless , because the commission will simply not accept any initiatives . 
  but more down to earth people are saying that the commission is not doing a very good job . 
  although there is more . . 
  it 's actually quite interesting from a civil society and political perspective . 
  citizens initiatives were ( and still are . . ) presented as one of the truly democratic aspects of the eu , the notion that normal people can force real change , all they have to do is come together and speak ... 
  yet that does n't seem to work , whilst access to meps for lobbyists and inclusion of interest groups ( including corporate and civil society groups ) is the norm , citizens are left with something that manages to be burdensome and pretty pointless ... 
   i 'm not sure if you are aware but merkel and hollande are also looking at a major reform of the eu that has been suggested to coincide with the british referendum . 
  to shore up the eurozone , and at last glance they were looking to do it in a manner outside of the existing eu institutions because of potential objections from the uk and the uk using it as leverage ... ` change ' in this case is n't exactly what i 'm looking for on political union , powers and competencies either ...  are you being flippant ? 
  i was , because it really is n't relevant whatsoever to what we are talking about here , closer and economic monetary union may be being used as a lever by the uk , but they are hardly areas of reform directly relevant to the uk beyond that . 
   the negotiations are not finished yet , as i 've said everytime we talk to each other ; let 's wait and see . 
  and as i 've said to you , i 'm interested in where we are now , not where some people think we might end up , so no lets not wait , but lets hope for a pleasant surprise . 
  but to be clear , right now if the uk gets everything that cameron has outlined , its still not enough so what exactly am i waiting for ? 
   also , the 5 presidents report is an interesting insight into the future of the eurozone , which could be considered a precursor to such a system . 
  there are lots of interesting reports and suggestions on future structures and processes for the eu , hell , the greens have got some lovely detailed suggestions in that area . 
  but none of that is on the table so i still do n't see how any of that is relevant . 
   it 's also exactly what / u/daswareinbefehl , you seemed to be arguing against what he said . 
  i disagreed with the way he framed it and clarified , you know , in a thread . 
   why would you call people xenophobic or racist even if they have not exhibited such attitudes ? 
  i would n't ...   did i suggest it was n't ? 
   kind of : no , not even kind of . 
  indeed , unfortunately being sold on ' a reformed eu ' without specifying tends to lead people to think it 'll be the reforms they want , which then sort of creates a level of expectation that is almost certainly impossible to meet . . 
   the point of a two tier system is to set definitions and paths for countries to pursue full membership ( e.g. 
  federalisation ) or associate membership ( e.g. 
  access to the single market and abiding by its regulations ) as they see fit . 
  that 's nice , where is that outlined either in the uks negotiating position or what merkel has said here ? 
  if it is n't how is it relevant ? 
   it 's the opposite of `` generic support for change '' . 
  it is , but we are n't being offered that as an option are we ? 
   it 's the biggest issue for british voters . 
  right , immigration is the largest , but not the only one . . that 's pretty much what i said . 
   no one has said anything about xenophobia or racism ... 
  i did . .  why do you think it 's xenophobic or racist to be concerned about immigration ? 
  no , but i think xenophobia and/or racism can be a factor for some people ( and by no means all ) and that in the context of a political debate people who are anti-immigration are often labelled as one or the other regardless ...  also , you may not like it but `` middle england '' is a thing , how else can you explain the large reader base that papers such as the daily mail , the telegraph , the sun and the daily express attract ? 
  did i suggest it was n't ? 
  this will get interesting as the uk gets closer to the referendum , right now it feels like the uk is still pursuing the possibility of change , and by the referendum they really will have to point at changes already made or being made to convince people . 
  promises probably wo n't be enough ( although they might for some ) and vague promises will probably be seen as a way to manipulate , rather than any real prospect for change . 
  that 'd be ideal , although i still really do n't see it , i 'd be slightly concerned that this comes back to generic support for ` change ' without specifics , but it 's better than nothing ( probably ... ) . 
  not sure why this has n't had more traction , it 's a really important ( and interesting ) discussion and it 's actually not that surprising to see . 
  the pronouncements about the eu \u00b9 , echr and human rights in the context of british rights were pretty absurd when they came out ( and got ridiculed from quite a few sides ) and are n't any sane now . . \u00b9 inaccurately . . 
   expectation ( s ) ? 
  the most pressing concern voiced by people is immigration . 
  it 's certainly a pressing concerns and has a lot of vocal support , but it 's not the only issue and for me , and the people i know and work with it 's not really a driver ( i like free movement , i think it 's important for a free market . . ) . 
  i think trying to reduce the argument into a pro- vs anti-immigration position would be false and not terribly helpful to anyone . .  i doubt anybody from the general public cares/wants to know about anything else as long as `` those furners '' get sorted . 
  there are lots of people who have very different issues with the eu , if you talk to the euro-sceptic left-wing , immigration does n't tend to be in the list of objections at all ( although it 'll depend on who you talk to . . ) . 
  for a lot of people it 's more complex than just immigration , although you are right in saying that 's a very visible issue . 
   it 's ridiculous to the point that cameron might come out and say `` we have opted out of freedom of movement , but at the same time we must install webcams in all your bedrooms and fine you if your children can hear you having sex '' and people will accept it and vote to stay . 
  absolutely , but i do n't think he can so i 'm not worried about it ( that by the way , would be my ultimate nightmare scenario , a uk in the eu without freedom of movement or any of the reforms i 'd like . . ) . 
   anything else , no matter how ridiculous , could be accepted and made into law because it pales in comparison to the immigration issue in the eyes of the average voter . 
  the ` average ' voter does n't really exist , but they are people and if you speak to people you will find very few that are actively opposed to immigrants because of xenophobia or racism ( there will be some , but no more than there have always been . . ) most are scared and have allowed people to scapegoat immigrants , or they are un/under-employed and blame immigrants . . 
  but quite a lot of people are just as scared about the perceived loss of control , people do n't want the euro , people do n't want the eu to become a country , they do n't want ttip , they do n't want the eu to regulate away the nhs etc. . . 
  there is a lot of misinformation , but also a lot of fairly well informed people making sensible choices on the basis of good ( and sometimes less good ) information ... 
  the immigration issue was the spur , but i do n't think it 'll be the key to the referendum , if anything there will be significant numbers of middle class , somewhat left/green/liberal leaning people who wo n't want to be seen as racist or xenophobic , but who have good reason to be anti-eu . 
  that is and will continue to be catered for and will push debate too . . 
  i suppose the obvious point on this in the context of : * the german chancellor said that while her government would not agree with all of britain 's demands , germany would be supportive of britain 's insistence for change . 
  * is that the reforms that the uk have put forward do n't really come close to meeting the expectations of most of those who are now arguing to leave , and indeed of those who have put pressure on the conservatives ( and others ) over the last few years . 
  so , essentially for some this will be seen as a great step forward ` germany support eu reform ' as the guardian is pushing it , for others it kills the possibility of supporting a ` remain ' vote because it essentially shows that even the very minor concessions the uk is after are n't possible in the current eu and the uk 'd be better off outside . 
   this is why it is essential that the leave vote is as high as possible even if we do not win . 
  i 'll make a prediction here . 
  if the result is ` stay ' regardless of where the vote ends up , even if it 's 99 % turnout and 49.9 % vote to leave it will be used to justify further integration and weaken the uks case for reform . 
  brussels will call it a mandate , the government will call it a mandate and it will set back the possibility of the kind of change we want by a decade . 
   we need to put the fear of god into brussels . 
  i think the opportunity for that has passed , the point where that made sense was when we were talking about the kind of referendum we would have , now that it 's in out , there is n't really anything that can be done to put pressure on brussels , they will be flat out on pushing ` stay ' and will seize any victory as their own . 
   i remain somewhat optimistic that leave can win though and the more i read about the `` reforms '' the more optimistic i become . 
  i 'm getting more optimistic on that front too , if you put it in the context of the indyref it 's really quite exciting . 
  however i 'm not going to be happy until i hear a returning officer declare the results of the count . . 
   the fact that the tories are schizophrenic does not make me any more likely to sympathise with or make excuses for the government !, 
  ha fair play . 
  although i am hopefully being clear that there is a difference between what i want , what i 'd expect and what frankly seems more realistic . 
  might just be my somewhat natural scepticism coming into play . 
   if the government imply things which the public believe i think the government should take all the blame and the public none whatsoever . 
  i have high standards for government behaviour !, 
  it should , but i think i can point to pretty much every government for the last 20 years doing something like this on every significant issue ( and quite a few insignificant ones . . ) . 
  blame the government and the pr companies , probably the press , but people have a responsibility too . .  however , i still would prefer the government to stick to its ambitious mandate of reform , rather than tinkering round the edges and achieving the status quo with some trivial window-dressing . 
  agreed , i 'd love to see real reform ( like i said , there is a danger that the uk will remain in , so positive change is always positive . . ) , and i 'd love to see a uk government pushing for it . 
  it just does n't seem like it 's a possibility from either direction and i 'm not entirely sure it ever was . 
   the fact that i will vote to leave does not mean that i do n't also think that the government should try and do what it was mandated to do in the last election .
