  again i disagree , i wo n't rehash my points above but self-determination is important , identifying with and feeling represented by a government is pretty key . 
  in the absence of that you end up feeling unrepresented and not listened to . 
  that is different at different levels , in part due to our histories and experiences . 
   otherwise the safest bet would be to identify oneself as the citizen of the world . 
  and it would be great to be able to do that !, 
  but i think we 'll have to wait until aliens invade . . 
   yes it 's a very nice flag , i just thought it strange that you identify as british ; use a n. irish flag but do n't like the eu because '' [ y ] our influence '' is not substantial . 
  which is exactly the same situation for n. ireland in the uk . 
  it is the same for every union with more than 1 person within it . 
  your arguments so far are only applicable to unions in general . 
  because i feel british but not european ? 
  because i feel that the interests of northern ireland match those of the uk more generally , because i think we are small enough even together , but unified enough that it works ? 
  we have a lot of shared history on this island that we do n't have with the rest of the eu . 
  is that hard to understand ? 
   stating the obvious much . 
  none of that equates to why we should be outside the eu though ... 
  it shows why not all unions are equal . 
  you seem to miss that , as if being a unionist should push someone into taking the same positions regardless of the quality or the structure of a union . 
  lets face it , they are n't all equal and the arguments that i am making about uk influence in the eu are different because that union is very different than the union we have in the uk now . 
   how you have changed marsman , you used to be tempered but are now quite clearly blinded by vehement euroscepticism . 
  seriously , just read your first response to my initial comment . 
  absolutely !, 
  i used to support uk membership of the eu for a start . 
  i do n't think its even remotely accurate to claim i am ` blinded ' by ` vehement euroscepticism ' though . 
  to be honest i 'm more upset with where we have ended up with the eu than angry , after all , the eu could have been something incredibly valuable and positive . 
  that no longer seems to be the case , and yes , that is an opinion , but it is n't exactly one i 've come to lightly ...  source ? 
  you can campaign just as effectively for any mep ... 
  i spent time campaigning at the uk and eu level on a number of ( generally rights . . ) issues , access at the eu level is considerably harder unless you are in brussels , responses also tend to be weaker and frankly the split between parliament and commission makes it awkward too ( as to rapporteur roles and personalities , but hey ) . . building momentum is considerably harder too , and almost impossible unless you can bring in people from multiple countries . 
  that 's probably actually easier for me as i speak a couple of eu languages and worked with organisations in france , germany and the uk ( and now that i think about it the spanish - catalan really - groups we talked to were very effective ... ) but even then its considerably harder to get a response and a result . 
  the ` not in brussels ' thing is actually more of an issue than you 'd think too , a few months ago i wanted to get some answers around ttip transparency and potential impacts and was told that there were public meetings being held on the subject so , i should attend - they were all in brussels , none were streamed and apparently written questions were n't a thing either . 
  obviously the eu is newer and larger than the uk is institutionally , obviously meps have less electoral pressure than mps and mps in the uk have a very different role , but the point remains that campaigning at the eu level is vastly harder than at the eu level . 
   urrm , meps are per region ; they are not pan-european . 
  the same is true for the european council : / yes , but bringing an issue to the fore requires work transnationally . 
  that is hard to do when an issue is n't entirely transnational ( although there there can be give and take , it just is n't anything like as simple as it is at the uk level . . ) . 
   the exact same thing happens on a country basis ... any fta effects different economic regions differently , that 's axiomatic and not specific in the slightest ... 
  this is just so incredibly vague i 'm wondering why i even bother replying . 
  you seem to think that scale is immaterial , it is n't . 
  that 's supposed to be ground into the eu institutionally , but lets face it , it is n't . 
  yes , trade at a national level will have a different impact at the local level , but that is simply amplified then at the eu level right ? 
  where there is not only disparity between states , but then again regionally ... oh and if you think it 's excessively vague , do n't reply . .  the eu has been changing since it 's initial inception . 
  to assume reform is not possible is to entirely misunderstand the very foundation of the eu , an evolving political and economic union . 
  the direction and scale of reform is important . 
  i do n't think reform in the direction i 'd like to see is possible any more because it is n't a majority position across the eu ( and frankly imposing a minority position is n't something i 'd support anyway . . ) , significant change that threatens the status quo at all seems hard too ( unless driven by crisis and seems to come at the cost of being entirely fit for purpose ) , tweaking seems entirely possible and of course anything is possible with treaty changes - except they have to be sufficiently acceptable to be implemented ( which is fine and again , the right approach ) . 
   three quick examples , please disprove them . 
  i 'm happy to provide many more specifics . 
  please disprove what ? 
  yes those rules are in place in the uk , yes they stem from eu regulations . . 
  if the eu did n't exist the uk would have regulations on the sale of goods ( see the 1893 act - i 'm sure it would have been updated ... ) and it had a legal system too . . 
  the reason this is in eu regulation now is because the eu exists and because we 've worked through the eu . 
  the uk could and would have implemented similar legislation regardless though , it is the norm and matches the direction of travel from even before the uk joined the eu . 
  not in all areas of course , but in many and some where the eu does n't have a competency . 
  your argument is basically absurd , i ca n't prove that the uk would have legislated , but given it has in other areas i see no reason why it would n't have , and more to the point it could have . 
  hence the point about this not being dependent on the eu . . 
  the eu does n't for example regulate health provision ( although it is trying to encroach on it . . ) , but the uk managed to set up a nationalised , universal system anyway , long before the eu existed , the uk granted access to emergency care to non-nationals before the eu existed , the uk has a free movement arrangement with ireland outside of schengen and so on and so on . 
  none of this is dependant on the eu , we managed for a long time outside of the eu , many many countries are outside of the eu and manage too . 
  lets not over blow the eus actual role as driving these things , especially given the uks role in doing just that . 
   i do n't think that would work . 
  honestly this whole situation draws a lot of parallels to federal vs state government , you get the same kinds of arguments there . 
  my state does n't agree with these laws , my state does n't want its tax contribution used for this and that project and so on . 
  except the eu is n't a federation so we are still in a position where we can define the relationship . 
  you are absolutely right of course in saying that countries have to compromise , and that benefits will come with costs ( and should outweigh the costs generally ) but that is supposed to be where the compromise happens . 
  right now the biggest most obvious split is the euro vs non euro states - the second is the schengen members and non-schengen members . 
  in both cases , euro membership and schengen membership was sold as a significant benefit , now not being part of them is apparently the benefit ... of course the point is that , especially for the eurozone , there is a need for further integration and better governance and institutions , but that need does n't apply to all and should n't apply to all . 
  that is n't one group shirking the costs of something , that is essentially a different arrangement for membership ... formalising that would make some sort of sense , the more autonomy a country has , the less power it will have within the eu - from states that have essentially just an fta with the eu through to full on eu members that are part of the euro and schengen and on a track toward federal state status ... 
  how would you like me to prove that the uk would have had decent consumer protection even without the eu ? 
  or that brits on holiday in an eu country would be as safe as they are now , if the eu did n't exist ( you know , because it does ? ) . 
  my point is and remains that these things are not exclusive to the eu , they are n't . . what more can i say !, 
  i 'm not frightened of the eu , in fact i 'm sad that it has n't lived up to what it could have been . 
  but it has n't and it looks like that is n't going to change . 
  a shame , but at least there are options . 
   i asked for specifics . 
  the article gave many specific facts and figures . 
  please use some specificity when you are disagreeing with them . 
  oh come on . 
  my point is that these wonderful things we have as part of the eu do n't need the eu to exist . 
  because they exist elsewhere too . 
  surely you do n't disagree with that , surely you do n't believe that consumer protection in the uk would have stagnated in the 70s or that holidays to germany would be dangerous for brits ( or that they are currently more dangerous for non-eu nationals . . ) . 
  i 'm not writing a research paper , i 'm pointing out something that is frankly self evident , unless you really think that all the benefits in the article are a product of the eu and not possible otherwise . . 
   you 're n. irish , why else use a n. irish flag ? 
  i 'm british . . you seriously want to have that discussion ? 
  i happen to like my flag . .  population wise sure , but otherwise not at all . 
  the eu is n't homogeneous in terms of interests or culture - that 's a good thing in my views ( and frankly something the eu should have made more use of ... ) but it causes serious issues when you want it to act cohesively . .  your `` arguments '' against the eu are based on things which apply to any and every union . 
  you should change your arguments if that 's the case . 
  size matters , as does history , as does culture , legal systems even expectations and language ... you ca n't just lump everything together and claim the same arguments apply , they do n't especially given the structural and institutional differences . 
  i 'm not saying that a union in europe ca n't work by the way , i 'm saying that the eu does n't and that i 'd rather be out than in . .  i can vote for and contact meps and i can vote for and elect the european council head of state for the uk ; who both decide upon the commission presidency and commissioners . 
  and i can go and talk to my mp and campaign much more effectively in a local or general election . 
  i have almost no ability to do the same at the eu level without finding several thousand people and a lot of money , across a lot of other countries to do the same . .  give specifics . 
  trade agreements , the compromises and benefit impact different countries as part of the eu in different ways ( so you have bigger winners and losers ) but no ability to make agreements outside of that framework . 
   the same can be applied to every union on the planet with more than 1 person involved ... and yet size matters ...  it 's an evolving process , no one denies that it needs reform . 
  and if it looked like there was actually any credible possibility for reform that i 'd like , i might be able to support it , but at present , and for the last decade or so that does n't seem to have been the case . 
  under different governments , with different intentions . 
  that 's not a good starting point . 
   you used a silly and wrong analogy because it suited your rhetoric of there being a big bad eu out there to take away uk control . 
  no , the analogy indicates that the uk does n't have control as part of the eu , it has limited external ability to control its own destiny ( as part of the treaties it has signed ) and i 'd prefer that to be different . . 
   strange argument ... 
  it under-performs because it is pulling in different directions , that is the issue . 
  you argument seems to be that the uk should then give up it 's interests to strengthen the eu so that the uk can have its interests represented by the eu more efficiently ? 
  that makes even less sense !, 
  my point is simply that the eu is n't cohesive enough to deliver on the promise that it has - the eu should be massively influential , but does n't seem to be able to because of the mix of approaches , the clash of quasi-protectionism and liberalism etc. . 
  no , i disagree that all these things can only exist in the context of the eu .
