  politicians proposing popular things to boost their popularity is pretty much the basis of any democracy , you ca n't generally get elected on policies no-one wants to see implemented , or that everyone fundamentally opposes . 
   varoufakis acting against the interests of the greek economy in order to boost his popularity would definitely be treason - but that needs to be proven . 
  this is an utterly insane suggestion . 
  that definition would mean any politician who held a position or pushed a policy that had a negative impact on the economy but was popular ( say environmental legislation , consumer protections , legal reform , employment rights and so on . . ) could be seen as treason ... 
   funnily enough , this is a view not held by many countries , who are ok with civil servants being political . 
  different tradition . 
  i 'm aware , but the alternatives are pretty problematic and promote inefficiency at best and outright corruption at worst ( although usually it 's something in between . . ) . 
  it also tends to mean significant civil service changes and continuity issues on government changes . . on the positive side that means the civil servants ( senior ones anyway ) have something approaching quasi-democratic accountability , but it does n't half screw with continuity . 
   lso , i would say that the positions of ombudsmen and supervisors are necessarily political positions . 
  i would say that ombudsmen , independent reviewers , special rapporteurs and a few other roles certainly involve advocacy but this role seems oddly ill suited for an elected person in a political role . 
  it might just be me , but it seems a bit off and i 'd love to see far more discussion outside of the technical and in the public sphere . 
   well eu does n't have trade sanctions . 
  the eu has sanctions aimed at russia that have an impact on slovenia , so yes , the eu does have trade sanctions . 
   they should talk with russia on that matter . 
  they should probably talk to all sides , but the eu sanctions can only be lifted from the eu side so ... 
  i think the point is that this kind of legislation should be discussed in public , there should be parliamentary debate ( that is actually interesting to watch . . ) input at committee stages from anyone with an interest and then eventually a vote . . 
  but civil servants probably should n't be involved in promoting specific legislative changes on political grounds - a civil service should be apolitical ( much like judges , the police and so on . . ) after all they have to implement legislation whether they like it or not . 
  so with this , on the one hand i think it 's great that he 's doing something like this in general , but i 'm not sure it 's terribly appropriate and if it would n't be better for the politicians to do it . 
   do you believe france is n't spying on the us government ? 
  or israel beyond just relations with iran and palestine ? 
  no , i 'm sure they probably are , or if they are n't that they probably should be . .  the only possible odious thing here is german nationals being spied on by us nationals with german government consent . 
  yup . .  but when that 's happening , its clearly as part of anti-russian efforts ... no , it 's not clearly part of anti-russian efforts . .  or the very same mass collection that the auscanzukus states all practice , which germany is becoming party to . 
  and that is the problem , i have no issue with governments carrying out intelligence collection , i have problems with governments not protecting their own people , or actively helping other countries to carry out surveillance on their own citizens . 
   have a problem with mass surveillance all you like , but do n't pretend this is motivated by some us policy maker 's desire to hurt german people 's feelings . 
  i do n't think i 've done that anywhere . . 
   i do n't think i would describe it as depressing ; it 's , say , arid ? 
  it 's basically impossible to have a passionate debate in politics here , and i for one think that 's a good thing ; others may disagree . 
  it used to be possible , so i 'm not sure why it should n't be now . 
  as to being a good thing , i think if you ca n't have a passionate debate about the future of your country and how you are governed then it gives too much power to the politicians to do what they want . 
   however , it is very conductive to realpolitik , something that has been successful in germany since the war ; we 're obviously flourishing , maybe with a lack of new ideas but sustainable . 
  germany has had it 's up and downs though , like pretty much everyone else . 
  i think if you do n't have a bit of a range of debate , you end up with people harbouring resentment and anger quietly until it all bubbles over and causes problems . . 
  personally i 'd rather have the passionate debate . 
  well . . that 's depressing . 
  it does seem things have changed quite a bit then , i was always pretty pleased by the level of debate on politics in germany , it seemed like the system actually promoted discussion and finding sensible compromises and novel ideas ( much more so than in the uk with a far more binary approach unless you really went out to look for the discussion ) . 
   not at all , at least in my experience . 
  laws tend to be named very rarely in any kind of reputable media because they 're usually the end point of a debate and there is little to be reported beyond `` they wrote this now '' . 
  if that 's true , things have changed a lot over the last 15 years ... 
  i doubt that there is no public debate on legislation , and if there really is n't now maybe that 's more of an issue than any eponymous monikers attached to legislation !, 
   but i 've never seen a law commonly tied to a person in name ( even association is rare ) , to stay with the case at hand . 
  you might be right there , i ca n't think of any either ... 
  there is clearly a bit of a difference in shorthand then . 
   really ? 
  the latter two are obvious , but i actually thought things like `` cassie 's law '' were semi-official . 
  good to know it 's just your media being even worse than i thought , then . 
  the media is fine too , it tends to be activists who add aliases to these things and it sort of depends what gets popular as to how it is referred to . 
  especially when it is a change that is n't done through primary legislation , but a modification of a process or secondary legislation or whatever . . 
  it 's hardly new , or unique to the anglosphere either , it 's relatively common in germany at the very least , and i would bet elsewhere . 
  i 'm pretty certain that if you look at controversial legislation in most countries it will have been dubbed with a term that is biased one way or another . . 
  in the context of ` cassies law ' it came from activism , it was pushed by a campaign using the name and so on , so it makes sense to report on it that way , for things like the snoopers charter , the term is simply what it ended up being most commonly known as ( and so that gets added to the description - the ` so called snoopers charter ' etc. . . 
  i 'd point out that the law is n't actually called ` cassies law ' , much like the ` snoopers charter ' is n't called the snoopers charter , and the ` bedroom tax ' is n't called the bedroom tax . 
  it 's short hand for sensibly named legislation or secondary legislation etc. . 
   sounds fascinating . 
  especially in a country with internet filters and stuff ... isp filters , i 'm pretty sure most countries have them , it 's not like there are mandated always on filters in place . 
  there are court orders banning access to certain sites from isps ( mostly tpb . . ) but that 's not entirely unique either , and something that the courts interpreted , rather than specific legislation ...  could you tell us how they fine you when you do minor shit that does n't involve being taken into the station ? 
  they take your name and address , check it against the electoral roll and the police computer and issue you with a fine - obviously if they think you are lying ( they will take you to a police station to identify you . . ) . 
   i mean when they see you jay walking here in germany they can collect a fee . 
  the uk does n't really do on the spot , immediate cash fines . 
  it does penalty notices that you have to pay , with a court date if you fail . 
  the idea of simply handing over cash seems a bit odd frankly . 
   i guess they wo n't take your dna . 
  they can on arrest , and keep it under certain conditions , but broadly you tell the police who you are and where you live and it mostly works . 
  i mean , there are other quirks , for example if i want to change my name from marsman to something else in the uk , i can just start using the name i want . . as long as i 'm not defrauding anyone , that 's fine and perfectly legal . . 
  i mean when they see you jay walking here in germany they can collect a fee . 
  if you 're out of cash they 'll pull your adress from your id . 
  how is something like that handled by the british ? 
  i guess they wo n't take your dna . 
   id cards are a necessity in modern society the uk does n't have them and manages to run a perfectly modern society , so they are n't a necessity . . 
  to be fair , the idea is to spur investment , which seems to have happened to the point of actually being profitable . 
  that is n't going to stop ( the investment has been made ) it may not accelerate as fast , but arguably removing a subsidy when it has worked is the right thing to do , otherwise you end up with some of the more perverse and absurd subsidies we see in other areas and lots of tax loopholes etc. . of course whether the timing is right now is probably something someone with more expertise in this particular area should comment on , but broadly , subsidies are supposed to be there to spur growth or development ( or promote a particular direction ) and then removed when goals are met . . 
  not wanting to be in sort of does , that was what the whole ` too cool for it ' comment was about . 
  the uk could join if it had any interest in doing so , but it does n't want to so it 's going to do what works for the uk rather than join something that the uk thinks would n't work for it at all and is massively unpopular . . and obviously the original comment was about shengen which the uk is also not a part of and could join , but wont ... 
   that is for eu , i meant for eurozone . 
  that can be seen on the `` enlargement of the eurozone '' wiki page . 
  that 's a bit different - i mean , would you expect a country that actively does n't want to join the euro to be on a path toward convergence with conditions that it does n't need ( nor wants ) to meet ? 
   look i 'm saying there is a state , that has twice attacked two nations because they tried to join alliances . 
  the first time it was an alliance where germany is a member ( nato ) , the second an alliance where germany is considered a leader ( the eu ) . 
  if this is not a strong proof that this state is hostile to the german state and its people , i do n't know what does . 
  and i 'm not disagreeing with you that intelligence services in germany or the us should be interested in russia and potential russian intervention or operations in europe ... 
  i 'm sure germany and the us ( and others ) are cooperating in their intelligence and other operations . 
   if this is not a strong proof that this state is hostile to the german state and its people , i do n't know what does . 
  well , it certainly shows some hostility and it may of course be acting counter to german interests . 
   a politician ties his financial wellbeing to that state is far less likely to care more about germany and its people than a foreign government that has tied its own fate to germany trough a number of alliances , including a military one . 
  that 's pushing it a bit , but greed is a motivation for espionage , always has been so you can see that dual loyalties would be problematic . 
  and it would be in the interests of germany and the us to know about such an issue !, 
  now here is the issue . 
  when it comes to internal security threats , the german government should be in a position to deal with them . 
  germany has working intelligence and security agencies , this is what they are there for if they ca n't do it , the german population should be very pissed off , because it leaves germany open to attack and infiltration ( including from the russians . . ) . 
  what this problem is not , is a justification for german intelligence agencies not protecting the german government from foreign intelligence gathering ( including that of the us ) . 
  the us spied on the german government , not just some perceived baddies within it . 
  it spied on other european governments too . 
  it is doing that in its own interests , not in the interests of the countries being spied on . 
  sure some of that may be to counter russia , but a lot of it will also relate to us interests , economic issues and other us defined justifications for surveillance . 
  all of that is normal , you would expect a country to spy on those it competes with . 
  but you 'd also expect the intelligence agencies of the countries that the us is spying on to act against it . 
  the us is n't spying on germany for the benefit of germany , it is spying on germany for the benefit of the us , and that may be used to hurt germany . 
  germany should not allow that , people in germany should be pissed off if the german government does n't do something about it . . edit : managed to mess up posting my reply . 
  the internet where i am currently is kind of bad . 
   there are always going to be unforeseen issues and circumstances , but the immature and petulant reactions do n't help . 
  but the whole no bailout thing is actually part of the agreements under which people joined the eu , sidestepping that and then asking ` why did n't you expect it ! ',
