  he then put himself in a position where the uk would seek his arrest for breaching bail and extradition and is pretty much the only person who can resolve that ...  could you care to mention that reason and restore sanity in assange 's actions , or is it preferable for assange to be portrayed as insane ? 
  assange 's actions are n't insane , whether you agree with them or not , he is trying to protect himself , however the suggestion that the uk can do anything about the conditions of assanges current living situation is a very different matter . 
  the uk can hardly ignore the fact that he skipped bail and that he should be extradited to sweden , he has n't managed to make the case that he is at risk in a uk court ( although he was given ample opportunity to do so ) and he is effectively on the run . 
  at the end of the day , nothing will change , at least not until sweden and ecuador/assange can come to an agreement on him being questioned about the offences he is alleged to have committed in sweden . 
  even then , if sweden wants to continue with an extradition then there is very little assange could do , or that the uk could do . 
  the one thing that does however strike me as problematic is the credibility of the threat of extradition to the us , if assange was quite so concerned about sweden 's relationship with the us in terms of extradition , why would he go there in the first instance , and from there why flee to the uk and not somewhere safer ? 
  the whole mess has destroyed assanges credibility , it harmed wikileaks and at the very least at this point makes assange look like a fugitive from both sweden and obviously in the uk . . 
  the argument ` well the americans might get me ' is n't and should n't be a get out of jail free card , and as with the credibility of wikileaks , it has done nothing but harm to assange either ( i realise some people have claimed that the whole process in sweden was intended to harm his credibility , well , if that were the case it failed , he did much more damage to his credibility since being held , and in skipping bail than at any other time ) . 
   so , what are we supposed to do with our farmers ? 
  hanging them up at a lamppost or shoot them in the neck ? 
  you could have asked the same question about workers in cotton mills , staff that used to man typing pools , coal miners , steel workers . . 
  the industrial revolution destroyed a vast number of jobs , the current changes toward greater automation and a century of greater efficiency have all reduced the number of people working in various sectors . 
  in most developed countries we are seeing a continuation of the trend that there are fewer and fewer agricultural workers as a proportion of the working population , that 's true for the uk , for germany , iceland , estonia ... it will be true for france too . 
  if anything , rather than propping up farmers , france should be looking to see if it can do better than the uk and others at protecting and preserving the communities that this will hurt , but i 'm not entirely sure how ( infrastructure investment ? 
  better distributed working ? 
  more flexible conditions for rural startups maybe ? 
  and the un ruling was a bit absurd anyway , he can end the abnormal current situation at any time and be held under more normal circumstances . . 
  the notion that someone who has broken the law ( in the uk at least , he would appear to have breached the bail act . . ) is being persecuted because he 'd get arrested if he entered the jurisdiction in which he broke the law , seems a bit daft . 
  you do n't need anything special to set up a business in lots of countries , and generally tax authorities are n't that interested in your immigration status . 
   every other woman i know laughs at the idea of having kids right now , because it 's extremely hard to find a good enough job to support ourselves , let alone raise a family . 
  so career has to come first , even if you want to have kids . 
  define ` support ourselves ' ... 
  i have kids , i know plenty of people on wages that are well below the average , parents at my kids school who are between jobs or temp , or work in low skilled roles and they have kids and manage to raise them . 
  people seem to have somewhat skewed notions about what is sufficient to support a family and have other priorities . 
  that 's fine , but it is then their priorities that are getting in the way not money . 
  a couple with children is n't really in a position where both parents can pursue their prospective careers , you end up in a position where either one or both have to sacrifice their prospects for the best part of a decade or more to ensure that they do have time for the kid ( s ) in question . 
  that in turn means making choices and sacrificing stuff to make things work . . a lot of people do n't seem to want to do that . 
  its scary , it 's tiring , its not very fashionable and , having kids massively takes you away from the things that most people enjoy doing ( at least for a while . . ) , but it is certainly doable , as you can see from the large proportion of relatively poor people who seem to manage . . 
  if you are looking to have kids without any changes or sacrifices it wo n't happen , because it takes both , even if just in terms of time . . 
  and it 's got a lot more to do with attitudes and culture than it has to do with money . 
   why do you want influence over something that 's none of your business ? 
  the eu is none of the uks business ? 
  that 's a new one , i thought being a member made it the uks business . 
  or maybe you mean schengen , or the erozone , but that is n't what the parent was talking about . .  we 're doing the dirty work in calais . . well , you could do a better job of protecting your borders , or in dealing with people who have no legal status in your country than simply hoping they might go away ... 
  it 's not only calais after all . 
   while you can act as the good guys and give away asylum status like it 's maltesers to those who manage to cross . 
  the uk does n't grant asylum status to people who do n't qualify , and we have a border with proper border controls . 
  france can do that too if it wants . . 
   it boggles the mind . 
  it really does , there are a host of options to keep borrowing costs under control and invest in quite a number of things now that will save significant amounts of money and improve our lives in the future . 
  but no , instead we are cutting back and guaranteeing ourselves greater costs ( both ongoing and ne off ) in the future instead , when it may well be far more expensive to finance those costs . 
  this may well be a problem for investors ( which i would assume becomes an issue in london far more rapidly ) , and it might well become an issue for people with variable buy-to-let mortgages , but i do n't think on a uk scale it 's going to result in a house price crash . 
  the reason for that should be obvious , no-one is building anything like enough housing and more and more people need somewhere to live . . 
  the uk is n't building enough housing to make up for population growth , there is n't a surplus in housing , it 's not that people are buying and building houses to invest and then leaving them empty . . 
  the only way for there to be a significant crash in house prices uk wide would be for a significant change in demand , that means either vastly more houses being built , or a lot of people suddenly deciding they do n't need to rent or buy property any-more ( people moving back home , sharing houses etc. 
  ) , above and beyond the people being forced into that by house prices already . . 
  yes , a repeated contraction in mortgage lending would have an impact on the market , but not on the scale of the 2008 contraction ( which resulted in a 16 % drop across the uk , if not evenly . . ) and lets face it , the mortgage market has already changed massively , there are far fewer interest only mortgages out there , deposit requirements are far higher and banks have been fairly reluctant to lend anyway . . 
  moreover , when we are talking about interest rate hikes , we are talking about rates climbing to 5-6 % , not the 17 % + that we saw in the 80s , which again , is a vastly different prospect for people who have borrowed under much more stringent conditions . 
   at least to me , when somebody mentions gentrification in london i think of areas in eastern or southern london becoming `` cool '' as artists and other creative types move in , with others soon following them , driving up house prices and driving the older residents out . 
  this has happened in e.g. 
  brixton and shoreditch within the last two decades . 
  that 's generally how i 'd see it too , that is certainly a pattern that exists outside of london too , and is similar to what happens to villages in places like the peak district too ( albeit not so much with artists moving in , but other groups ... ) . 
  its demographic change that makes an area more attractive , and usually the reverse is also happening somewhere . 
  i 'm sure some of it is driven by foreign investors to a certain extent , but i 'd argue that 's more of a symptom than a cause , a foreign investor is going to want to invest in property that will increase in value , areas that are seeing gentrification therefore provide a good investment opportunity ( which further fuels the inability of people who grew up in an area to buy . . ) . 
  at the same time however , the biggest impact on rental prices is still desirability and availability , just because you buy a house in say bury , for a million pounds , does n't suddenly mean you can rent it out at above the market rent . . 
  but remember , the uk will have more influence within the eu than outside of it . 
  because the eu is bigger . 
  mumble mumble ... 
  not a problem , colonel nick nottingham has been on a course to learn how to speak english loudly and slowly . 
  that 's pretty much the same thing . 
  to be honest , the more challenging job is probably going to be hiding all the stuff that was ... acquired ... by both of us from the other , that is on display at our various officers messes . 
  i 'm not sure that everyone is on board with the whole federalization process so that might be a sticking point , and of course using the current instability and looming crisis ( again . . ) to force institutional change ( as you put it - ` creating a joint finance minister for the eurozone that overrides national decisions ' ) seems like the currently vogue approach anyway . . 
   what right do they have to spy on european ambassadors ? 
  the article suggests they got the european ambassadors to leak them the text . 
  as to what right do they have ? 
  well , the same rights any country has to spy on a foreign state , and for the same reasons people spy on the us , russia , china and anyone else ... because it is in their interests and it means they have some control over their destiny and security . 
   i do n't get how spying on private meetings on restricted subjects is not considered an act of treason by the eu i assume it 's not considered an act of treason because israel is n't part of the eu and so can hardly act in a treasonous manner toward it . 
  if the theory that the drafts were leaked are true , then i suppose at most its a bit of light espionage . 
  in either case , it 's nothing most other countries would n't or do n't do , especially if someone within the meeting is willing to share so i think it might be a bit harsh embargoing a country on the basis that someone gave them information . . 
  i mean lets face it , from this it sounds like the eu ambassadors , or the psc leaks like a sieve , never mind that espionage against foreign states is generally not only normal , but frankly sensible . 
  oh , and there are plenty of better reasons to sanction israel , it 's just no-one seems terribly interested in that ... 
  exactly , if we are running joint operations , having officers on loan in both directions makes sense - and the uk does it with the us , australia , canada , new zealand and others too , so it should n't be that surprising . 
   i realise freight would have to be exempt , i was n't suggesting that would be nationalised . 
  to be pedantic , if you ca n't nationalise rail freight , you ca n't nationalise the railways as to opinion , my to to has been [ this ] ( http://www.european-services-strategy.org.uk/publications/essu-reports-briefings/european-public-services-briefing-2-the-impact/impact-eu-competition-policy-on-public-transport.pdf ) plus opinion , largely because of the complexity of eu directives , approaches and the treaties meshed with a judicial approach that it just a bit alien and leads to decisions that seem at odds with the stated agreements at times ... 
   as i said , these do not cover domestic trains and as i said , they are not a block on state ownership , but a driver for harmonisation on standards to facilitate interoperability . 
  there are a raft of directives that limit or curtail nationalisation , especially full nationalisation they include the directives directly relevant to rail ( unless freight is exempt from nationalisation ) they include the requirements on contracting public provision ( and rules that require contracts to be open to bid . . ) , they include issues with state aid ( subsidy of the railways ) , and those stemming from the tfeu . 
  the question realistically ( and it 'd come down to the ecj ... ) is whether nationalisation would be limiting a market that is currently open , and indeed then whether the nationalised industries in question would be in a position to leverage their monopoly in a manner that harms other markets ( the separation between the provision of services and the infrastructure for example ) , and of course whether the uk were extending , or rather recouping control in areas where it had already clearly given them over to market liberalisation . 
  i think we 'd run into an objection , quite a few people , left and right leaning , seem to think that may be true too ( and i do n't just mean the kind of farage inspired ` eu stole our sovereignty ' type approaches either ) . 
  i 'd also argue that one of the reasons this really is n't clear ( and why i think my view is closer to the likely outcome . . ) is because of the way other states have funded their rail services and operators - we have an almost unique requirement for eu rules to permit existing state monopolies ( and non-monopoly operators . . ) and a push to allow those state monopolies access to new markets for international and freight services between eu states ... 
  the commission statement on guidelines for state aid to railway undertakings gives a pretty clear view of the intent of the eu as regards railway competition and taken along side harmonisation , state aid , competition and market liberalisation ( in both the treaties and directives ) i think it 's pretty clear that any attempt to fully nationalise the uks railways would hit a fairly major roadblock in the eu in the first instance ... ( and it might win out , but i doubt it , certainly not without some serious concessions ) . 
  but hey , i 'm still waiting for electrification in the north , and nationalisation , even under a labour government ( hopefully in about 3 years ... ) seems like it 'd be a long way off even without the eu in the way . 
   there 's nothing preventing railway renationalisation to my knowledge . 
  there is a lot of debate on it . 
  there is nothing to prevent national provision on the railways , that is to say , a state run operator is fine , but you closing the market to other providers ( especially once it has been open to ` competition ' ) is a different matter entirely and likely would fall foul of eu rules , both in terms of competition , market access and state subsidy . 
  take a look at the first and second railway directives , it 's pretty clear that national provision ( whether transnational or not ) absolutely is in scope and that the standardisation push is absolutely there to provide a push for interoperability with a view to competition . 
   so basically rail travel that is solely domestic is excluded from this directive . 
  i really do n't think that is the case , even taken what you have written above . 
   this directive is basically there to ensure free use of the railways between international borders . 
  again there is a lot of debate around this and of course , directives can be changed , but as it stands the view seems to be that would have to happen before full rail nationalisation occurred , especially if we are talking rail , rolling stock , stations and both passenger and freight provision . 
  doubly so if we are kicking out the current uk and eu private operators . . 
  i ca n't find it now , but there was an interesting interpretation of the requirement for liberalisation and competition within the eu , the discussion about joint ventures and eu competition law on even joint ventures between public providers was clear that the goal is greater market access , and preventing state monopolies or barriers to entry ( essentially protectionism in the transport sector - even if it is for the benefit of passengers ... ) . 
  really interesting , cheers . 
   some lobbyists may be barking about pressuring eu member states to further shrink the state and pull governments out of economy ... we have directives in place that require competition and separation between aspects of infrastructure . 
  that essentially mandates privatisation ( or prevents states from operating a state monopoly , which amounts to the same thing ) . 
  essentially , once you have privatised something ( as in the uk with water , rail , busses etc. . ) you ca n't easily nationalise it . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't regulate it ( see london transport , regional water suppliers and so on . . ) and it does n't generally mean that the state ca n't compete ( although you run into issues of subsidy ) but it does make nationalisation quite hard . 
   if we look at practice , we can see that eu still strives for a much larger interference/control of the market , then , say , the u.s. 
  regulations , standards , are almost a trademark of the eu , and many things , such as healthcare , may even be eventually absorbed into a universal eu coverage , instead of privatising . 
  the regulatory approach that the eu currently takes is n't a good thing ... as to the idea of ` universal eu health coverage ' , that 's almost a reality in practice , but it has nothing to do with private vs public ownership . 
   state aid is still very alive in e.g.
