  france , and slovenia was even allowed to have fully state-controlled fuel prices for the last 12 years . 
  it 's one thing to continue state ownership or a state monopoly , something different again to renationalise or reimpose a national monopoly . 
  so , in conclusion , there are literally regulations in place that specifically prevent renationalisation of things like railways , and that force eu members to open their networks to private competition ( and , amusingly , competition from state owned enterprises in other eu states where they continue to exist ) . 
  the problem here again , is that the eu is a barrier to public ownership ( and state aid , and essentially a sate driven social europe . . ) . 
  so he wo n't get that through the eu without significant reform ... 
  but there is no chance he 'd get the reform . 
  so much like cameron , the line seems to be , ` lets stay in europe because it could be something i 'd like it to be ' when in reality it is something very different ... and yet outside of the eu , these things would be possible if a party won the debate ( and election ... ) at the national level . 
   europeanism does not mean you have to agree with the current government of the eu on everything . 
  if i am italian and i disagree with renzi 's policies it does not mean i am anti-italian . 
  it should be the same thing . 
  renzi is a centre-left leader and he disagrees with juncker on various issues ... is that weird ? 
  it 's absolutely normal !, 
  i think this is actually incredibly important in the context of the shape of governance ( whether that 's eu . 
  national or otherwise ) . 
  the fact that one currently agrees with the way a government is acting is not a good reason to support a particular structure or set of institutions ( it 's a great reason to support the party , or parties that make up the government . . ) , in much the same way that if you do n't like a policy set , you ca n't really blame the structure , but rather the politicians who are determining policy . 
  essentially when you are looking at something like the eu , the question has to be about whether the competencies are appropriate , whether the institutions and structure can deliver what you want ( even if they do n't . . ) and whether the institutional aims ( regardless of immediate policy ) align with yours . 
  it would be as absurd to argue that the eu will push a permanent austerity agenda on the basis of the current set up , in much the same way that it 'd be absurd to argue that the eu will continue to be dominated largely by the socially democratic centre left . 
  that said there are points of crossover . 
  for example , the possibility of institutional change that forces , ( or rather enforces . . ) an austerity agenda , say the proposals from sch\u00e4uble 's regarding an automatic mechanism for restructuring the public debt of any country requesting financial assistance , do exist . 
  if they were to be implemented ( and lets face it , that would agree majority support ) that would entrench a policy position into the institutions and make the institutions considerably less flexible . 
   austerity is a policy and as such it can be argued and changed . 
  free movement is a pillar of the eu and it should not be questionable . 
  both can be and sort of are policy positions , but one has become ( or always has been ) a core principle of the eu . 
  they can both change , and both could become , or cease to be core to the eu , it 's just harder for the latter to change at present ( and that 's probably a good thing , the eu is defined by a certain extent by free movement , and in association with the other three freedoms , it provides a solid basis for union ) and harder to integrate the former . 
  and lets face it , the manner in which say , free movement , exists within the eu is subject to policy . 
  there is no reason why it should n't be questioned , there is no reason why someone opposing free movement should n't support the eu as a whole , or why someone who supports free movement may oppose membership of the eu . 
  right , but the ` better ' part is supposed to be key , it 's not some sort of glorious unified suicide pact . 
  the uk is n't part of the eurozone at the moment , it is n't part of schengen , there is no good reason to try and make the uk subject to regulations that are only intended to apply to either of those . . 
  i thought that was catholicism !, 
   not sure of the implications of this realisation , however . 
  probably nothing really , i suppose if one were really paranoid , you could make a case that the eu is all really about that tripartite group , but its not that credible . 
   i am not so sure about ni situation you may be aware that there has been a little trouble there for some time about whether or not to be part of union . 
  pretty much . 
  and i thought it was to build a better europe together . 
  not so sure about germany - i know i 've flown into frankfurt , dusseldorf , berlin , hamburg and munich ( once , never again . . ) sort of got the impression that there is more of a spread than the uk - that 's a bit anecdotal but still . 
  your point on amsterdam is well made too , that 's tends to be my ` cheaper ' ( not that much , but i like flying so an extra hour or two is actually quite nice if i have the time ) route . 
  i get the impression there is quite a lot transitioning through there . .  for example , air new zealand and air astana know they will only fill a flight if they fly to london . 
  i sort of wonder if that is a chicken and egg problem , pretty much everyone ends up flying out of london because that 's where the flights are - sure there will be considerably more transfer traffic that sheer domestic , but there have to be quite a large number of brits from all over the uk flying to various placed daily , and the midlands is as easy to reach from anywhere as london is now ( even if they just reverse the flow of connecting flights ) . 
  but you are probably right , it 'll be more complex and given you do have a lot of traffic aimed at london , it might be impossible to separate that . 
  well fuck me , that 's a first , you actually have me wanting to defend someone who really is quite a bit of a knobhead on here ( to me at least , might be a nice guy the rest of the time ) and showing the tricolour . . next i 'll be throwing things at land-rovers . 
  to your point though , i do n't think which flags people adopt is terribly relevant on here , sure it helps sometimes as a guide , but there are far more reasonable , sensible and nice people flying any of the various flags than there are idiots under the same , so i 'll ignore your advice . 
  * edit : [ my fleg !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bavxqgnvo2w ) *, 
   the eu is the only thing that makes us relevant any more not really , our economy , decent use of soft power , remaining military capacity , large ex-pat population and history is what makes us relevant . 
  if anything , we are less relevant as part of the eu , and less able to act in our own interests . 
  as to the eu , it 's going to be bigger than the uk , but it will become much closer and probably quite different from what the uk is now , i 'm not sure we are ready for that and i certainly do n't want it ... 
   why does it have to mean that ? 
  i think that is more and more what the uk will run into if it remains , and that is n't that surprising , without a two tier arrangement and without some sort of formal notion of holding integration for some subset of the eu , there will be continual pressure for that integration , and the uk will be forced to compromise more and more just to stand still . 
  as you can see again and again from the eu leadership , from quite a few leaders of eu member states and obviously in a forum like this one with a disproportionate number of federalists , is that the aims of the eu are deemed to be closer integration as a matter of principle , not one necessarily driven by democratic desire . 
  i would further argue that a remain vote will be taken by other eu states , not as a vote for the status-quo , but as an affirmation of the long term aims of the eu . 
  as to trade in services ( and specifically germany ) i 'm sure we 'll get that at some point , but what the cost will be , and what the potential impact will be on the uks service economy will be interesting . 
  i suppose we could end up in a situation where the big three in the eu , all have their little protected niche ( german manufacturing , french agriculture and british services ) . 
  would n't that be nice ... 
   the british will become super anti-european and will stop buying european goods at such large quantities and look else where . 
  i 'd argue that that 's just not likely at all , not over something like this and not the average brit either . 
  people will still buy their audis , vw 's and bmw 's not to mention their bosch appliances , blaupunkt stereos and braun razors . 
  i do n't think brits generally are as jingoistic as you suggest , not over something like this anyway . 
  i meant outside of london , i 've never quite understood why so much of the transfer traffic goes through london rather than say manchester or nottingham . 
  in fact it 's a bit daft that half of my flights seem to involve flying to london and then onward . 
  like i said , there probably is n't a simple solution , it just seems odd that we make quite so much use of london infrastructure when surely it should be possible to intelligently spread it around a bit . 
  or failing that , just make a decision and do what must be done , there is nothing worse than continuous procrastination . 
  to be fair , you 'd think there 'd be some alternative solution than simply expanding heathrow or gatwick , especially if we are talking hubs , but if there is i have n't heard it . 
   i do n't see it happened in the near future . 
  do you think people would mind ? 
   not like they wo n't be printing invites to scotland or northern ireland to join the eu if the uk does decide to leave ... and if the uk does leave , no one is going to veto scotland or nis admission to the group . 
  there may be some chance of scotland looking for independence if the uk leaves the eu ( although , that 'll depend on a lot of things ) but northern ireland is n't going to be declaring independence from the uk to join the eu at any time in the near future . 
   of course , will it be as easy for the rest of the `` kingdom '' to get back in once they have bailed ? 
  any chance of the favorable terms they stand to get now ? 
  i think the uk 'll be fine either way ... but it 's always nice to see people who see the eu as a project of cooperation for the betterment of europe , rather than a stick to hit people with . . 
   i 'd say that centre-left , centre-right and centrist/liberal parties all tend to be pro-eu i 'd agree that the more extreme ends of the political spectrum of tend to be more anti-eu ( and i mean anti , not just eurosceptic or looking for an exit . . ) and whilst you are right that centre-left , centre-right and centrist/liberal parties all tend to be pro-eu i think they tend to harbour a fair number ( albeit a minority ) of people who should also be described as eurosceptic . 
  you can see that in the uk quite obviously with the various eurosceptic elements now arguing one way or another and the historical ructions that positions on the eu have caused . 
  as to criticising the policies vs the very existence , i 'd argue that even a majority of those that will vote to leave when the referendum comes around do n't want to see the eu cease to exist , but see the uks future outside of the eu - it goes beyond policies and down to the fundamental basis of what the state and government should look like . . 
   i doubt there 's much of a democratic mandate in many other countries . 
  if that were the case , then surely the question has to be why the eu broadly does n't reflect the will of the people who live in the bloc , and why there is n't a lot of pressure to reform the eu in a manner that is closer to what people might want . 
  after all , cooperation at the eu level is a good thing , it 's the depth of integration and the aim of the bloc that seems so divergent . 
  [ google cache of the article ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:u4ribojhxfyj:www.economist.com/blogs/gulliver/2016/02/orient-express+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=de ) relevant bit : according to statistics released by aci europe , an airport association , around 75m flyers passed through heathrow in 2015 , an increase of 2.2 % on the year before . 
  paris was second with 66m . 
  but the most significant threat to europe 's main hub can be found in third place . 
  the number of passengers passing through istanbul ataturk rose by 9.1 % to 62m ( see chart ) . 
  if the two airports maintain the same pace of growth , istanbul could overtake heathrow within two years , reckons aci . 
  that is if it can squeeze the flights in . 
  ataturk , like heathrow , is close to full up . 
  unlike britain , however , turkey has a clear plan on how to deal with the crunch ... 
  i suppose there is an argument to say that if the playing field between eu and non-eu migrants is levelled that it 'd be proportionately easier for australians & kiwis , the non-eu migration restrictions could be relaxed and governments could still hit their all important migration targets ... that said , i 'd prefer to see easier and more flexible migration generally ( eu and non-eu frankly . . ) it seems silly to limit migration on an arbitrary basis to meet a politically set limit , rather than using the availability of work , coupled with decent worker protections to arrive at something that generally benefits everyone . 
  and maybe someone should build some more houses . . 
   i still kinda am , because why else join , if not to make money of it , but ca n't quite figure out how atm . 
  it 's about marginal benefits . 
  if you have # 100bn of trade with a country , and a trade deal gets you an extra 1-2 % it 's worth it ( assuming all else is equal ) . 
  after all , an extra # 2bn a year is a lot of money . 
  and it can change over time , it may be that it 's worth it initially , but that as the world changes , as markets get more open , countries develop , technology and economies change , the added value can get bigger smaller . 
  then there are costs , spending # 250m to get a # 2bn benefit is great who would n't , but if that benefit drops , or the costs ( or opportunity costs . . ) drop then the benefits become smaller too . 
  lastly , you have to factor in the value and costs of non-trade aspects too . 
  does the cost of schengen currently outweigh the benefits ? 
  what about the costs of euro membership for greece , does that outweigh the costs of not being part of the euro ( i have no idea . . ) . 
  then you can try to value things like being able to set your own policies in certain areas , managing your own agricultural subsidies , being able to invest money in things like broadband ( competition rules can be a problem . . ) . 
  all in its not a simple calculation . 
  as to the uk , i think an exit wo n't do very much either way economically , i do n't see the prospect of much damage or many gains initially , but i do see value in lots of other areas , and long term i also think that 's going to be a value add to the uk economy and generally . 
  importantly , these calculations will be different for every eu member , i 'm sure germany and france are currently happy with the benefits the euro and eu membership provides , i would assume poland are too , spain , italy , ireland - it depends . 
  you ca n't take the uk position and really apply it anywhere else . 
  * edit : spelling ... it 's late ... *,
