  it 's 20 % of the eu economy , a massive chunk of german , french and italian exports and a vast market for other goods and services ... 
  there is no way at all that the eu and uk wo n't negotiate a very open trade deal as part of the uk exit . . 
  possibly , although it 'd be a daft comparison in context . 
  it 's not as though leaving the eu is an isolationist step , the uk is n't planning on closing its markets , reducing diplomatic contact or bringing in policies that separate it from the rest of the global community . . 
  its like when you vote for change in an election , meaningless without more information . 
  however polling does suggest that people want some non-specific reform ( probably mostly around political union , powers , immigration etc. . ) . 
  but i do n't quite see how the parent can argue that people should be making decisions on the basis of what might possibly happen , rather than the reality of the situation . 
  sure it might all be great when we get the referendum , but it 's probably wo n't so we may want to start talking about the issues with the eu now , rather than hope that someone else fixes it in the meantime . 
  shallow ? 
  do you really think all of those are shallow reasons ? 
   i do n't remember saying otherwise , i just think its incredibly asinine to even suggest that because someone was wrong in the past that they are going to be wrong now . 
  i think it 's less of an issue when it is on a similar subject and they are making the same arguments , arguments that simply do not stand up and that are pretty clearly extreme to the point of parody . .  that 's hocum and you should know better , are you trying to straw man me ? 
  please stick to what i 've actually written . 
  the initial comment was : `` ah if only all the businesses that have come out and said it would be a disaster '' that is exactly what has been said by some business groups too . 
  and that again , is n't a consensus and it is pretty hyperbolic . .  right , but it depends on who the official leave campaign will be ; and if we even end up leaving . 
  no , the uk being a massive economy has nothing to do with either element and if the uk leaves it is certain that the uk and eu would put an arrangement in place that does as little harm to either as possible ... 
  i mean , that 's practically part of the exit process . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  how can an ideology be objectively wrong ? 
  it can be objectively wrong when it does n't achieve what it claims to achieve , it can be morally wrong too ...  also , i edited my comment after you replied ( i was still kind of writing it ) you can reread if you want . 
  ah , seen that now :  also , some of the biggest business organisations ( cbi , fsb , british chambers of commerce , business for britain to name a few ) have said they are in favour of staying in a reformed eu . 
  indeed , i 've pointed that out all over the place . 
  the reformed eu being the key point for lots of voters too according to the polls ( there is a much higher instance of people wanting to remain in the eu if there is scope for change ) . 
   of course almost everyone ( except the hardcore eurosceptics ) says wait for the renegotiations before making up your mind . 
  and of course those making the argument to stay regardless , and those making the argument that we should vote to stay and then change the eu . . you can see why that 's pretty much equivalent . . obviously my argument would be that you can only make the case on the basis of the situation now , if things change significantly before a vote then great !, 
  but given i ca n't see that happening i do n't think i need to not make the case now and , even more obviously , if my concerns are dealt with through renegotiation and that it in place before the referendum then hey , my argument collapses anyway !, 
   yeah , maybe it 's one of the downsides of english being the lingua franca , that foreign readers get an distorted view of uk 's society . 
  they tend to see the extremes and miss pretty much all the nuance , but that is n't a language issue that 's just a ` what floats to the top ' issue . 
  very few people dig any deeper than the headline news , or international news when it is n't something that is directly relevant to them , never mind looking at any source material ... 
  there are 5 million or so businesses in the uk , most of which probably are n't represented by any umbrella group , and it seems pretty clear at the moment that there is nothing close to a consensus within the ` business community ' on the eu either . 
  the really key thing to take away though is that there is a lot of support from businesses for the uk to remain in a reformed eu , and concern over instability that might occur if there is a vote to leave . 
  however , whether reform is possible or likely is a different story and that does change the equation fairly significantly . 
  no of course not , but can we be clear that the claims people are making on both sides could do with substantiating and at least some explanation ? 
  i keep seeing the argument that it 'll all be a disaster and that uk will face major obstacles trading with the eu , when it 's pretty clear that wo n't happen . 
  it 's almost as bad as the arguments that we 'd end up in exactly the same position as norway or switzerland etc. . when it should be pretty obvious that the uk , as a massive economy and like any other country , will have a specific deal to put together ... oh and obviously if someone is pushing an ideology and that ideology is wrong , they will be wrong until they either modify the ideology or drop it . . 
   ah if only all the businesses that have come out and said it would be a disaster to be fair lots of businesses have n't said that it would be a disaster , and quite a few of the people who have come out and said it 'll lead to massive problems for the uk are the same people that predicted major issues for the uk if it did n't join the euro ... 
   to me the british newspapers , with the exception of the guardian , come across as totally nuts , pushing an extreme conservative and nationalist agenda . 
  interestingly i 'd see the guardian as existing in a bit of an odd bubble and not quite getting the tone on any number of issues related to the eu whilst i see a little more balance ( and a whole lot of inanity too ) from the other side . 
  i also would n't label much of it as either nationalist or conservative , some of it is one or both , but there has been quite a lot of reasonable discussion too . 
  that is n't to say that the media is giving a balanced view of the situation in the uk . .  and lthe ist is missing one thing : scapegoating the eu to push unpopular legislation . 
  they are doing it here too , `` sorry , that 's an eu directive we 've go to comply to '' but not so often as in the uk i guess . 
  this is quite interesting , the eu does get a bit of that , but they get used in both directions and of course the eu does stand in the way of stuff all the time and has a very different regulatory approach that should be a bit worrying to quite a few people . . 
  looking at the way gmo has been treated or any number of other tech issues ( from digital through copyright . . ) it 's a bit problematic and the eu and by extension the uk is in a position where it is missing out because of regulation . . 
  to be fair , he 's right about the potential impact on ireland , although the suggestion that a uk outside of the eu would suddenly have to negotiate with the remaining members one on one seems odd , presumably the uk would negotiate with the eu where the eu had competencies , and where it does n't the uk would already be negotiating on a bilateral basis . 
  the reference to the eu constitution is also mildly amusing given it does n't have one , but still . 
   except every poll indicates that there will be a comfortable victory for the `` in '' vote . 
  this is really important and quite a few people seem to miss it . 
  at present , the trend is overwhelmingly for ` in ' , it gets a lot more positive for ` in ' if it looks like there is scope for change too . 
  obviously the run up to the vote will be important ( and turnout will be important too ) but i 'm not entirely convinced that there wo n't be a turnaround if it appears that there is no scope for change and/or there are further eu centred crises . 
   what the author seems to underestimate is that brits are quite pragmatic in how they vote . 
  the british people are quite capable of disliking the eu but voting to remain a part of it as the lesser of two evils . 
  that 's certainly my position . 
  ca n't disagree with that at all , even if it is n't my position !, 
   we saw it with the scottish independence referendum , and we 'll see it again with the eu referendum : in the face of uncertainty , especially financial uncertainty , brits vote for the status quo . 
  i 'd actually argue that the scottish indyref is a bad example , if for no other reason than there was a significant shift toward a yes to independence and the result was obviously at the top end of previous polling . 
  basically over the course of a year there was a massive amount of discussion , debate and engagement and the vote was much , much closer than people expected ... and that was with the promise of change and more devolution ( something i do n't think the uk will get from the eu . . ) . 
  brits will generally vote for the status-quo except when they do n't , this could well turn into one of those times if there is no apparent scope for change and the eu continues to look a bit shambolic . . 
  my point i suppose it that it is a bit arbitrary and subject to societal pressures . 
  i left home at 16 , my brother left home at 26 , i was working from 16 , my brother entered work at 24 . . 
  the argument should be somewhat about capacity and ability to vote and somewhat about impact , i 'm not sure exactly where to draw that line because there is such variance between people anyway ( at almost any age ) but i do think that certainly the difference between 18 and 15/16 is very , very small . . 
  it might be worth clarifying , at present , you can only vote from abroad if you have been resident in the uk in the last 15 years , the lords are suggesting that for this referendum that 15 year limit should be scrapped , not that people abroad ca n't currently vote . . 
  leaving the eu will have implications for the uk , but so do changes to tax credits , decisions on defence spending , signing up to international agreements , authorising military actions and so on ... 
  i do n't entirely see why leaving the eu requires significantly more scrutiny than any number of other actions that governments might take . . 
  from the article : * peers from all parties in the house of lords have argued all five million british citizens living abroad should be given a vote on britain 's in-out referendum on eu membership . 
  * * any british person who has n't lived in the uk in the last 15 years currently can not register to vote in elections and referendums . 
  conservative and labour front-bench peers argued in favour of keeping the rule , but lords from all sides of the chamber also called for it to be scrapped . 
  * the lords wants to scrap the recent residency requirement ( i.e. 
  having been resident in the last 15 years ) , that is fiddling with the franchise as the aim here is to have people who have not registered to vote in the uk in over 15 years to be able to vote . 
   the norm is every eu citizen resident in the uk gets a vote . 
  not in a general election it is n't , and not for national referendums . . 
  so no , it is not the norm for every eu citizen resident in the uk to get a vote at the national level . 
  eu citizens can vote in all council elections and elections for devolved assemblies , but that 's as far as that goes ... 
   we are already fiddling with the electorate by excluding europeans from the vote . 
  they ca n't normally vote in general elections , they could n't vote in the av referendum ( and could only vote in the scottish one as it was tied to geography ) . 
  that is n't fiddling , it is the norm . 
   cant be trusted to buy a packet of fans or leave school but save enough to vote ? 
   pure labour hypocrisy that really is , the school leaving age changes and the push over the last 10 + years to keep pushing up the age where someone can become independent is daft and i 'd argue it harms the very young people it is supposed to help . . 
  but then those people have very little say in the political process so that may well contribute to it . 
   if anything , the voting age should be raised . 
  have you spoken to the general population regardless of age ? 
  people are generally not well informed about politics , at least for young people we have the opportunity to trying to get them more engaged early on . . 
   so your sample of the general population is from those that stopped and were talking politics with you . 
  you do n't see that as a bit of selection bias ? 
  yes of course there is a selection bias there , but i 've also spent quite a lot of time speaking to people generally and the sheer number of people utterly disconnected from the political process at local and national level is really quite disheartening - that 's the fault of politicians and the system so it 'd be nice to see if there can be positive change . 
   hell , i loved politics as a kid and had a few people i could speak with intelligently about it but i do n't pretend i was even close to more than a small minority . 
  to be fair , you 'd still be in a small minority at 21 . . 
   it should require a supermajority in parliament too that 's what i 'm saying . 
  one parliament ca n't bind the next so that 's probably not going to work , although again , i 'm not sure that 's a good idea anyway . 
  how do you define where you ;d need a super-majority and where it 's just a ` normal ' piece of legislation ? 
   part of the problem is we have no constitution , perhaps that should change . 
  that really is n't a problem and i 'm really not sure how it would help or improve matters . 
  do you really want this government writing a constitution , or one parliament making it harder for future parliaments to be able to act ( or preventing it at all ? ) . 
  parliamentary sovereignty is actually pretty nifty and works rather well , i 'd argue better than other less flexible systems and indeed formal constitutions ... 
  if you take a look at the top right hand side of this subreddit there is a map of europe , then the submit links , then the subscription options . 
  below that there is a section that will say : show my flair on this subreddit . 
  it looks like : koeleman1991 ( [ edit ] ( http : / / / ) ) if you click on that ` edit ' after your username at the top , it will allow you to change your flair ( flag and so on ) . 
  no , they did n't , because you ca n't rally define ` scottish people ' other than as ` people normally resident in scotland ' , there is no passport , or specific citizenship , people born or living in scotland may or may not be scottish , people born or living outside of scotland may or may not , not be scottish ... much easier when dealing with a group of distinct people with citizenship and existing rules on voter registration . . 
  given the way the uk is set up , it 's a bit hard to argue that one , if for no other reason it presumes that the status-quo should have more weight than an alternative . 
  add to that the whole notion of parliamentary sovereignty and it gets a bit messy , i mean , the uk could leave the eu if parliament wanted it to without a referendum , or it could override any vote and decide the uk should remain , on that basis how is a super-majority relevant ? 
  to be fair , that 's pretty much all the parties bar ukip .
