   ah the forever solution to a poorly working economy : devaluate . 
  why push for reforms when you can just print money ? 
  well the solution certainly is n't handing monetary policy to a different country . 
  the uk has gone through massive reform since 2008 , never mind the 1970 's , and managed to do so without external influence ... 
  this is n't about devaluation , it 's about having control at the appropriate level . 
   do we really want to step back to the times of separate nationalist states tightly next to each-other . 
  yeah , eu has problems , but the alternative , i ca n't imagine anyone seeing the alternative as something as a step forward . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced that the uk leaving the eu , or even the eu collapsing , will mean that europe reverts to the kind of conflict you are suggesting . 
  that 's at least in part because i would credit nato with far more of the peace and security aspects and because we do live in a very different world than we did in the first half of the last century . . 
  it 's a referendum , it will absolutely depend on recent failures and successes . . 
  i 'm pretty sure that of all the things to point at , black wednesday is really not a very good one in the context of the uk and independence ... 
  just as a side note , in terms of total export ( inter-eu and international trade ) the numbers look like this for 2013 . . country | percentage of eu trade : -- | -- : germany | 26.41 % france | 9.87 % netherlands | 9.44 % uk | 8.59 % italy | 8.54 % belgium | 5.52 % spain | 5.42 % poland | 3.74 % sweden | 3.14 % austria | 2.81 % czech republic | 2.51 % ireland | 2.07 % denmark | 1.86 % hungary | 1.70 % slovakia | 1.48 % finland | 1.33 % portugal | 1.13 % romania | 1.08 % greece | 0.62 % lithuania | 0.54 % slovenia | 0.52 % bulgaria | 0.50 % luxemburg | 0.32 % estonia | 0.27 % croatia | 0.24 % latvia | 0.23 % malta | 0.07 % cyprus | 0.04 % ( excludes uk , french and other overseas territories like gibraltar etc. . ) oddly i could n't actually find better data or a similar breakdown on-line ( in the 10 minutes or so i had to look ) . 
  to be fair , given that the eu ( and most other countries ) spend money to get access to markets in countries that are less open and smaller , and given the amount of bilateral trade between eu countries ( especially the core ) and the uk , everyone involved in the exit negotiations is going to want to make sure that this works out . 
   well , i 'd say that leaving the eu is also an unnecessary move from the uk which will bring many undesired and unnecessary consequences . 
  if the uk leaves the eu it 'll be because the population voted to , and last time i checked self-determination is a principle that the eu very much supports , it 's one of those european values ... and yes , it may well bring undesired and unnecessary consequences , but it 'd be what voters in the uk want and obviously it would also bring quite a few desired and necessary changes too . 
  that 's sort of the point of doing it . 
   you ca n't just leave without accepting all the possible consequences of your choice . 
  you ca n't leave without accepting the consequences , no . 
  and i 'm certainly not doing that , but at the same time i 'm also not going to accept a lot of nonsense , intended to mislead people into making a decision . . 
  i mean lets face it , the uk leaving the eu would mean changes for the uk , but many of those changes are what people want , that is the whole point of leaving . .  again , if everything stays just as it was for the uk , if the uk can have all the upsides of being in the eu without the downsides , then other countries in the eu will think `` why should i stay ? '', 
  and start to consider leaving too . 
  we are talking about trade with the eu , lots of non-eu countries have trade with the eu . 
  the uk will lose many things if it leaves the eu though , it wo n't be part of the eu as a block , it wo n't be able to join the euro , it wo n't have a say in the political organs of the eu as the eu marches toward further political union , it wo n't be a recipient of eu funds or projects ... those are the consequences , people who are pro-eu would see those as downsides ... you make it sound like the eu is some sort of suicide pact in exchange for trade , it really is n't . 
  you are right that other countries may well look at the uk and the eu and decide that maybe political union is n't for them either , maybe a march toward a federal eu is n't what they want , maybe they do n't want to lose control over things that used to be decided at a national level , and maybe they will see that there is less benefit in being part of the eu as a bloc compared to being outside of it . 
  that 's their decision . 
  the uk would trading being part of a large single entity that is marching toward political unity , and that could one day be a superpower in its own right for independence . 
  that is a trade and it is the basis of self-determination . 
  yes you manage to make it sound like the eu is just one big free trade agreement , which , perversely , if it were , many people in the uk would n't be anything like as unhappy with . . 
   germany exports more to us , and in a couple of years to china too , than to uk . 
  indeed , and the uk exports more to the us and is looking to china too . . 
  but germany is still an important trading parter for the uk and the uk an important one for germany . . 
  same goes for france and italy . .  a trade barrier will hit eu 's core economies in some way , but it will massively damage uk 's economy in a much more deep way it 'd put pressure on the uk economy if barriers are put in place - essentially uk goods get more expensive in some cases , and the same would happen to german , french . . etc. . . googs in the uk . 
  that might mean a shift to less dependence on imports ( it 's not like the uk does n't make many of the things it imports . . ) it might mean fewer exports , it would n't be great . 
  but again , it 'd also add costs to a big chunk of german exports and french exports too . .  also given how uk is dependent on eu 's imports . 
  eu , after the initial mild shock , can very well survive trade barriers with the uk , while the contrary is extremely doubtful . 
  you realise that no-one is suggesting a blockade right ? 
  the uk economy is one of the largest in the world , it absolutely can survive the kind of trade barriers that the eu has in place with non-eu countries at present , it might put a dint in uk growth , but that 's already well above eu growth generally so . . and again , it 'd be pointless . 
  it would cost the eu money , and the uk money and provide absolutely no benefit , so why do it ? 
   since the uk is not special , there 's no reason it should enjoy a preferential treatment instead of having the same deals as everyone else . 
  it 's a large economy , close to europe so there are quite a few reasons why negotiating a trade deal would make sense , just like the eu has done with any number of non-eu states ... 
  the uk is a very large economy , it 'd good for the eu to have access to that market , in much the same way that it 's good for the uk to have access to eu markets . 
  yes there is a disparity in size and the eu could even use that to get a good deal , but given the push globally is liberalising trade , why would the eu do something different in this case ? 
   the point is : is the eu who has the upper hand here . 
  the eu is larger in trade terms yes , but it is 27 countries many of whom will want to maintain market access to the uk . 
  the eu is larger and as a block would have the upper hand but it is not in a position to dictate a position and it will be working in the interests of its members - who want to trade with the uk . .  leaving the eu thinking `` oh we 'll just have a fta because we 're so incredibly important '' is not only untrue , but also an unresponsible , naive and immature move from the uk . 
  i 'm not saying the uk should get an fta because it 's incredibly important , i 'm saying it 'll get one because that 's what benefits both sides and it 's what countries do . 
  it 's not unlikely , irresponsible , naive or immature . . 
  however , suggesting that if the uk leaves the eu the eu will work to punish the uk for that decision , and that it will punish the uk economically and harm itself in the process , is absurd and frankly childish . 
  neither side can afford not to have an fta , sure the uk wants it more , but both need one or they will face expensive and frankly unnecessary consequences . . 
  if it 's the same thing , why keep it separate and different ? 
  if it makes no difference , surely the right thing to do is to allow same sex couples to marry , or straight couples to get a civil partnership for that matter ... 
   in short , other than the difference in titles , `` marriage '' vs `` civil union '' ... 
  nothing , but some people think it 's an issue . 
  i suppose the question then is why are n't both available to straight and gay couples . 
  if there is no difference , then essentially the difference in titles is just a bit of a peevish way of segregating people ( and obviously limiting access to those few things that you mentioned would n't be available to a gay couple ) . 
  i 'll just add that i was pretty much of your opinion on this until i spent some time talking to lgbt activists who , when the uk had civil partnerships ... were still pushing hard for marriage . 
  you realise that actually that marking people out as different , putting them through different process does separate them needlessly and it is a group that has and continues to suffer fairly serious discrimination . . 
   under the assumption that a legal union is supposed to help maintain a population and the question whether gay people should be allowed to adopt children is finally settled , what reasoning is there to give tax benefits ? 
  to be fair , the key argument there is that the government should n't give people tax benefits for being married , but rather for having children . 
  it does seem odd these days that there are still countries that have preferential tax arrangements for married couples as opposed to say , unmarried couples . . 
  generally all of those things are essentially balanced , it 's one country wanting something and being given it in exchange for something else ( pretty much every trade deal ever btw . . ) which is why the term unjustified seems odd . 
  opt outs ( whether the uk 's or others ) are granted to allow something to proceed where a country could otherwise veto it , that 's not unjustified , that 's compromise . 
  the same applies to things like cap and even the turning of a blind eye ( essentially . . ) to french and german constitutional arrangements with regards to the eu . . 
   if the eu shows that everyone that leaves gets the same treatment of those who stay it has basically no power or meaning anymore . 
  if the eu tries to ` punish ' a country for not conforming , it will splinter and then it really wo n't have any power or meaning . .  besides , a fta with uk is useful for the eu , but a fta with the eu would be desperately needed by the uk , given the differences in size - half of uk 's trade is with the eu while only 5 % of eu 's trade is with uk . 
  the uk is a huge export market for germany , france and italy ( 5-7 % , larger shares for germany and france ) , and makes up 20 % of the current eu single market . 
  if the eu decides to put some barriers in place ( and the uk ends up in a similar position as say the us in terms of trade ) it will hit the uk , but it will also hit the core economies of the eu , so why would they ? 
  there is literally no benefit whatsoever , it ca n't change the uk position , it does n't help the eu economically , it 'd be counter to everyone 's interests . .  so the uk will beg the eu for a fta and the eu will respond whatever it wants and it could very well be a solid `` fuck off '' . 
  no , as part of the process for leaving the eu and uk will be keen to put something in place that does n't harm the eu or the uk , the eu simply ca n't risk another economic shock and the eurozone ca n't risk instability either and the uk has no interest in harming the eu either ... 
  so they could say fuck off , they could do all manner of things , but they wo n't because it 'd be fucking stupid . 
  how are they unjustified privileges ? 
   but it has pretty much no power whatsoever , it can and does review legislation , amend it , and can delay a bill for a significant period ... 
  it also pushes debate and , as we have seen this week and at other times , can have a significant impact on legislation . .  still why should a legislative branch not only be unelected but pay for folks to sit who 's only qualification is hereditary ? 
  it 's not the legislative branch , it is one part of it , and it is largely appointed ( the hereditary element being reduced and on the road to elimination . . ) , but the reason for it is that it works fairly well . 
  because it works quite well as an unelected check on the commons ... 
   so it wo n't appeal to the brexiters anyway . 
  it might not appeal to the vocal majority , but there are quite a few on the left who would like to see really quite significant reform , the scrapping of things like ttip etc. . but do like freedom of movement . 
  that may not be the bulk of those arguing for an exit , but it 's a large enough group , important if the vote is going to be as close as it looks . . 
  i do n't think that the uk is going to abandon it 's allies in the eu regardless of what happens , they will still be nato members , or the uk already has bilateral agreements ... 
  the uk obviously also has other allies around the globe , and other trading partners ... you make it sound like the uk is going to sever ties with every eu member , and that 's absurd and obviously not the case . 
   but if they got close to 20 % a lot of seats would start tipping . 
  depends on the spread of the votes , but yeah ukip could become a danger if they can shift more votes , but lets face it , last election with a massive 12 % of the vote they picked up one seat and were quite a way off for their next few , after all in the 120 constituencies they came second , they were more than 10k votes behind in 100 of them and 5k votes behind in all but 4 . 
  essentially most of the second places were distant seconds . . ( for those not not following uk politics , that 's because they had a lot of diffuse support across the uk , whilst for example the snp , who only got around 5 % nationally have 56 seats , because theirs are concentrated in scotland . . ) . 
  plus , the next election will be after the referendum , that 'll have a huge impact , but we 'll see where that goes too . 
   uk want to have a treaty allowing them to nitpick . 
  what does that mean in context ? 
  i mean i assume you mean a treaty where the uk can pick and choose what it would like to take part in , which would be right , the uk does want that and that seems like a better idea than the uk barring progress instead ( and some people would say that it 's better than the uk leaving ) . 
   cameron is overplaying his hand . 
  cameron wants the uk to stay in the eu and is pushing for some very minor reforms , if you think he 's overplaying his hand to the the eu then i have some bad news for you about how people in the uk might react if he does n't get a decent deal . . 
   well , some of eurosceptics are against idea of a union in general . 
  indeed they are , that seems perfectly reasonable if a little extreme , but it 's hardly the norm , unless you see people who wish to see their countries leave the eu as falling into that group . 
   perhaps not a mainstream , because that would piss off people on other side of the debate . 
  i do n't have much problem with reformists , if we can call the like this instead of euro sceptics . 
  i think people who are sceptical of the eu , the current eu project etc. . can rightfully be called euro-sceptics , i do n't think the idea of trying to relabel them reformists really works to describe broadly their issues ... 
  but hey . 
   saying something is destructive is emotional twaddle , to be honest . 
  indeed . .  tyrannies should be destroyed . 
  euroskeptics certainly think the eu has some elements of tyranny and i 'm not unsympathetic . 
  eu federalism is getting out of hand . 
  the eu is lots of things , but frankly tyrannical it is n't ( yet , i suppose ) !,
