  linking the two tends to be about housing costs and the impact on an nhs already stripped to the bone , rather than immigration being the source of all ills . 
  although i suppose your mileage may vary depending on what you read and who you talk to !, 
  to be fair , working from 18 ( or 16 . . ) is hardly child labour , but yeah , if they are 20 that 's must be below the point most people start work these days . . 
   many are not . 
  more importantly , they drive up the cost of housing . 
  i 'm slightly confused by this combination , how do poorly paid , barely literate immigrants push up the cost of housing ? 
  the argument that the large number of well educated , reasonably well paid migrants plus the moderate number of wealth migrants and investors buying up housing do , but poor , barely literate people tend to have issues buying houses and end up sharing living space to reduce their own costs ... 
  do most people on reddit blame immigration more than government cuts generally ? 
  i mean , there are a lot of people who will blame immigration for just about everything ( and yes , there are issues with immigration , and immigration can put pressure on services where provision was planned for smaller numbers of service users . . ) but the government has pretty massively cut , or forced councils to cut public services and it has been pretty public about saying ` it had to ' ( it did n't but hey , what 's a bit of ideologically driven policy making between friends , and of course , sadly the electorate seems to have supported it to a large extent too ) . 
   `` it 's remarkable that there were no publications about countries like china or russia , which are main targets for intelligence work by the nsa , '' said maa\u00dfen . 
  well ... 
  he worked for the us and presumably is n't opposed to intelligence operations generally , so why would he blow us ( or other allied nations . . ) operations against what he would presumably see as legitimate targets for intelligence gathering ? 
  much of what he has released relates to intelligence operations against civilian populations in allied states after all , not about intelligence operations generally . 
  not to mention that as much as he made it clear that there were issues with access levels , that does n't mean he had access to everything the nsa had , or managed to take it all out ... all in though , it 's amusing to see an intelligence agency head suggest that someone should leak more intelligence information ( no doubt compromising operations and sources . . ) because the leaks already had made them look bad . . 
  it 's slightly alarming that 26 % still think it 's down to immigration frankly , given the narrative by both government and opposition on public sector cuts it should be blindingly obvious that trying to have public services do more for less , and pushing local government to spend less ( which has to come from their services and provision somewhere ... ) is easily the biggest factor . 
  is that the turkish richard hammond at 1:07 ? 
  pretty much . 
  it 'd be a bit like getting upset that someone employed former child workers . . 
  if people have an issue using poorly paid people from the developing world for security jobs then that 's one thing , the ` child soldier ' bit is really just click-bait . 
  well , unless the adverts for the jobs include something like ` must have 15 years experience in the field , candidates over 25 will not be considered ' but there are mercenaries , not tech support staff . 
  i 'll give the german language * bierish * if it helps . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnamese_people_in_hong_kong ) is a rather interesting read on a similar situation ( scaled down , but given the relative size of the countries involved , it 's comparable ) . 
  what is noteworthy , is the use of both resettlement and closed transit camps and of course the eventual repatriation . 
  the time scale is also noteworthy , we are talking about a situation that was n't resolved until the 2000 's that started with the vietnam war . 
   i 'd really like to see big changes in how the eu is governed and function . 
  frankly it 's vital that there are significant changes . 
  i 'm not sure what the domestic feeling is in france ( i 'm aware that there are growing eurosceptic and indeed growing nationalist blocs . . ) but the uk leaving could provide a good opportunity for rethinking and reform . 
   the uk will probably have to compete more for educated emigrants though . 
  although even if we continue with this collective paranoia about migration , it should mean that easing restrictions on well developed non-eu countries would be a possibility , the uk attracts lots of qualified migrants after all . 
   science will head for the eu . 
  science is global , even the eus science co-operation covers more than the eu and the uk is good at research and has a solid base . 
  assuming the uk government does n't continue to fuck up science funding , i think the uk 's continued contribution to the world of science , globally , will be fine . 
   think the retoric with britian has to do with the idea that they have this weird notion in their head that once outside the eu they would no longer have to pay for access to the single market yet retain all the benefits ... ... which is completely delusional . 
  i think the alarming thing with regard to this is that the eu is suddenly calling things that it promoted as benefits of the single market as costs . 
  the eu leaving the eu is at least partially about getting rid of some of the ` benefits ' of eu membership , like involvement in eu institutions and ever closer union . 
  in terms of trade , the relationship is mutually beneficial anyway , its not as though the uk trading with the eu is some sort of huge give-away to the uk , it 's something that benefits both sides . 
  and no , i do n't think the uk could , or should be a part of the single market when it leaves the eu , it should look for agreements that give it access to that market as fully as possible but not at the cost of limiting it 's ability to trade elsewhere , or manage its own affairs globally . 
  things like schengen , political union , the euro and so on currently are n't seen as positive by the uk , although they are generally sold as positive by the eu , so arguably the uk is missing out right ? 
  and lets face it , there are significant shortcomings within the eu currently as it relates to the stronger aspects of the eu single market . 
  germany does well with it 's manufacturing bias , france has great support for its agricultural sector , but the uk has faced barrier after barrier when it comes to services . 
  essentially the uk / eu relationship is somewhat broken and the market is far from perfect . 
   interesting that 7 % is that much because brexit side says that uk doesnt trade that much with eu even tho they export 40 % products here . 
  with germany being their biggest partner . 
  so if uk doesnt care about that why should china . 
  the uk does care about that though . .  they will look at numbers of people , scale of economy and they will basically say , this is the deal take it or leave it . 
  no , they will do exactly the same as any other country would , they 'll look for advantages and the uk will look for advantages , and they will negotiate on that basis . 
  essentially , the current trading level is the starting point and any agreement would look to improve that for both sides , the uk is n't going to take a dictated agreement any more than the eu would , and as a bonus , it has a lot more give and take as it does n't have to take into account the interests of 27 other economies with very different priorities . 
   i guess we 'll see if you 're right in the next years if the uk votes out then !, 
  absolutely , lets hope we get a chance to compare and contrast , i honestly think it 'd be better for the uk and the rest of the eu ! . 
   bilateral agreements are fine if it 's simple stuff , but they become unworkable if it gets more complex or the agreements reach a certain size . 
  why ? 
  i mean , the eu is negotiating large complex trade deals with individual countries and not just with trade blocs . . why does it become unworkable for anyone else to do that ? 
   worse , they become unaccountable because they 're all the domain of the executive power but still function as legal restrictions that supersede national law . 
  surely that depends on your system of government ? 
  in the uk at least , parliament is sovereign so any agreement ( much like the current acts that form the uks eu membership ) is approved by parliament and can be terminated by parliament . 
  essentially any trade agreement is as accountable as anything else under that scenario . 
  whether people are interested in it is a different matter of course , and one has to be careful about what mechanisms are built into trade agreements and the impact they will have , but that is the same whether it is a uk/china agreement or an eu/china agreement ...  you do n't have a bloc of 28 , you have one parliament . 
  if you insist on putting 19th-century states in the center of legislative action , then you end up with 28-party agreements . 
  you have one parliament representing 28 countries , each national parliament also has a say in passing any trade agreement so ... its pretty complicated . 
  and we are n't talking about putting 19th century states at the centre of legislative action , we are talking about modern 21st century states ... you may believe that the era of individual states is over , but personally i 'm not sure that it is , or that the eu is somehow more modern or indeed unique . 
  there have been and are other unions after all . 
   there will be an agreement , but it will be a headache for everyone involved . 
  it just creates miles of red tape both at the public and the private level . 
  if you 're a chinese company , now you have to manage to abide with two sets of regulation if you 're exporting to europe , where previously one would suffice . 
  if the eu were to split , that would be 28 sets of regulation , massively increasing administrative overhead . 
  and if you are a chinese company that trades with the us , canada and japan you have three more sets of rules to comply with . 
  again , yes it 'd be a tad more complicated for some exporters but hey , this is n't insurmountable , it is n't new and the chances are that given the different approaches between the uk and eu historically , the regulatory burden on chinese firms doing business with the uk would be lower than those only doing business with the eu ( and likely with fewer tariff barriers ) . 
   and even relatively large as the uk is currently , it 's still less than a percent of the world population . 
  but assume that it 's just the uk that splits off : what are the odds that you 'll get tailored products rather than a slightly modified standard eu product ? 
  are we talking about goods , services , both ? 
  i 'm pretty certain that chinese exporters will do the least possible to meet whatever requirements their export partners have but maintain a single product when it comes to goods . 
  i 'm sure they do that now with the eu and us and everyone else . 
  that said , for some firms there will no doubt be a benefit to tailoring to a uk market , for others there might be savings in tailoring for english speaking countries vs the rest of the world . 
  and lets not forget that even with the eu , there are lots of differences across the bloc , from voltage requirements and plug shapes through to customer preferences . 
   it 's not because you keep repeating it that it becomes more true . 
  the eu has a full set of powers and a directly elected representative body . 
  how are those institutions not democratic ? 
  the eu has a limited set of powers , essentially those powers passed to it by member states . 
  it does have a directly elected representative body , but one that has limited legislative initiative and a very limited capacity to exercise real scrutiny . 
  as to accountability more broadly , as we 've touched on above , one of the issues the eu faces is the fact that it is often blamed for things that it probably should n't be , and does n't get credit for what it does do . 
  that leaves people in eu member states unable to even make use of the limited democratic input they do have in an effective manner . 
   and the only way to solve that is to put the responsibility with an accountable elected organ , rather than indirectly chosen delegates . 
  i 'd agree , but that is n't where responsibility or accountability sits at the moment . 
   so that 's why we need as strong ep for . 
  if we want to do it with inter-country negotiations we just end up with a bunch of treaties that are being negotiated by negotiators who are indirectly appointed to the third degree and whose names nobody knows , and then the governments who do n't want to be responsible can still blame anything unsavoury on the other party in the negotiations . 
  again , agreed . 
  and if member states and their populations are happy with powers moving to the ep then all well and good . 
  but if they are n't ( and the uk is n't . . ) then it becomes a massive sticking point . 
   what is worse , is that there is no easy way to change or amend those rules afterwards besides a complete renegotiation , which is much easier with a parliament that has the authority to make those decisions . 
  again , agreed . 
  the eu has some fairly major structural issues that prevent change ( the slightly bizarre uk renegotiation not withstanding . . ) that need to be dealt with if the eu is to be flexible enough to actually deal with the issues that crop up . 
  but that does mean passing authority from national parliaments to the eu and fundamentally changing the relationship between the eu as a body and member states . 
  it is essentially quite a big step toward federalisation . 
  and again , that might be the right way for the eu to go , but if it is , it will likely be without some of its current members ( which is fine , right ? 
   i still do n't see why the uk would increase its trading with china more significantly outside the eu . 
  what i 've essentially been saying is that the uk outside of the eu could put in place a more tailored trade agreement with china , and that such an agreement would n't have to take into account the interests of other eu members . 
  i see that as beneficial because the eu has several areas where it would want more protection from the likes of china than the uk needs ( service based economy and all that . . ) . 
  on that basis a eu/china agreement ( with the uk in the eu ) would be worse for the uk than a uk/china agreement . 
  whether that leads to significantly increased trade would come down to uk businesses , but there is certainly scope for it . 
  i would also argue that given the size of the uk economy and the existing trade , china and the uk will be keen to put something in place and , given there would only be two parties involved with fewer issues such a trade deal would be easier to put in place too .
