  quite a few people seem to mind , and there are some people suggesting it 's quite a serious development more broadly . 
  but there are some institutions in some countries that look like they 'd be less able to stand up to another downturn or shock . . 
  decent set of blinders you have there ... 
  personally i like reading a range of sources , but i guess that 's a personal choice . 
  reuters are running this story too of course , as are quite a few others . 
  ... no it 's not . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen an epic speech by ` guy verhofstadt ' ... clearly i 'm missing something , or have a very different definition of epic . . 
   and those that have such systems are not even democracy to begin with . 
  wait , countries with fptp systems are not democracies at all ? 
  seems you are redefining ` democracy ' in some fairly significant way ... 
  to be fair , the general point is pretty valid ( and the trend is about the same with your search term btw ) , people are n't all that interested in specific political events when compared to things like very popular tv series , or football . . that does n't however mean that most people do n't have an opinion , it means that there is a very limited window of opportunity to really make the case one way or another in a manner that has a big impact . 
  but between now and then you can still grind away at the general perception of something and we see that reflected in the polls . . 
   not that everyone in the uk agrees with him that 's true either way , it 's both insufficient for those who dislike the current eu and problematic for some of those that do like the eu ( although , i think the number of people in favour of the eu becoming a full-on federation is incredibly small in the uk . . ) . 
  the point to note of course is that even if he gets everything , there will still be a vote and it will still come down to what people want for the future of the uk . 
  i do n't think that 's true at all , if anything i think people tend to sort of ignore the us , canada , australia , new zealand etc. . when talking about the impact of colonisation and focus on areas where things went badly wrong ( which is n't unreasonable . . ) . 
  if you look at a list of former uk colonies though , it is hard to claim that most of the uks ex-colonies are some of the poorest , most backward countries in the world , simply because most are n't , a few are . 
  most do pretty well . 
  the point that i would make is that outcomes for former uk colonies at least are the product of their own hard work , many of them have been independent for a long time and most of them have had high points and low points since independence . 
  meh , anyway . 
  i think the no-go areas story kicked off after the lee rigby murder when pretty much every uniformed service put in place temporary restrictions on off duty uniform wear and the press had a bit of a mental breakdown . . 
  but i may be wrong ( its not like the whole ` no-go area ' stuff does n't come up again and again , usually as an example by a us politician . . ) . 
  it 's a bit like the ` uk is under sharia law ' thing in relation to arbitration , or the ` cctv numbers make the uk a police state ' trope . 
   and some of the poorest , most backward countries in the world . 
  yeah , you said that the first time around , i added the bit about that being true , except for the ones that are literally the richest and most developed countries in the world ...  ca n't have your cake and eat it too / : i suppose you could make the argument that there is n't a correlation between having been a british colony and any particular outcome ... 
  yeah , plain clothes officers are a thing ( obviously ) i think cid and a couple of other specialist units are generally out of uniform , but there has been a push on more visibility for some time ( i think broadly as the police number have dropped . . ) which is why you see unmarked police cars that are now marked , if not to the full extent of their full on patrol car brethren . 
  but i do n't think that 's what the parent was alluding to . . 
   england 's ex-colonies are some of the poorest , most backward countries in the world . 
  except the ones that are essentially the richest , most developed countries in the world , or lie somewhere in between the two of course . . 
  well , cutting police numbers does that too ... 
   asking policemen not to enter areas with their uniforms because they may be attacked is a sign that the law enforcement in these areas are breaking down . 
  no , asking police officers not to wear uniform when off duty because it means they can be identified and their homes can be identified is a sensible and simple counter-terrorism measure . 
  when the ira was more active , it also involved checking the underside of your car with a mirror on a torch in the mornings so ... at least we are n't there yet . 
  this is n't about police patrolling out of uniform , it is about not advertising that you are a police officer at a time where there may be a threat to police officers - specifically , immediately after the murder of lee rigby . . 
  that 's interesting and , in my view at least , good to see more generally . 
  the number of employers now requiring a degree for no discernible reason ( other than it being a way to whittle down the candidate pool ) is excessive , and i think pushing everyone into spending a lot of time and money on a university degree ignores the various other options open to people . . 
  it might even start to reverse the trend of ever increasing infantilisation that is leaving young ( and not so young . . ) people in a sort of long term limbo between school and the age of about 27 . . 
  isis are n't the ira though , their aims are n't comparable either . . 
  i think people fail to realise that british and english are as different as scottish and english or irish and english , and everyone has their own view anyway . 
  i completely understand her point about being in england pushing her toward an irish identity though , i think it happens to most people - southerners when they move north ( and vice-versa ) , scots in england , english people in scotland ... you are different , you are an outsider , so you trade on that to some extent , it is the easiest part of you to build an identity around ( essentially accent and your own life experience . . ) . 
  and you know you are either losing , or winning - depends on how you look ati it i suppose - when you become paddy , taff , or jock , ( and i 'd say the same applies to people who become affectionately known as shorty , or ` big ' whatever , or indeed any other chalky etc. . ) . 
  so :  `` there has been a time when it 's been advised not to wear half-blues or uniform to and from work . 
  the point on areas where the police will only patrol in pairs seems more interesting , but again , if the police are patrolling in pairs , they are n't no-go areas are they ? 
  yup , born in scotland , so a brit by any measure ... although along with guy fawkes still somewhat odd choices . 
   london does or is on the verge of having some . 
  no it is n't . 
   the met are already advised to not wear their uniforms in certain neighbourhoods no ? 
  i think there was a push for officers not to wear uniforms off duty so they could n't be identified and targeted by terrorists in the aftermath of the lee rigby murder , no idea if that is still the case - but that 's a very different issue . 
  in terms of policy , it 's what the british military and applied when the threat from the ira was higher and the likes of the ruc/psni maintain generally . 
  it 's about not being id 'd at home and being targeted by / handing intelligence off to terrorists , it 's not an indication of the police having no control . 
   how do you explain cromwell being ranked # 10 greatest britons of all times by a public poll if ye fellas are so informed about the crimes committed in your name . 
  to be fair , this is from a list that included james connolly , guy fawkes , margaret thatcher and tony blair ... and puts dianna princess of wales , above the likes of darwin , shakespeare and newton ... 
  it may be that you ca n't draw all that much from it . . 
   but a ( sic ) after it i could . . but given this is a comment on a website , i think people will survive with the odd spelling/grammar issue ... 
  that 's exactly what it says in the yougov pdf , and i did n't spot it when i transcribed it ... amazing what your brain will fill in for you . 
  that 's fairly positive , better transport and communications links would be positive , as would anything that removes the falklands as one of the go to rabble rousing issues on either side . . that said , macri has to realise that there is absolutely no scope to negotiate on sovereignty given the view of the islanders , and the fact that the uk had to fight a war to reclaim them after the invasion ... 
  still , it 'd be nice to see argentina get closer to its potential than it has for the last few decades . 
  ( [ full data here ] ( http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/95euxfgway/internalresults_160118_britishempire_website.pdf ) ) to add some context , the question was : '' * do you think britain 's history of colonialism is ... * '' with options of : - part of our history that we should proud happened - part of our history that we should regret happening - neither - do n't know there are actually a few interesting bits of data in that set , especially around perception ... iirc in 2015 there was a similar poll related to whether people thought the uk should still have an empire ( and no , i do n't know how that 'd work either . . ) and something like 35 % of people thought it should . . 
  anyway . 
  to be fair , london , manchester and birmingham do n't have parts without police control either , it seems like an odd situation for any eu state not to be able to police any particular neighbourhood . . 
   they have few barrier because they are in the eu but once they left , eu wo n't raise barrier by revenge but because agreemeents ( on products regulations , subsides , protection of consummers ... ) that made uk product free to come on common market are n't there anymore and have to be negotiate again to be sure uk products will be beneficial to eu ( and same for eu products in uk ) . 
  that 's what an agreement would aim to address and that should n't exactly be hard to do given both the size of the uk market and the way the markets are currently regulated . 
  essentially there are few reasons to raise barriers . . as i said , even without an agreement the barriers are fairly limited , and would be problematic for the likes of germany , italy and france as much as the uk ( which would presumably provide an impetus for getting something in place ) . 
   eu directives are n't there because it 's fun having lot of laws but because it is a necessity for managing the common market under values and principes of the eu . 
  not all of them , the eu goes far further than just managing the common market , hence why the trade agreements that the eu already has in place ( and with countries much smaller than the uk . . ) do n't come close to replicating the entire slew of eu legislation . 
   you ca n't say that law on working hours , on subsidies , on fishing zone , on environnement , on financial service ... wo n't relate to trade . 
  you can to a very large extent ... you do n't need agreements on working hours for a trade agreement , you do n't need such detailed regulation on subsidies or the environment either . 
  that 's how pretty much every single trade agreement works . 
   it will and so eu will ask you to legislate on the matter or you wo n't have access to the markjet . 
  no , the bounds of the trade agreement will specify the limits of that agreement , it does n't need to continue to creep into domestic policy . .  as i put in an other message norway have to put 75 % of eu legislation ( including working hours ) to have access to common market for products negotiated . 
  indeed , and the uk is n't norway and whatever agreement the uk goes for will likely be very , very different and meet the eu 's and uks interests . 
  this is n't about the uk wanting to sort of be an eu member , but the uk looking for a relationship with the eu that is closer to that of say canada or any other developed economy not in europe ...  do n't get me wrong , i m not saying that uk wo n't be able to have access to the common market unless they accept every eu legislation . 
  i 'm saying that they will face more barriers than now if they do n't accept eu legislation on the product/service concerned while they wo n't have a say on those legislations . 
  i 'm sure that may well be the case in some areas , but the point is that there is a lot of the eu that simply is n't trade related and irrelevant to trade ( from eu citizenship , the whole parliament set up , commercial policy and trade agreements with other countries , not to mention shared areas of competency like social , agricultural and energy policy etc. . ) . 
  there are vast swathes of the eu that are n't relevant directly to trade within the eu , but apply domestically , and obviously some of the current eu regulations limit what can be done in the uk or in trade with other states even where that has no relevance to trade with the eu . . ) . 
  tbh i think we could do with closer ties and easier movement between anglosphere states , but schengen is a bit of a mess regardless , there 'd be pretty much no benefit between anglosphere countries either given the geography . . 
  but making it easier to move , work and visit ( extend the visa waiver stuff ... ) sure . 
   the problem is that uk is blocking further integration of other countries by asking something in return ( like now for treaty change about movement on people or having a say to decisions made by integrated countries to be sure it wo n't hurt uk interests : if you do n't want to be part of integration you have no say in it , that is how it works ) or they are blocking it . 
  surely that is n't a problem , that 's the uk not agreeing to something without some form of compromise . 
  every eu member does that to some degree or another and in different areas . 
  if the eu wants to push a particular policy that has problematic implications ( real , imagined , economic , political or whatever . . ) then surely members should make their case ... 
  i think the problem i have is that some people see ` not agreeing ' as somehow being troublesome for the sake of it , it is n't ( and there is constantly agreement and disagreement between eu members so . . ) . 
  i think you 'd find that quite a few people would disagree ( not in the uk maybe but still ) and of course the arguments made for the uk to join the euro were n't about taking one for the team , but about the benefits it would bring ( and indeed the harm that not joining would do ) to the uk . 
  as far as i am aware , the eu is n't a suicide pact and the the uk remaining outside of the euro may be beneficial for the uk , but it hardly harms other eurozone states ( and should be fairly predictable ) as to schengen - that 's broadly a non-issue in most aspects anyway given the uks geography ( and we have free movement , just not borderless travel which at best is a marginal benefit when it is a benefit and only a liability if schengen members drop the ball on border security . . ) . 
   uk have 4 opt outs on the 5 existing , it seems to me that they negotiate it for them . 
  of course they negotiate for them , but the point is that they are negotiated and there is a compromise . 
  the uk does n't simply demand and get handed opt outs , it agrees them because they are in the uks interests and because simply vetoing or holding back an issue would not be in the interests of the other states . 
  that is a negotiated compromise , not some one sided give-away . .  and opt outs are n't making compromise or movements on issue : it is letting other nation do the policy they agreed to do . 
  there are 23 countries which does n't have opt out , do you think they accept everything without raising point ? 
  no but they find an agreement . 
  and where agreement ca n't be found , surely an opt-out for one member is preferable to holding the whole process up ? 
  as i said , the opt-outs are negotiated because they are in the uks interests , and because they meet the eus needs too . 
   that 's not really our style . 
  our style is being oddly privileged for no discernible reason , mostly just because we 're jammy cunts . 
  i do n't think you can describe the uk as being oddly privileged ... and :  we 're in the eu but with no euro , no shengen , our border is in france for some reason , and we get a fat rebate from the eu now and again . 
  it 's pretty hilarious . 
  now i 'm confused - i thought being part of the euro or part of schengen was supposed to be a benefit of eu membership , not a penalty . 
  surely being part of the eu and not getting these benefits , whilst being a net contributor means that the uk is at worst fairly balanced when it comes to the eu , not ` jammy cunts ' ... 
  we are talking about 5 % + of all french , italian and german trade - but of course the more important point to note is that this trade is n't going away if the uk leaves and neither the uk or the eu are going to go out of their way to harm the other . . 
  the uk does n't want many of the ` benefits ' that the eu is supposed to provide , and that 's fine if that relationship can be redefined , with the uk on the outside of the eu it makes sense for hte uk to pursue it . 
  yet another good reason to vote leave - they are just piling up now . .
