  cheers . 
  it 's certainly not the only factor , but it is a factor . 
  i think i mentioned elsewhere that in terms of metrics , it would have been useful to balance gdp and population , especially if you want to read anything further into it ( not that i 'm disputing that the former ddr regions are n't more economically depressed than the rest of germany , or that they do n't face some problems socially and demographically that other parts do n't ) . 
   and its collapse by lack of popular support i think the key point here is less about collapse , and more about making sure there is a well informed electorate and accountable institutions when looking at closer integration and moving the project ` forward ' . 
  i do n't think the support exists at present , but i feel that the eu is moving forward anyway , partially because it can get away with it ( and governments can blame the eu , and the eu can blame national parliaments , meaning that accountability is lost and people are unhappy , but never quite sure who to be unhappy with . . ) . 
  engagement is also key , whilst i think the uk would be better off outside the eu and indeed should leave , it is only recently that the eu has become an issue in elections , even in eu elections to a certain extent - that is a dangerous and unhelpful state of affairs . 
   i understand what you mean and i do n't think that being in the eu is needed for efta countries ( high economy and democratic traditions ) to develop as eu countries do but i do think that they benefit from eu existence due to stability and access to this important market . 
  i think you can separate efta and even eu membership from market access though - yes being part of the single market involves closer union , access to it should n't ( and does n't ... ) . 
  and it is that market access , essentially a way to trade with no barriers , that is the biggest benefit to current members and indeed to members that were less developed when they joined ( although there are some arguments there about local industries . . ) . 
  for the likes of france , germany and the uk ( and others . . ) the eu is n't nearly as important largely because they would have decent market access anyway on a bilateral basis and do to other , large markets globally even without an eu agreement . 
   but some countries joining eu did n't have high economy or/and democracy tradition : exactly , and they needed and continue to need support to build institutions and a strong economy - but notably that support did n't just come from the eu and i strongly suspect that both the democratisation and economic growth we have seen would have come anyway , albeit slower and probably on a different model outside of the eu if there was a will . 
  with the likes of poland , that will certainly exists , i do n't doubt that poland ( as one example and you can probably apply this more or less to other ee states . . ) would be a growing economy and a democratic state regardless of eu membership . 
  i think the growth and progress that poland has made is first and foremost an achievement that should be credited to the poles that worked incredibly hard to make it happen . 
   you can clearly see the differences ( economy , individual rights , democracy ... ) beetween those in eu and those who are n't i do n't think that 's a product of eu influence as much as it is an indicator that the eu would n't enlarge to include countries that were n't sufficiently stable or malleable in the first place . 
  essentially there is a fairly large element of selection bias if you look at those members . 
  if you look at the likes of norway and switzerland , it seems fairly clear that both are fine , the remaining former communist states are in a large part the remnants of a failed state and dealing with the consequences of war that happened quite a short while ago . 
   a last and easy one is northern against southern cyprus , again , not a great example given the history of northern cyprus and the island as a whole . 
  being a member of the european union is undoubtedly valuable to the republic but the problems that the north faces stem from more than just not being eu . 
  more to the point , cyprus was n't exactly economically stagnant up until 2004 , in fact if you look at it , what cyprus managed to achieve between 1974 and 2004 was massive given the barriers it faced . 
  but you frame the underlying point absolutely correctly - the benefits of the eu are varied , their scope and scale depend on the member you are talking about and the balance varies . 
  the eu is n't the basis of the economic growth or social change that we have seen in the last half century , but it is certainly part of it , whether that continues to be the case depends on how the eu moves forward and whether people win eu states support that direction . 
  it may well be that the uk and others choose a different direction and i think that is a reasonable and entirely justifiable position , but it is one that should be taken on the basis of some understanding of how the eu works and what the benefits and dangers are . 
  my god yes . 
  i managed to miss that reading over it again now too , edited and noted the change ... 
   i would say more likely a question of whether they have a domestic eurosceptic bloc large enough to worry about - the obvious candidate being france . 
  absolutely true for france and to a lesser degree denmark , hungary and potentially poland , although i wonder how true that will be in a couple of years time ( remember that were the uk to vote leave this year , it 'd be at least another two years before the uk actually left and probably close to that before getting a partial agreement on how the relationship would move forward . . ) . 
  i 'm not sure how great an issue that is in context though , france has a huge amount of bilateral trade with the uk , together with germany , france and italy would also see the largest negative impact if there were a push to act in a manner that limited uk dealings with the eu beyond what would be required by an exit . 
  although i suppose things might actually be considerably further along in france by the time an agreement is made too , so the question might be less what france can do to provide a disincentive for eurosceptic voters and more about how much france has to take into account a significant eurosceptic bloc when dealing with the eu and uk . 
   i think i 'd have to say that this will certainly be the intent of the institutional eu , but may not be the intent of individual governments . 
  i think there will be a split between what is said , especially for a domestic or eu audience and what is actually done . 
  the former is relatively cheap , the latter is very relevant to the economic and social impact . 
  i ca n't see any country actively going out of its way to do harm to itself out of spite and i ca n't see the eu taking a chance that would undercut confidence . 
  all in i suppose the biggest issue might be the degree of risk that some eu members and leaders see to the prestige of the project by a uk exit and whether they see the uk having problems sufficiently valuable that they are willing to pay an economic cost and risk a larger structural issue . . 
   the only reason she suspended dublin was because hungary and greece were on the edge of a humanitarian crisis . 
  i think the argument that gets made most often is that the will to suspend agreements because of a potential humanitarian crisis seems to be inconsistently applied . 
  if anything the eu looks like the kind of moves you see by electorates at the national level writ large ... 
  it seems a bit like the argument that happened in the uk a while back ( and is still sort of going on ... ) about private sector vs public sector workers . 
  there was outrage that public sector workers , with decent unions , had fought to protect pensions and conditions - but rather than argue that there should be better protections and pensions for everyone , the result was that those protections and pensions were reduced to meet private sector norms - a race to the bottom , cheered on by those losing out . 
  when has there ever been european solidarity in the context of the eu ?!, 
  i 'd make an argument that competing ideas and seeing policy implementations succeed and be emulated , or fail and not be attempted is a positive thing , that is harmed by a homogeneous approach . 
  there are benefits to making sure that each country negotiates and acts in its own interests when looking for compromise , anything else just seems like a great way to end up with an even bigger mess . . 
  yup , that seems fairly relevant given the gdp measure is n't per-capita . 
  with these things it 's really important to use the right metric , or at least be aware of the implications of the numbers you are using before drawing any conclusions . 
  pretty though . 
  this is gdp though , not tax revenue . 
  although i can imagine the situation you describe not being great for state finances , depending on how the companies that employ those people are set up of course . 
  population numbers too , although hamburg is doing well for itself - although that should n't be a surprise given the port is the second busiest in europe . 
   the uk 's exit from the european union could leave weak member countries exposed to a rise in migrants and reduce the influence of the remaining 27 states on the global stage , according to a leading economist . 
  i 'm note sure why it would leave weak member countries more exposed to a rise in migrants in the context of the current crisis , but the point made later about migration from 'em erging europe ' just seems odd :  if it left , it would probably limit immigration , particularly from emerging europe , implying bigger flows into other rich eu countries . 
  this might boost activity in those economies . 
  but , as the uk would be likely to cherry pick the immigrants that it accepts , those that moved to other eu countries could be less productive , the argument there appears to be that simply by being smaller , the eu would have fewer countries to spread economic migrants from within the bloc across , and leave the uk more able to pick which migrants are given leave to work in the uk . 
  at least in the context of the debate in the uk that seems to be what a lot of people would like to see , even if there is a cost . 
  i 'd like to see something more balanced and something close to the current free movement arrangements ( and preferably open that up to other developed economies ... ) but hey . 
  as to :  the loss of an important member would damage confidence within the region and reduce the eu 's influence in global negotiations , giving it less scope to negotiate in favour of its economies . 
  it would n't be so much the confidence within the region as the reality . 
  the uk makes up a very large chunk of the eu 's economic diplomatic and military clout . 
  the eu would go from being the worlds largest economic bloc , just above nafta to being just below it . 
  but again , that 's a given and should be being taken into account now and there is still massive room for growth within the eu . . 
  i ca n't really see the change making a significant difference in terms of global negotiations , at least currently , especially not when access to and trade with developed economies is a priority for pretty much every bloc and independent large economy anyway . 
  most laughably this :  what 's more , brexit would confirm that the union is not irrevocable and , if the country did well , others might be tempted to follow . 
  yes , it 's a union . 
  it is n't irrevocable . 
  nothing is . 
  the only question is how likely and how easy it is for change to occur . 
  the eu is n't a country , it 's a group of governments working together , of course it 's * reversible * \u00b9 , it 's subject to change and will see growth and likely shrinkage too . 
  this is n't a new threat and , lets face it , not all eu members are at the same level . 
  you could make the same argument about the euro , or schengen in the context of eu states not joining , but people generally do n't ( at least not beyond predicting dire scenarios if people do n't join ... ) . 
  countries can join and they can leave , that is sort of the point of having values on issues like self-determination . 
  the eu being able to manage and survive that is a far bigger boost to credibility than any negative . 
   so it would deal a damaging blow to sentiment within the region and perceptions from outside and may even present an existential threat . 
  if it presents an existential threat to the eu , then the bloc has bigger problems than the uk leaving . 
  lets face it , the uk and eu can navigate a uk exit with minimal harm on either side . 
  that will be the intent and the most likely outcome . 
  if other countries leave the eu then that is a matter for the people in those countries and for the eu , and an opportunity for the eu to show that it is robust and can handle change . 
  in terms of impact on the debate on leaving , i 'm not sure that the argument that the eu would be weaker , or that more migrants might remain in the eu , or indeed that the eu might crumble are terribly compelling ones to remain in the eu . . * edit : a word and a bit . . * \u00b9 * edit : a word again - should have been ` reversible ' , initially read ` irrevocable ' because apparently that made sense to me ... - thanks / r/herpyderpyhur for pointing it out and having an appropriate username in context *, 
   i remember the case of poland especially , the only one for which we could identify for sure the unique `` eu effect '' . 
  see from page 13 , but as i am in work now , i am not sure this is the right doc to consult : https://www.msz.gov.pl/resource/fa393546-1309-4ea8-ad30-2c93d01e7f36:jcr that looks like the right document and it 's really quite good , there is some decent analysis of the improvements seen by poland over the 10 year period and , helpfully , a look at the concerns that polish people had that have n't been realised . 
  that is exactly what every member state should be looking at in relation to its membership of the eu and indeed should be reviewing on a fairly continuous basis . 
  obviously the point to make is that benefits and concerns are distinctly member to member , and things change - on poland for example , i am really pleased that the country seems to have been able to take full advantage of its membership and that it has seen the investment it needed and the funds to support the structural reforms that poland went though . 
  so whilst i 'm sure that 's not all down to eu membership , and that polish entrepreneurs would have found success even without the eu , it seems clear that so far eu membership has been a force for good - whether that is still the case in 10 years time however will depend heavily on the route that the eu takes and how poland builds on its success ( and what compromises it has to make ) . 
  oh absolutely . 
  you are basically down to what individual people want to see and what they take as being positive or negative influences on their lives and so on . 
  your point on attribution of quantifiable benefits is also important , it 's neigh on impossible to look with any certainty at the benefits of eu membership because you ca n't accurately predict what a member state would have done outside of the eu . 
  that is n't to say that many members are n't better off now than they were 10 , 20 or 30 + years ago , but then that 's true if you look at non-eu states too , and if you look at eu states over longer periods . 
  i think your first comment - about people taking the advantages of the eu for granted is an important point though , people should be more aware of the benefits and issues that eu membership brings , it 's the only way for there to be any demand for positive change in those areas where there are real problems . . 
  if people are unaware , or uncritical things simply wo n't get sorted . 
   but the fact is that eu did a lot more good than bad for all its members . 
  that is n't a fact , it 's an assumption , and not an entirely valid one . 
  moreover the question for people now should be whether the eu will continue to provide a benefit , and if that benefit is balanced by the costs . 
  lets not assume that the eu is or has been a shining wonder for everyone and that there are n't significant negatives that have and will continue to have a detrimental impact on some members . 
   dunno how it is possible since we have borders here . 
  it would n't be the first time that a naval landing has ended up on the wrong beach , or that an exercise , especially one close to a border has crossed one accidentally/on purpose . 
  doubly so when tensions are high , or there is a lot of enmity . .  for us there is simply no reason for that . 
  a fuck up , an aggressive local commander , something intended to antagonise by an aggressive commander on the other side ( but that is n't an outright act of war in and of itself . . ) , an equipment failure ( aircraft navigation or flight controls ) a misunderstanding . . 
  there are a million and one scenarios where not having a reason my not be enough . 
   if russia would send troops to poland it would mean that russia started war . 
  i 'm not talking about defending country i 'm talking about invading other country . 
  of course it would , but i 'm explicitly talking about polish troops entering russian territory or attacking russian troops/naval vessels . 
   none of countries mentioned by you could atack any of it 's neighbours . 
  there is simply no reason for that .
