  not sure about you , but i 'd take a major economic downturn over fascism . 
  i assume their goal is the best outcome for greece , and that in or out of the euro , they do n't see the conditions of the relief they were offered as viable . 
  as to the other 18 governments , they are looking to their interests ... 
  some of the comments here you 'd think greece was a breakaway region of a larger state and misbehaving , rather than a sovereign state within a currency union that is ( regardless of you frame it . . ) making it impossible for them to manage their own monetary policy . 
  i ca n't find my paper copy of the guardian from this morning , but the independent has a greece themed cartoon on page 3 , and a small sean o'grady teaser above the lead ( tunisia ) that literally says ' ** sean o'grady ** the greeks only have themselves to blame - news p. 9 . 
  the times has it 's main story as ` terror police on alert amid fears of uk attack ' with the ` greek banks to close for one week as crisis looms ' with some additional reporting on page 2 . 
  yes it is !, 
  in my head that was clearer ... 
  the uk contributes to the imf and is n't part of the euro so that 's to be expected to a certain extent . 
  it should n't be surprising that uk banks have been reducing exposure to greece . 
  i would add that the uk lending greece some massive sum of money would simply add to the list of creditors . . 
  the issue is n't that greece ca n't borrow , it 's that it has no control over it 's monetary policy right now and is n't free to take some of the steps that a non-eurozone country could take . 
  it 's not the lead story in the uk , but that 's largely down to the attacks in tunisia . 
  except of course they do , although there is far more evasion and avoidance than in germany , france , the uk or the us . . 
  it still equates to tax revenues of around 4,773 $ per head of population ( that compares to 12,000 $ in the uk for example ) although those are pretty gross numbers . 
  of course the huge economic crash does help the statistics , greece actually collects more tax than the us or japan as a proportion of gdp now . . 
  it 's certainly one mechanism to reduce the cost of pensions , i 'm not suggesting it is n't nor that it should n't be considered when there is a crisis . 
  ( although i disagree with your notion that as life expectancy increases , retirement age also needs to increase , there are multiple options from increasing contributions through reducing payments ) . 
  i 'm simply taking issue with / u/pushkalo 's suggestion that it 's a net benefit to the retiree when compared to not raising it . 
  increasing the pension age basically means that you can access your pension later than you expected , so you get less back than you would assume and pay in longer ( whether through taxation , direct contributions or whatever ) . 
  it generally does n't remove a restriction on being allowed to work ( lots of people work whilst receiving a pension . . ) , but it does mean that you can no-longer retire at the age you were probably expecting to . 
  i fail to see how anyone could twist it as somehow being beneficial financially to future retires or provide more choice . . 
   mostly i 'm talking about trust and commitment between the eu and greece . 
  that is quite an interesting relationship , if for no other reason than they are basically approaching this situation with very different interests and needs ( for want of a better word ) . 
  from the greek perspective , i do utterly understand the need to not just get the best possible deal but to actually end up in a situation where greece is on the right track . 
  i 'm not sure what the eu position is though , it does n't seem like the eu position is necessarily represented terribly well . 
  we are seeing statements from the commission , or at least junker and the like that are obviously less about the needs of greece and greek people , and more about protecting the euro . . 
  i have no idea where the balance is there , but it should n't be seen as something similar to an internal national issue , but as what it is , which is the interests of various countries coming into conflict . 
   syriza represents the greek people , despite only getting some 30 % of the vote . 
  that 's true , but it 's also how democracy works in most countries , the conservative majority government in the uk actually got a slightly smaller percentage of the popular vote than syriza did for example , any democracy with multiple parties will have governments with a working majority , but significantly less than a popular majority . 
  that tends to be less common where the share of the vote creates a need for a coalition ( which arguably , no-one votes for . . ) and in countries like the us where there are effectively two parties . 
  it 's also somewhat difficult to criticise greece on the basis of a democratic deficit when the eu is seen as having a massive issue in exactly that area , and when greece is pushing for a referendum . 
   the institutions and the eu itself want some sign that the greek people actually want to continue being part of the project , that syrizas behavior over the last month is n't what they actually want . 
  i suppose the nuanced answer here would be that greek people seem to want to be part of the eu project , but are seeing problems with the eurozone to a certain extent ( it is limiting what their own government can do because of how the euro works . . ) . 
  in any case , surely the aim has to be something that helps greece get back on it 's feet . 
   only a yes vote , showing that greeks are committed to sticking to the eu through thick and thin can win back what syria made greece lose . 
  i 'm intrigued by this . 
  given that the eu 's aims and objectives , how does the current position of greece fit in ? 
  the eu is n't a suicide pact , it 's an economic bloc with some political elements made up of sovereign states . 
  the eu parliament and eu institutions do n't sit on top of national parliaments , they do n't supersede national interests or the democratic wishes of citizens . 
  if the direction and current state of the eu is hurting greece , if it 's government and people believe they need to do something else , if their aims and needs do n't tally with those of other members of the bloc , surely rather than sticking to the eu through thick and thin , they should be taking the direction that is right ... 
  this applies to all eu states , the uk , germany , france and so on . 
  i 'd also say that saying :  syria screwed that up with their abrasive style , turning most of europe against them , and eroding what sympathy the public has for them . 
  makes it sound like the rest of europe is being vindictive simply because they do n't like greek internal politics . . that 's absurd , greek politics and democracy is a matter for greece . 
  the uk looking at a referendum is being seen as fairly abrasive , yet no-one is suggesting that it somehow harms the eu , or even that if it did it would be inappropriate . 
  essentially there seems to be a strange push of something that feels almost like european nationalism , which is absurd given there is no european nation ( and a large number of people who would oppose that quite vigorously , and insufficient support for anything of that ilk in many eu states now . . ) . 
  anyway . 
  i 'm not sure how i 'd vote , it heavily depends on what compromises can be found , but there has to be a compelling reason to vote in either direction beyond ` stick with the eu ' . 
  it really is ( although probably not ` rich ' so much as not poor ) . 
  although oddly enough , defaults do n't always result in that ... 
  there are lots of factors ( and obviously lenders are balancing risk with potential profits . . ) . 
  but i doubt it is going to make it easier for greece to borrow in the short term . 
   creditors can chase greece for payments after default . 
  they can try to , but there is n't really a mechanism to force repayment if there is a sovereign default . . you 'd assume greece would work something out in terms of restructuring , but creditors can chase all they want , the biggest tool they have is simply not to lend in future . 
  from the comment :  the government offers to exchange the euros for drachmas but does n't do it without consent . 
  force people to pay taxes in drachmas , and any government transaction has to be in drachmas . 
  the suggestion would be that you can convert your euros to drachmas , but you do n't have to , the banks would however likely not be able to pay out in euros given the issues ... you ca n't sue a bank for going bust though ( or rather you can , but there is n't much point ) . 
  possibly , it really depends on a number of factors , confidence in the currency being one . 
  there would be massive capital flight either way ( but that is the case no anyway ... ) but people need to be paid , need to buy things and so on . 
  there will be some serious issues either way ( there are now . . ) . 
   and all eu countries , except denmark and the united kingdom , are obliged to join the euro . 
  i do n't see how you can stop doing something if you have an obligation to do that something . 
  by deferring the obligation , making the case for an exception or a million other things . 
  there are plenty of issues relating to fiscal compliance that eurozone members are n't currently dealing with , whilst none are as major as those that greece faces right now , they exist . 
  there is no reason that this ca n't be dealt with ...  and how would you force people to voluntarily agree to be paid in inflating new drachmas instead of stable euros ? 
  by paying them in drachmas , and requiring tax to be paid in drachmas . 
  this is exactly the same as the switch to the euro , you issue a currency and people can use it . 
   and banks includes greek banks . 
  which will lead to greek banks going bankrupt , and they will take the savings of businesses and people with them . 
  that is what happens when banks collapse and there is n't a state safety net or an intervention . 
  if the issue is one of solvency , then the banks are going to have problems paying people anyway unless they have significant euro reserves , if they have the reserves then it is n't an issue , if they do n't it 's an issue regardless of currency . 
  obviously if the government starts issuing drachmas they can try any number of things ( that they ca n't currently ) in relation to issuing currency and yes , devaluing it . 
   in case of a default the only thing that keeps the banking system halfway intact is devaluation . 
  with voluntary conversions greece ca n't do that . 
  because nobody will volunteer . 
  and `` convert to new drachmas or you wo n't get your money back '' is not voluntarily . 
  when the option is essentially ` you wo n't get your money back because we do n't have any ' i do n't really see the difference . 
   also explains why merkel wanted tsipras to make it very clear that the vote will determine euro membership . 
  i get the impression that this is more about pressuring greece to accept than it is about there being any real compatibility issues with a state leaving the euro and staying in the eu . 
  making the vote about eu membership skews the position some greek people will take , almost regardless of the reasonableness of the other issues . . 
  i think to a certain extent this is brinkmanship . 
  it should be possible ( if greece decides it wants to . . ) for greece to remain within the eu and leave the euro . 
  it would be horribly complex , but frankly likely better for the eu than the alternative . 
  there are plenty of eu countries that do n't use the euro , so that is n't an issue and as long as any currency conversion is voluntary i do n't entirely see that there would be any insurmountable problems . 
  obviously greece would end up defaulting on a lot of debt owed to eu partners and banks ( which might be interesting in political terms within the eu . . ) and the eu collectively may have to look at ways to mitigate the kind of problems this crisis has caused in future ( and continue to find solutions to the current issues ) but it 's not impossible . 
  this is about a sovereign state working with a collection of sovereign states . 
  anything is possible , the question is what is palatable and what will be accepted by other eu states and obviously greece . 
  read his comment again , he is n't talking about a forced conversion . 
  and more importantly , he is right . . 
  i suppose my point would be that when you have a democracy , sometimes people do make the ` wrong ' decision , or the less than perfect one . 
  there are always mechanisms to moderate that , slow it down and so on , but at least if people have a say they are involved and have a stake . 
  i really hope that things in greece are sorted out in a way that does the least harm to the greek people , but i also know they need a say in that future . 
  and i suppose , at the end of the day it 's a beautiful country , people are willing to work , build and create , there is a great history and no reason why greece ca n't prosper . 
  but i do think it 's important that it 's on greece 's terms too . 
   i am aware of the irony , yes . 
  what irony ? 
   they export 10 % of their economy , and import 20 % . 
  does n't sound like much to me . 
  its a huge amount compared to iceland ( which is what the op was talking about ) , it 's about the same as poland or turkey , but the greek economy is n't massively export orientated ( which may be part of the problem with it 's membership of a currency union with economies that are more so i suppose ) . 
  but it exports billions of euro 's of goods and raw materials each year .
