  the vast majority are pensioners and those in work ... 
  but hey , you pick the glaring examples of abuse , and claim it 's the norm if you like , it does n't make it any more accurate !, 
   germans are not required to carry id , that 's nonsense . 
  you just have to own one absolutely right , but you do have to be able to produce it , which amounts to a very similar position ( see the debate about id cards in the uk . . ) , but you are of course correct to the letter . 
  although i understand non-germans are required to carry it ( but again , the penalty for not carrying it is essentially to produce it ) . 
   regarding `` censorship '' - again that 's not really an issue unless you are talking about the denial of the holocaust . 
  hardly unique in the european context . 
  i was n't actually referring to germany on that second point , my point was simply that there are lots of areas where people see thier own situation as normal and others as not ( cctv proliferation in the uk as an example of non-state activity that is decried by many but seen as normal by most brits . . ) . 
  not having a dig at germany , i 'm saying there are lots of issues and the uk is n't in the lead when it comes to problems in this area by a long shot . . 
   you forgot child benefits , do n't tell me there are n't any couples out there who reproduce for the sole purpose of being able to continuously slack and claim benefits , because there are . 
  do you really think the value of child benefit actually lets you slack off or provides enough money to do so on anything other than a pretty rough , subsistence basis ? 
  if you are having kids to make money , then you are working way too hard ... 
   military power is not required to `` maintain order '' , un resolutions should always be required for military action . 
  i never understood why people look at this as odd , as if the un gets in the way - its supposed to when it comes to offensive action . . that is literally what it is there for , not a rubber stamp for military action . 
  when it comes to defensive action , the un is n't required at all of course ( hence the whole insane , pre-emptive defence rubbish pre-iraq ) , the point being that countries have a right to self defence when attacked . 
   it 's a bit odd too to be paying child benefit for a child that 's resident in poland . 
  on that i mostly agree , it makes almost no sense to pay child benefit at uk rates for a child not living in the uk given it is intended as a payment to support the child . 
  then again even if the child is outside of the uk the parent working in the uk could still be responsible for it . . 
  but your primary point is really where i am :  that said , this sort of stuff is chickenfeed . 
  i 'm surprised they ca n't agree a deal on this . 
  it 's just not that important . 
  although i 'd take it one step further and say that if we ca n't get a deal on stupid stuff like this , any real change is going to be somewhat harder , and of course that even if we did get this deal , it does n't deal with the real issues . . 
   how so ? 
  are most of the people who claim benefits instead of working disabled or something ? 
  in work benefits are paid to people in work . 
  out of work benefits are paid to people between jobs , long term unemployment ( people out of work for 12 months or more ) is low , its only a small proportion of those out of work . 
  beyond that you do have people who are disabled and unable to work . .  i have lived in london for a while and most people i saw working there were foreigners . 
  poles , indians , romanians , russians , lithuanians etc. 
  some of them barely spoke any english . 
  if employers were willing to take in someone who barely understood the language , you would think british workers are in very short supply . 
  great , i live in the uk and move around the north east/west . 
  most people i see working here are british , they all speak english ( as do most of the non brits by the way . . ) ...  my first interaction with a white british person was on the day i moved into my apartment , the guy , stoned as fuck , asked me if i wanted to smoke some weed with him . 
  it was 1 p.m. on a fucking weekday . 
  there was also a white british couple living in that building , whenever i passed their door , it reeked of weed , regardless of the time of the day . 
  it became really annoying after a while , because the smoke alarm kept going off because of them . 
  and you believe from this , that most brits on benefits are therefore out of work and stoners ? 
  did you discuss their benefits position with them ? 
  i ask because the biggest stoner i know is a local landlord , income from renters and no benefits but no work he has to do either . . 
  i assume he is no more the norm than your stoner group . .  what is these people 's excuse to avoid work and claim benefits , and moreover to use tax payer money to buy weed ? 
  there is no excuse , but in terms of benefits , if you are right about them not working , would be jsa ( if they do the paperwork ... ) , which is up to # 73.10 if they are over 25 . 
  hardly a princely sum to pay for accommodation , food etc. . and weed ( no idea how expensive that might be , but you 'd assume it 'd be a bit ... ) . 
  and whilst i 'm sure there are some people who fit your notion of benefit claimants , they are in a pretty small minority and again , probably exist in almost every country , existing on benefits and undeclared income/crime . . 
   they are actually a really good idea they are n't a good idea as implemented , as they give the ` completely computer illiterate ' a false feeling that the internet is safe , when they are on , when it is n't . 
  essentially they promote a position that you 'd think the tories would n't like , that rather than taking personal responsibility and supervising children , you can leave it in the hands of a company . . not to mention that pretty much all the firms that use the opt-out blocks , had opt in services previously , so the solution was there for people anyway . . 
  oh entirely . 
  that 's going to be the interesting bit , the gamble , as it were . 
  and yet somehow very german . 
  one of the things i really liked when working with firms in germany , for a while at least , was the predictability and the amusing impact of providing solutions that were n't what were expected , or outside of the normal boundaries . 
  it 's like giving kittens balls of string . . 
  they unwrap them and leave bits everywhere whilst looking slightly concerned that they might be doing something wrong . . 
   i honestly struggle to see what he was thinking . 
  if you look at polling on support for eu membership , it goes up significantly if it is membership of a reformed eu . 
  if he can spin it to make the case that it is membership of a reformed eu that the people are voting on in the referendum , then that 's a fairly big positive toward his remain position . 
  it 's a gamble that so far does n't quite seem to be paying off , but lets see what happens today . . 
   but them working and paying taxes is not necessarily correct . 
  many arrive and get benefits straight away . 
  is n't this the point britain is making ? 
  it 's to stop abuses . 
  you ca n't arrive and claim out of work benefits immediately , but you will get tax credits if you qualify for them whilst you are working . 
  those tax credits essentially negate your tax burden . 
  and obviously workers in the uk provide some benefit to their employers and pay vat , council tax and so on too . 
  the calculation is different if you are a couple and have kids , but again , someone has to be working and the cost of living eats up most of the difference anyway . 
  that is n't to say that working in the uk is n't going to put you in a significantly better position ( especially if you live very cheaply . . ) than living in many of the poorer eu countries . . 
   yeah , me too , a lot of brits love to slack and claim benefits . 
  there are people claiming benefits in pretty much every country in the world that provides them , most are n't ` slacking off ' either , unless you really take the uk 's tabloid press reporting to heart . 
   they also do n't seem to have a problem with david cameron 's and theresa may 's surveillance bullshit . 
  quote a lot of people do n't understand the issue or the extent and a significant proportion do have a problem with surveillance , but a bit like eu membership , they are faced with several political parties that do n't seem to get the problem either ... 
  it 'd be like blaming germans for accepting the requirement to carry id cards or censorship or indeed the surveillance cooperation between various eu states . . 
  this is one of those areas where we all need to do better in the face of ` national security ' and the erosion of civil liberties in the name of protecting ourselves from the threat of the day ... happily , all of our societies are generally on a trend toward freer , more liberal futures , sadly , there are occasional steps backward . 
  they are n't legislative , they are based on the threat of legislation , like pretty much every other bit of self regulation . 
  i also happen to think it 's a stupid and counter-productive approach ( and campaigned against them ... ) but they are voluntary , not all isps implement them , and they are also voluntary on the side of the user ( so you can turn them off ) . 
  far from ideal , but not a government mandated porn block either ... 
  if anything i wish the isps would n't roll over on some of these things quite so easily , and actually defend themselves properly in court too , but they do n't because it 's broadly easier to toe the line , especially on issues that for some daft reason have some level of popular support ... 
  cameron 's demands , i do n't think they match what people who are wary of the eu on the right , or on the left would see as being terribly convincing in keeping the uk in the eu . . 
   the thing i do n't like about the eu is how a poorer member who practically does n't pay welfare at all can have its citizens receive really generous welfare in other countries . 
  when they are working in those countries and paying taxes in those countries ... that seems mostly reasonable , they also potentially have access to better wages , infrastructure , education , healthcare , employment prospects , housing and a whole bunch of other things - that is broadly what makes migration attractive - something better on the other side of the fence . 
  it 'd be a bit odd to apply the norms of a migrants home country to them when they work abroad . . 
   i have yet to see a principled justification for workers who are employed in and taxed by the uk being denied equal treatment for an arbitrary period of time . 
  under most circumstances , that 's because there basically is n't one . 
  if someone sees this as an actual issue , the answer is either a change in the uks benefits system ( which potentially hurts everyone and makes it less effective at doing what it is supposed to do ) or changes on the conditions of entry to the uk ( the requirement that migrants are able to support themselves with no-access to the welfare state as a condition of working in the uk - essentially the restrictions applied to non-eu migrants ) which breaks free movement . 
  this is sort of like the second half of the above but not quite ( hence why it is seen as harming free movement ) . 
   more to the point , protectionism always backfires . 
  if british businesses can not get access to the workforce they want in the uk , they will take their business to poland or romania instead . 
  that 's not true either though . 
  it would work for some companies , and they 'd already see significant benefits in doing that if they were in a position to do so , but it does n't work for retail or other service sector companies , nor does it work for most small businesses . 
  you ca n't move your shop to poland or romania . . for firms employing skilled labour , in-work benefits become less of an issue as salaries are higher . 
  to be honest , whilst there is something of an issue in the difference between contributory and universal benefit provision , the actual issue seems to be basically political and part of the narrative about foreign benefits seekers , which does n't stack up terribly well either . . 
   but like i said , i just wanted to quote cameron . 
  creepy stuff . 
  :p very true . . that said :  from the porn blocker to `` sexual risk orders '' ( http://nypost.com/2016/01/25/man-must-notify-police-if-he-plans-to-have-sex/ ) it seems that if a government is planning to intrude on individual rights in an entirely new way the idea will either come from sweden , germany , or britain . 
  the porn block is n't law , it 's self regulation on the part of isps , if you compare that to say , laws at state , and sub-state level in the us on the purchase of alcohol , or federal laws against the support for foreign boycotts you 'd probably find it somewhat difficult to argue that the uks approach is less extreme . . as to the sexual risk order , it 's essentially a restraining order with conditions , in the context of the us there is wide judicial discretion as to what conditions can be applied in that manner ( and some pretty stupid ones occasionally pop up on til ) . 
  i think your example was part of a bail arrangement too , and again in the us conditions on bail can include a really quite large set of conditions . . basically i 'd disagree that the uk has a lot of the worst social laws/privacy laws in the entire west , it has very similar ones to lots of countries , better ones in some areas and worse ones in others , however i do wish the uk would sort its life out in quite a few areas , there seems to be a tendency to be a bit authoritarian and then have the judiciary dial it back ( not unlike the us ... ) . 
   i honestly expected britain to be the one who believed the most in state interference . 
  any idea why you 'd think that ? 
  the uk seems to have an interesting balance in wanting state safety nets ( the nhs/social provision ) but more hands off regulatory and legislative approaches . 
  people do n't like the state to interfere , they do like it to provide a social benefit ( to varying degrees . . ) . 
  suddenly reminded of the ` yes minister ' channel tunnel negotiations . . 
   it 's actually very easy to forget that some of you are doing the mental linguistic chop-suey juggle sometimes . 
  it 's insane , there is a glaswegian guy on here whose comments are entirely legible . 
  i think that 's an ease of communication thing , but if you spend a lot of time with people offline you note some pretty similar trends , although not as extreme , probably because it 's harder to be somewhat anonymous in real life .
