  everything we have done so far could be dismissed with your argument . 
  yes it would to a certain extent . 
  the idea being that when the eu is in a position to put in place ` supra-national ' anything , and members are happy with it , that is the time to do it . 
  the current approach of trying to force through eu wide structures on the back of one crisis or another , before there is a proper structure to support them just leaves to a greater chance of those structures failing . 
   we wo n't be integrating more because we are n't interested enough to integrate more . 
   if we are n't interested in integrating more , we should n't be . 
  how can we integrate more if we 're not already integrated ? 
  we would need to integrate in order to be integrated but we are n't so we ca n't . 
  if there is a will and public support , we can move towards convergence and harmonisation , if we get there we can integrate things . 
  but trying to impose it through institutions is n't integration , it 's plastering over the cracks and pretending things are getting done . 
  deal with the actual integration first not the institutions . . 
   this is n't arguing that it would n't be more efficient but that we are not integrated enough to be able to implement it . 
  it 's arguing it would n't be more efficient ... sure , if the eu were more integrated it might be more useful or more efficient , but it is n't . 
  so it would n't be . 
   the argument that we are not a nation therefore it wo n't work is really weak given we have implemented many supra national institutions within the eu and continue to do so . 
  the argument is perfectly valid when it comes to policing and intelligence which require powers that are n't delegated to the eu ... 
  the eu ca n't ` take ' or supplement those powers , so it is n't useful . 
   the resistance to extending the powers of europol has nothing to do with efficiency , nor with the difficulties of defining a common framework in which it can operate . 
  it 's just another instance of nations being weary of transferring bits and pieces of sovereignty to a centralised union . 
  indeed , but those powers are n't being extended and there would be push back . 
  i 'm not saying that if the eu were more like a country , and if the eu had a framework in place , and if there were integration and more uniformity in law and policing it could n't be more efficient , i 'm saying that it is n't effective now and wo n't be so why would we do that ? 
  it 's the classic cart before the horse issue . 
   and this resistance is understandable . 
  particularly considering the status quo of german dominance and deficit of democracy in the union . 
  but that 's what it is about . 
  not a belief that centralised operations would n't be more efficient . 
  right , but just to clarify then , the point syou made initially :  for the same reason it 's more efficient for countries have their own national entities , rather than several independent decentralised entities that need to be coordinated . 
   for the same reason the us find it efficient to have an fbi . 
  do n't apply because the eu is n't integrated , is n't a country . 
  which takes me back to my first point . 
  why would we do this now ? 
  i 'll refer you to - [ my comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3v4c22/less_then_50_of_german_tornados_flightready/cxkekou ) in reply to / u/fluchtpunkt given they refereed to the same quote . 
   for the same reason it 's more efficient for countries have their own national entities , rather than several independent decentralised entities that need to be coordinated . 
  right , but the eu is n't a country , we have different laws and different legal systems in different jurisdictions , no overarching powers and no need for them . 
  your argument would be just as valid for a world police , but i doubt it 'd be as efficient as local policing . 
   because you would have a centralised command of operations , leading europe wide investigations , and acting ask over the territory . 
  rather than just smaller decentralised forces who are mostly looking at just a piece of the puzzle . 
  but we can do all of that now , and with countries outside of the eu , so why add another layer of bureaucracy ? 
  i do n't know about you , but i do n't want the eu to have actual policing powers , or the ability to arrest people in member states so at best it 'd be coordination , at that point we may as well carry on as we are with the agreements that are in place already . 
   but did i start whining , claim the higher ground and then try and end the discussion ? 
  you responded to ` we do n't set up special legal systems for poor people ' with social security . . 
  i realise that these days a lot of people in the uk seem to fail to understand why access to open and transparent legal system might be an issue , but to try and distort the argument into one of mitigating risk generally is absurd and utterly disingenuous . 
  lots of countries use uk and us jurisdictions in contracts and for international trade because they believe that those systems are functional and predictable , you on the other hand are now trying to use social provision as an argument why large international investors should have a mechanism for protecting themselves from uk law . . and your argument is ` because human nature ' . 
  the reason i am ending my part in the discussion is because i 've said everything i have to say ( broadly ) and as i said , your arguments are becoming , purely in my view of course , increasingly stupid and tangential . 
   your arguments have become incredibly asinine anyway . 
  you just claimed that social security and the provision of a lawyer is a separate legal system for poor people ... 
  i think that may be the definition of extremely stupid . 
   much of the reason why they are incapable is precisely because they do n't have the means to do so . 
  because we choose to have them play a secondary , almost irrelevant role . 
  but why do we need them to do anything else ? 
  we have security services , we have police forces , we have national priorities and agreements with other countries . 
  why on earth would we want to do it again at the eu level ? 
   this does n't mean it would n't be more efficient and effective to have european agencies do much of this work . 
  how ? 
  why would it be more ` efficient ' for an eu wide body to operate across multiple countries ? 
  it makes no sense whatsoever ... how would an eu body be more effective in france than a french one ? 
  how would it be more effective in coordinating between the uk and france than british and french agencies ? 
  it 's absurd . 
   the matter of fact is that , it really is n't a national matter , but european . 
  it 's a national matter , with international dimensions , last i checked , syria was n't part of the eu , and lots of the cooperation required is outside of the eu . .  as evidence by the facts in this case . 
  some were living in belgium , some entered as refugees , etc. 
  that 's not evidence of anything other than the fact that both belgium and france have a role to play in that specific case . 
   what do you think social welfare is ? 
  what about state appointed lawyers ? 
  seriously ? 
  you think welfare and state appointed lawyers are ` special legal systems for poor people ' ? 
  i think we can leave it here , that 's fucking stupid . 
   if cameron is able to campaign wholeheartedly for stay , maybe the uk just might . 
  he probably will anyway to be honest , and whatever the eu comes back with i would be willing to bet he will present as a victory , or a start toward more change or . . well whatever will keep the uk in for now . 
   if not probably not and that will be at best money leakingly bad for everyone good job it 's not all about the money really . 
  i saw that comment , but i wondered why europol or frontex should take a more prominent role ? 
  i mean , the bulk of counter terrorism and intelligence operations are run by national governments ( because they have the powers , money and structures to operate them . . ) and there is a lot of cooperation between countries ( including outside of the eu ) . 
  why should eu bodies be more prominent - they do n't really have much of a role to play and the roles people would like to see them play ( like border security ) they seem incapable of doing anyway . 
  surely this is a matter for national governments , not an opportunity for some eu wide prestige project that does n't actually do what is needed and siphons money , time and interest away from those that actually do . . 
   the least bad thing here is for europe to cut at deal with cameron that he can sell to the brits . 
  even if they give him everything ( and they wo n't . . ) it 's not going to be even close to enough , the demands are far too weak and the eu is going to want to win on a few of them even then . 
  the domestic analysis is going to be a lose either way ( well , the media that has taken sides will obviously continue to say the same thing , but i think spinning any of this as positive is going to be much harder than the reverse ) . 
  but the sooner he gets a deal , the longer we will have to point out why it 's not a good one , so maybe the eu stalling and confusing people closer to the referendum date would be the ` least bad thing ' for the eu . 
  why ? 
   european terrorism needs to be countered by a european anti-terrorism agency , really ? 
  why ? 
   national governments can not fix this by themselves . 
  obviously they can , given this is a national police agency dealing with terrorism . 
  there is no need for an eu wide anti-terrorism agency , no basis for it and it could n't have the powers needed to do its job without national government approval anyway . 
  in which case powers , funding and all the rest of it would still come from national governments and it would be little more than a coordinating body . 
  we already mostly have that and we include others outside of the eu in it too . 
  the turkey / greece thing is specifically supposed to be hostile , in an aggressive kind of way and it is quite literally about the ownership of territory . 
  the russian thing seems to have been an accident , even if you look at it in the most aggressive manner , it skimmed airspace and was n't intending to attack turkish targets , and no-one thought it was ... 
  to be fair , the same source says earlier on that : '' `` the margins for spares are thin but they were manageable as things stood . 
  '' , and an mod spokesman said : `` spares are not running low and there is no shortage of spares for the uk tornado fleet . '' that sounds more like the perpetual just in time logistics issue during actual operations than anything else ( which was an issue because gr4s suddenly got popular for air support when the uk binned the harrier . . ) , especially since the uk does have aircraft mothballed in the uk as they are being replaced . 
  but i supposed it shows that the uks current commitment to its armed forces is too low given the operational demands being made . 
   the problem is that fundamentally regardless of how `` functional '' you personally believe these court systems to be , protectionism is inherent in the human condition . 
   this is just a fact . 
  there are lots of things inherent in the human condition , but we do n't set up special legal systems for poor people , ethnic minorities , religious minorities , the obese or estate agents . 
  why is it that suddenly when it comes to potential protectionism ( which , as you have already pointed out can come in through legislation , which apparently is n't negated by settlements ) we need a separate system ? 
   the only way to get round this is by implementing a court that is nationless . 
  therefore eliminating the possibility of protectionism coming into the rulings of these courts . 
  we have several more open mechanisms already , we could set up a permanent non-specific mechanism for dealing with trade disputes that is multinational ( hmm , i think we already have one via the wto ... ) , what i do n't understand is why we need to keep creating more and more opaque mechanisms to deal with a problem that is marginal at best . 
   i agree that isds is not particularly good , but fundamentally humans have a problem with tribalism ; and this needs to be addressed . 
  to say otherwise is incredibly naive i love the accusations of naivety , it 's always helpful .
