  the current crisis , where you have where a mix of refugees and economic migrants entering eu states , and in most cases ignoring the processes set up to deal with those who need help like refugees ( i.e. 
  the asylum process ) and sidestepping the processes intended for migrants ( i.e visa applications ) is very different from people making use of free travel within the eu as they agreed in the various treaties . . eu states have agreed on how to deal with internal migration , they have reciprocal arrangements for work , benefits , support , education , health and so on . 
  importantly , whilst someone can come from eastern europe to work in say , the uk , a uk person can go and work in eastern europe ( or sell goods there , or open a factory there ... ) . 
  that is part of what was built as the eu ... 
  complaining that outside of that framework a large number of migrants are entering your country , without any of these arrangements in place , without support and in a way that is not proper as per international agreements and domestic law is perfectly fair . . now for refugees there is a process in place , that should be followed and people who are fleeing war and persecution should absolutely get support . . 
  but that does n't equate to simply opening your borders and disregarding any sort of controls . . 
  it seems pretty clear to me that this crisis has shown that there are problems with schengen that need to be addressed and issues with refugee handling across the eu . 
  i absolutely understand why some countries may not want to be part of schengen anymore or why they might have lost faith in the notion of mutual support within the eu on issues like refugees ... 
  but hey , lets pretend that if you have your people living in other countries you should shit the fuck up and not be allowed to have a say on how your borders are managed . . 
   i see a black economy for eastern europe . 
  because there may be border checkpoints ? 
  how does that screw up an economy ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that whilst the biggest boon to trade is the free movement of people , goods and service the practicalities of that ( whether there might be a check at the border or not . . ) is so tiny an element as to be inconsequential . 
   i 'd like to see how they would react if we just acted like schengen never existed and all of these people were forced to return to poland . 
  they would n't be forced to return to poland from ireland if schengen ` never existed ' , they 'd just have to show a passport at the border ... 
  which for ireland they obviously already the case ( given it is n't a member of schengen - although it is a member of the uk/ireland common travel area ) . 
  it 's probably marginally beneficial , but not much beyond . . 
  i 'm betting the biggest benefit is the savings in having to police the border . 
  there is an interesting question about parliamentary sovereignty and the role of the the crown but if you take it at face value , the oath is : `` i , [ soldier 's name ] , swear by almighty god that i will be faithful and bear true allegiance to her majesty queen elizabeth ii , her heirs and successors and that i will as in duty bound honestly and faithfully defend her majesty , her heirs and successors in person , crown and dignity against all enemies and will observe and obey all orders of her majesty , her heirs and successors and of the generals and officers set over me '' and currently the use of the armed forces remains a royal prerogative . . realistically and practically ( and indeed customarily . . ) the armed forces are under the control of the government via the proper minister and in the last decade or so it has become customary to have parliament agree deployment . 
  but under the royal prerogative powers , the government can absolutely declare war and deploy armed forces to conflicts abroad without the backing or consent of parliament ... 
  the parliament is also dissolved by the monarch ( that 's actually arguably quite important constitutionally . . ) so the powers are there , however ... 
  if a monarch decided to dissolve parliament , sack a government , rule directly , use troops without the consent of the government ( or the government use troops in direct opposition of parliament . . ) you 'd have one of those fun constitutional crises that ends up in history books , and probably with some interesting immediate ramifications too . . 
  the fun thing about the uk is that a huge amount of this kind of stuff is basically customary with some odd precedents dating back centuries , but new precedents can be made and things do change . . 
  which are incredibly stupid positions given the view of the islanders and the fact that the primary duty of government is the defence of the ` realm ' . . * edit - i think i just replied to you three times in rapid succession !, 
  not intentional , you just happened to be at the end of each comment thread . . *, 
  the question is whether the military like that particular formality . 
  in the uk an officers can resign his commission after having served 3 or 5 years ( depending on entry ) i think , which either is the period of their colour service or something similar . . 
   the army can protest , but in the end it has to stay under civilian control . 
  interestingly in canada and the uk the deployment or use of military forces is a royal prerogative . . officers carry a commission from the crown and swear loyalty to the sovereig , not the people or a constitution . . 
  does n't make the statement less concerning , but it 's an interesting distinction . 
   its not a political matter , its the basis of the system , typically enshrined as a constitutional principle . 
  interestingly , the british military is accountable to the crown and swears an oath to the crown . 
  ministers , like the person responsible for the mod in government would probably be elected ( could be a lord . . ) but technically is responsible for giving advice to the crown on the use of crown prerogatives - like the use of the military ... 
  so to a certain extent you could argue that in the uk the military is not subjugated at all times to the will of the political leadership , but rather to the sovereign ( much like in the us , the commander in chief - the president - has control of when and how forces are employed , although funding must come from congress ) . 
  that said , even under that set up this would be utterly irresponsible , unprofessional and wrong - unless they are retired or have permission to make the point ( and i 'd point out the conservative government have been playing this tune for about a week now . . ) . 
  absolutely , the actual mechanics of removal are n't that expensive , but that is only a very small part of the process . . 
  i assume that it 's actually the budget for removals divided by the number of people removed . . 
  i would assume it covers translators , security , transport , possibly appeals and court time too . 
  it wo n't cost anything like $ 17,000 to deport a single person , but i 'm betting that for complex cases or where extra security , medical or legal support is required it can cost massively more . . 
    no it really is n't . 
   i stopped now . 
  you 're starting to annoy me severely with this . 
  i really do n't see why you are annoyed , i thought this was a discussion but hey . 
  i 'll rebut and leave it . 
  if you want to go defend ultrarich mncs and government corruption , go do it with someone else . 
  i would n't , and have n't defend either . 
  i am simply saying that competition on tax and conditions does n't somehow equate to ` tax havens ' . . that is a stupidly simplistic view on a complex subject and frankly misses the point so badly that it would make it almost impossible to deal with actual tax havens and tax avoidance ( and evasion . . ) . 
   pretending that this `` system '' is just an unfortunate accident that no one had in mind is self-delusion to a point that i ca n't contend with . 
  goodbye . 
   i agree that there is a significant degree of self delusion involved here , but i 'm afraid it is n't mine . . 
  the ` system ' is stacked and influenced by groups of wealthy people and lobbyists , that means we often end up with policies and processes that actively funnel money to the wealthy and away from those who need support . . but if you look at the economies of developed european states and the approaches taken to taxation and public spending you sort of notice that they are n't all spiralling to the bottom , you realise that there have been , and continue to be periods of significant public investment and support , that the variance between left wing and right wing economic philosophies seems to be closing somewhat and that actually the middle ground is fairly decent ( in that there is good provision for support , education , health , housing etc. . investment in public infrastructure and development and a push to make the business environment healthy enough to push development ) . 
  i really do n't understand how someone can look at the current situation , or at the notion of competition and diversity between states and assume that at it 's root lies corruption and the only direction is down . . 
  it is n't , we do need to trust our democracies to a certain extent they are functional after all . 
   that is exactly what competing on taxes is . 
  no it really is n't . 
  you can compete on rates and application , loopholes ( usually defined as using legitimate methods to avoid tax in a way not envisaged by the people writing the tax code ) are a side issue . 
  yes you can attract companies by offering discounts , or investment by providing things like subsidies or other incentives . . 
  it 's why solar took off , it is what is funding a lot of wave and wind tech , it funds arts and film production . . 
  it 's not a bad thing when it is n't abused , which it usually is n't . . 
  the issue you want to address is where the tax system of one country and the tax system of another allows for tax avoidance and off-shoring of that money ( which means income from investment also may evade taxation later , essentially the country in which the income was raised sees no benefit whatsoever ) things like the ` double irish with a dutch sandwich ' type arrangement that we read so much about last year . . that is n't about competition that 's making mistakes . . you can compete on taxes in lots of ways ( and on employment too . . ) . 
  seriously , is the uk unfairly attracting people on low incomes due to the low income tax rate ? 
  should they not be allowed to ? 
   then you need to visit some tax havens . 
  it 's a horrible thing . 
  the problem with tax havens is n't the tax haven ( because they generally do n't have to , or simply do n't bother supporting a large amount of infrastructure , they tend to be small and often focused on finance . . ) the problem is national tax codes that allow locally generated income to be transferred without taxation . . you ca n't sell stuff in the uk and keep your profits off shore . .  the amount of money being transferred from rich countries and being stashed in off-shore tax havens is unbelievable . 
  it is , but it is a national issue and in many cases a criminal one . 
  close the loopholes and it becomes an entirely different situation ( and that is already happening ) . 
   i 'm taking amounts of money that would make up 20-30 % of the budget . 
  the estimate is something like trilliona dollars , that 's more than the us federal budget . . 
  but you seem to be defining competition on tax and workers rights as ` create a tax haven ' and scrap workers rights . . 
  which simply is n't a valid premise ,, 
   nearly all of it has happened domestically . 
  sweden and norway did it through revolution , in fact they nearly murdered the ruling classes . 
  it happened domestically ( on a national basis . . ) because that is where the power lies anyway . . you ca n't do it anything like as easily on an international basis or multinationally level ( and certainly not before doing it domestically ) . 
  all politics really is local . .  globalization has spurred the race to the bottom . 
  globalization has been a thing for several centuries , in fact the biggest growth in worker protections came at the same time as we 've seen massive globalisation . 
  now i would n't claim one cause the other , but it 's unreasonable to claim that globalisation is a race to the bottom - it depends heavily on national regulation , international trends and what people will put up with . .  yes . 
  public spending in the uk has gone up in absolute terms for the last decade , if you want to be pedantic , you could argue that it is currently falling as a proportion of gdp , but hey , we have gdp growth again . . 
  the government has n't cut spending in the uk , it has shifted priorities , that is pretty important . .  i ca n't speak to either of those countries because i do n't know their tax system or the changes to it over the past few years , but i do know that it 's not income tax that 's gone up  no , you are right , in the uk for example , income tax thresholds have risen so at this point a person earning less than $ 14,550 wo n't pay any income tax . 
  now i 'd prefer to see a different approach to tax on income , but as it goes this is n't the worst move . 
   it 's been things like sales and vat , which disproportionally target the poor and middle classes whereas the rich are hardly touched . 
  mostly true , poorer families spend more in vat as a proportion of their incomes , but then then given there is no vat on food and other essentials it 's not quite as clear cut . 
   meanwhile , corporate taxes have gone down , and wealth and financial taxes are like swiss cheese - so filled with holes that the actual rate on the books is n't even relevant . 
  taking the uk again , corporate taxes have n't really gone down ( they are about the same , they 've been messed about with but broadly as a simplification rather than anything else ) . 
  in the last budget a fair number of the changes will actually impact negatively on larger businesses and might begin to deal with tax loopholes . . now , i do n't support the current uk government , i do n't think that their ideas and direction are even close to ideal on a huge number of things , including taxation , but at the same time i do think that some of what they have done is potentially positive and worth looking at ( especially on income thresholds . . ) . 
  that is a good thing . . 
  i want to see a clearer , more transparent tax system ( the current one has way too many holes . . ) but i also understand why they are there ( subsidy . . ) and why some of them probably should n't be removed ( depends on the benefit . . ) . 
  i do however think that countries innovating and competing on tax is broadly a good thing , not because i want to see rich people make more money , but because , as we have seen in the last 50 + years , the direction of travel can absolutely be positive and i do n't think where we are represents the best place we can be . . 
   actually , they are . 
  like i said in the following point , those numbers are n't really very honest . 
  they 're politicized because politicians like to score points by saying look at how low it is , but a few examples include them counting anyone who works more than 12 hours a week as employed , dropping anyone who 's been looking for work for more than 6 months out of the unemployment figures ( just fucking lol ) and counting employment that does n't even offer minimum wage ( for example , teenagers who can legally be paid a third ) . 
  actually . . no . 
  the numbers are based on labour force sturvey 's and are international labour organization ( ilo ) - defined unemployment rates . . 
  yes there are lots of skewable indicators ( jobseekers , even ` in work ' figures ) but you are simply wrong on the various unemployment rates . 
  you may disagree with how they are calculated or feel that they are generally deceptive in what they measure , but they are consistent . 
   just because these measures are `` fairly well agreed '' between member states does n't really make them anything but unreliable and laughable political soundbites . 
  you make it sound like they are made up , or easily manipulable . . 
  they are n't really , although you do need to know what they mean and who wo n't be included in the numbers . .  most economists know that real unemployment is far , far higher - if for no other reason than because they count the people who have n't had a job for more than 6 months as well . 
  except if you look at the lfs definitions it would include people who have n't had a job for more than six months . 
  the thing that people get a bit upset by tends to be the inclusion of people who are n't seeking work ... that is n't politically motivated , that 's because if you count people who are n't working and do n't want to you end up with even more skewed numbers ...  links back to my previous point : unemployment is high because the jobs are there .
