  except it would entirely change the relationship and arrangements for migration between the eu and uk . 
  and it would leave the rules for that in the hands of the uk ( no doubt with much give and take between the uk and individual eu states ) . 
   in fact , all it does is keep britain from having a voice in figuring something out no matter how chaotic running the eu actually is . 
  i think that 's the point though . . 
  if the uk wants out , its because it does n't want to be part of figuring stuff out . 
   almost everything you say is reasonable , the only thing is that this ` renegotiation ' has been dragging on too long and the way cameron is handling it makes it seem like one giant bluff . 
  cameron is trying to balance domestic political issues with the fact that he ca n't really get any substantial change out of the eu without a treaty change . 
  he has to come back to the uk and say he 's achieved something though ( and likely will . . ) . 
  but lets face it for a lot of people the negotiations are a non starter anyway , they do n't cover what is needed and that may well become evident . 
   at this point i 'd rather that the uk just leaves and signs the market access agreement . 
  but the uk will lose a lot of decision power in many of these market regulations . 
  so would i !, 
  the obvious point of course is that whilst the uk would lose a lot of decision power in many of these market regulations , it would n't be part of the single market any-more and would have a lot more regulatory flexibility anyway . 
  the uk exports more to non-eu destinations than eu ones , so it 's already in that position with many of its trading partners and frankly , the regulatory costs are already there , i do n't see it making that much of a difference and , obviously , the whole point is not to be part of a lot of that ( because it comes with more than just benefits . . ) . 
   complete and free market access can be a good thing , and in the uk 's case this is almost always a good thing !, 
  but not for all european states . 
  it can be a hamper for development in certain industries since competition from more advanced nations could prevent it from ever growing . 
  eastern european states are currently experiencing this and it is particularly from the uk in certain service industries that this is true . 
  even germany sometimes tries to hold the completion of the single market back out of fear of their own service industries . 
  it can get pretty bad , to the point that countries basically become profit regions of others . 
  i know , and that 's basically why the argument of the uk having more influence as part of the eu than outside of it is so absurd ( and you could throw the euro in as well , ireland is seeing growth , and really needs a different arrangement in terms of rates around now but wo n't get it . . ) . 
  the major deals that the eu is looking at closing with other states do n't play to the uks strengths as much as they should ( largely because germany and the german financial sector . . ) . 
  our trade is hampered by considerations we should n't need to make and that means less open trade than we could have . 
  that may well be good for other eu states and they should be pushing for that , but its probably not ideal for the uk and at that point , the whole eu membership becomes less valuable . 
  i suppose that 's why this is moving at the pace it is . 
  what should be concerning is that this is also an issue for france and germany and the eastern eu states , at present , with the uk in the eu that seems to be mitigated to some extent , when the uk leaves it 'll be somewhat different . 
   i 'm not an expert on the subject so i wo n't go into detail about this further , but current political establishment often laud any free market and curse any form of protectionism by default hence you 'll never hear this argument from them . 
  indeed . 
  i 'd hope not as it should be sensibly managed , but it 'll leave the eu a bit smaller economically , territorially and in terms of population , it might have an impact on eu/xx trade agreements ( balances will shift a bit ) , the uk in a different relationship with the eu . . all in all it 'd be a fairly large occurrence , although the impact , as i said , will depend on how it 's managed . 
  i 'd assume it matters to the uk and eu . . 
  at least one of the arguments comes back to the fact that there is onward migration in the eu that would n't be possible if there were controls on migration . 
  i think some significant portion of congolese migrants and refugees that france took in moved to the uk as soon as they were able . 
  the argument there is that some significant portion of the refugees currently in the eu will at some point be perfectly legally able to move to the uk and the uk wo n't be able to do anything about it . 
  personally i 'm not sure how valid it is , but there is a huge debate in the uk about how and what controls the uk should be able to put on migration . 
   you speak of shengen or the euro but these are n't really the biggest benefits of being in the eu at all . 
  no , the biggest benefit the eu brings is market access , that is n't exclusive to eu members though and the uk is a big part of that market and the uk has a fairly long history now of pushing for more open markets ... 
  it 's incredibly unlikely that the uk and eu could n't conclude an agreement for bilateral access . 
   while that is not untrue , turn it around , what is the rest of europe for britain in these terms ? 
  the eu is of course a huge export market for the uk too , ( although the uk imports more than it exports . . ) and the uk would suffer significantly if it were locked out of that market . 
  but i think you are missing my point , the eu is n't going to let 20 % of its market walk away and massively crimp a large number of its member states economies , so we will see an agreement between the eu and uk on market access . 
  there are already plenty of agreements in place with other countries ( and i do n't mean just norway , or other european states ) on trade that do n't have anything like the same broader burden than eu membership . 
  my point is that the uk provides a benefit to the eu too , the eu ( and uk ) have been pushing for more open markets , not fewer markets ( look how much the eu is paying for access to ukraine ... ) so this odd notion that the uk is somehow abusing the eu by taking the good but not the bad is pretty much invalid . 
  market access is good for everyone , everything else on the uk side with its current membership has been negotiated and is give and take . 
  and after a uk exit , things will broadly be fine too . 
  to listen to people here , you 'd think the uk had imposed opt outs on the eu and had n't handed anything back in return ... 
  he wants to stay ... 
  i think its more accurate to suggest that there wo n't be a solution in place well before any formal uk exit . 
  after all , the uk is 20 % of the eu 's economic power , and represents more than 5 % of the exports of germany , france and italy , it 's also a huge export market for the uk and there are massive bilateral economic ties . 
  no one , on either side , is going to jeopardise them if they do n't need to and they do n't need to . 
  and the point on the uk wanting to ` keep all the benefits ' is a bit absurd . 
  the uk does n't see many of the ` benefits ' as benefits and is therefore not currently part of that ( schengen , the euro . . ) the uk wo n't be part of the eu any more , it will lose its internal access to the institutions , wo n't have a vote and so on . 
  those are benefits that will be lost . 
  i 'm sure visa free travel will remain , but i 'm sure that new migration to the eu from the uk ( and the reverse of course ) will also be subject to some restrictions . 
  that is n't the uk ' simply dropping out and keep all the benefits ' its a very clear repositioning on what the uk wants in terms of its relationship with the eu . . 
   eu is necessary for europe to live in peace and prosper . 
  is it ? 
  i do n't see why it should be ...  however , it needs to be reformed and move away from the socialist agenda and structure in a more decentralized way . 
  i 'm not sure where the eu sits on the socialist agenda , but a loser union would be far more acceptable than what exists now of course . 
   if britain leaves it will open the pandora box , it will be the end of eu as we know it . 
  it 'll be a bit smaller but it may well be more able to move forward with the wishes of the other members . . 
  there ca n't be , hence the `` there is no unity in creating a response . '', 
  bit . 
  good point , well made . 
  then you may be surprised about the general view of the uk on eu membership . . 
  you 'd see more cap payments ( quite a bit more ) as an individual state , but that 's about it . 
  almost everything else would be negative . 
  i do n't think there is an economic argument for scotland to be part of the eu ( or leave the uk ) although there is certainly an argument about self-determination . 
  i do n't think we drag the average up that much , but if you insist . . 
  ~ ~ you may want to reread / u/fuppen 's comment . . ~ ~, 
   cameron 's definition of remaining in the eu and that of most people outside the uk is somewhat different . 
  cameron wants a situation where the uk reaps ( almost ) all of the benefits of membership with few the downsides . 
  you mean ` has opt outs ' ... 
  i love the fact that people seem to think that eu membership is some sort of suicide cult . 
  the uk does n't want to join the euro because it 'd be pretty bad for the uk economy , that seems reasonable . 
  the uk does n't want to join shengen , because it 's a sodding island and that makes no sense so that seems reasonable . 
  suddenly these things ( that everyone else usually refers to as positive aspects of eu membership . . ) are ` downsides that the uk wont swallow ' . 
   sure , he 's playing to the tory 's euroskeptic wing with posturing , but he 's hardly what you 'd describe a europhile either . 
  he 's simply aware of the massive downsides of leaving the eu . 
  he wants the uk to remain part of the eu , which is more than you can say for most of the country at the moment , it 's odd seeing him being attacked for that by people who presumably do n't want the uk to leave . 
  scotland might have an argument for another referendum ( and i mean , it 's up to scotland at the end of the day . . ) if there is a significant difference between how scotland votes and how the rest of the uk votes , but i 'm honestly not sure how great that difference will be by the time we get to the referendum . .  seeing as a lot of no voters used the ` we 'd still be in the eu if we stay in the uk ' as a reason to vote no in the first place !, 
  i suppose that may have been one of the arguments , but it did n't seem like a major thrust ... 
  the risk of scotland not being part of the eu if it voted for independence was certainly hyped up of course . 
  i think we ; ll have to see what the referendum results look like , but i would n't be at all surprised to see votes in scotland follow a similar trajectory to the rest of the uk broadly , especially given the rest of the uk has only really recently started polling as negative on eu membership . 
   so you expect unity to be a god-given happenstance ? 
  that 's not realistic . 
  unity needs work , and people only do work when there 's no easier alternative , even when doing to work would improve the situation . 
  no i do n't , i do think that it needs work and it needs common goals and so on . 
  the problem is that i do n't think you can run something like the eu effectively without it . 
  essentially , much like the eurozone , it feels arse about face , the eu needs to build itself around the unity that exists , that might create more ... not try to enforce it and ignore disunity because that breaks the eu . .  a qualified majority in the parliament offers ample opportunity for dissent . 
  if that 's not enough , then your own state does n't make dissent possible either . 
  it does mean that in some areas whole countries are going to feel like they are being dictated to . . and if ( like in the uk ) there has been little impact on government of peoples views and opinions on the eu then there is a bigger issue . 
  i 'd rather be out of the eu than part of something that so clearly has no common purpose that comes from the people within it , rather than the current prestige project that it seems to be for certain politicians . 
  you realise cameron is on the side that wants the uk to remain in the eu right ? 
   because national vetoes prevent any unified policy at all no . . a lack of unity prevent unified policy . 
  if there is no unity within the eu between member states , you ca n't really expect majority rule to sit well and that can absolutely be blamed on the eu . 
  disunity and a lack of unified aims means the eu is dysfunctional , not that we should somehow throw out the mechanisms that make dissent possible . . 
  there wo n't be a ` snap ' referendum , although there might be one at some point after the referendum , depending on how voters in scotland vote . 
  still far from a guarantee though . 
   blustering bullshit , we 're not going to leave the eu ... 
  i guess we 'll see after the referendum . .  it 's not perfect by any means but this country desperately wants to stay relevant and leaving the eu will harm that i do n't think the uk being part of the eu will make the uk more relevant ... more relevant in the eu possibly , but it wo n't make it easier or more able to follow its own interests or indeed act independently .
