   exactly , we need a coalition of the willing . 
  there is a take and give . 
  the uk has too many opt-outs already . 
  it 's a very one-sided relation and it 's damaging to europe . 
  the uk has opt-outs because of that give and take - the opt outs are n't one sided , they came with compromise , they allowed eu states that wanted to take one aspect further than other eu states wanted to move ahead . 
  it 's utterly disingenuous to suggest that they are an indication of a very one sided relationship . 
  however they are a signal that the uk ( and of course others with opt outs . . ) and the eu are n't on the same path , and that 's fine and probably , if the majority of eu members want to see more unification and harmonisation , a good indicator that the uk would be better off without the eu and that the eu would do better without the uk too . 
  as you point out , it 's supposed to be a voluntary coming together , not some sort of collective suicide pact . . 
  personally i 'd quite like to see the eu project succeed , i just do n't think the uk should be part of it ... 
  i do n't think its a good fit and i do n't see the uk 's future as being part of the kind of politically unified bloc that the eu appears to aspire to . 
  being outside of the euro and schengen ( to a lesser extent tbh . . ) obviously has mitigated the impact of membership for the uk but at this point i think its fair to say that there are divergent interests between many eu states and the uk and , that 's fine . 
  that obviously does mean that i see many of the ` benefits ' of eu membership as nothing of the sort , the major benefits have and continue to be trade liberalisation , but even there i 'm no longer sure that the eu is the right vehicle . 
  but at the end of the day you are right , life will continue and i 'd rather see the eu do well ( as it is a major trading partner . . ) and go its own way in a manner that suits its constituent countries . 
  with a bit of luck , the uk leaving will also push for additional reform within the eu and might even benefit countries like poland , denmark and provide a firmer base for the eu to actually figure out and coalesce around a collective and more unified future . . 
   the uk does n't want a free trade agreement though . 
  they want to stay part of the single market . 
  do they ? 
  i thought the uk wanted access to the single market - or a relationship that was centred on trade rather than broad integration . . how that happens will depend heavily on post exit negotiations . 
   you will but a fta is n't the same as being in the single market and you wont have as good terms as you have in the eu . 
  no , of course not , but that is sort of the point . 
  having an fta means we 'd have a very different relationship than we would within the single market ... 
  the ` terms ' of free trade are essentially the removal of barriers , the uk and eu generally work to have as few of them as possible , and that 'd be the same after the uk leaves too , the eu is n't suddenly going to try and raise barriers ( and even without an fta those barriers would be fairly low . . ) . 
   but that you will have to accept most of eu regulations ( without being able to influence those because you are out of eu ) in order to make a fta . 
  but the applicability will relate to trade , not generally . 
  any fta is n't going to touch on a whole raft of things that eu directives and regulations do currently - again , that ; s broadly the point . 
  the whole point with opt outs is that the uk would n't have supported the measures they negotiated opt outs for . 
  essentially , the uk said that it was n't for them , but they would n't stand in the way of other countries that felt they needed the measure in place ... that is n't a lack of cooperation or ` being an ass ' that 's exactly the opposite . 
  agreeing those opt outs in return for compromise and movement on issues and then whining about their existence and pointing to them as being uncooperative however does seem like a rather shitty position to take . 
  as does assuming that opt outs and agreements might be set aside when it becomes useful for one group or another . 
  - which is why it 's a bit mad to think that the uk would n't be able to negotiate one if and when it leaves the eu . . 
  the whole premise - that the uk relies on eu criminal justice systems `` 24/7 '' to combat terrorism and serious organised crime is pretty much a distortion generally , bilateral and multilateral agreements sure , but that extends way beyond the eu in any case and it is exactly the kind of thing that the eu should be good at putting together ( but is n't really . . ) and can be done without all the other stuff the eu pushes on members . . 
   the imf has acknowledged its position was wrong and its new position is more beneficial to greece than the position the other eurozone lenders are taking . 
  and this was my ( somewhat crude ) point on organ donation - the various eurozone lenders made sure their institutions did n't suffer in the short term ( to limit contagion . . ) first , not the long term outcomes . 
  that should be seen as problematic . 
   you are suggesting the imf intentionally bankrupts countries and parts them out ? 
  if so please provide a source . 
  i 'm suggesting that the approach toward greece by its creditors has n't always been the most likely to help , and there was a serious effort to contain the issues in greece by supporting lenders in other eu countries - that is n't an imf issue of course . 
   several counties in africa have benefited greatly from the imf 's policies for heavily indebted poor countries . 
  indeed , and others have n't - and of course there have been some very questionable positions taken by both the imf and other lenders ( as well as in exchange for trade concessions ) that have caused real issues in developing states ...  you ca n't blame their bad policies on the imf . 
  no you ca n't !, 
  i think there is a ` i 've harvested all the organs , so these other guys will be fine , but now things seem to be even worse for this man ' missing ... 
  define bail-out . 
  they have been part of the agreements that have allowed greece to access lending facilities and they 've loaned greece another 8bn + in the last few months so ... 
  the imf is a major creditor , so until that changes , they are hardly going to be content to sit on the sidelines and consult . . not to mention that the imf members ( which includes eu states . . ) are n't going to simply ignore the agreements that were put in place . 
   i think that it is time for the imf to leave , especially after the numerous fuckups . 
  the problem is that the imf is a creditor ( and has fairly recently loaned greece another 8bn + ) the only way the imf is going to leave is when it 's loans are repaid or forgiven , and i ca n't see imf debt being forgiven whilst loans to other creditors are repaid ... 
  to be fair , they normally do n't do that by demanding debt relief for the countries they are working in . . 
  if you use the world bank figures for per-capita gdp ( without adjustments ) france is still marginally below 2007 figures - but you are absolutely right about the uk ( and i thought that was the case since the end of 2014 ... seems i misread the graph , grey vs dark grey ... ) and of course growth rates are broadly lower . 
   bankster is not a word . 
  [ yes it is ... ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/bankster ) it seems to have been coined by an american laywer in the 30 's - ferdinand pecora , when he was the chief counsel to the us senate committee on banking and looking into the origins of the crash of 1929 . 
  the eurozone has grown more slowly than non-eurozone countries , of the core , large eu economies ( germany , france , italy and the united kingdom ) all except the uk have grown more slowly than the us , and grown more slowly than the global average . . countries on the periphery ( like switzerland ) have grown more rapidly than germany , france and italy too ( and obviously more rapidly than both the eu and eurozone ) . 
  australia , new zealand and canada have outstripped those core eu countries ( bar the uk ... ) too . 
  and the eu as a whole slumped quite a lot harder too ... 
  if you look at the problem cases ( spain , greece , ireland . . ) their growth is starting to accelerate , but they are still so far behind where they were in 2008 ( and fell after the crisis when other eu states and global economies were starting to recover . . ) . . 
  it 's not unreasonable to argue that the eu as a whole has n't reached pre-crisis levels ( because it has n't ) , it 's also true that it 's not just the less successful economies like spain , greece or ireland that are still lagging behind 2007 levels , indeed most of those core economies like france and italy ... are still behind where they where pre-crisis . 
  i suppose the question is what is hindering that growth and what can be done to deal with it ( and indeed whether we should be pushing for ever more growth or something different and more sustainable . . ) * edit : correction on uk figures *, 
  i ca n't seem to find my fleg , so i 'll go grab my bowler and sash . 
   i studied history to gcse ( aged 16 ) , and he 's not even mentioned . 
  that 's not normal ( or possibly an indication of a somewhat less than entirely comprehensive history education . . ) though , especially if you even touched on the civil war . 
  to be fair , there are a fairly large number of pure electric , hybrid and other options out there now . 
  the infrastructure to support them seems to be getting deployed pretty rapidly too now ( i wandered past some public charging points in manchester the other day , on a residential street . . ) . 
  companies like vw , mercedes , bmw etc. . putting money into r&d and delivering a decent volume of drivable cars at reasonable prices is what we need , not a small volume reasonably expensive manufacturer . . 
   how is it fear mongering ? 
  the argument is that outside of the eu the uk would cease to have any role to play in international decision making , it 's presenting the notion that people should be worried that outside of the eu , the uk would n't have any influence ( which is obviously absurd regardless of how you look at it . . ) . 
  that is fear mongering to an extent , it 's the same sort of argument that has been made in the past about the uk joining the eurozone as well , basically that not playing as part of the eu will mean that the uk becomes insignificant and that that is something to be very , very worried about . 
   but i do n't think anyone should care about the eu 's `` global influence '' . 
  nor do i broadly , although there is an element of benefit in terms of market access - although frankly i 'm not sure that the compromises that end up being made at the eu level are n't less beneficial than individual agreements would be ( at least for the larger economies ) . 
  after all when it comes to trade , bilateral and open is usually the aim and most eu economies are already pretty open . .  it seems to me that eu elites are demanding more power for themselves for no other reason than that they want more power . 
  i think there are a core of politicians who would like to see a powerful eu as a power bloc within a multi-polar world , possibly even a superpower as a counterbalance to the us and emerging asian blocs ( and russia i suppose ) , but that simply does n't mesh with what many people in the eu ( at least in the uk and ee . . ) actually want from the eu . . 
  i 'd also argue that it 's not possible without much closer union either , and there does n't seem to be demand for that ... 
  it 's pretty absurd really , influence and economic power are more than just a factor of population size . 
  that and obviously the influence that the uk has globally is n't magnified by being part of the eu , it is instead replaced by the eu , and whilst the eu may have more clout , the uk , as one small part of the eu is n't guaranteed proportionally more influence than it might have on its own . 
  indeed you can make a convincing argument that the uk has managed to punch above its weight in this area , whilst the eu manages to under-perform fairly consistently . . 
   the previous goverment during negotiations got pretty damn favorable rules . 
  whoever comes to poland needs to have his identitity confirmed , needs to be throughly checked to see if he 's not dangerous , he needs to be real refugee instead of economic migrant and he needs to be willing to come to poland . 
  surely having their identity and refugee status confirmed is pretty much the basic requirement everywhere for an asylum application to be granted ... 
  certainly in the uk you are n't going to be granted asylum if you ca n't show you are a refugee and that would generally require you to be able to confirm your identity in some manner too ( you can of course apply ... but that 's not quite the same thing . . ) . 
  those should n't be ` favourable rules ' that should be the standard everyone is applying . . 
  yes ... but again , there are more than two times as many non-ukip meps as there are ukip meps . . and that 's now , this data is the 2009-14 when they were barely the fourth largest contingent from the uk . 
  well , given the vast majority of uk meps are n't ukip ( or even ukip or similar , if you include the other somewhat similar groups that are n't ukip , but are a similar stripe of muppet . . ) that 's not really valid . 
  i 'd argue that it highlights differences between british aspiration and those of other members as much as anything else ... clearly being ( on average ) on the wrong side of a large set of issues should give people pause . 
   the question is , why do n't you rather engage the / r/unitedkingdom , since this debate is an internal uk matter anyways ? 
  because they are eu issues as much as they are uk ones ...  we ca n't vote in the referendum , our opinion does not make a difference . 
  but the issues matter . . 
  there is still an argument to be made about eu change whether the uk remains or leaves the eu and of course the impact on either side is pretty important . 
  not to mention that this is / r/europe and i do n't think the uk is planning on leaving the continent , so it remains relevant ... as to / r/ukpolitics , there are 4 articles related to the referendum on the front page . . 
   i wonder why do you spam / r/europe with all these brexit articles ? 
  always interesting to get the view from here do n't you think ? 
  plus / r/europe is more like / r/ukpolitics than / r/unitedkingdom . 
  if people are n't interested they 'll downvote , if they are they 'll comment . . that 's pretty much how reddit works iirc . 
   are you really going to destroy the world because you ca n't take talinn ? 
  of course not . 
  but you might retaliate with a limited nuclear strike to take out the logistics support for these weapons ( air bases c4i etc. . . ) . 
  of course that might invite a retaliatory strike too , followed by a larger , but still regionally limited response , followed by a general exchange followed by ... 
  the issue with nuclear war only partially been that there would be a full scale exchange as part of a first and second strike , the issue has been one of escalation . 
  it is n't even limited to nuclear weapons , the use of chemical weapons in support of conventional forces has been seen as a rational for limited nuclear retaliation . . to put it another way , making nuclear weapons easier to use makes them more likely to be used and makes escalation far more likely . 
  the same goes for forward deployed missile defence systems too ( the idea being that if it looks like you are about to take away my ability to respond to an attack by you , i should probably do something about it now . . ) . 
  the use of a nuclear weapon , in a war , by anyone is going to be the end game one way or another , either it 'll escalate , or that country will be seen as a pariah ( and of having brought the world even closer to the brink than we have seen before . . ) . 
   in general not , it is in the extent to which though . 
  the uk is by far the most eu-skeptic of all members .
