  the eu has a secondary problem in the uk referendum though , i have a feeling that their ideal will be some sort of quiet but rapid intervention that does n't look to controversial , anything else will eat into left wing remain votes , and obviously anything presented as overly generous will eat into right wing remain votes too . 
  it might actually be a decent time for greece to push the issue ... 
   i still do n't like the idea of a doctor abandoning a patient . 
  i 'm sure they do n't either , but given there will still be doctors looking after patients , and given doctors generally hand over patients between shifts , this is n't really a case of anyone abandoning a patient . 
  assuming good practice is upheld ( some great discussion on that within the bma by the way . . ) there should be no more risk than normal in terms of handing over a patient ... people are n't just going to stop and drop their work outright at the start of the strike after all , hospitals are having to make provisions for cover and there will be handovers and the usual precautions to ensure that patient safety is prioritised . 
  the issue is that it will stretch the resources available to the hospitals in question , it will put a rather acute focus on the fact that junior doctors do a huge amount of work as it is , and hopefully it will put enough pressure on government that they take notice and stop pushing forward with the reckless policy decisions and under-resourcing that they have decided to embark on . 
   what i have problem with is that i somehow see a strange resemblance between doctors protesting by leaving patients on their own and some guys taking hostages . 
  it is n't a walk out by all doctors , but by junior doctors . 
  hospitals can and will have to call in more senior staff to cover the staff losses , as well as potentially limiting some elective services . 
  it 's not as though there will suddenly be empty hospitals . 
   patients are simply not the side in this dispute and so their lives and health must not be risked as means to make the other side surrender . 
  beyond withdrawing labour , there is n't a whole lot anyone can do if an employer forces a contract on you . 
  the only other step would be resignation when the contract is imposed , and of course the junior doctors did n't start with this kind of action , they have been taking progressively more serious action . 
  in terms of risk , it 's probably comparable to any other strike . 
  when firefighters , bin men or bus drivers strike , the impact is still on the general public and there is an element of ( mitigated ... ) risk . 
   no one remember how a few fanatics changed the world ? 
  to be fair , it was n't the fanatics that changed the world , it was the response to the fanatics . 
  they argument is n't that they prefer boris , but rather that they 'd rather see the tories tear themselves apart in a leadership election , leaving whoever wins damaged and the party split . 
   i 'm not sure why are they trying to sell this . 
  because at the moment there seems to be a view that lots of left of centre voters will be voting remain because the ` leave ' camp is seen as more right wing . 
  if someone manages to turn it into a vote against the current government and especially cameron , then some proportion of those voters might well decide to use it as a way to hack at the tories and cameron . 
   i have seen a few far left people claiming that jews ca n't be oppressed cos they 're white , and that they need to get over the holocaust . 
  i think what you are seeing is idiots so engulfed in their own insane bubble taking a particular slice of identity politics and stretching it to the extreme . 
  it 's unfortunate , but it 's not particularly new or solely a left wing issue , it 's basically an extremism issue . 
  people with extreme views , whether politically , religiously or otherwise tend to try and create a formula that makes sense to them and then apply it to everything , usually with shitty results . 
  absolutely theresa may seems a bit unhappy with the whole notions of human rights and privacy . 
  nothing like an honest to god authoritarian to warm your cockles . 
  a pro-eu politician too , just in case anyone gets confused . 
  i 'm not missing the point at all , i 'm saying that the argument that some in the uk put forward that suggest that we 'd retain all the rights and protections of the echr with a uk bill whilst also somehow removing the ` abuse ' of human rights is absurd ... 
  there is nothing stopping the uk putting in place a bill of rights that builds on the echr , it just ca n't establish standards that are lower ( which is a good thing . . ) . 
  apparently there are some people who are n't aware of the sketch it 's based on , so if you fall into that category - [ monty python - what have the romans ever done for us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9foi342lxqe ) - and then maybe go and grab a copy of the life of brian . 
   it would have worked far better if the first half was what has the eu ever done for us then when the whole `` apart from x , y & z '' bit is done him saying well what about the echr and doing his `` we wo n't be dictated to thing '' and going from that bit . 
  to be fair , given it is n't about the eu at all , it would n't really work in the context of the second half given the echr and the eu are n't related . 
  the sketch is about the echr after all , something that is valuable and something the uk would retain as part of the council of europe even if it left the eu . 
  pretty much my view , the life of brian ` what have the romans ever done for us ' bit does n't really work , because the echr is n't something that was imposed from the outside . 
  essentially we are the romans in that context , which oddly enough is a better argument ( after all , who likes things being imposed , whether they are positive or not . . ) . 
  well yeah . . 
  the convention was designed to pull together many of the civil liberties that existed as a matter of legal tradition in places like the uk , france and elsewhere . 
  they would n't cease to exist if the echr were somehow binned , and we can still see the impact of different traditions across europe ( see the whole insulting erdo\u011fan thing amongst others ) . 
  it 's not an invalid argument , although its daft to try and couple that notion with the pretty daft idea ( that sometimes pops up in the uk . . ) that we need to curtail the echr and put in place a british bill of rights , and that this , whilst maintaining and expanding those rights will somehow also not allow the ` abuse ' of human rights . . 
  the echr is a good thing , if anything it 's weaker than it should be , but there is nothing stopping signatories from providing stronger protections . 
  as much as i like the sketch , the ` what has it done for us ' bit is always a bit annoying ( a bit like the notion that the eu somehow acts as a guarantor of workers rights ... ) . 
  the right to a fair trial was n't ` given ' to the uk via the echr , privacy as a right is n't guaranteed in any absolute way via the echr ( and the legal aspects that make up a ` right ' to privacy exist outside of the echr ) . 
  freedom from torture and degrading treatment also is n't a grant by the echr either , indeed , whilst the echr includes freedom of religion , freedom of expression and most of the other aspects mentioned , they are pretty much things that have existed as uk law for either a very long time . 
  and that 's where we get to the good argument , and the one people should make far more of than the ` what has it done for us ' line . 
  these are rights and concepts that we value , that we wanted to export and we did , collectively . 
  the echr , with it 's flaws and omissions is something that to a large extent , uk has done for the signatories . 
  that 's something to be proud of , that 's a selling point . 
  it makes the notion of a uk bill of rights ( and one presumably put together by the right on the basis that ` human rights have gone too far ! ), 
  such a danger when compared to the existing framework . 
  so . . yay . 
  happily it is n't true , the same rules apply to the eu referendum as parliamentary elections in the uk , essentially you have to been registered to vote in the uk in the last 15 years to qualify , but that 's about it . 
  recreate the soviet union and leave the eu you say ? 
  interesting idea . 
  not sure everyone will be on board , but they were n't the first time so that should n't be a barrier . 
  absolutely , i 'm making a poster as we speak . 
  notice how no-one is mentioning that we used to win eurovision every other year before we joined the eu !, 
  our performance got significantly worse , i blame harmonisation . 
   i like to use the example of us states/canadian provinces . 
  in the us you have law enforcement at the local , state , & federal level . 
  in the case of the eu this would treat the eu national police forces like state polices in the us . 
  sort of , except in the us and canada there is a federal government that is absent in the eu . 
  there is no ` eu law ' on things like terrorism or other crimes , there is no eu jurisdiction , there is no equivalent executive power to the likes of the federal government in either case . 
  i ca n't break eu law and end up being arrested by an eu police force and tried in an eu court . 
  the various legal systems across the eu , as well as where legal supremacy sits is also very different between members . 
  there are some parallels to that in the us ( louisiana being the closest one , but still very much more aligned with the rest of the us . . ) , but only partly . 
  more to the point , absent an actual federal structure or similar , there is no mandate for it ...  laws actually do vary widely within the us between states . 
  in fact most criminal matters in the us are settled at the state level very few matters are federal . 
  indeed and i 'm aware , but the federal element exists . 
  it is absent in the eu . 
  it 's absent to the point that eu legislation is n't standalone , it has to be implemented by national governments ( either after the fact , or with an enabling piece of legislation ) . 
   a lot of the time a federal agency gets involved they simply turn it over to the state to prosecute . 
  the eu could very easily adapt laws that would be eu wide for certain crimes . 
  for example terrorism and/or crime that crosses country borders . 
  they could , but not without significant and likely unpopular changes . 
  and again , there is nothing wrong with having eu bodies , but they would duplicate member states efforts and those efforts are not poor at the moment for the most , so why would it be necessary ( and why would you accept the costs of doing so and hand additional power to the eu in a significant and new area , for little benefit ) . 
   come on embrace full on federalism . 
  not a chance , there is n't the support for it and frankly there are people who would fight it if it were pushed . 
  although i suppose at that point a federal eu counter terrorism unit would become very necessary , very quickly ... 
   being able to investigate across the eu and make arrests anywhere within the eu without having to deal with the local issues that make coordinating such an effort no difficult . 
  the local issues are national issues , little things like entirely different legal systems and no eu wide law on things like terrorism or intelligence operations . 
  it 'd be a massive duplication of national effort too ( and you ca n't get rid of the national aspects because they are still necessary . . ) . 
  you 'd also need to massively change the competencies of the eu , it 'd have to be allowed to deal with things like policing , other countries would have to allow foreign intelligence/police agencies to operate on their soil ( potentially armed too . . ) and to make arrests of their citizens . 
  it 's be a massive power shift , require a lot of change that few would go along with and again , without a lot of change lack things like proper oversight . 
  and it 's unnecessary , the issues that do exist are on a per country basis , some countries do better some worse , but there is no guarantee that any eu effort would be better ( indeed it 'd probably be worse as it would n't have access to the kind of bilateral intelligence cooperation the likes of the uk and others , albeit not all , and not all to the same level , have with other countries . 
  it 'd be like the us , canada and mexico creating a new body , not responsible to their own governments , but empowered to arrest and investigate on their soil . . 
   it 's not actually pointing out any problem , since interpol already has the authority on every single matter listed in the article . 
  the problem it is suggesting exists is that `` european citizens can not depend on their own governments to protect them , despite governments ' best intentions . '', 
  and suggesting that the issue is that the nature of terrorism has fundamentally changed and that existing national organisations are n't up to the task . 
   it 's a completely transparent political piece , and the key takeaways have been heard in pro-us circles for 3 decades : centralize your peace-keeping operations , weaken domestic initiatives , and appoint leaders that are aligned with the eu . 
  pretty much , and the mechanism is using crises to as a way to add urgency and promote ` solutions ' that are in line with their existing aims . 
  still worth pointing out the problems , otherwise people might mistake it for a good idea . . 
  especially given that ` principle place of business ' is hard to define , does that mean where most profit is made ? 
  most business is done ? 
  most employees are etc. . 
  fair point , i missed the western bit ... 
  fair point , i missed the western bit . 
  although in that case , why on earth would western europe suddenly have better worker protection and human rights than most european countries ? 
  that makes pretty much no sense given both the history and the current situation . 
   i find it odd that an incredibly multicultural country such as uk wants to leave eu in order to preserve their culture .
