  i realise it is much easier to simply claim that a refugee who has entered a safe country and moved on is now just an economic migrant , it simply is n't accurate , they do n't lose their refugee status just because they move to another country , even if that move is then no-longer entirely justifiable under whatever agreements states have in place . 
  now there are people seeking asylum on grounds that should not mean they get refugee status , but that is somewhat beyond the point - they are migrants ( and illegal immigrants in most states ) and not refugees in any case . 
  between the left wing ( and right wing ) fear mongering , the left ( and right ) wing bias , and the anti ( and pro ) eu agenda that the bbc has to maintain , it 's a wonder they ever get anything done . 
  defecting does n't imply being in the military at all though . . and dissidents do n't have to leave a country and often do n't that seems like an additional element that might mean that if they do defect , they can receive political asylum . . 
   what i do find odd , is that he called the united kingdom an ` export country ' ... not for a while , i think . 
  the worlds 9th largest exporter , with # 330 + bn in exports , most of which are outside of the eu makes it a fair statement . 
  a more reasonable statement would have been that the uk has a broad range of trading partners , and is slightly less focused on the eu than countries like germany , and much less eu focused than many other eu countries . . that said , the uk ( unlike germany . . ) is n't a net exporter , and it has moved away from manufacturing , so if you understand ` the uk is an export country ' to mean something like that ( which it does sound like ) it may seem a bit odd . . 
   some countries also use `` asylum seeker '' to exclusively mean `` political asylum seeker ... usually there is a separate class for those claiming political asylum , or ` defecting ' as it were . 
  i do n't think external perception is terribly relevant to the majority of those likely to vote in this referendum , it really is about whether people see eu membership as good , or bad for the uk , and whether they see continued membership as more worthwhile than leaving . 
  given that membership for any country is a compromise , a balance between the pro and the con of being an eu member it may well get interesting . 
  i 'd probably also add that the campaigns for leaving and staying are going to have some odd issues , for example there is a significant portion of people who see immigration as an issue and want more control over intra eu migration , they want to vote to leave if that ca n't be addressed . 
  at the same time you have a large group of people who are fine with intra-eu migration , but very unhappy with political union , then there are those who are fine with both free movement and political union , but see issues with eu expansion and direction . . you ca n't easily pick a single problem and put together a campaign ( either way . . ) that suits all . 
  essentially there are a whole slew of reasons why people are saying they would vote to leave that are in some cases contradictory . 
  but i do n't think arguments from the outside that the uk will suffer will work terribly well . 
  apart from likely being very wrong , they actually seem to push people more toward the idea of leaving . 
  indeed , i have a horrible feeling that people like junker could do more to push brits to vote to leave the uk than keep them in , just by taking part in the debate . . 
   there are probably thousands of people potentially ready to fight for scottish independence . 
  but this hardly matters , until someone instigates the conflict there and starts sending arms , troops and providing military support . 
  probably not , given there is access to a political process that can lead to independence through a popular vote . 
  ireland pre-1922 on the other hand had people willing to fight for independence ... 
  nato has been the largest single contributor to peace in europe for the last 60 + years , and given how it is structured it clearly has massively less of an impact on its members than the eu does ... 
  in fact i 'm a little intrigued as to how you can come to the conclusion that * u.s has too much control over europe while nato exists * , given it is entirely about mutual defence . . 
   the eu not being fit for purpose is arguably the fault of the uk too though . 
  in the 40 's and 50 's very anglophilic french governments had proposed closer relations between the nations ( even asking to join the commonwealth of nations , and during nazi occupation accession to the united kingdom itself ) . 
   he repeated rejections of these proposals caused france to turn toward germany , can be be clear that the notion of an act of union between france and the rest of the uk , or of france joining the commonwealth were n't exactly [ pushed from the french side ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/6261885.stm ) either , i think to make it sound like france repeatedly ( as a nation . . ) turned to the uk is a bit daft , it did n't and it was quite shocking when it came out . 
  the issue i think is that the uk has a very different perception of what a united europe could be and is less eurocentric too . . 
  no , nor is cutting someone 's hair . 
  generally speaking , cutting stuff that grows back is n't mutilation , although some hair styles border on child abuse . . 
  i was reading through the legislation and i 'm actually somewhat unclear as to what the rules are if you had an adult and a 17 year old in the car , with the 17 year old smoking ... 
  i mean , it 's not going to come up , but the way i read the legislation , the driver would be liable for allowing someone to smoke in a car that included someone under 18 . 
  that said , if you are 17 and driving on your own you are fine . 
  different legal system lol, 
   is it mandatory to be elected member of parliament to be asigned minister in your countries ? 
  no , but generally governments are accountable to the electorate as a whole , via a parliament . 
  essentially , if your ministers start acting in a way that will lose you the next election , because it fundamentally goes against the views of the populace , they will cease to be ministers ( or the government will cease to be a government . . ) because the elected members of parliament wo n't wear it and will stop supporting government votes ... 
  this is n't about one person not being elected , it is about someone suggesting that the views of the electorate in general should be ignored entirely . 
  the comment was that the eu do n't have the military needed , the eu does n't , some of its members do , but none of that capacity is under the control of the eu currently , nor is it likely to be in the future . . 
   combined the eu would be the second strongest conventional military force on the planet ... and if wishes were horses , beggars would ride ... 
  the eu is n't going to see a ` military union ' or even an eu army that combines any significant fraction of current existing military strength . 
  of those countries with semi-decent military expenditure , none are going to hand off political control of their armed forces to the eu , some of them would likely oppose the whole concept even if they did n't have to directly take part . . 
  probably should ban manual 's on principle , far fewer distractions with an automatic . 
  so a command economy when it comes to food , with government set margins and production quotas ? 
  believe it or not , some people enjoy working with animals on a daily basis rather than having your soul sucked out through a white screen for 8 hours a day . 
  and presumably they would n't have any issues with some level of social isolation as part of their work . 
  but it is n't exactly a binary choice between working in an office and working with animals in a rural setting , all day starting very early in the morning . . 
   lets make that doing things that can distract you from the road so no children in cars then ... 
  someone on the german via the wikipedia kartenwerkstatt . . 
  so hardly a partisan one way or another . 
  i 'm betting there is a footnote some where in some data that was used to put the country list together . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do have the power to make decisions , being a sovereign state and all . 
  whether their making that decision would have other repercussions is another matter , but hey , that 's what governments balance all the time ... 
  it 's just odd that it 's there , it is n't relevant to the data being displayed and even if it were a valid claim would n't impact the status of the falklands so . . why include it ? 
  the page on wikipedia this is sourced from - [ special member state territories and the european union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_member_state_territories_and_the_european_union ) , does n't reference argentina or sovereignty anywhere else so it 's just a tad odd . 
  * ` argentina asserts a claim to sovereignty over south georgia , the south sandwich islands and the falkland islands ' * is that relevant ? 
  i thought spain still claimed gibraltar ... 
  the argentinian claim to the falklands was weak enough before the falklands war , now it 's laughable and apart from the impact it has on uk defence spending , is n't really relevant to the eu . 
  again , no-one is claiming that the us is n't a first world country , it is . 
  the claim is whether those living in the us ( excluding the wealthiest ) have it better than almost anywhere else , on par with most other first would countries . 
  i 'd argue that the us has a significant number of issues that mean that people on lower incomes have issues accessing things that most people , including the poorest , would take for granted in ` most ' first world countries . 
   poor or rich , the emergency services , infrastructure , and general quality of life and security are befitting of first world status ( even if life in america is tough as a poor person , you are nowhere near the level of misery india 's poor , for instance , have to endure ) there are real issues with policing , health , housing , education and a number of other elements that are probably more akin to issues poorer people might face in south africa , uruguay or romania than those in say , norway , switzerland , germany or the uk . . 
   that 's my point . 
  how can you plausibly claim living conditions are akin to a developing a country if you concede the above ? 
  the discussion was about the rest of the population and whether they are on a par with other first world countries . 
  essentially in the us if you have enough of an income you are fine , but remember that a significant portion of us households have low incomes and it does become a problem . 
   but it does not follow necessarily from that the us is not a first world country . 
  the mere supposition is honestly quite risible . 
  no-one suggested the us was n't a first world country ( if for no other reason , the definition makes that impossible . . ) , but it lack as lot of the infrastructure , support and social provision you would see in most first world countries . 
  that has an impact on poorer americans ( and hinders social mobility . . ) and is something the us could absolutely fix . .  yes , there is alot of stuff fucked up here . 
  but it still has a stable and ( mostly ) functioning democracy in all the ways which are important , graft is not a significant problem , our utilities are dependable , we have a good system of education ( albeit pricy ) , our hospitals are amongst the best in the world ( the bills are another issue ) , people here generally have a fair degree of disposable income and can enjoy a relatively decent standard of living ( as compared to , say , someone in median income in the swaziland , thailand , or china ) now lets be clear , we are n't comparing the us to swaziland , thailand or china , they are all developing states . 
  the poorest person in the us is massively better off than the average north korean , but that really is n't the point . 
  the point is that a lot of access ( to health , education , justice and so on ) is limited by cost , to the point of unavailability in some cases . 
  that is a problem . 
  you point out that the us has some of the best hospitals in the world and whilst true , that is also true for places like the uk , france and germany , except there , everyone has access to those great hospitals and doctors . . ( and under three very different health systems too . . ) . 
  we have political and social freedoms , the police might shoot you dead but they wont rob you ... etc. 
  again , we are comparing first world countries so you wo n't find one where the police rob you ( hell , that 's not common in most places . . ) . 
  but the us has issues with asset forfeiture , arrest as a punitive measure , lack of access to speedy trials , a mechanism of plea-bargaining that other countries look on in horror , more prisoners than anywhere in the world , held in worse conditions than any other first world country . . that is pretty awful when compared to first world countries . 
  your apparent qualifications for ` first-world status ' seem to be limited largely to what an individual can get from the state . 
  i do n't think that 's right at all . 
  no of course not , my qualifications are what exist in most first world states and what is lacking or oddly broken in the us . 
  those things that are broken , and where access is limited , is more like the systems you see in developing states . 
  china has great hospitals , schools , housing and utilities , if you can afford them . .  there are plenty of places in the developing world where the state will help you out well and there exists social welfare , but the country is nevertheless not a 1st world country ( e.g. 
  indeed , and it is n't just about state provision , it is about a standard of living . 
  and if you are comparing those , things like access to good general practice medicine , access to justice , employment and consumer protections , civil liberties and so on are relevant and important . 
   i understand where you 're coming from , but i do n't know if you 've ever actually lived in the developing world ( i grew up there ) and actually know what the difference is for people in the 1st world and developing world on a day to day basis . 
  by any reasonably objective standard ( yours is not , by the way , reasonably objective ) , the us is a first world country . 
  i 've lived in europe , asia and the us so yeah , decent balance of experiences , but again i 'm not claiming the us is n't first world , but that there is a serious drop in terms of standard of living when you drop below a certain income point ( and life seems to become exponentially harder and more expensive at that point too , even though you have fewer resources and time . . ) . 
  stumbles over ` it ' and ` how ' but is fine with ` concerted ' , ` unprecedented ' , ` aroused ' , ` curiosity ' , ` consecutive ' ... 
  but perfectly understandable . 
   they can all vote here , and have `` high commissions '' rather than embassies . 
  this is something that seems to confuse people quite a bit . . 
  if you are an eu citizen , you can vote in local , assembly ( so scottish parliament . . ) and eu elections when living in the uk , but you ca n't vote in general elections or parliamentary by-elections if you are a commonwealth citizen you can vote in all uk elections ( and that includes citizens from fiji and zimbabwe who are currently suspended from the commonwealth . . ) . 
  with the exception of ireland , who are not in the commonwealth , but can vote in everything too . . 
  these rules are also interesting when it comes to who is eligible to stand in elections , security clearances , and a slew of other things . 
  well , yes . . 
  is it ? 
  why ? 
  the us has more prisoners than anyone else , holds them in worse conditions than any other ` first world ' country , it does n't have comprehensive primary and secondary medical coverage for everyone ( even with obamacare . . ) , access to mental health is non-existent , employment protections are poor , consumer protections are n't much better . . 
  there is a fairly decent chunk of the us population that is n't on a par with others in first world countries , and when you compare specific groups those in the us are often significantly worse off . . would you be better off unemployed in the us or in germany/france/the uk ? 
  would you face better conditions in prison or have a better level of access to justice in the us or in germany/france/the uk ? 
  that carries on with healthcare , education and so on .
