  if people think they can get to the uk , get accommodation , money , education and basically a new start in life , that is going to be attractive , even if it is n't true . 
  you do n't need to throw people out of their homes , you would need to build , manage , maintain and police some emergency accommodation though . 
  it 's about providing temporary places for people to live whilst their cases are processed and they are either granted asylum , deported , or held pending deportation . . 
  i 'm not sure what cameron 's views have to do with it , his approach to public spending priorities , welfare , immigration and a host of other things are n't exactly things that i agree with . . 
  but i do agree that the eurozone needs to be in a position to support its members properly , it needs mechanisms in place to deal with differences between members ( ireland is doing well right now , greece not so much . . you need mechanisms to balance that within the eurozone ! ), 
  and all the other issues ( and benefits . . ) that come with currency union . 
  but it 's inappropriate for the uk as a non-member , and the uk should n't have to be tied into that as part of the eu , outside of the eurozone . 
  i think you miss the point , the uk does n't want to be part of the currency union , it is the view of quite a lot of people in the uk that it 'd be bad for the country compared to the pound . 
  so surely making sure the eu works for both eurozone and non eurozone countries is the right thing to do ... 
  the uk is part of the imf , it supports its neighbours when in need , but it does n't need to be tied into the eurozone and eu institutions should n't be geared toward one group more than the other . 
  in short , the eurozone needs to build the institutions and frameworks it needs rather than trying to bludgeon the existing institutions into doing what a subset of countries need them to do . 
  surely you can see that a separation between the two is more useful to all . 
   according to rumors mr. varoufakis seems to be the only european ( apart from you , sir ) who believed that a central bank have unlimited power on monetary policy , until people find out that you 've got to have something ( infrastructure , gold reserve , etc ) to back up drachma otherwise you are just printing toilet paper . 
  no , i agree you 'd be printing toilet paper . 
  but if you can repay debt in toilet paper ( which by the way , greece could n't , debt being denominated in euros ) it becomes a different proposition . 
  i 'm not saying that massive printing of money is a good idea , or that playing with interest rates wildly is better than properly managing an economy , i 'm saying these are all tools that eurozone countries do n't have that make bail outs and transfers necessary . .  the russians attached their currency to crude oil and look what happened when oil price freefalling . 
  right , but again , not relevant . 
  what is relevant is whether the uk could realistically end up in a position where it ca n't pay its debts because it does n't have the money and needs someone else to provide it . 
  that simply cant happen with sterling denominated with a publicly owned boe that controls the money supply ... or to put it another way , countries that still control their monetary policy can utterly screw themselves ( like russia , or argentina etc. . ) but on the plus side , they wo n't run out of currency whilst doing it . . 
   the day scotland leaves the uk , scotland will also leave the eu , and as long the uk is in the eu it will be pretty hard to re-enter the eu for the scots so i guess a bretix will not counter the scottish ambitions . 
  scotland ca n't re-enter the eu as a constituent country of the uk though ... 
  it 'd have to demand and run an independence referendum to be in that position , then it would need to apply and be accepted as an eu member . 
   if cameron really wants the uk to stay in the eu maybe he should not openly say that he is going to lead the campaign supporting a brexit . 
  he has only hinted at being part of the exit campaign under certain conditions . . his position on eu membership however is hardly in doubt ( in , with reform ... ) . 
  if he comes out and says he 's had to change his mind and will be leading an out campaign you might have something , but as of now , the position of the pm , government and the majority of the opposition is still ` in ' . .  a closer union is what many people are so afraid of , what people want is more representation and gradual transformation ( to a closer union indeed ) , now it is top down demands without any kind of shared identity or acceptance . 
  but indeed it should lead to better reforms , lisbon was pretty bad , but it is even worse to see how even the small good things of lisbon are gradually taken down . 
  yup , this basically comes down to the squandering of political capital and indeed ignoring very moderate concerns about the eu . 
  it would n't have cost our various political leaders much to move forward with the project hand in hand with the public , rather than doing it ` to ' our respective countries . .  it destroyed the whole european idea , it made a gradual well-thought project into a whirlwind of reforms just with the aim to make money on a short term , the more new member states the better , they did not think anymore about the long term . 
  so i do think , and i do advocate , that we should bring it back to smaller regions , let these regions integrate with each other , and then these integrated regions can integrate with other regions . 
  together they can decide what kind of government or political structures they want to have . 
  not sure i entirely agree with your analysis , but i think you certainly encapsulated the feeling in quite a few parts of the eu ... and your solution , whilst not my ideal is certainly better than the current situation . 
   indeed there were n't imminent danger to the current situation but the not-so-distant fiasco in scotland and greece just sort of proved my point . 
  what ` not-so distant fiasco in scotland ' ? 
  are you talking about ? 
  i was after a scenario not the random naming of countries ...  to elaborate the topic let 's just imagine it happens again and i doubt the treasury or english taxpayers would be in much support or capable of another similar rescue plan and at the end of the day you have to choose between chinese , saudi banks and the ecb . 
  my chip is on the ecb . 
  unless you are betting on the americans i think cameron is effectively denying himself this option . 
  why would n't english taxpayers or the boe be capable of another rescue plan ? 
  the boe literally prints sterling and government owns the bank , government can ( and would . . ) nationalise banks if it needed too , it can modify interest rates etc. . 
  compare this to say , ireland or greece who could n't bail out their massively over-indebted financial institutions without the assistance of third parties , like the ecb and other eurozone and eu countries or the international monetary fund ( imf ) ... 
  so just to be clear , you are calling lend lease a bail out ? 
  an dyou think that 's a relevant comparison to say , the woes of greece , or ireland after the 2008 crash ? 
  on that basis had n't we better look at why the uk needed it and see if that constitutes a bail out too , or are you going to recategorise that as the uk meddling with another european project . . 
   in the age of international banking , of whom many were more wealthy than sovereign states , you have to give one or two thinking about the scenario of bailing out the bank of england . 
  the bank of england is state owned , the uk borrows and can print money ... sure , the uk could crash its own economy and basically screw itself massively if it mismanaged everything , but it has a massive advantage over euro states because it can set interest rates and issue money ... 
  the whole notion of ` bailing out ' countries is something that has come about because of arrangements like the eurozone , i 'd love you to give a single plausible scenario where a country that controls the issuing of its own currency , and that borrows in that currency would need to be bailed out in the way that an eurozone country might ... 
   that would have my vote , i might even become pro-eu again . 
  i 'd want to see the detail again , even as someone who leans to the left quite severely i find the eus regulatory approach less than ideal . 
   david cameron : the british pm who almost lost scotland [ and can still lose it ] and who leads whatever is left of the uk out of the eu . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , scotland will leave with it ( and them there is a possibility that scotland will demand a new referendum , which might lead scottish independence ) . 
  there is certainly no guarantee , and obviously cameron wants the uk in the eu and scotland as part of the uk ... 
  so i 'm not entirely sure of the relevance so far . 
   regardless , i hope this whole bretix discussion will lead to a better eu where everyone can benefit from and know what it means , a total destruction of it will not help anyone ofc . 
  to be fair , even a brexit is n't going to cause the total destruction of the eu ( or uk for that matter ) and even for the most fervent supporters of the eu project , it should at least be seen as a catalyst for reform and provide more freedom for closer union between states that want it . 
   without the uk the eu will be totally dominated by germany . 
  many countries wo n't like this certainly the countries orientated for the anglo-saxon alliance ( think of the netherlands and some of the scandinavian countries ) . 
  i 'm not so sure about this , i think it may lead to more cooperation to counter germany by smaller countries and that may well be a good thing too . .  in my opinion the eu has to ` restart ' with certain focus areas . 
  regions as uk benelux scandinavia and france are clearly better organized then the rest of europe . 
  do n't abolish the eu but give this ` better organized ' region more specific benefits where other countries can work to , they already have benefits because they are eu member state but not the gold membership , the new eu member state can only fully benefit when they clearly meet all demands . 
  the problem is n't capacity , it is n't who is better organised or where governance is better , it is n't even about economic performance or potential , it is about self determination across the eu . 
  people in the eu have to be brought along in a more solid way and actually decide what they want the eu to be in a more complete way than at the moment , whether that is federalisation or something else . 
  the current crisis driven approach will only continue to drive wedges between states and leave the eu with substandard institutions ( and obviously that is a fault of the member states , given they are the eu !, 
   however , i think cameron is mistakenly too confident that the uk would never , never in need of a bailout . 
  it 's not like the british economy is managed to always avoid such a situation . 
  when has the uk ( as a country . . ) had to be bailed out by other countries ? 
  i mean , the uk has had to bail out its own banks in the past and god knows the uk has had the odd crisis ( including the disaster that was the erm and black wednesday ) . 
  but i think it 's fairly clear cut that the risks within a currency union are massively greater . . 
   well in my head at least ( i could be wrong tho ? ), 
  i was thinking it was something on a yearly basis for example or some period like this ; which means while the first contract would n't be necessarily beneficiary , if you get a second or third it becomes a net gain . 
  indeed , but its still a major disincentive unless your company is specifically looking at public sector contracts and does something the public sector tenders for regularly ( lots of public sector contracts are small things , one offs , random acquisitions etc. . it 's not all it contracts and defence equipment after all ! ) . 
  so if there is a cost to bid , for a * small * firm , it would likely put them off bidding in the first place ( even if they could offer the best value ) . 
  obviously if it costs money for you to be able to bid effectively ( to get this mark ) then you 'd be more invested in public sector contracts . . but i 'm not sure that 's a net benefit really and it does reduce competition . 
   then it could also open potentially open the door to other things than just immediate gov contracts i dunno . 
  it could , but it 's a bit weird really that you 'd have a special ` i 'm paying my taxes ' badge , its essentially saying that tax authorities ca n't deal with it and its just as open to abuse as the various tax systems can be . 
  and yes , none of this is very certain yet , it 's a vague proposal not something firm , but i can absolutely see it being used to stifle competition and advantage the very same firms that can afford to throw money at accountants to get around national tax systems ( whereas it really is n't worth the cost or effort for me to do it . . ) . 
  this is one of those things that starts off sounding great and ends up with smaller players getting screwed over by larger ones . 
  but lets see what they come up with this time . . 
   sorry to be that rude , but filling paperwork ( or paying an accountant/human ressources services to do it ... ) is part of the cost of running a business . 
  i completely agree , as is paying tax . 
  and no-one is suggesting otherwise . 
   if you ca n't do it or ca n't even get hired accountants to do it , you should not be running a business yourself . 
  i agree , but we are n't talking about filing accounts or doing small business taxes here , we are talking about an undefined process for verifying a business operates in a certain manner . 
  that can cost lots of money and is often linked to income . 
  so for example , for a small firm , you may not require an audit of your accounts , that keeps your costs down and means you need to turnover less to remain a viable business . 
  however , if you are offering a kite mark like this one , you might decide to create a requirement for an audit by an independent auditor , after all that would mean your accounts are accurate and someone other than you verifies them . 
  that can be expensive , far beyond the costs that you need to just run a small business . 
  a large business ( or one turning over more than a certain amount ) may need that anyway , but small businesses do n't so your kitemark is suddenly costing you the cost of an audit , but for a larger firm that costs is already dealt with . 
  so . . do you see what i am getting at ? 
   well ; it 's the usual excuse when corporations want an excuse not to do something : `` it 's going to costs us money and the country will bankrupt '' . 
  i found it that it was rarely rooted in reality . 
  right , and it 's also a real risk . . 
  most firms are small , do n't engage in tax evasion or dubious practices , surely the idea would be to help them continue to do that , not add a regulatory burden that disincentives behaviour you actually want to encourage . 
  after all , would you prefer small government contracts fulfilled by small local firms , or have them grouped together and dealt with by serco because the regulatory system makes it harder for small firms to compete . 
   and you want me to believe the company 's net profit for the entire month was only # 500 ? 
  no . . where am i saying that ? 
  i 'm sayin that the value of that contract might only be # 500 , if you have to spend # 500 , # 1000 or # 2000 to deal with the extra regulatory burden then you would n't bother would you ? 
  you 'd leave it to a larger company that is bidding on multiple contracts . . 
   well yeah paying your taxes and not frauding do involve a cost . 
  yes . . but as the article says , this would involve more information and go beyond simply paying tax . 
  if it were automatic and did n't come with additional costs then great , but if it does come with costs ( which happens a lot when you look at these kinds of regulations . . ) it can harm smaller firms .
