  when it comes to the ` ghost cities ' there is a bit of a trend . 
  the newly urbanised area tends to stay depopulated , investors sit on the flats they have put money in until the communist party induces businesses to move to the city , either by offering tax incentives , finance , opening a new branch of a university , extending a metro or rail out to the city , providing benefits , such as free transport , low rents or even free rents . 
  the investors are then in a position to book a return for decades . . and this will continue to work as long as china continues it 's urbanisation trend . 
  if it does n't then the country has bigger issues than a marginal real-estate collapse . . 
  the ` property bubble ' really is n't one , and even if it were , it 'd be less of an issue as it is state organisations borrowing money from state banks issues by the state ...  however , they hold substantial amounts of debt from state companies , often ones that are not efficient enough to survive on their own . 
  again , not really . . look at the investment rules in china as well as the output of those inefficient state companies and its hardly a picture of a corrupt state finance system propping up a failing and inefficient state industrial base . 
   it would not be a mortgage crisis , but rather , a crisis caused by a different sector of the economy that caused these commercial loans to become non-performing in my opinion . 
  i can sort of agree with that to a degree , that is to say that if there is a problem in china in the near future , it 'll be different from the 2008 crisis . 
  people are keen to see parallels between chinas housing and the us bubble ( and it really was mostly a us bubble . . ) and expect the same failures even under different regulatory conditions and obviously an utterly different real-estate and ownership landscape . 
  that is n't going to happen , if there is a failure it 'll be something else , and it 'll be nasty . .  although , western central banks do this as well . 
  the crisis was not a product of intentional rate manipulation but that is always a tool western central banks use as well . 
  for instance the fed is talking about a rate increase , but it is caught between a rock and a hard place . 
  so many developing economies rely on us dollar financing , and many companies in developing economies are already having difficulty paying their usd loans . 
  so raising rates would only exacerbate this . 
  but i do see a rate increase in the relatively near future . 
  western central banks do , but at least for the moment , the chinese government has far , far more control and leeway to manage the renmenbi than the fed has over the dollar ( well , except where it comes to inflation possibly . . ) . 
   i agree with your last paragraph . 
  and as of now china still does fairly heavily rely on exports . 
  but that is changing , although i think there will have to be several currency revaluations before this is fully realized . 
  there have to be and that 's only going to boost chinese internal markets and probably ( fingers crossed . . ) boost chinese imports . 
   i think china has done a lot of things right . 
  but i would say there have been some blunders , like using real estate as an engine for growth ( at least how it was done there ) . 
  i really do think you have this backwards , i think we are seeing the need for wealth storage being used to provide needed housing . 
  if there was a glut of it generally , or the government were less authoritarian i might agree with you , but honestly , it 's investment drive , but that investment is coming ( much like japan in the 80 's ... ) from export growth and now internal market growth . . one last thing i 'd add is that there are massive differences in outlook between the us and china in terms of time scales on returns . 
  that is quite important when looking at the position of small investors ( and there are an absolutely huge number of those in china now . ) . 
  anyway . . 
  i think that 's quite enough of a screed . . 
   you say that it is important that people in the uk share your values . 
  how do you feel about lgbt rights ? 
  i see them as human rights . 
  but again , i did n't say i expect everyone to believe the same things as me but rather whether they have similar values , to a certain extent that does include tolerance and respect for other people . .  because 76 % of uk people think that homosexuality should be accepted by society and 60 % think that gay people should be allowed to marry their partner . 
   compare this to british muslims ; 0 % of british muslims believe homosexuality to be `` morally acceptable '' and 61 % believe homosexuality should be illegal . 
  yeah , that 's not great , but i see the much larger number of brits that have a problem with lgbt rights as much of an issue as the larger proportion ( but smaller number ) of muslims that have issues here too . 
  the cross over with religiosity seems to be the issue there almost as much as anything else though . 
   it is also misleading to say that british religiosity is declining , christianity may be declining but islam is growing stronger . 
  younger muslims are more religious and more conservative than their elders . 
  which again , might be relevant if there were similar numbers of christians and muslims in the uk , but there are n't . . 
  there are 5x as many atheists in the uk as there are muslims right now and that proportion will continue to grow . 
  by every measure , the uk is getting less religious , not more . 
  are there more radicals now , quite possibly , is that limited to muslims ? 
  not really ... 
  i do n't think that 's a good thing , but there is n't much i 'd do about it . . 
   that said , if certain events happen i think they will be facing some serious challenges . 
  one being a possible real estate bubble . 
  much of the empty units were built with state funding . 
  i 'd agree with that assessment , although the rapid urbanisation that frankly has been more rapid than i think even the chinese government thought was possible will probably absorb much of that , whether it brings the investors ( that last batch of better of chinese . . ) the kinds of returns they are hoping for is a different question , although i ca n't see it crashing . . 
  there does n't seem to be a bubble in real-state , so much as there are spikes in certain areas ( and that is n't new , if you look at hong kong pre-1997 you see the same developing . . ) . 
   chinese state banks are massive , on a scale we are nowhere near in the west . 
  indeed , hsbc is the western behemoth and it 's a good 25 % smaller than any one of the large chinese state banks , but then again i would point at is the assets that chinese state , development and indeed commercial banks hold , it 's vast , its diverse and it is n't based on mortgage lending ... 
  it 's obviously possible for it all to go pear shaped , but at the same time , between asset holdings , reserve requirements and the chinese economy ( and through that state backing ) i think it 's a really hard to make the comparison to the us bailouts . 
   bailing out us banks was a huge strain on the us . 
  this is despite the fact its gdp is larger than china 's and its banks are smaller . 
  so i see that as a potential challenge , but it really depends on how the global economy performs whether it becomes a reality in my opinion . 
  the really interesting point should be the fact that the us collapse and subsequent global credit crunch had a very different impact to the controlled ` credit crunch ' that the chinese government essentially created to cool off their economy . 
  essentially the basis of these economies , especially in terms of investment and finance is really quite different , as is the direction of responsibility . 
   and it seems the eu is moving back into growth . 
  well , yeah , but meagre growth at best and with continued issues with wages , public spending , investment and to a lesser extent trade . . 
  in fact if you look at recent eu economic indicators it looks like china is a pretty big winner . 
  especially in the case of the uk . .  so all that looks good for china . 
  but in my opinion it has certain massive potential problems that could become massive real problems depending on how the economies china exports to fare . 
  i think it all comes down to how quickly and robustly china can build it 's internal markets and secure access to resources in african and the middle east . . 
  it seems pretty clear now that china is heavily embedded in the global economy , it is not just a cheap exporter ( and really never was . . ) , it has a lot more value than just labour too . 
  we 'll see where this next step takes us , but so far the mixture of being huge , disciplined and cautious seems to have worked pretty well ,, 
   the official sovereign debt levels look fairly healthy , but if you look at the entire picture it is much less so . 
  sort of , but not really ( because if you look at it from that perspective you should probably look at assets and indeed growth too ) . 
  china 's investments , even if you take a very pessimistic view , are performing well in absolute terms , and even if they failed utterly in financial terms , the nature of the investment is still bringing value to the state . . 
  in short , i do n't think you can seriously look at china and be concerned either at holdings or at debt levels on a national scale . . 
  the issues are largely subnational at the province level , but even there they are more than manageable . 
   funny fact is that citizens of eu from ex-communist countries were not allowed to work in germany . 
  now non-eu refugees are given this right . 
  i was under the impression that all eu citizens are free to work in germany now , are there still restrictions in place for some recent members ? 
  that is pretty broad . 
  if i were you i 'd either look at something reasonably specific that there is a lot of discussion about already with measurable impacts etc. . ( working time directive for example , because you can talk about implementation and impact from a few different angles ) . 
  if you want something much larger and more interesting the work towards creating the single digital market may be worth it , there are lots of issues and disagreements there ( or any of the single market elements really . . ) . 
  if you are interested in the eu 's approach to space , it 's probably important to note that esa is n't an eu agency or body , but eu space policy pushes working with esa to achieve the eu 's goals ( [ take a look here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_policy_of_the_european_union ) and [ here ] ( http://spacenews.com/tough-sledding-for-proposed-esa-reorganization/ ) - there is a lot on that too . 
  if you live in the uk you have access to condoms for free from nhs contraception clinics , sexual health clinics , some gp surgeries and some now privately run services ( walk in centres etc. . ) . 
  to be really , really clear , most types of contraception are available for free in the uk and contraception is free to all women and men through the nhs . 
  places where you can get contraception include ( but are not exclusively . . ) : gp surgeries , community contraception clinics , genitourinary medicine ( gum ) clinics , sexual health clinics ( who will also offer contraceptive and sti testing services ) , some young people 's services and university health services . 
  you can also call the sexual health line on 0300\u00a0123\u00a07123 for more information and to find out what is available to you as well as free confidential information and advice on sexual health ... 
  to be fair i ca n't imagine germany , france or the uk taking orders from the ep either . . 
  ah , the elected government of the eu ? 
  what 's that then . . 
  the one thing you can ( mostly ) vote for in the eu , is n't the thing with any power within the structure . . 
  frankly i do n't think that would be good basis for a ` superstate ' even if the notion of a superstate were a good idea , rather than a potential catastrophe . . 
   i voted for my meps so how was that undemocratic ? 
  given the marginal role of meps in european institutions , i 'm not really sure how voting for them makes the eu democratic . . meps ca n't even initiate legislation , they ca n't really scrutinise the other institutions or have any direct input on the future of the union ... 
  the last attempt to make the eu more democratic was the whole ` elected president ' malarkey and we saw how that went and just how democratic it was ( and it was hailed as a victory for democracy too !, 
   it is true that at the moment only 5 % of the uk population is muslim but one in ten children under the age of five in the uk is muslim , the muslim population is growing much faster than everyone else . 
  right , but that birthrate is falling , and the number of people ditching religion is growing . . not to mention that those 9 out of each 100 children under 5 that identify as muslim also come from a community that disproportionately identifies as british , and of course these muslims are n't all recent immigrants either ... oh and whilst the muslim population is growing faster as a proportion of the population than any other , it should be really clear that it is n't growing at anything like the same rate as even the next largest group ... * edit : not sure my key point is clear , so i 'll add that here - i do n't think it 's really all that important , in a country where religiosity is declining what that demographic looks like . 
  what i care about is whether the people in the uk , whether they are born here or elsewhere , whether they are muslim , christian , jew , atheist or whatever , have similar values to me ... *, 
   no you fuck , international companies pay high prices to have an office in london because it is part of the eu and an english speaking country . 
  right , and they all left when the uk did n't join the eu initially , and then left again when the uk did n't join the eu and now they will leave again ... come off it , the uk is a centre for global finance , not eu finance . 
  it 's not going anywhere in the near future , regardless of what the uk does in relation to the eu . 
  and whilst we are at it , the uk is 20 % of the common market , it is a huge chunk of german , french and italian exports ( and more . . ) , the uk leaving the eu would n't mean sudden economic isolation , because no-one can afford that ... 
   a brexit might leave to scottland leaving gb , also causing england to lose its oilfields probably not though , especially if there is a negative knock on to the eu of an exit . 
  the argument being made about scotland and a second indyref is based on quite a few ` ifs ' and by no means sound . 
  scotlands future remains in the hands of people in scotland ( which is as it should be . . ) . 
   most important part : pretty much every international bank / insurance company / financial company with interest in the eu will relocate their basis of operation ( dublin or hamburg ) , or leave altogether . 
  and the bank and banking related sector is the single biggest contributor to englands gdp , employing a huge percentage of the population . 
  that is simply not going to happen .
