   that 's all well and good . 
  acting as though the european project is n't supposed to be about constantly bringing europe closer to unity is just dishonest , however . 
  the european project is about whatever we want it to be about . 
  if most of us want to go in a particular direction then so be it , but we do all get a choice as to whether we follow and we should all make our case for the direction we want . 
  mostly tax credits , which actually seems pretty reasonable given what they are supposed to be for and they are in work benefits . . 
  i get the impression cameron is dodging the difficult issues and going for the low hanging fruit . 
   the t&c can never remove my rights granted under german law . 
  that 's the thing . 
  indeed , and i never suggested they could , but the entire agreement is based on english law ... 
  which is exactly what i said , and you claim is n't a thing . 
  a company ca n't break the law in germany , you can sue them in pretty much any jurisdiction you want , but your agreement is based on the law of a particular jurisdiction and will be dealt with as such ... 
   not having a credible party with euroskeptic opinions is a failure of the british democracy , not the eu forcing anything on the uk . 
  i entirely agree , but that does n't really change anything ...  people have n't been dragged , they are that democracy that voted to ratify the various treaties . 
  well they have , just not by the eu , but by their own political system . .  it 's good it 's finally getting out in the sun as you said , we should probably have had this discussion quite some time ago , but from what other british users tell it seems that the eu is only a talking point in the british politics when politicians are looking for a scapegoat ... that 's somewhat true , but not entirely and a lot less so in the last 5 years or so . . 
  there is real anger at our membership now from various directions , not just the sort of mock outrage at regulations that you might be led to believe is the norm . 
   nevertheless , if we were to get rid of them , the breaks would go too . 
   then we 'd have to start again . 
  why it 's all translated into uk legislation too , that 's how it is law here . . 
   every time i bought anything online , or interacted with anything online , to this point in time , german law applied to me . 
  right , and depending on how you bought the thing , how you paid for it etc. . you may also have been subject to the civil law of another jurisdiction ( you 'd have agreed to it in the t&c s for a sale ) . 
  and of course german law applied to you if you were in germany , you ca n't excuse yourself from local law ...  even facebook , technically an irish company , has for people of my state a completely different tos than for the rest of the eu . 
  great . 
  that 's nice , i do n't use facebook so i have no idea , but if we look at the [ german paypal user agreement ] ( https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/useragreement-full?locale.x=de_de ) you will note : * 4.3 rechtswahl und gerichtsstand . 
  * ... that the agreement and the relationship between you and paypal would be governed by english law , and that really is n't an anomaly . 
   and that 's the way it 's supposed to be : for every contract , the legal system that protects the least powerful partner in the contract has to apply . 
  i 'm not sure that is the case , and even if it were , why would you assume german law would do that ? 
  interesting , i realise people like to attribute much of that to the eu , but lets face it , those rights were n't gifts from the eu they are the product of a long , hard fight by trade unions , much like the many other employment protections that the uk has had since well before the eu existed . 
  i would n't thank the eu , i 'd go and join a union . . 
  but people really seem to have forgotten that . 
  but things change , and people seem to forget that too . 
  maybe it 's time ( given the massive confusion and disagreement ) to reaffirm and reassess what europe is for . 
  keeps everything relevant and obvious . 
   many workers here have no idea that the eu is the reason we have such nice breaks . 
  sorry , which nice breaks are you referring to here ? 
  it is n't obvious in the context of the thread ( and so i do n't know whether to applaud you or berate you . .  ), 
  well obviously that set  britain gets civil law , schengen and the euro . 
  is in no way worth the benefits that would be gained , would be politically impossible even if it it were so the uk would have neither . 
  seems simple enough . 
  i think the argument is that no-one should have power to force anyone one way or another . . 
   that seems like a damn clear `` or else '' to me . 
  if you think so . 
  bit it 's a pretty mild one then . . 
   i can find myself agreeing on some points , but i wonder what changes would you like to see ? 
  broadly i 'd like to see looser union and less regulatory drive . 
  i 'd like to see free trade , free movement with diversity in approaches to policy and regulation ... 
  essentially we do n't need the homogenisation of the eu and we should n't all be driving for the same outcome . 
  political union is something that may be a by-product of that , not something to strive for on its own . . 
  so you can probably see why it does n't quite hit the mark . . 
  not at all , you ca n't ignore local law , but you can make an agreement as to what law applies to a particular contract . . you do that every time you buy anything online . . 
  i agree that it 's a failure of the british political system , but it 's still the case . 
  it takes a lot of time to make an impact on electoral politics in the uk and it 's incredibly hard on single issues , which is why eu membership has been more of a fringe issue , realistically the rise of ukip and the framing of the issue has pushed it to the fore ... and whilst you are right that if the people really wanted to leave the eu , they should have stopped voting for labour , the conservatives , and lib dems , but they probably wanted to leave the eu less than they wanted to see unions scrapped , or welfare increased/decreased or whatever else ... 
  essentially it 's been a factor that has been growing , but not enough to get above the big issues of economy , social policy and so on . . 
   some britons imagine a future in which trade within the commonwealth replaces what is lost from the eu . 
  but most realise that uk eu trade is massive for both sides and still will be after an exit ... 
  i was n't going to go there but yeah ... 
  that 's about the only guaranteed thing . . 
  it 'll be very interesting to see how far eu institutions and officials go in making the case too . . 
   would you say it is likely that the conservatives are going to be satisfied with minor changes to the eu ? 
  i 'm not a conservative so i do n't know , but i do n't think so . 
  / u/trucidator would probably be able to give you a better answer , although obviously the conservatives are split internally between their sceptic and non-sceptic wings . . 
  i doubt that most people who currently see themselves as euro-sceptic would though , and obviously it does little or nothing for those on the left . . party loyalty will also only go so far . 
   it 's actually a very good example , because it illustrates how all member states may be affected in a single market when a single state fails to properly do its own job . 
  well that and an indication that even with regulation in place , there can be failures , so it 's an example in either direction really . . iceland could hardly have acted in any other way and survived , so it 's pretty immaterial . 
  consumers were protected though and the money came back to the regulators . .  i 'm all for a single market in financial and other services , and i 'm frustrated that the one we have is still incomplete and dysfunctional , but the assumption that it can work on the `` honour system '' , without some sort of higher supervisory authority above the individual member states and without agreeing on basic standards offends my intelligence . 
  because that is daft , but it does n't have to be all harmonisation and direct integration either and the usual killer , regulation that applies to inter-eu trade should be the default for domestic trade and services , that 's essentially what the issues are about anyway . . 
   well , it does seem we 've come upon a time of being tested , does n't it ? 
  it 's probably even more true for other parts of the world . 
  indeed , although there does seem to be a constant pressure to try and delay and postpone wherever possible . 
   if you want to sell products or somehow make business in germany , or belgium , or denmark , you will follow local laws . 
  no exception . 
  yes ...  the same reason why local data privacy laws apply to google or facebook , german financial regulation also has to apply to british banks . 
  indeed . 
  but lets be clear , if say a german firm , wants to enter into a contract with a spanish company on the supply of one item or service or another , they will come to an agreement on which law the contract should be based in ... you ca n't ignore the law of the country you are working in , but you can chose where you go to enforce contracts . 
   ah , so why have the referendum after the negotiations then , or is there something i have misunderstood . 
  because the government/conservatives etc. . ( who want the uk to stay in the eu ) will use it as a case for remaining in the uk . 
  if you look at polling , most people in the uk want to be part of a reformed eu , the government wants to show that this reform is happening before the vote . .  the likely hood of anything treaty like passing in the current climate is very low . 
  so i cant see how britain plans to avoid having a scenario , where it votes to stay but ends up with no changes in the end , because a treaty failed to pass 2 or 3 years later . 
  indeed , and that should be a fairly major argument for leaving in the face of promises , or ambiguity , after all , it is n't reform if it can be blocked . .  what are you going to do then , have a new referendum ? 
  probably not , you 'll see euroscepticism continue to rise , it 'll mean that the uk ca n't ratify treaty changes ( which would trigger a new referendum ) and probably a few other things . 
  however the spin will be that people voted to remain part of the eu and that this gives the eu a mandate etc. . . 
  i ca n't see there being another referendum without some other trigger . 
   actually , most europeans do . 
  it 's cameron who says : `` do it as we want , or else ... '' there is no ` or else ' though is there , cameron is saying that he wants a negotiation and what he wants to achieve , because if that is n't achievable there is a good chance people in the uk will vote to leave . . 
  he is n't threatening anything , there will be a referendum , people will make a choice , it 's up to cameron ( who wants the uk in the eu ) to work with the eu ( who want the uk in the eu ) to show that it makes sense to the uk . . 
   it would be unfair to say the people have n't been consulted since then . 
  parliament , the people 's elected representatives , approved the eu treaties ... 
  the issue broadly is that there has been literally no way , at the national ballot box , to back parties that are credible and had a different view to the official government view on the eu in most instances . 
  essentially , the split on opinions and small majority toward the pro-eu position meant it was n't something that could be expressed in elections on the national stage . 
  however that led to the eu parliamentary elections from last year ( with ukip and eurosceptic successes ) and the large jump in vote share for ukip in the general election ( although without the seats you 'd expect if they had been more concentrated . . ) . 
  take that how you will , but i think , and most people would agree , that this was a decent reason to have the debate and a referendum - and i 'd note that the call for a referendum was far broader than support for leaving . .  it 's not fair to act as if the people of the uk have been dragged along against their will from the 70 's until now . 
  it is mostly fair to say that , but to also add that other issues have always been more important than the eu at the ballot box . . 
   hey , that worked out great with icelandic bank accounts ... that 's a daft example because consumers were protected ( by their own governments . . ) and the issues that arose resulted from regulatory failures in iceland , which is still paying for that failure and will clear the outstanding debt to depositors . . 
   i think the thing that everyone will have to accept is the two/multi-tier system on integration , and instead of seeing it as a ` technical tweak ' accept it as a simple fact and move on with that . 
  the problem is that there is real opposition to the two tier system if both tiers are n't see to be converging on a single target . 
  if there are large economies saying they 'd rather not sit in the fast stream , it creates credibility problems for the faster stream ... now it seems that some people think that by making it a binary choice ( in/out rather than fast/slow/out ) it will aid the faster creation of something akin to a federal europe because leaving would simply be too much of a risk ( and that is probably true for 20 ( ish ) of the current eu members , but it is n't for the larger economies ... ) . 
  and obviously that 'll end up being tested too . . 
  but at the end of the day , the decision now wo n't be with people who understand 90 % or potentially even 10 % of the technical stuff , it will be with people who have to sign up to a particular idea and future of europe ... 
  i think they already did that from us , so unless something happened that i missed , i think it 's all good . 
   it would be less confusing if it was n't `` britain '' but `` britons '' that were the most generous in the headline . 
  ooh , agree , and i like the term britons , and it does n't get used enough . .
