  sad really . 
  i 'm still not sure how much of an impact it 'd actually have on any vote or indeed on that one ( obviously it is hard to grab a single issue , or even area and extrapolate ) . 
  as a side note , i 'd actually be really interested to see whether the satisfaction with the eu within the snp has fallen in the same way as it has with the left more broadly in the uk , and whether there is any significant overlap between those who support independence for scotland and those who want to see the uk out of the eu - my point being that many of the arguments for scottish independence certainly seem to preclude ever further union ( or a federal eu . . ) . . 
  anyway ... 
  cheers . 
   it 'd be wrong of me to say the polls show 75 % in favour of staying vs 25 % to leave . 
  absolutely , i was aiming to counterpoint the ` stay ' figures with the eu stay figures and it did n't make sense - like i said , it was a mistake . . as to the issues , they were all interlinked ( and the eu question really came up twice , once in terms of eu membership and once in relation to the the continued use of the pound . ), 
  however on balance i think the questions about pensions , business , revenue generation and so on were far more relevant - the time i spent talking to people in scotland in the run up , the key discussion really did n't seem to be the eu - although the eu was pointed at as a solution to some of the problems independence could bring . . 
   if eu is ever going to be united as one nation then uk should just fall it the line if it wants to be part of united europe . 
  i think the uk wants to be part of a united europe , but not a constituent part of an eu nation state . 
  i do n't think it is alone in that either ( and i 'm pretty sure that support for that kind of move would be tiny in the uk ) . 
  you can hardly expect a government to go entirely against the wishes of it 's own people on a matter of self governance ...  it is same with wales in uk it will not get its power back because uk would not allow that unless they benefit from it or it is politically impossible to deny them . 
  except that wales , scotland and northern ireland have all seen devolution of powers to them because there has been demand from people in those areas . 
   i do not claim that but if uk want to enter the core of eu then it needs to be part of ez and other eu organizations same way as germany is . 
  but the uk very specifically does n't want to be a part of the euro because it does n't think it is in the interests of the uk ... are you now suggesting that it 's all or nothing , and that all is defined effectively by total political union in a federal ( or similar ) model . . because again , i doubt people in the uk ( and quite a few besides ) would n't sign up for that . .  and not look for loopholes that it can use to have less responsibilities . 
  ( every nation wants to do that but those who fully believe in `` european dream '' should not do it ) what the hell is the european dream ? 
  and i assume by loopholes you mean , agreements made with the eu ? 
   irish and danish opt out because it is possible same way as uk does and because of that they dont have that much political influence in eu ( same as uk ) as they are seen as `` opt outers '' that will not be worth of trust . 
  ( they originally had even less influence than uk so they are now pretty much ignored when some decisions are made ) again - who would want to be part of this eu , where negotiating with the group results in whole countries being ignored ? 
  again , i 'd argue that your view on this is wrong ( the uk , ireland and denmark all have influence ) but you seem to be slanting it as impossible because they do not flatly agree with ... well you ? 
   also your cameron crying that he doesnt like the new `` president '' made uk seem like crying child again . 
  even some of our newspapers titles were something like this : `` cameron whines that he doesnt like the new eu-president '' absolutely , cameron looked like a right tit and he should have known better ( he was n't going to win . . ) . 
  that said in retrospect he may have been right in terms of the person ...  basicly : if they dont bear their part of responsibilities then they are not worth much . 
  that is view point of those who follow eu laws and decision as close as possible . 
  ( here in finland , trust towards greece and uk pretty much gone and lot of people just hope that `` whiners '' will just leave the union . 
  even irish are seen more trustworthy ) but the uk does meet its obligations and responsibilities . 
  what you are suggesting is that the uk should take on a whole slate of additional responsibilities that it has n't agreed to and said quite clearly it does n't want to . 
  this is really important - and it 's worth repeating , the uk has n't signed up to cease being the uk and become a region in a federal eu , it 's not going to do that voluntarily unless there is popular support for it , and right now there is n't . 
   uk will do the same when their profits are in question , there is not a nation in this world that would not do things that hurt others for their own benefits . 
  why would the uk go out of the way to harm it 's own interests to try to ( badly ) make a point , after any point would be useful to make . ? 
  in all seriousness , the idea that this is fine , and the basis for any kind of union is absurd and slightly sickening . 
   but there is no point in being petty or damaging yourself to get back at another country . 
  political reasons rise above small scale problems . 
  i will not believe that eu would hold together if uk got out without some sort of `` penalty/punishment '' . 
   eu is political union and if it does waver from its unity then it will crumble and most serious threat to that is larger countries leaving the union . 
  the eu is n't that fragile , it would probably put the brakes on further union and may spur reform , but that is n't a bad thing . 
   do you think uk people would not be angry if scotland left uk ? 
  if not then you are delusional ( i cant find better word to describe it ) . 
  disappointed , sad , angry , jealous ... of course people in the uk would be to a certain extent . 
  but the idea that the reaction would be to try to sabotage scotland to keep wales and northern ireland and england in line is n't likely . 
  that ` punishment ' you keep suggesting would be neccesary for the uk if it left the eu , in the context of scotland would harm peoples relatives , brothers , sisters , business suppliers and all the rest of it . 
  so no , i do n't think the uk would thrown the kind of hissy fit you are suggesting the eu would have to throw ...  it is the same thing in eu if uk leaves . 
  there will be some % of people that will hate those who leave from their hearth while others think that it is ok . and i 'm less bothered about what people think and more bothered about your points on the need for the uk to be punished by eu institutions and that this is likely - because frankly i do n't think it is ... 
   can you explain your logic behind that one ? 
  i just dont find it reasonable in political landscape it would make the relationship between the eu and members change from one where it was about mutual consent and voluntary association to one that was distinctly not . 
  the idea of being forced to hand over sovereignty to a super-national entity is very different from handing it voluntarily and being able to get it back . 
   uk has hard time to change eu from inside if it doesnt join on any major eu thing that happen , bailouts etc. 
  the uk is part of lots of things that the eu does , just not the eurozone ( because it is n't in the uk 's interests . . ) or schengen ( because it 's an island . . ) . 
  claiming it should jump on to things like bail out funds for the eurozone is a bit odd . 
   if uk would have been more co-operative and not looked of exemptions for everything other eu-nations would have listened it more but not uk is seen just a angry kid who jumps up-and-down and threatens to leave when it doesnt get what it wants . 
  this has to be the most stupid reading of the situation i have come across . 
  do you think the uk should not act in it 's interests ? 
  should not do what it 's people want ? 
  do irish and danish opt outs also mean they are n't playing nice ? 
  when countries negotiate , it is always in balance with other countries interests , opt-outs are a way to compromise on needs not petulance . 
   for political reasons my dear political reasons . 
  no politician wants to admit that he/she made a good deal for their negotiation partner and not for his/her own people . 
  i think that there would be enough `` make their leave hurt '' - people in eu to make politicians wary about making uk-profiting deal . 
  ( at least publicly ) yes , politics comes into this , of course it does . 
  but it does n't explain it . . 
  if people in the eu seriously believe that people who want to leave should be hurt , their economies damaged , their citizens harmed and impoverished - not because that is a consequence of leaving , but as a punishment directed by the remainder ... then fuck the eu and everything it stands for . 
  now personally i do n't think the eu would act in this way , but frankly if it did , or appeared to do so it simply wo n't last . 
  the uk will still leave and i would predict that others would follow . 
   i think that uk would have been a dick if scotland leave . 
  i seriously dount it . .  for sure uk would have made proposals etc. 
  that would have tried to prevent scotland from developing any stronger . 
  ( less competition the better-thinking ) again , i do n't think so . 
  it would have been incredibly counter-productive . 
  the uk and scottish economies are incredibly integrated , it would hurt the uk and that at the end of the day , is pretty pointless . 
   and that is sure for all the other nations in the world , i cant think that uk \u00b4 s own benefit would not have been uk ` s priority when negotiating with independent-scotland . 
  of course it would , and the eu 's own benefit would be the priority in eu/uk negotiations too . 
  but there is no point in being petty or damaging yourself to get back at another country . .  i think that would be the result but it would hinder eu-citizens working possibilities in uk and that would lead in to less work-based immigration . 
  that could could uk \u00b4 s `` good jobs '' as they would run out of skilled foreign labor from eu if they didnt rise the salaries . 
  again , i do n't think the uk would have issues attracting immigrants as and when it needed them . 
  it would n't be as neat as free movement of people within the eu , but it 's perfectly possible . 
   also the worker shortage could be solved with visas etc. 
  but that would shut uk out of eu-free trade/movement area and that would basicly just prevent uk from grabbing all of the best people from eu and that is what germany and france want . 
  they want to have those talented people even if uk would suffer because of it . 
  again , there is a lot of talent in the us , canada , australia , india , china and so on that currently ca n't easily get into the uk . 
  if there is a serious issue , the uk would be able to solve that particular issue . 
  it would be far from catastrophic . 
  it would of course be incredibly amusing to watch those on the right of politics in the uk explain why we need to do it ( after years of arguing against ) but hey . 
  again , it would n't be catastrophic , it 'd be different . 
  one thing i will say is that this discussion really highlights something for me in terms of the aggression and anger some people seem to harbour about the possibility of a country leaving the eu and frankly it makes me really uncomfortable about the direction the eu is taking and the future it may have . 
  if the position you present is really one that the eu would display toward the uk within a campaign against the uk leaving , it would have a disastrous impact on the result ... 
  i would n't vote to be part of an eu that is petty , aggressive , angry and self-destructive , nor one that sees an act of self determination as treason ... 
   eu uncertainty was a massive part of the no campaign , it ca n't be just shrugged off as not really being a big deal i did n't say it was n't a big issue , i would say it was less important than quite a large number of other ones . 
   where are you getting that from ? 
  it 's more like ~ 50 stay , 25 leave , 25 do n't know you are absolutely right , it was 43 % as a combination of leave and unsure . 
   i will have to disagree with that part with passion . 
  if eu/ez doesnt make some kind of example out of uk if it leaves ( or any other who leaves first ) then other non-ez nations will not have any fear about leaving eu and that would result in a series of nations to leave eu . 
  that might have made sense 200 years ago , but it is absurd and harmful now . . 
  probably more importantly i 'm willing to bet it would do exactly the opposite of what you suggest , it would make countries more likely to leave , less likely to join and sew distrust . . and again , the uk should n't be part of a union on that basis ( essentially if that threat is made , i would bet it 'll make people in the uk keener to be out . . ) . 
   if uk will have hard time negotiating with eu after leaving eu then other smaller nations will not leave and only try to change eu from inside and that is what pro-eu people want . 
  the uk would rather try to change the eu from the inside out , the issue at the moment is that the wider eu seems disinterested . . 
  i 'm not sure that the uk government has done enough , but its in a bit of a catch 22 situation , you can hardly ( although people are going to try . . ) to sell the notion of remaining in the eu on the basis that it might change enough to be palatable , if people do n't think it is now . .  i would love to see uk follow that logic if/when scotland leaves uk  sure there would not be any `` punishment '' , right ? 
  i doubt it , it 'd be pretty counter-productive . 
  i 'd point out that the uk ( westminster government at least ) could just have not granted a referendum - that seems to be the approach in other countries with areas that want independence . 
  it did , and it would have respected a result either way . 
  i do n't think it would then try to harm a fledgling state on its northern border ...  if uk leaves i think that residence permits etc.
