  and the absurd thing is that it works really well for things that are n't popular but are ` right ' at critical times ( getting rid of the death penalty , not brining in insane laws in reaction to single incidents - mostly , reducing discrimination against minorities - if slowly ... ) . 
  but hey . 
  elections are where we pick our representatives , at that point they represent us and they are our responsibility . 
  coalitions will generally appear to have more support ( it 's why the 35 % figure seems common in winner take all systems with more than two parties . . ) , and merkels approval ratings are . . interesting for a number of reasons . 
  i simply find it incredible that one could suggest that an elected sitting president does n't represent the country they are elected in - opinions rise and fall , issues cause blips in popularity and so on , but to essentially attempt to marginalise a president in this way seems incredibly arrogant ... 
   meaning that a significant majority of the french public does not actually feel properly represented by him . 
  meaning that a significant majority of the french public do n't think he 's doing a good job ... and will likely kick him out at the next election ( at which point he wo n't represent them . . ) . 
  not quite the same thing and , as i said , the notion that you can just ignore the leader of a major economy on the basis of his approval rating when it is convenient is absurd and really quite arrogant ... 
  that link is also , pretty much completely broken ( which is a shame , because i wondered whether mixing alcohol and energy drinks was being compared to just alcohol , or to none at all ( i 'm betting on the latter by the way , but a link to the study , rather than a history of disneyland would be far more helpful ) . 
  seriously ? 
  you think the sale of energy drinks is the issue there ? 
  same in the uk with the conservatives and indeed syriza in greece !, 
  when will the madness stop !, 
  disagrees with germany ? 
  must not represent people in the country he is elected president of ... 
  seems reasonable . . 
  what ? 
  how is making a decision on your own status , the basis of self determination giving the middle finger to all europe ? 
   in georgia , the georgians were convinced that nato and the eu would back them up and because russia looked weak after the collapse of the warsaw pact they expected to be able to push them round . 
  sadly , they made a major miscalculation because mendelyev and putin were not at all adverse to flexing russian military muscles given provocation . 
  this seemed incredibly obvious from the reporting ( in the uk and germany at least ) at the time and seems almost lost in the current narrative about russia . 
  it 's amazing just how much of an impact russian moves in ukraine have had and indeed just how rapidly people are happy to paint everything in that context . 
  it 's arguably really unhelpful if we ever want to normalise relations with russia , but then again the feeling on that seems like it 's not an option anyway . 
   except it also `` literally makes the point '' that the kremlin and south ossettian rebels are partly to blame also ... 
  yes it does , in terms of build up , and in terms of conduct during and before the war , it has some pretty harsh things to say about pretty much everyone , especially as it relates to breaking agreements and so on . 
  but the report very explicitly answers the question of who started the war ... 
  i assume you accept that the start of the armed conflict between russia and georgia started when georgia shelled tskhinvali ? 
  because that is what the report says and , coincidentally what happened . 
  because obviously if you do n't accept that it seems pointless discussing who is responsible for what and why ( because i pretty much just referred to the initial comment about who kicked off a war , not about whether it was justifiable , appropriate or fair , nor did i talk about the quarter century beforehand . . ) . 
   and it is very sad to see that despite all this , eu still has no balls to openly name the guilty one . 
  the eu put together a massive report naming the guilty ones , it 's unfortunate that you feel it is n't putting enough blame on one party or another , but i suppose they are constricted by the reality of the situation and ca n't just go with whatever they think would work best politically in a given context, 
   the report also makes clear that the use of cluster bombs is against international law , which russia used . 
  indeed it does !, 
  the report is pretty scathing of everyone involved , although the use of cluster bombs in the conflict has little to do with who started what . .  the report also says that the russian invasion and massive use of force was n't proportionate to the artillery barrage . 
  mostly , to be very precise the relevant points are : * `` it is not possible to accept that the shelling of tskhinvali during much of the night with grad multiple rocket launchers ( mrls ) and heavy artillery would satisfy the requirements of having been necessary and proportionate in order to defend those villages . 
  it follows from the illegal character of the georgian military assault that south ossetian defensive action in response did conform to international law in terms of legitimate self-defence . 
  however , any operations of south ossetian forces outside of the purpose of repelling the georgian armed attack , in particular acts perpetrated against ethnic georgians inside and outside south ossetia , must be considered as having violated international humanitarian law and in many cases also human rights law . 
  '' * like i said , neither side came off well , although arguably an invasion to deal with the artillery and other georgian forces would have been proportionate if it were limited to that ...  but you omit important bits of information , which is the definition of cherry picking . 
  i 'm not omitting anything relevant to the question of who started the war , according to the report as referenced ... 
  it literally makes the point that georgia started it . . 
   they bring in army into sovereign country and you expect they just bend over right ? 
  no of course not . 
  and the report by the eu commission looked at the accusations that russia had been involved in a large scale move into georgia before the initial georgian artillery barrage , and found that this was n't the case . .  how many months passed until everyone believed there are russian soldiers fighting in ukraine ... 
  this is n't about ukraine , it is about russia and georgia , the situation is n't analogous , russia had forces in the region , there are separatists in the region , there was violence but both sides had been pushing each other , both sides broke agreements and both sides broke international law . 
  i 'm not taking sides , i 'm simply pointing out that according to independent reporting , georgia started the conflict with a massive artillery barrage , they massively escalated a simmering conflict , their response was disproportionate to the previous skirmishes . 
  again , not me , eu commission report ... 
  but if you need some sort of personal validation you can ignore the facts on the ground and make something else up , but if you do , you might want to think about what that does to the credibility of any other arguments you might make . . 
   and russia has not broke international law by slowly encroaching/invading/annexing parts of georgia ? 
  the report absolutely makes clear that russia broke international law . 
  the point regarding the initial shelling is that it was n't a justifiable response as claimed by georgia . 
   no , it is n't subjective ; but its cherry picking . 
  you seem to have ignored all of russia 's internationally illegal activities relating to its georgian invasion and annexation . 
  i have n't cherry picked anything , i 'm referencing a report about where and how this conflict was started ... because there seems to be a lot of confusion about it . .  the report also puts part of the blame on the kremlin and the ossettian rebels , which you have completely omitted . 
  it does , and i linked the report , but in reference to the start of the war , it is incredibly clear , and it is specifically that which i was responding to and that was referenced by the initial poster . . 
   retaliation and escalation are subjective terms , they both mean the same thing in this instance ; their usage just depends whose side you support . 
  i do n't support either side , and the term i am using is n't mine , but used repeatedly in the european commissions report ( whilst retaliation is n't at all ) . 
  what i find really , really problematic is that people are looking back at the georgian conflict , trying to draw parallels between it and the ukraine and having to utterly redefine a conflict to fit . 
  it does n't make any sense either . 
  georgia kicked off a war with a massive artillery barrage , it broke international law in doing so . 
  that is n't subjective , or opinion , that is what actually happened ( and the international law elements are from various reports on the subject , none of which are from the russians ) . 
  i realise that does n't fit the narrative that seems to be popular at the moment , but when its from an independent group , commissioned by the eu i find it really odd that people are setting the independent reporting aside given the sources . 
  the report referenced above , that very specifically spells out that it was n't a georgian retaliation that kicked things off , but a massive escalation by georgian forces ( a massive artillery barrage . . ) is wrong ? 
  that report was commissioned by the european union , carried out by an independent group and is n't complimentary to either side . 
  but you are going with ` it 's all wrong and i know better because ... ' what exactly ? 
   they did . 
  during the last week before war , georgians were attacked many times ( explosives on the road , sniper shooting etc ) . 
  for some reason , this has vanished from the popular memory . 
  it 's discussed in the reporting actually , there was a period of destabilisation , small scale aggression and so on ( from multiple sides . . there are issues in the region after all ) . 
  but the massive conventional artillery barrage did kick off the war ... 
  it has n't vanished from memory either , but it 's really quite alarming to see the conflict described as russia just hammering georgia , and georgia presented as an innocent and unsuspecting bystander . 
  the georgians did n't expect the level of russian response ( they should have ) they expected eu and possibly nato support ( they should n't have \u00b9 ) and thought they 'd get away with what they did . 
  instead the russians put the boot down , the end result was pretty shocking , and worse because it could have been avoided . . \u00b9 and it was a bit pitiful watching saakashvili standing before more and more eu flags during press conferences ... 
  to be fair , there were a number of reports into the issue , by independent investigators , for a number of organisations . 
  i also remember the build up media coverage to the war , which was all about the russian response to attacks in a region that was destabilising . 
  this is n't me thinking something because , you know , that 's more fun , it 's about the available evidence and what i remember from the time ... ( oh and han shot first ) . 
  [ when georgia attacked tskhinvali ... ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/bsp/hi/pdfs/30_09_09_iiffmgc_report.pdf ) according to the report comissioned by the council of the european union anyway . 
  the independent review carried out maked it clear that the shelling of tskhinvali by the georgian armed forces during the night of 7 to 8 august marked the beginning of the conflict in georgia and indeed makes it clear that the attack was not justifiable under international law . 
  the report also pretty much nixes georgia 's claim that there had been a large-scale russian military incursion into south ossetia before the outbreak of war . 
  the georgian response was that it was all the fault of the russians anyway and that they must have planned it to respond so rapidly ... that said , i think / u/jellowcakewalk 's notion of a huge conspiracy ( apparently israeli led ... of course ! ), 
  is at least as dubious a claim as the one that the russians shot first , in fact massively more dubious . . 
  which is fine , if you can identify the assets and the person not paying taxes has the assets . 
  it absolutely is n't that simple you are right . 
  there are real problems that do have to be dealt with , the issue i currently have is that regardless of the problem , the solution is always political union or further integration , without any real articulation as to why that would be better broadly ( usually it is simply that an eu institution needs a particular power to deal with a crisis because they ca n't get members states to act . . ) . 
  you ca n't tell me that the only option here is further integration , or indeed that there is real public demand for it . 
  yes it 's a simplification , but so is ` we need a federation ' . 
   the idea that you can standardise taxes and legislation without a political union is a joke . 
  good luck . 
  i see you added ` taxes and legislation ' to the term standardise . . and i agree with you if you are trying to harmonise taxes or legislation then you probably do need political union . 
  you do n't need political union to standardise generally , you can do that through regulation in a common market ...  from my experience it 's a pain in the ass , i guess we agree to disagree then . 
  i guess we do need to disagree . .  culture and language barriers makes it difficult . 
  there is completely different systems of paying rent etc that you have to adapt to and many other forms of varying bureaucracy . 
  you have to open a new bank account , etc. 
  apart from possibly the change in bank account , that would all be true in a federal europe too ... 
  unless you are suggesting that we harmonise local government processes and procedures too . .  this sentence makes no sense so i assume you 're grasping for straws at this point . 
  ok , let me rephrase it . 
  if there is a significant issue with corruption within various political systems in the eu , what evidence is there to suggest that it would n't end up in whatever mangled framework an eu superstate is built with , given it is exactly those politicians who would be responsible for setting up this new state . 
  the point being that the euro is weaker than it might be , weaker than say the dm would be , but stronger than is healthy for some other states right now . 
  and of course no-one seems interested in pushing a monetary policy that changes that dynamic in favour of those benefiting the least at the moment . 
  it also boosts trade from euro countries like germany . . and that is true for all of the weaker economies . . 
   no one 's saying `` taking over '' .
