  fair enough , but do n't pretend i 'm taking a position i 'm not . 
   you 've even admitted to me in the past you do n't see the eu having the most influence over trade regulations on the planet as a benefit , when it is self evident . 
  seeing as that is the case , why should anyone care what you think ; you 're not objective in the slightest . 
  you do n't even try to be . 
  i 'm presenting my position and why i hold it and why others should think about it too . 
  and when it comes to relationships and possibilities , there is always a subjective aspect . 
  your priorities are n't mine , i find quite a few positions of yours quite worrying , but they are your positions - and they are no more objective than anyone else 's . 
  this notion that your position is arrived at only through objective reasoning , based on some universal truth verges on fanaticism ... 
  lets be clear , my position is that based on what i see of the eu now and where i think it is going ( which happens to be where you 'd like it to go ) , and on that basis i 'd prefer the uk not to be a member ...  the only country in europe that uses direct democracy is switzerland . 
  go and live there if you 'd like direct democracy . 
  i am proud of british traditions of elected representatives , and i want to continue that practice at european level too . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the uk should adopt direct democracy , i 'm saying that the claim that the eu has evolved and become what it is through consent is simply untrue , especially in the context of the uk 's political system and the way we have operated over the last four decades . 
  and yes , i 'm proud of british traditions and i believe that a representative democracy is the right way to go , but that democracy does from time to time need to be confirmed , that is why we are having a referendum on eu membership . 
  your claim then presumably is that it has been ok to ignore growing discontent in the uk on the issue of the eu because our representative democracy , even though the eu has n't been an issue at the ballot box . 
  personally i 'd argue that you 've been fine with it because you agree with the outcome , and would take quite a different position if parliament decided to withdraw from the eu without a referendum ... 
  but i digress . 
   tec yes . 
  but your complaints are always so vague and worthless it 's hard for anyone to pin point exactly what you mean . 
  i was very clear on what i meant , you ignored it and went for one point that you saw as a counter , because the general trend is much harder to argue against . 
  its a shame really . 
   who is to blame for that exactly ? 
  the eu no doubt , for listening to our elected representatives ; which if it had ignored or asked for a referendum you 'd still be screaming bloody murder . 
  i 'd blame uk political parties actually , it has always been easier to go with the status quo and ignore the issue of the eu , because there are divisions in those parties on that issue ( which is precisely why a referendum is important . . ) . 
  * end part 1 - see part 2 below . . *, 
   you 're asking the eu to change it 's very nature to suite one country ... do you think that is reasonable let alone a possibility ? 
  i 'm saying that in its current form , and given the direction of travel it is n't suitable for my country . 
  i 'd like to see the eu change ( because i 'd quite like it to do well . . ) but if there is n't a will , i 'd rather see the uk outside of it . 
  surely that is a reasonable position ? 
   whether you like it or not the ep and the eu will continue to exist even when we are outside of it . 
  well of course as it should . 
   seeing as the eu is the single largest economic bloc on the planet , the eu will be influencing things even when we are outside of it . 
  this is not a hard concept to understand marsman . 
  nafta would become the largest economic bloc on the planet if the uk left the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk wo n't have a voice in that block without being part of it , so why should i assume anything different about the eu ? 
  there are a slew of trade blocs , intergovernmental organisations that represent countries in various things and a whole lot else , the uk has a voice in some of those and not others , and it is a question of priorities . 
  in terms of trade , the uk is a large , developed market with good trade globally , that gives the uk influence independent of the eu too . 
  why should the uk prioritise it 's relationship with the eu to the detriment of others ? 
   therefore the question is quite clearly :  do i want my democratic voice to be heard on the european parliament or not ? 
  and the answer to that is no . . because i do n't want to be part of the eu ... 
  i want my democratic voice to be heard in local government , in national government and so on , but i do n't need it to be heard within an organisation my country is n't part of ...  we have a veto over any treaty change , please stop implying the eu can turn into a federal system without our consent ; it ca n't . 
  i did n't imply that anywhere . 
  i 'm arguing that the benefits do n't outweigh the costs now and certainly would n't under a federal system . 
  i was quite clear to separate non-treaty change and treaty change and the lack of support for the latter . 
   no one sees it like that , you 're just creating strawmen for yourself to argue against now . 
  as usual . 
  i see it like that and i 'm not alone ...  how are populations not consulted exactly ? 
  we have the european parliament and the european council , both organisations contain british elected representatives ... you will note i used ` populations ' not ` governments ' . 
  when it comes to major questions on how we are governed , often populations are n't consulted . 
  that 's true at the national level too ( say with boundary changes , changes in how parliament functions and so on ) . 
  my point was that there has been and continues to be change that is not put to populations at large , even when there is significant opposition . .  what an absolute bare faced liar you have become marsman , although not specifically your fault ; this pile of shite is repeated ad nauseam on most subreddits these days . 
  but i would have expected more from you marsman , someone i used to consider objective ( but is now quite clearly a vehement eurosceptic ) . 
  you do seem to take opposition to your positions as a personal slight and then glory in the odd personal attack . . maybe keep it on topic ? 
   after both of those referendums were conducted the eu changed the treaty and took into consideration what those countries objections were . 
  we are talking about what now ireland and the treaty of nice ? 
  the european constitution ? 
  this is n't just about one treaty or one vote ... 
  but when it comes to consultation , maybe you could point out when there was a referendum in the uk on any significant change since 1974 , yet since then we 've had maastricht , amsterdam and lisbon as well as revisions of rome quite seriously changing the face of the eu , after all . 
  my point is that there have been significant changes within the eu that have n't included any discussion or votes at the national level in the uk . 
  what 's more , given the positions of political parties in the uk there has never been any real way to vote against an eu issue at the national level ( vote tory , lib-dem , green or labour and its a vote for a pro-eu party after all - the choice of voting ukip is relatively and frankly that is n't really an option for most people nor for people like me who can only agree with the notion of being out of the eu , not on their wider position . . ) . 
  yes that 's a uk issue , but it 's one that has a serious impact on the uks relationship with the eu and perceptions of the eu . .  no doubt you would have preferred the eu to ignore the elected representatives of both france and the netherlands instead ? 
  yet if the eu had ignored the elected representatives of those countries ( like you seem to be advocating for ) then you would still be complaining . 
  i 'm not making either argument , i 'm arguing that the eu has changed significantly in the past without further consultation or opportunity to have an effective opposition from the uk side . 
  if you disagree with that then i 'm afraid we have very different views on what a consultation might look like . 
  by-the-by , i 'd include the current renegotiations in that , camerons approach has n't been any more consultative and , if you took his ` binding and irrevocable ' at face value , you 'd have exactly the same argument - we are about to have a lot of change about some pretty fundamental bits of the eu , with no real consultation , for political expediency . .  there 's just no way the eu can win when it comes to propagandists like you marsman . 
  not without serious change , no . . that 's sort of why i advocate leaving . 
   i could n't care less what you personally think at this point , you 've repeatedly shown yourself to be one of the most bias people on this subreddit . 
  great , but it 's what i think and i thought i 'd add it here for clarity . 
  and yes , i have a particular position that i think is correct and that other people should consider . 
  whether you like it or not , or agree with it or not is your concern and you absolutely can challenge me on the issues as you have here . 
   the eu is fundamentally whether you like it or not a democratic institution . 
  this is axiomatic at this point and something i 'm not going to waste my time debating with someone who clearly understands very little about the eu . 
  the eu is fundamentally a product of it 's members governments , it is made up of democratic countries , but that does n't mean it has universal ( or even majority ) popular support or consent in those countries , and we have seen indications of that in the past and will likely see more with the uk , potentially france and others . 
   so when will we be leaving the un , wto and every other international organisation that also removes some of our sovereignty ? 
  and i 'm sure that if the eu were less focused on political and social union , like the un and wto , or indeed nato or any one of a million other intergovernmental organisations , many people would n't be bothered about eu membership either . 
   the question is n't whether we remain sovereign or not ( because we are n't going to , globalisation has already seen to that ) the question is do you want your democratic voice to be heard on the european parliament or not ? 
  and the answer to that seems to be no , for a lot of people ... 
  being heard in the ep is only relevant if the uk is part of the eu . 
  even then its one voice amongst many , in exchange for less control over various affairs and potentially more in the future ( certainly under a federal system ... ) . 
   also , no eu federalist wants to force countries to join a federal europe ; what sort of person would be naive enough to create a federation out of unwilling participants ? 
  one that sees the project as more important than the people in it . 
  you are right of course that no federation would form without the support of the governments of it 's members , but i 'm willing to bet that we 'll continue to see attempts to push for closer integration and federal-lite positions without consulting populations . . 
  i mean , look at some of the referendums we have seen and then the way those decisions have been sidestepped to achieve similar aims without requiring further consent . 
   it will always be a voluntary federation , and since we get a veto on any eu treaty change ; this is n't going to happen anytime soon . 
  that 's absolutely true for a formal federation and indeed i think the possibility of consent for such a set up is getting further and further away , but i do feel that work to use the existing framework to push in the same direction is likely and arguably a threat to the european project generally as more and more people see it as anti-democratic and self-serving . 
  you realise cameron is in favour of the uk remaining in the eu right ? 
   surely the elephant in the room is that they were dirt poor and pretty fucked in general after years of communism the elephant in the room is that the fall of communism and the collapse of the ussr is probably more defining as an event for europe than the creation of the eu . 
  so yeah , the fact that these states were in a poor state is key . 
  although it 's probably important to add that it 's true to a greater and lesser degrees in various areas ... ( there were some really quite interesting things being done in polannd and the ddr that were n't being done elsewhere outside of that bloc ... ) but at it 's core , in terms of the economy , investment in infrastructure , the state of industry , absolutely . 
   and eu membership turned things around for them . 
  eu membership certainly helped , but the argument would be that the fall of communism , and the subsequent access to and exposure to the ` western ' world in general ( and so european markets , the us and others ) will have done rather a lot . 
  domestic reforms , democracy and so on , even before the eu was on the scene will have helped too . 
  i suppose if i were looking for the single largest contributing factor to poland ( and most of the other ee countries . . ) becoming richer , more modern economies and democracies , i 'd go for the collapse of communism and free elections in 1989 not eu membership 15 years later . 
  i think it 's incredibly disingenuous to try and claim the current state of poland as purely a victory for the eu , it 's clearly much more than that and , as i said elsewhere , i think , given the work poles and poland did up to 2004 , they would have been in a pretty solid place even if they had taken a direction more like norway or switzerland . . 
  there is actually some interesting research centred on rationing in the uk , and the impact those trends in childhood have on eating habits in adults and how they feed their own children . 
  if i find it i 'll link it ( and i 'm aware i 'm ruining the joke , but i 'm doing it anyway ) . 
   i agree with mostly what you said ( i tend to simplify sometimes because i do n't know how to explain it , english is n't my native langage ) next time lets both pick a non-native language we both know to discuss it , levels the playing field wonderfully !, 
  ( always seems little unfair that / r/europe is n't multilingual by default . . ) . 
   and learn some things i didnt knew or didnt think about it . 
  great discussion . 
  yeah , some interesting points - i 'm always aware about how little i know about certain things and it 's always good to fill in the gaps !,
