  the uk would n't be getting a sweetheart deal that could be balanced by holding on to eu members , it would be negotiating continued access in both directions to a huge amount of trade . . 
   perspective sounds like a lot of other pro-brexit proponents who thoroughly believe in the sheer willpower and muscle that great britain most likely no longer has on the world stage . 
  the uk does pretty well on the world stage , the question is whether it would do better as one part of a much larger bloc that actually does n't do very well on the world stage . 
  it 's a bit absurd really , the uk , that is much smaller and should be less relevant punches above it 's weight internationally because of its history and decades of diplomacy whilst the eu punches below its weight because of the compromises it has to make . . that is n't about fantasies about empire , or colonies , or even the commonwealth , that is simply both the perception and broadly the reality of the situation . 
  not that that ca n't change of course ... 
  ca n't , there 's that whole democracy thing that people are quite fond of . 
  but feel free to throw your teddies out of the pram , it adds to the discussion . 
   as two first reasons are understandable but for me kinda fetched , third one is ridiculous . 
  smaller we are less important we are . 
  so lets be smaller to be even less important than we could be ... 
  the argument there might well be that the uk currently actually has pretty strong international influence , and that has been fairly consistent since the major declines the uk suffered in the middle of the last century . 
  giving that up for a much smaller amount of influence within a block that is itself waning might not lead to more influence . 
  or to put it another way the eu may have more influence globally than the uk , but the uk is n't the eu and would only have a fraction of that influence aimed toward its own interests . . add to that the calls for more eu foreign policy and power and you can see why it might not be a ridiculous argument . 
   so , since us ' relative importance in the world stage is likely to decline in the next decades , say , texas should leave and become independent ? 
  if t wanted to , maybe on the basis of trade limitations or policy differences with the federal government too . 
  although i 'd question whether it actually could , and obviously the eu is neither a country nor a federal set up so not really all that similar . 
   if eu 's importance will decline , and it probably will , and given how much uk 's economy is and will be intertwined with that of the rest of the eu that would actually be a reason to stay , not to leave . 
  the argument of course being that the uk might feel it can peruse it 's interests with more partners outside of the eu without limitations on the bilateral agreements it can put in place from within the eu . 
  that is really the cost benefit analysis here , the question of whether eu membership is worth the restrictions that are applied to be a member , and whether those costs will continue to be worth it as we move forward . . that is n't just an economic argument either , you ca n't put a price on being able to run say , your health system the way you want , but people will ascribe a value to it . 
  and the uk will always be a major trading partner with the eu , but the level of integration and the kind can be varied , it does n't have to happen within the eu and that may also be a reason to leave . 
   i think the idea behind the eu is great . 
  but it does n't work . 
  we 're just too different . 
  hell , i think it could work , but on a somewhat different basis . 
  but that seems to be almost entirely off the table now in any real sense . 
   as an english briton i really ca n't understand why people who back in september were telling scotland to remain in the uk are now saying that we should get out of the european union . 
  presumably they prefer the uk with scotland but outside of the eu . . that is n't really contradictory , not to mention that an independent scotland would be in a very different position as an eu outside of the country ... 
  essentially i do n't see the two as being the same , other than where they come down to self-determination ( and i supported carrying out the indyref even if i did n't want scotland to leave . . ) . 
   i mean many of the points the scots made for independence were pretty similar to the ones that british euro-sceptics are making now , and vice-versa many of the points that cameron made for staying in the uk are similar to the ones that are now being made to stay in the eu . 
  that would depend on the arguments you are talking about ... saying that the uk can flourish outside of the eu economically is very different from saying scotland can flourish outside of the uk , if for no other reason than the different sizes of economies , the different financial arrangements and so on . . to be honest , i would argue that the arguments that were made around the uk joining the euro ( that without it our economy would suffer , banks would leave etc. . ) is the closest to the arguments we are hearing now . .  i 'm not a big fan of the eu but surely there 's a better way to sort this out rather than leaving the european union . 
  there should be , if other eu members agree ( indeed if they agreed there absolutely would be !, 
  ) , but it may turn out that there are n't if they do n't . 
  i 'd argue that right now it simply does n't look like the core of the eu and the uk are on the same trajectory and nor does it seem that the eu as a whole is happy to accommodate a less pro-union and pro-integration uk . . 
   his third reason is completely ridiculous and i do n't understand why he would bring that up as pro-brexit that would be : * third , the eu is likely to fall in relative importance in the world . 
  admittedly , the uk does n't have to choose between trading with the eu and trading with the rest of the world . 
  but if the rest of the world is continuing to grow in relative importance , then the benefits of eu membership would be proportionately smaller , and the costs yet more unnecessary . 
  * it 's not ridiculous and it 's a fairly relevant pro-exit position . 
  his point is that there are lots of countries that are perfectly fine outside of the eu , the uk is a huge economy and there is no reason to think it 'd be worse off than other economies outside of the eu and there are of course lots ... 
  it does n't mean every country would be better off outside of a collective union , but it does counter the slightly absurd arguments made about what would happen if the uk left . 
  relevant bit : sir michael hintze , hedge fund tycoon and top conservative party donor , is close to donating a large sum to the eu out camp in what would be a big boost for the eurosceptic movement . 
  downing street and senior pro-eu tory officials have been concerned for some time that wealthy hedge fund figures , many of whom are eurosceptic , could pour money into the brexit campaign , boosting its resources ahead of a referendum due by 2017 . 
  sir michael , who has given # 3.2 m to the conservatives over a decade , is said by friends to be `` considering '' a generous donation . 
  `` i think he is almost certain to donate , it is a cause he is passionate about , '' said one person who is familiar with sir michael 's thinking . 
  another person involved in the out campaign said a hintze donation was `` on the cards '' . 
  sir michael , through his spokesman , refused to comment . 
  still a disaster for someone . 
  the falklands was a success , easily justifiable , and so on , but still a disaster for argentina and the families of those who dies on all sides . . 
  not yet it does n't , and not from that news source . 
  i think there is a press conference on monday that should give an overview of the osce 's impressions of the elections from their monitors on the ground ... 
   where is the solidarity between european countries ? 
   well it 's here . 
  people of eu are pretty united here well , at least on that basis i can consistently be criticised for a lack of solidarity . 
  my fleg !, 
  passenger miles is usually a decent metric . 
  the uk privatised and deregulated buses ( outside of london ) and the bus companies generally work to try and drop unprofitable routes . 
  the council is then usually forced to step in , but obviously when budgets are cut , these types of things are n't protected as there is n't a legal requirement for the council to provide them . . all a bit of a clusterfuck, 
   thats how it starts , they could never fully restrict porn at one time , london would burn . 
  but if you choke society little by little very few people will do anything about it . 
  in theory yes , that 's how authoritarian regimes generally work , except the ones that do n't . 
  and of course no-one is choking society little by little and people do in fact do things about it . .  source : civilians vs governments just about everywhere in the world . 
  which is why every democracy is moving toward totalitarianism and the trend globally is n't liberalisation . 
  oh wait , it is toward liberalisation , we are much more free than we were 200 , 100 , 50 and even 25 years ago . . how odd . 
  oh and governments are generally civilian . 
   do you mean in general ? 
  or just that this ruling does n't affect them ? 
  in general , but this ruling may well affect them ( because its not just about net neutrality , or even net neutrality as most people would see it ) . 
   what i mean is , if this is legislated for in the uk , but not in the roi , does that mean three can continue to implement it in the roi ? 
  or would it have to be legislated for here too ? 
  it is n't legislated in the uk now , whether three can or ca n't do it will depend on how the roi translates this but there is pretty much no guarantee either way . 
  oh and opt in porn filters are fine anyway , as are age based limitations and so on . . 
  this likely wo n't make much difference to this issue ( which is n't really a problem anyway ... ) either . 
  not really , porn filters that a customer has control over do n't breach the principle of net neutrality ( they usually do n't work and cause other problems , but that 's a different issue ) . 
  making them illegal or , as will now happen , having them set up through legislation rather than voluntary agreement will make no difference to that whatsoever . 
   and the echr governs all of the eu . 
  you can nitpick all you want , but it does n't change the reality of the situation . 
  but the echr is separate from the eu , it is n't a part of it and it has a very different role , it 's closer to other international agreements that exist to further a specific aim , as opposed to the eu promoting a union of sorts . 
  more importantly and it deals specifically with human rights across all signatories , and that is all it does . 
  this net neutrality kludge is n't about rights , it 's a compromise between corporate interests , government interests and net neutrality ( and the result is far from ideal ) . 
  but that is n't the point , the point is that net neutrality does n't have to be dealt with at an international level through legislation ( there are already enough interoperability agreements and essentially self-regulating practices in place , especially where there are n't monopolies - i.e. 
  most of the eu ) . 
  so again , this is n't great , in quite a few states it could do more harm than good and it did n't really need to be done at this level . 
  i agree with you , which is why i do n't think the uk should have opt out filters ( opt in all the way ) , but that does n't change the fact that it 's irrelevant to net neutrality . . 
  no the eu does n't have laws against torture . 
  the echr ( which is n't part of the eu . . ) sets up some rights that , in addition to the various other international treaties ( and transcribed national laws ) enforced by the ecthr ( again , not an eu institution ) . 
  the eu has no competencies when it comes to national law enforcement so . . 
  the eu is n't legislating on net neutrality on the basis of rights , but on the basis of a european single market ... that 's vastly different . 
   nope . 
  you 're also not allowed to torture criminals in your country . 
  torturing your criminals does not affect anyone outside your country , but it 's still not allowed . 
  indeed , but that has nothing to do with the eu so i do n't really get your point ... ? 
   it did n't here either . 
  it simply said net neutrality should be a thing within certain limits & that means porn does n't get blocked . 
  except it did n't really , what the eu have put forward does n't really promote net neutrality , certainly not what we 'd normally understand as technical net neutrality and of course the porn filters do n't violate net neutrality unless they are mandatory either . 
  in the uk neither the porn filters , nor net neutrality were based on specific regulations , so what we are going to end up with now is a need to legislate on net neutrality ( which could go anywhere . . ) and probably a push to do the same with the filters ( which likely means that those isps that currently do n't have them , will have to . . ) . 
  my point is that we have a bad regulation that is n't going to do what we need to do and probably was n't needed in the first place in quite a few eu states . 
  the end result being everything is slightly worse for almost everyone . . 
  that 's a question of international standards though , not a requirement regulation , and obviously if you applied this to trade generally you 'd very quickly build massive tariff barriers , there is no need for everyone to use the same standards , just for everything sold in your country to meet a minimum set of requirements , and obviously just because you do n't like something it should n't be banned everywhere else . . 
  it is . 
  i realise it sounds absurd sometimes , but effective self regulation can do a better job balancing customer and corporate interests than regulation imposed from the outside and the customary can often prevent bad behaviour more effectively than specific legislation , because the former tends to have fewer loopholes ... obviously that is n't true all the time , but it is what we should be aiming for where possible ,, 
   the netherlands was the only country with an official policy on it , and the eu 's is a watered down version with some suspicious loopholes , but it 's still an improvement .
