  as a bonus , to trade with the uk , they wo n't have to take into account the needs of 27 other countries , and so they might actually be able to come to a decent bilateral agreement in a decent amount of time . 
   sorry but it does n't make sense at all . 
  china not looking to make trade easier with one of the largest economies in the world , one that it already trades a lot with and one where there are currently trade barriers in place does n't make sense . 
  i really do n't get this notion that china wo n't look toward the uk outside of the eu , it 's nonsensical ... 
   it 's not what i said at all , it 's just that as i pointed out , the uk is not even in the top 10 trading partners of china . 
  the uk is a minor trading partner for china , that does n't mean the uk is uninteresting or unimportant , it 's just small for them and my point is that as a major economy , the uk and china have a lot of potential for increasing that trade relationship if the uk leaves the eu ( or in areas where the uk retains competency within the eu . ) . 
   and sure , your economy is ( slowly ) growing . 
  now , does that mean that you will have suddenly millions of brits who massively improve their financial situation like in india ? 
  are you experiencing the appearance of a middle class ? 
  new millionaires every day ? 
  no , because the uk is already one of the most developed country , and the market is pretty full . 
  you wo n't have millions of people who will be able to afford things that were only accessible for a small portion of your population like brazil or india . 
  no , the uk is a developed and mature market , but then it 's precisely that , that is attractive about it in both directions . 
  yes there is potentially more growth in more rapidly developing countries , but there is a lot on offer in the uk ( and eu ) as well . 
  after all china 's largest trading partners are all mature economies ... 
  i 'd also point out that as an export market , the uk is china 's 5th largest , so whilst there is significant scope for further growth there is already a lot on the line ( and of course of china 's top imports sources , most are countries exporting raw materials , which the uk does n't do much of any more ... ) . 
  as china 's middle class grows and as china brings ever more and more people out of poverty , the opportunities for trade can only expand . 
  oh and yes , i apologise , it was n't you who said that china saw the uk as unimportant , it was the original commenter i replied to ( i 'm not looking at usernames apparently !, 
   that is an unfair comparison . 
  the eu at least has elections , it has given people a choice of involvement . 
  it 's an entirely fair comparison . 
  the eu has a layer of democratic processes built in , but they are somewhat perverse in where they sit . 
  the legitimacy that the eu has does n't come from parliament , it comes from the commission ( which is where bot the budget and legislative initiative sit ) . 
  essentially to hold my representation at the eu level to account , the practical approach would be to look at my own government and their approach to the commission but that would n't be enough to actually hold anyone to account , the elected individuals in the ep would arguably be more accountable to me , but in reality their power is incredibly limited , and so dilute as to not matter anyway . 
  so you have a sort of pretend accountability , that means governments get off , and you ca n't really do anything at the eu level . 
  at least with nato or similar , i know i can go and shout at my own government ...  it can not help that the tools it gave are not used , but as people all of us can promote taking advantage of the influence we are given . 
  and with voting the council and the parliament , that is a lot more influence than people have been let to believe . 
  the problem is that the barriers are frankly too great and accountability too dilute . 
  happily presently the eu does n't have massive sweeping powers ( even if it is creeping a little all the time ) but the push is for there to be more transition to the eu ( to deal with the various crises that you mentioned earlier ) . 
  do you think that the current institutions are accountable and democratic enough to deal with things like fiscal transfers between states ? 
  do you think they are robust enough to stand up to lobbying ( look at the way ttip has been handled in terms of stakeholders now ! ), 
  effectively ? 
   it is not possible to `` restart '' , we have to move from where we are . 
  if that movement looses members , i do n't care , the world wo n't stop for us . 
  move or be left behind . 
  anything is possible , restarting is entirely doable , as much as any other reform is anyway . 
  although i agree with you that the loss of members who do n't share the aims of the majority is probably far better for the eu in the short and long term . 
  its in that vein that i think the uk leaving would be best for all involved . .  i know how it 's like being in a small country outside the bloc . 
  it is not pleasant , it is not easy , and you get to know your masters quick . 
  the uk is n't a small country though , and whilst i 'm sure there are issues for many countries , many countries manage without being part of some economic/political bloc . 
   i will never stop promoting unity , despite the futility , because the old spheres of influence must never return to this continent again . 
  the eu is n't unity , the eu is a fa\u00e7ade over disunity , it has been fairly dysfunctional because it is trying to bind countries with different interests and aspirations on a path that does not have the full throated support of the people it seeks to represent , never mind their governments . 
  and as to ` the old spheres of influence ' they have n't gone away . 
  indeed the eu is just another regional bloc trying ( and as we saw with ukraine , and now seeing with turkey failing somewhat ... ) to project power in its own sphere , whilst still broadly orbiting the us ( because there is a lack of will when it comes to defence spending . . ) . 
   it might be convenient for those like in the uk , a large rich island on the extreme end of the continent , to picture a better future for themselves outside the bloc but i do not really believe that the netherlands and france are as on the edge as you say . 
  i think they know enough to understand how precarious our position is . 
  how intrinsic our mutual dependence . 
  i agree that the uk is in a bit of a unique position , but you ca n't set aside domestic politics in france or the netherlands . 
  if you take the changes from when we had a much less integrated eu pre-schengen and pre-euro ( i assume you are old enough to remember both , correct me if i 'm wrong though . . ) to now , you realise that even quite serious change is possible , there is no reason why de-integration ca n't happen , or indeed why it should n't if there are serious calls for it within certain members . 
  i 'm sure that what will actually happen as the eu fractures is that we will see some sort of muli-tier , loser confederation appear , with several more closely aligned blocks ( which would potentially be be far healthier ) rather than a simple severance of various member , but i suppose time will tell . 
   chinese students are to be found en masse everywhere you can find a good education . 
  you know why ? 
  because they 're more than 1,3 billion with a growing middle-class . 
  they are also the biggest international student community in france , second in germany but they 're going to overtake the turks soon , first in australia as well ... 
  everywhere the number of chinese students increases . 
  again , the uk is not very special on that matter . 
  i did n't suggest the uk was unique , but to be clear , the uk takes more chinese students than the rest of the eu combined . 
  chinese students like studying in english speaking countries and of those , the uk and us have the most top rated universities ... 
  it 's not that the uk is unique , it is that it has a lot to offer globally ( as other countries do . . ) some of which is quite valuable to china , mixed with a fairly long relationship and some other common interests . 
  so on that basis idea that the uk as a major global economy is uninteresting or unimportant to the china is simply bizarre , and not based on any kind of rational argument . 
   and sure , trade between china and the uk might increase and you have indeed quite important aspects that attract chinese investors . 
  but on the global stage , you 're a tiny player compared to the eu , the us , brazil or japan . 
  yes , the uk being at 5/6th largest economy means that there are 4/5 larger economies out there , although brazil is n't one of them ... 
  but there is n't a cut off at 5th that makes everyone else irrelevant , and the uk is a growing economy that is predicted to increase in size ( and apparently , based on r/europe , therefore importance . . ) which again is attractive in terms of trade deals . . 
   in the international community the states take the blame for failure , and the media pays little attention to the role of organisation like nato , iso , wto or five-eyes . 
  yes , they do . 
  that 's because the states are ultimately responsible . 
  surely that 's what we want ? 
  either things get done or we hold the states in question to account . 
  in the eu everyone sort of seems to pass the buck , if something is unpopular it 's the fault of the eu , if the eu does something that is domestically popular then the states take the credit for their position . . 
  the eu is used as a way of pushing unpopular positions , as an excuse for inactivity and to a certain extent variously as both a bogeyman and some sort of external angel protecting people , depending on the issue , and your position ...  you could say that the democratization of the eu has put it into the limelight of the european public mind in a way that other institutions are not . 
  i would n't say that ... eu elections are even less well atended than some by-elections , eu institutions are either unknown or misunderstood . 
  the powers that the eu has are unclear to most people and the vast majority could n't name their mp , let alone a full set of eu institutions . 
  it is , all in all , less democratic , less accountable and less visible . 
  probably on a par with the likes of the wto or the iso ( as people do n't really know what they are for either ) , at least with nato people are broadly clear who is involved and what it 's about . 
   a failure of the wto , iso or bilateral agreements are of no interest to the general public . 
  of course they are , as much as failures of the eu are in any case . 
  the constant is n't which international organisation is involved ( whether it is the eu , wto or whatever else . . ) it is how much if has an impact on them . 
  with the eu it is sometimes unclear whether the responsible body is the eu or a particular government , if anyone is paying attention at all ...  but yes , i agree that there is little desire to integrate further and stop being a halfway house . 
  but i do n't agree that means we should abandon what we have achieved so far , rather to continue a united front . 
  given you described the abject disaster that the eu represents in some areas , and now seem to be rather clear that you do n't think they are fixable , i really do n't understand why you would n't see restarting this whole thing on rather different terms as a good thing . 
  i think that 'll probably mean the loss of some members so that the consensus for further forward movement can be achieved , but surely that 's a good thing . 
  a smaller , more effective eu has to be better than a bigger gridlocked failing union ...  yes , this is the so called `` europhile call for more integration '' , but considering we 've only did it partially in the first place to please those eurosceptics who wish to retain state power , i do n't feel much guilt to propose it now that the original roadblock proves to be detrimental to our wellbeing . 
  the problem is that you still do n't have a mandate to do more , and with the eu in it 's current form you wo n't get one . 
  even if the uk remains part of the eu , it 's not going to push for more integration ( rather the reverse ) then you have issues coming up with the netherlands and france ... you do n't need to feel guilty about suggesting considerably closer union , but you have to be aware that it 's not going to happen ( and if it does , it will be with more opt outs and dysfunction ) . 
   i think you really overestimate the importance of the uk for china . 
  you 're not even in the top 10 of their most important trading partners , germany or even australia are well ahead of you . 
  the uk and china are increasing trade though , there is a lot of scope for further increases and agreements that are beneficial to both china and the uk . 
  that 's quite important , and again , the uk has a large domestic market , that is attractive regardless of whether you are talking about china , germany or uganda ...  and seriously , you really believe china is seeking access to uk education ? 
  what is it ? 
  erm . . yes , i 'm not sure what the 1875 crack is about , given that attracting foreign students is a positive for both the education sector and for fdi ( there is a benefit to having had well educated foreign nationals study in your country . . ) . 
  but in case you are unclear or unaware , uk universities are very attractive to chinese students , largely because they are prestigious and deliver world class and recognised qualifications . 
  the uk has more chinese undergrads than it has undergrads from the rest of the eu combined for example . 
  i think i 'm right in saying that since 2013 , the uk is the second most popular destination for chinese students after the us . 
   every time people argue for a state of `` gentlemen agreements '' we eventually find out they are not worth the paper . 
  all our crises in the past 7 years were a result of those failures of agreement without genuine cohesion . 
  who is arguing for gentlemen 's agreements ? 
  nato , the iso , bilateral intelligence sharing , wto minimums and so on are all pretty concrete and many of them form the basis of what the eu does as an intermediary anyway . 
  you are right in saying that the lack of actual cohesion is a huge barrier to the eu actually achieving anything concrete , but given the lack of political and democratic will for real cohesion across the bloc , there does n't seem to be a serious way forward in that direction . 
   the eurozone fiscal policy was done between the ministers of the nation states , not a eu institution , and the weak link gave way to chaos agreed .
