   if you mean to get the label proper on top of it , nothing said anything about asking for more money . 
  nothing said about not either , and these schemes are almost always self funding . 
   please do n't already see things that are n't there . 
  this does n't exist yet , i was spelling out some potential issues and abuses . 
  i think it 'd be a great idea if my government did use this kind of criteria , they could speak directly to the revenue to find out if a company is n't above board though , putting the burden on the firms , or not taking into account size is a potential barrier . 
   ignoring the other 10 similar contracts alongside are you ? 
  not really , my last ` public sector contract ' was a one off and was worth a little over # 6,700 . 
  the tendering process was nifty , margin was pretty low , but it certainly did n't guarantee follow up contracts ... lots of countries have worked hard to open public sector contracts to sme 's lets not regulate that to death if we can avoid it . 
   ladbrokes already has brexit on 40 % . 
  if i were british , i 'd probably bet against it now , because in my mind there is way less of a chance for brexit than that . 
  the trend is important though , it 's on the rise and the referendum is some way away . 
  i can see that situation getting worse not better and more people supporting leave as time goes on . 
  not to mention that there are far more ` silent ' brexit supporters , simply because of the association with ukips and the tories . 
  i would n't bet either way right now ( but obviously will be working hard for an exit ... ) . 
   the main reason being simply that people prefer the status quo over anything else , which is true for people in general , but maybe even more so for the stereotypical british person . 
  very true , most of the time , but it will depend on the campaigns and what happens with the eu over the next period . 
  its true that referendums tend to favour the status-quo , but it 's not automatic and it will depend on a lot of factors . .  and it 's not such a bad deal of a status quo in my opinion . 
  of course it is , but then again you could say the same before every general election too , and , as above , the direction of travel is important . 
   there is nothing preventing small firms to play by the rules too to also get the `` does not fraud '' label . 
  no , but there could well be costs involved that would dissuade small companies from taking part . 
  if for example , you need a professional and independent audit , or there is a significant administrative burden , it might not be worth it for the # 500 you might make on a # 5000 contract ... 
  i could see this being lobbied for by larger firms to exclude smaller competition . 
   it 's not really about federal or not federal to me , though it may be because imho when schengen was made it left waaaay too much freedom to the member states and was not crisis proof sort of my point on the whole , ` whether it should be federal or not '   so either they needed a plan for a crisis ( but what kinds would you have to plan for ? ), 
  or centralize the decision making of it , be it in times of crisis or all the time . 
  the point is that you have to plan and not just assume everything 'll be fine and not dump the rules and make up new ones as you go along ... 
  but importantly i think is the crisis and contingency planning , which seems to only be happening now because of the crisis . 
   this is actually an excellent idea . 
  giving a bonus label to those who play by the rules and do n't try to skim out so much . 
  what if it means smaller firms find it much harder to get access to government contracts ? 
  and how about jailing people for corruption or collusion and awarding contracts ( rather than stickers . . ) to firms that provide good value . . 
   if this was before the exacerbation of the migrant crisis , i would 've agreed with you , turns out i was wrong and the loose way schengen has been organized has come back to bite us . 
  that does n't mean that a federal approach is required though , it means that the current approach to external border protection is n't adequate ( and possibly some issues with national refugee policies ) . 
  but you do n't need a federal state for borderless travel ( it exists between ireland and the uk without issue for example ) . 
   that can be said for other things too by the way , even the euro . 
  the euro is a bigger issue because monetary policy really does need to be linked to other policies and at the end of the day probably requires a mechanism for fiscal transfers ... 
  i 'd say it 's a bit of a mistake to look at a problem and just assume that a federal approach would be better than a badly put together one under the current arrangement . 
   that 's not what i was saying . 
  what i was saying is i do n't understand why people who already dislike the decision making process ( and many for good reasons ) would n't want to improve it by shifting responsibility towards the ep . 
  that was pretty much a quote , to be fair ... 
  it was n't clear that you were going for ep vs ec , although i do n't think it makes as much difference as it might ( i 'd actually agree that the ep should have more power than the ec , in the context of an eu with more rigid competencies and fewer powers . . ) . 
   and realistically you do need a federal state for borderless travel and definitely for a common currency area . 
  like i said , you probably do for common currency ( depends on the members and the institutions you set up to manage it ) , but you rally do n't need it for borderless travel . . we 've had that for a long time ( an in different contexts , including uk/ireland for example ) without the need for a federal approach . 
  the issue that the wider eu has is one of border control where again , you do n't need full on federalisation to manage things properly . 
   you can scrape by making multilateral decisions but those will always be less democratic and more influenced by special interests than those made in a federalised state with power structures we 've tested and optimized for centuries . 
  why would you assume that they 'd be less democratic or involve more special interests ? 
  there is literally nothing to support that , if anything the us is a case in point as to why the federal approach makes it easier for special interests to take hold . 
  a federal approach gives a single target for lobbyists , and a spur for special interests to argue for a centralisation of power , whilst having lots of separate members makes it a little harder . 
  there also seems to be an assumption that national government 's are more corrupt than future eu institutions might be , that might even be true if you take an eu average , but it is n't for countries within the eu that are reasonably effective in tackling corruption and abuse . 
  * edit : corrected eu/ec/ep all the tla 's starting with e. . *, 
   that assumes that an independent britain / any other european state could be truly independent and would not be doomed to be part of the american ( or any other ) superpower bloc / geopolitical monolith forever . 
  i do n't know why you 'd assume otherwise . 
  i do n't think there is any real danger in the uk being swallowed up by one bloc or another ( unless people want it at the very least ) . 
  after all , the uk has been part of various spheres of influence over the centuries ( and had it 's own one for a large portion of that ) and that is n't a new thing nor unusual , but there is no reason to assume that it would suddenly be forced into some sort of superpower . 
  i severely doubt it 'll be necessary for the countries survival and i certainly do n't think it can be forced into it . 
  that might be different for some of the smaller powers in europe , but the same would certainly apply to the likes of germany , france , italy , spain , netherlands , sweden , or poland etc. . 
  in fact i think this argument , that the eu should be some sort of superpower to counter russia , the us , china etc. . seems exactly like the kind of jingoistic nationalism that those supporting it dispose so much about those who do n't want to be assimilated into the eu . 
   do you seriously believe any single european country would have any chance against a major american company engaging in monopolistic practices ? 
  yes . . because even on their own the larger eu countries are large markets and are perfectly capable of managing their own economies . 
  there is an element of additional capacity with the eu , but i do n't think it makes that much of a difference . 
   do you believe any chinese company will build their goods to adhere to 20 different regulations instead of just not exporting to denmark ? 
  possibly , denmark is a rich country after all . 
  more importantly though , companies already do , regulatory cost is an issue , but markets considerably smaller than the eu ( like canada , australia etc. . ) manage , why would n't countries like germany , france or the uk ? 
   working on a case by case basis works on a few major issues , but is a : unfair , because it overly favours large nations larger nations can certainly act more easily than smaller ones , but the point of working together is that you are working on things of mutual interest . . sure it 's not going to be perfect , but nor is the eu likely to be ( and nor is the us . . ) . 
  it only sound fairer if suddenly instead of talking about german , british , danish or polish interests , you are talking about eu interests ... with all the compromise and riding roughshod over various members that entails ) . 
   and b : impractical when so many issues pile up that the public has no chance of keeping an eye on all of them . 
  i do n't see that being much different than now , if anything it should be a bit easier to deal with ( and easier to reverse problems ) . 
  right now i have to look at the british parliament , various european institutions and a whole slew of trade agreements to keep abreast of issues . 
  all of those institutions are pretty open with what they are doing , but it 's much , much harder to have an impact at the eu level . 
  without the eu , i 'd have to look at parliament and a larger slew of trade agreements . 
  if i felt ` european ' this might be a different discussion ( i might feel that there were some unified eu interests and ideas that i could sign up to ) but given that i do n't ( and i think i am far from alone in that ) it really is . 
   because many of us need a federal state ? 
  could you define why you * need * one ? 
  i mean , you do n't need one for border-less travel , you do n't need one for border-less trade either . 
  i 'd probably argue that it 'd be preferable if you have a common currency area ( but not all eu members use the euro . . ) . 
  essentially it might make sense for some eu member states ( and even then obviously doing it would require consent ... ) but not others , as you allude to with your reference to island states . 
  i 'd probably go back though and point out that / u/ihidemei was saying he did n't understand at all why people would dislike the eu decision process and why they would n't want to see more power at that level . 
  there are lots of reasons ( beyond some sort of fanatic nationalism ) why people might take that position . 
   the eu country borders should become as irrelevant as the borders between england and scotland , in the opinion of most of these people . 
  i think that depends on lots of things , but above all it has to be about what people want . 
  if they want it , then absolutely . 
  people have a right to decide how they are governed after all , that 's true both for federalists ( if they can make the case ) or people advocating scottish or catalan independence ( again , if they can make the case ) . 
   and the ep consistently does what they were elected for . 
  in contrast to the people sent by the national governments . 
  the ep is elected to do a whole range of things , different parties national parties promise different things ( and at the ep level it gets more interesting again ) and achieve different things . 
  given the ep ca n't even initiate legislation it 's hard to argue that it does what it 's elected for , indeed if you go on the basis of popular opinion in various member states , you could say that meps often do n't do what their constituents want , but rather what their parties expect ... 
   to be honest i 'm not sure how they 'll enforce the number of dogs restriction either ... yeah , that 's were i ended up , i figured if you could enforce the number of dogs , you could deal with welfare . 
  ? yei assumed it 'd be as hard, 
   i never undertood ( and have no explanation other than stupid nationalism ) why people who dislike the eu decision-making process ( which includes most brexiters ) do not push for massively stronger powers for the european parliament probably because it only makes sense on actual transnational issues , and people who support brexit have more faith in british institutions ( not necessarily individual governments . . ) , or more faith in their ability to influence them ( or more faith that they will act broadly in their interests ) than eu ones . 
  and of course because simply handing power to the eu does n't guarantee any kind of outcome . 
  that said , for this kind of thing , cooperating on an eu level ( and beyond , as its more than just an eu issue ) does make sense , whether the ep is the right body to do that ( vs say the commission ) is a different question again - although i 'd lean toward the latter . . 
  i think one thing to take into account is that anyone who has ever lived under different stripes of government will be generally sceptical of power , wherever it sits . 
  yet when it comes to the eu there seems to be an assumption that it will always be a benignly positive influence , yet again , there is no guarantee of that either . 
  if we hand more power to the eu , or move further toward something like a federation it becomes a risk if it changes , becomes more activist ( as it is becoming ) or more conservative ( again . . ) , or expansionist . . 
  i do n't want to be part of a superpower bloc , or an eu federal state , i do n't want to be part of a political monolith and do n't want to see more harmonisation across the eu ( strength through diversity and all that ) . 
  so why hand more power to the eu , why not work with other countries on a case by case basis to deal with issues of mutual concern ? 
  it leads to fewer clashes of interests and more flexibility to actually achieve stuff . 
  that makes sense , although would n't animal welfare rules cover that more effectively ( and target those that do n't treaty their dogs properly ) than a limit for all the shepherds ? 
  still , that seems less arbitrary than it looked at first glance . 
  yup , i like that one , there are quite a few interesting english carols ( although mostly drowned out by the overly saccharin ` standard ' christmas music and even carols that dominate . . ) . 
  other good ones are : the boar 's head carol , the coventry carol , i saw three ships ...
