   this situation has to end , the worst that could happen now is institutional limbo . 
  it 's not good for anyone , i still question whether it can be done with any legitimacy , but yeah , something has to give . 
  exciting is right , although in or out i 'd rather not see the former , or be part of the latter . 
   it is a bit scary though because there is no guarantee that the decisions taken are based always on the common-good principle . 
  there is no guarantee of that at the national level either , so it comes down to accountability and trust . 
  for me i do n't trust eu institutions or the current leadership and do n't feel the eu is sufficiently accountable so it 's an easy choice , but for those that have less trust in their own governments and institutions , it 's easy to see why they would see it as beneficial . 
  bit of a pickle really . 
  the key point there being : * `` according to draft reform options seen by the financial times , responsibility for all asylum claims could be shifted to the european asylum support office , '' a eu agency , it said . * . 
  that would suggest that the varying approaches to asylum requests , and potentially whether someone is accepted as an asylum in a given member state could end up being the responsibility of an eu agency . 
  which will presumably trouble quite a few people , although it would presumably reduce pressure on states that are really struggling to deal with claims ( assuming that there are more resources available of course ) . 
  i mostly was , that was the nice part of the video . 
  the fact that everyone who piped up intervened to object to the prat being offensive was pretty refreshing . 
  he is wonderfully quotable if nothing else . . 
  only if your problem is immigration and welfare . 
  which for quite a few people it is n't . 
  it turned out that there had been a raid on a jewellers ( iirc . ), 
  and one of the cars involved was dumped near some woods that separated our housing from the town centre and the guys in it had run on foot . 
  do n't think they caught them though , one of the more exciting things to happen in the couple of years i was there . 
  those things are insanely bright . 
  had one hovering over a group of houses where i was renting a few years ago , woke me up so i went outside of a quick cigarette . . 
  i was outside for about 5 minutes and could hear , but could n't see the helicopter when the damn thing appeared over the houses behind the one i was renting . 
  it circled a few times then turned on its massive spotlight on me . . 
  i was pretty much blind instantly , really insanely bright . 
  happily the next step was it randomly illuminating the rest of the neighbourhood and not a gaggle of police cars turning up and me being bundled to the ground , still a bit surreal . 
  [ if rain makes britain great ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfwp62eou4g ), 
  funny , i 'd sort of associate that with british coastal towns , with more wind the further north you get . 
   corbyn 's party is never going to have the majority in next elections , i mean until corbyn is in charge , and i ca n't see the ukip or the liberal democrats winning neither . 
  probably not , although a lot can happen before the next ge , and of course if the uk is still in the eu by the next ge , we would be talking about quite a long time , plenty of time for there to be changes in government or just in policy . 
   of course it 's harder to change the tax policy under the eu , because of the rules and so on , but as far as tax evasion it seems to me that , since the luxembourg leaks , something is changing . 
  possibly , possibly not . 
  the eu is just as subject to lobbying and obviously more susceptible to various governments own interest and less beholden to the people that the eu is supposed to represent , so the direction and nature of any change is hard to predict . 
  the only constant is that whatever direction the eu does take , individual states ca n't do much on their own to change it . 
   it is true that it takes time to change eu treaties , but it is still possible . 
  david cameron dealt with eu last month and a partial change of some treaties has been approved . 
  if you really think that cameron secured substantial changes to treaties then surely we have an even bigger problem . 
  that would be treaty change without the approval of the electorates of several countries that require a referendum on such changes . 
  without input from the ep which should have an input on those changes . 
  are you suggesting that changes one way or another , to the fundamental treaties of the eu can happen without any popular support ? 
   however , every choice implies that you get some and you lose some , so if the uk choses to stay in europe it will keep giving some of its powers to eu , while if it leaves , nobody really knows what will happen . 
  you are right , the uk remaining in the eu means that the uk has to devolve some powers to the eu , that is the nature of the bloc and the union . 
  that said in the event that the uk leaves the eu , the one thing we do know is that the uk would be in a position to change what powers , if any it would prefer to devolve . . that 's not an unknown , even if the broader changes to the relationship between the uk and eu are up for negotiation and discussion . 
  and if the next government is n't a conservative one , and would like to deal with tax avoidance in a different way , will that be easier or harder in the context of eu membership ? 
  this is n't a question of what the government is or is n't doing , it is a question of what a government can or can not do . 
  the government can change legislation or other statutory instruments , it can change tax rules and exemptions , but it ca n't change eu treaties or even deal with eu regulations without recourse to the wider eu and rather a lot of time , even if others support the moves that the government might like to make . 
  bit late by then . 
  i do n't like boats much , so i made this quickly ... 
   just wait until labour replaces that senile marxist and farrage becomes labour party leader . 
  that 's an intriguing if nightmarish picture you paint . .  you will wish for ukip to return . 
  prolly not . . 
  its history and core has always been anti-federalism and removing the uk from the eu so i do n't think there is no . 
  although i 'm sure there will be a core of ukip types who will want to see it continue as a minor party on some other issues . . 
  and it would only hurt transit and freight , and for what ? 
  i still think the most underrated reason is that it 'll remove ukip 's reason for existing . . 
  although to be clear in case anyone gets a tad confused , `` bbc director-general john longworth '' should be bcc director-general john longworth , unless something momentous happened in the last few hours that i missed . 
  relevant point on the discussion from yesterday :  `` if we open the border tomorrow , what will happen ? 
  the british , who run their own border , will block them and send them back , '' bernard cazeneuve said on bfmtv . 
   he said this would only increase the flow of people and `` aggravate a humanitarian problem '' . 
   `` we do n't need statements that create buzz on this topic , we need long-term action . '', 
  i 'd go wit the likes of thatcher , kohl , de-gaul , gorbachev maybe blair . . then it sort of depends on what major events happen . 
  if the uk leaves the eu i can see merkel remaining pretty prominent . 
  putin is a possibility too , but i think that will depend on what happens after he has gone more than anything else . 
   i hope by god nato decision makers know better than that . 
  indeed . 
   most of the migrants would then be squatting in the pre-check zone of dover no , they would n't have , because no-one is going to carry them if they face fines for doing so and end up having to carry them back ( or back to the country that issued their travel documents . . ) when they get stopped at dover . 
  it might be different if some significant majority were likely to have asylum claims ( although , they 'd still end up back in france given the dublin regulation )  or would have jumped overboard and swam ashore , or would have gotten caught in shitty boats by the british coast guard . 
  both of those things they could do now , but do n't seem to be doing in large numbers ... 
  it wo n't clear the migrants from calais , it 'll just shift the burden and some of the cost on to the carriers . 
   globally it 's certainly not better , but if our countries stop playing ball together , from france 's point of view only it can be quite tempting to try . 
  and from the uks point of view , france should really do something about the situation whereby they facilitate easy movement from outside of the eu , to the uk border without sensible checks in place . . 
  i love how this is made out to be a uk problem , when it seems pretty clear that it is anything but . . 
   given the pain in the ass that this is to manage , it 's understandable that france could consider ditching that agreement and accept the slowness of traffic instead . 
  i 'm not sure it is a pain in the ass to manage compared to the alternative . 
  i mean , you 'd essentially have france in the same situation with migrants but now you 'd also have to have entry checks and probably more undocumented returns ( even just people who forget their passport . . ) . 
  where is the upside ? 
   so the best argument for not doing away with the ta is apparently the comfort of travelers . 
  and trade . .  really , i wonder why such tensions around such a triffling subject . 
  the tensions are around france 's inability to deal with the migrants it has camping in calais , and trying to pass the responsibility on to someone else . 
   i 'll save this thread , to repost it in a year or two ( possibly ) . 
  superb . 
   i do n't understand . 
  do you mean that the status quo is not a better proposition ? 
  should have read ` does n't '   there is downside for the uk ; i 'm not so sure for the eu ; again , we 'd need to consider whether intra-eu trade would replace imports from the uk . 
  and i think it 's clear that both imports and exports to and from the uk would be impacted if barriers are put in place . 
   the uk 's disadvantage is its distance from alternative suppliers - even applying a tariff to eu goods they might remain competitive relative to goods shipped from the americas , for example . 
  i doubt it given the way global markets work but it 's possible . 
  that would of course depend on what other agreements the uk puts in place too . 
   applying a tariff to uk goods entering the eu might make them uncompetitive relative to similar goods sourced inside the eu , however . 
  it might , but again , seems incredibly unlikely . 
  i suppose what it comes down to is that we do n't know what the situation will look like , what we do know is that the eu is already having issues competing with the likes of china and the us , it would be silly for the likes of germany and france to price themselves out of the uk markets or to utterly undermine existing bilateral trade . 
  that 'd largely come down to what the eu wants to do of course , the uk would be looking for open bilateral trade , i realise that many eu states have a far more protectionist bent , but that tends to be bad for competitiveness too , so in the long run it 'd only doing more damage to those industries . 
  that does n't move the migrants to the uk ... 
  it keeps them in france given they still ca n't get to the uk , and the few that might get to the uk would end up being sent back to france anyway , with that cost going to the carriers . 
  you ca n't export your failure to deal with this migrant crisis to the uk . . 
  no , because that still means entry checks , which means stopping half way ... again , the whole point of these agreements is to prevent annoying issues where carriers have to return passengers and where we need to make transit more complex and slower for passengers and freight . . 
   okay , so the position is `` let 's vote in favour of this , and we 'll see what happens afterwards '' ? 
  the position is that membership of the eu is problematic , the benefits it provides are outweighed by the costs . 
  that does n't mean we know everything about what will happen when the uk leaves , but it ~ ~ does ~ ~ does n't mean that the status-quo ( and current direction of travel ) is a better proposition . 
   there does n't have to be because it 's not an all-or-nothing situation . 
  tariffs between the eu and uk based on wto levels would still make trade between the two entities efficient and competitive vis a vis the rest of the world . 
  nobody thinks that trade would cease entirely , but it may become 2 % to 3 % more expensive if the uk is outside the customs union .
