  because the general trend of the eu has been to move powers away from the council and the commission and towards the european parliament . 
  i should have been clearer , westminster . 
   i do n't know about that , the main issue for me seems to be the lack of a common european language and thus there is no common european media for us to consume from . 
  we consume national media at the moment . 
  i do n't think even with federalism you 'll end up with a common language , or common media . 
  there are already pan-european media organisations ( and global ones . . ) as well as a de-facto language . . 
  but obviously organisations will cater to people who are able and interested in their offerings , which means either multi-lingual stuff ( which there is a bit of ) or language , if not national separation . 
  in any case , there is nothing stopping there being eu wide media organisations now and it is n't really happening in the sense i think you mean . 
   why ? 
  i 'm pro-eu but that does n't mean i want to rule out leaving , and i think ruling out anything is a generally a bad idea . 
  we can not know what the future holds , so we should keep all options open to us . 
  because at present i think those would be bad for me and the uk . 
  i might change my mind in the future , but right now that 's what i 'd like . .  in particular what gives you this impression ? 
  it 's hard to argue against vague problems . 
  broadly the reaction to suggestions that there should be negotiations on issues . 
  there is a lot of domestic political impact on the eu and what the eu is open to doing ( and that includes from the uk side obviously ) . 
  but that puts a bias on the status quo , which makes it harder to fix things that do n't work without some sort of crisis . .  the eu is rather strange in that it is bicemeral but has a virtual third chamber due to this particular piece of legislation : * the national parliaments of eu member states have an `` early warning mechanism '' whereby if one third raise an objection -- a `` yellow card '' -- on the basis that the principle of subsidiarity has been violated then the proposal must be reviewed . 
  if a majority do so -- an `` orange card '' -- then the council or parliament can vote it down immediately . 
  if the logistical problems of putting this into practice are overcome , then the power of the national parliaments could be described as an extra legislature , without a common debate or physical location . 
  * which is all well and good , but given that measures shown both a yellow and orange card can be maintained anyway it is n't that useful , and at no point is actual direct scrutiny required ( and obviously it requires majority agreement , which does n't solve my problem with it . . ) . 
  it 's that pretty much the same as anywhere ? 
  this was pretty much always going to be an issue with the abandonment of nuclear . 
  i do n't really understand why there has n't been more of a push back either . . 
   fair point , though even those losses ( and the opinions polls ) could n't point to the extreme drubbing they got in the general election , there were certainly bigger things afoot . 
  the council elections should , if you look at the losses per year , you will note that it was pretty major in non ge years and massive in 2015 . 
  obviously fptp ( and by the way , the whole av thing was a crappy compromise . . ) makes it more pronounced in the ge but lets not pretend that from the grass roots up , the lib dems took a massive pounding that was absolutely down to a loss of trust . 
   i 'm not sure that corbyn is going to last long enough as party leader for the blairites to split off and form something to the right of labour , more likely the split will be a new party to the left ( if it happens ) . 
  i 'm waiting to see what happens with the membership to be honest . . 
  it 's all a bit of a mess at the moment . 
  that i ca n't disagree with . 
   that had very little to do with the liberal democrats ' performance it really did ... the lib dems lost voters and activists over their performance . 
  they lost the support of civil society groups that would normally support the lib dems as a matter of course ...  it was more the result of the conservatives and labour polling so closely in the run up to the election , causing lib dem voters to switch to the left or right to keep out whichever party they were most against ( especially true of people switching to the tories over fears that labour might form a coalition with the snp ) . 
  that would make much more sense if the lib dems had n't also taken a pasting in council elections ( in 2013 , 2014 and 2015 ... ) and in the eu elections do n't you think ? 
   it remains to be seen what will happen to the lib dem party in the future , especially with the split in labour . 
  it does , but i ca n't see anything good coming out of it . 
  even if labour split there would n't be a flight to the lib dems , but there may be a flight from the lib dems to whatever emerges . . 
   i think the main problem is that the eu is just such a young institution that has n't really had the opportunity to allow a country to de-integrate for instance . 
  that 's an interesting point , although i suppose the question is whether it looks like it 'd allow it . 
  from here that seems somewhat unlikely . 
   to be honest you could probably call the british referendum `` de-integration '' anyway , mainly because ukip and most eurosceptics still want an fta with the eu and therefore will still have to abide by its regulations . 
  indeed , a two stream/two speed europe , with the eu ( and potentially the eurozone as a separate entity ) being the ` fast ' lane , the remainder taking a different path and their time . .  we will just not be in a political union anymore . 
  indeed , it also culls the notion of future integration that ( politically , militarily , legally . . ) does seem genuinely problematic for many people . 
   would you class that as `` de-integration '' ? 
  essentially it comes down to control and accountability sitting with parliament and the devolved assemblies and more review of those bodies of our relationship and interaction with the eu as a bloc . 
  to be honest that would at the very least , put eu politics more on show and make it harder for it to be misused by politicians , and abused as some external entity . 
  i 'd also want to rule out a federal eu state with the uk as a member , the uk joining the single currency , the eu being granted additional competencies ( and uk courts reviewing eu competencies too , much like the german constitutional court ) , and any unified eu military ( outside of defence agreements involving forces under national control . ) . 
  but above all , i 'd like to see some willingness for the eu to look back and correct mistakes and deal with objections and potentially contentious issues . 
  essentially everything should be up for review , all the time ( much as with our own parliament ) . 
  at the moment it really does n't feel like that is even remotely possible . 
   surely the very fact that we are having this referendum proves you wrong ? 
  that countries can actually `` de-integrate '' . 
  that 's a poor argument given the referendum is one of leaving the block within which this de-integration is supposedly impossible . 
  i do n't think anyone is suggesting that secession ( for want of a better word . . ) is impossible , but rather that de-integration without secession is . 
   yeah , ttip is hardly going to be on people 's minds 3,5 years from now . 
  why not ? 
  given there wo n't even be an agreement until early 2016 at the very earliest ( and mid 2017 is more likely . . ) and it 'll still have to be ratified by the european council ( the member states - which likely means parliamentary approval in some states , constitutional challenges too . . ) and the european parliament , 2019 does n't seem that far out . 
  it 'll be down to national parliaments in the end . 
  well yeah , but that would make this incompetence , or negligence , whilst shooting down a ukrainian military cargo aircraft would be a continuation of the various other shoot downs . 
   if you do n't tell the truth and try to bullshit them then they are less likely to trust you . 
  absolutely ...  anyone with a basic understanding of the eu or is old enough to remember the 1970s will be well aware of the range of negative ( mandy , gravy train , waste ) how can you refute this and hope to persuade a layperson if you do n't prepare for it ? 
  otherwise you just come across as a preaching bullshiter who is ignorant of the unpleasant facts . 
  my point was that if this is your view of the eu at present ( which is how it came across ) then why would you even be trying to persuade people to stay ? 
  your comment was an argument to leave , not one to remain ( i suppose the argument to remain in context would be that it is currently this , but could be something so much better with a bit of reform etc. . ) . 
  and whilst that is lovely and all , it 's pretty irrelevant to public perception and indeed the reality . 
  the lib dems did quite a few things that i agree with and that the general public seem to like , when working with the conservatives in government . 
  but they also did quite a few things that people really did n't like when in government and a lot of their support came from people who really did n't like that . 
  which is why it crumbled horribly in the general election ( you know , 15 % loss in vote share , 49 mps ... ) . . 
  the really important part is that the lib dems managed to not do things that lib dem supporters liked , and did things that lib dem supporters did n't like , even if previously the party itself had said something different . 
  so with this , it 's lovely that the lib dems might have been more likely to put this forward if they were still in government , but then they may not have , and also they may have supported conservative policies to burn puppies whilst they were at it ... 
  but that 's ok because the lib dems have made themselves relatively irrelevant and gone from being mostly liked to hated by a remarkable number of people !, 
   i doubt any intelligence was really capable to prevent this terrorist act from happening once it was conceived in the heads of russian generals . 
  i 'm confused as to why russian generals would want to shoot down mh17 . . 
  surely it makes far more sense that it was shot down through incompetence , or negligence rather than malice ? 
  you might be right about the liberal democrat aspect , although i doubt it . 
  even in government the libdems seemed far to reticent to use the support that they had gained ( so we end up with the issues around tuition fees , secret courts , policing , vat , nhs reform etc. . ) and obviously blew their electoral chances so spectacularly that it 's pretty immaterial what they might have done . 
   what 's strange to me is that labour and the conservatives basically have the same drug policy , and every other party ; including ukip and the greens are far more liberal on the subject of drugs . 
  that is n't strange at all , it 's the product of what you suggested in your middle paragraph - they both represent broadly the stated opinions of people who vote . . 
  they do n't generally want to get pulled into what they see as vote losing propositions , whilst the smaller parties , like ukip , the greens and the lib dems are in a position where they do want those votes ( because they gain more than they lose ) . 
  and how is this a case for continued involvement in something that you seem to suggests is now just `` a lot of political and business people have grown extremely wealthy from '' [ ... ] `` while another generation of gravy train riders stick two fingers at those they represent . '', 
  seems more of an argument to leave , since we ca n't actually go back to 1978 . 
   tell them that 1,5 mln poles will have to leave if uk says no and you will lost coz of it around 2-3 % gdp yearly and that 's a lot . 
  which , not being accurate , might not be the best approach . . 
   residency requirements for insurance eligibility are a uk policy decision , it 's been a few years since i was up to date with the matter . 
  indeed , that 's kind of my point . 
  ehic only applies if you have cover in your home country , nhs cover is based on residency ( or as an exportable benefit under some conditions ) so for brits resident abroad , they have no nhs cover ( and indeed they do n't have access to the nhs if they nip back to the uk for anything other than emergency care - although the nhs generally does n't check . . ) . 
  it 's not citizenship based . .  and that new deal will likely consist out of `` follow our rules '' . 
  any change in either ruleset will disrupt it too , later on . 
  possibly , but probably not . 
  the current arrangements are arguably is beneficial for both spain ( economically . . ) and the uk ( politically , maybe . . ) i ca n't see anyone wanting to mess that up . 
  the same goes for the wider eu . 
  there is no point in putting barriers to movement or tourism in place as it harms everyone . 
   i dont think the eu is perfect , and no governing organisation is , but i believe that reforms can be made from within the eu that will benefit all citizens of europe . 
  i 'd say that this is broadly your staring point . 
  quite a few of those who currently intend to vote ` out ' would be swayed by reform of the eu and some idea of whether that reform brings the eu into line with what they want for both the uk and the eu . 
  for quite a lot of people that would mean less in the way of political union , no currency union and so on . 
  if you can show that that kind of reform is possible , you might be able to sway a few people in your direction . 
  obviously if you ca n't ( and at the moment it does n't look like there will be so ... ) then you 'll have to be able to make the argument that even without the reform you 'd like to see , and potentially with closer union and pressure to join the euro that staying in is still somehow preferable . 
  that 'd be harder , and takes us to your second point :  i also strongly believe that the costs of membership are vastly outweighed by the huge benefits we receive , such as the single market , increased trade ... of that set of points , i think you 'll have some difficulty . 
  it 's unlikely that the uk would lose access to the single market or lose out in trade terms ( the uk makes up a huge chunk of that market , and obviously it 's in everyone 's interest to make sure access , in both directions remains . 
   freedom to travel , live , and work in the eu , massively increased global influence , and judicial/security benefits coming from the enhanced cooperation between members .
