  more to the point , they ca n't advertise the stuff you can buy on the non bbc-worldwide channels and i 'd rather have it that way than just another channel with adverts on ... as to getting more people to watch it , the bbc makes its money licensing its content to other providers so the bbc would likely lose out not see some advantage . 
  that 's all already done through bbc worldwide . 
   they could put a plug in the straight of hormuz but they could n't strangle the americans . 
  no they could n't strangle them , but it 'd massively up prices ( with the inevitable economic impact ) even for the us , after all , the us would n't be the only customer for that canadian oil . 
   blockade would only ever occur if things had severely gone to shit . 
  a blockade would n't occur because it is n't militarily useful ...  the salient point is that in the asymmetry is heavily in favor of the americans and that 's what we want . 
  of course it is , but it applies to pretty much every non-nuclear armed state in the world . 
  comparatively though , iran would be a pain in the backside for the us to intervene in militarily when compared to say , iraq or afghanistan or even syria . 
  not to mention that iran is a useful wedge available to other powers , so it could get messy quickly ... all in iran is no match for the us , but regionally it is a big dog which could become a much bigger one ( and the same could be said for germany/japan/nigeria etc. . in their respective spheres ) which then gets interesting in terms of us interests , especially because of the history between the us and iran . 
   strong military , weak navy , america could put an effective blockade on iran in an afternoon . 
  they could , but they would n't . 
  conflict with iran would be incredibly costly for the us and pretty much everyone else ( it 'd be short , but expensive both in lives and economic impact ) . 
  a naval blockade ( apart from the questionable usefulness of a blockade of a country that has land borders with lots of countries ... ) . would invite retaliation from iran , and whilst their navy might be crap they have enough land based missile systems to severely screw with 40 % of the worlds oil tanker traffic . . 
  i think it 'll be problematic in the context of scottish independence , but the legislation for the referendum is in place . 
  if there is a vote across the uk for the uk to leave the uk , the uk will begin the process of leaving the eu and there is no process outside of parliament that could prevent that . 
  what 's more , it would be democratically indefensible for parliament to ignore a referendum result . . at that point i assume scotland will look at options for another referendum , which parliament would have to grant . . 
  there was a suggestion that in the event of a referendum to leave the eu that scotland should get another independence referendum . 
   unless all constituent countries independently agree to leave it wo n't be legal or something . 
  the parliament in westminster could ( but obviously would n't ) dissolve the devolved parliaments , it is sovereign so as long as it follows its own rules there is no-one that can really do anything about it . 
  you have to remember that the supreme court ( formerly the law lords . . ) ca n't strike down legislation or overrule parliament . 
   i 'd also be wary of grouping scotland with england/wales , their political parties are regularly shown to be more pro-eu than the rest of the uk . 
  to be fair there will be lots of regional variation in popular feeling but it is the uk that is the member , not the constituent parts . . 
  in terms of politicians though , it 's sort of immaterial if regional ( or even council . . ) governments include more parties of a given persuasion given it 's the westminster parliament that is responsible for the uks foreign/trade and so on , policy . 
   yeah , my housemate at uni used to write to them a bit . 
  first letter tends to be a standard response on general policy issues ( not say , ` my civil service pension has n't arrived ' or something else that can be dealt with directly ) , after that you can have a dialogue , but it depends on the mp . 
  surgeries are very accessible too though . 
   ca n't say it ever seemed to have much effect versus the party whip though . 
  a single letter , petition signature , whatever is n't going to anyway . 
  sitting down with people or actually pushing works quite well though , and like i said it is about dialogue too , you would n't expect an mp to take on any position of a constituent , but you 'd expect them to deal with problems that they can deal with and explain why they hold a position . . that 's fairly important . 
   i think maybe we should have one house using single transferable vote and another using party lists ( we should just accept that political parties are here to stay ) . 
  i 'd still say that the link to places is important and that people feel that they are being represented is what 's missing in large parts of the country , i do n't think either of that those things , or both would solve that without some other aspects . 
  and i 'm really not sure about two elected chambers . 
   but how many people really know their mp now ? 
  populations are such that it is n't possible or feasible for an mp to have such a relationship with their constituents . 
  it mostly is though , i 'm willing to bet that you can get time to talk to your mp about reform of the electoral system within 14 days . . 
  the problem to a certain extent is that people do n't ( seriously , try lobbying your mp on an issue that is important to you , it 's amazing how much impact you can have ) and so it does seem more like a plain numbers game , at which point just making sure that broadly seats are allocated based on the number of votes starts to make sense at the loss of something fairly important . 
   the country has changed - populations are higher and people want more choice than just tory or labour without having to risk ` wasting ' their vote . 
  our electoral system must reflect these changes . 
  that 's kind of where i was coming from with preference voting , i just do n't quite know how you implement that in a manner that actually helps with proportionality if you use it in single member constituencies . . 
  the problem with fptp is that it is shite , but that it also works fairly well in context and that the context is fairly important . 
  i used to be of the opinion that basically a government should be elected on a proportional basis , but i 've slowly come round to seeing the geographic link as important . 
  government is n't supposed to be all about parties , but peoples representatives from various areas - real representatives , that you can go and talk to , shout at , have tea with etc. . 
  the uk 's system does sort of do that . 
  adding lists , or multi-member constituencies would , in my view break that link to a certain extent and introduce entirely new problems . 
  it would better represent the makeup of the country , but i 'm not sure it would work better or really improve representation generally . 
  maybe there is a balance to be found , maybe a change to the lords could help that , ( although an unelected upper house seems to be a good idea on the evidence available so far . . ) , maybe additional member lists , or some other reform ... 
  the scottish system is an interesting compromise so maybe we should look across the border for inspiration and at least include a preference vote mechanism . 
   the legislation has passed through the european parliament , a body that danes have voted for , and through the european council ( the council of ministers , the danish one being also nationally elected ) , where denmark has equal decision power as germany and great britain and france . 
  yes ...  how that is ` external ' and not ` normal ' escapes me . 
  it 's not national legislation , it 's eu legislation ... 
  so it is very much different . 
  legislation enacted nationally can be altered or repealed nationally , it is entirely possible for a decision to be reversed and danes can hold their elected representatives to account and responsible for the entirety of national legislation . 
  decisions at the eu level can be made with the apparent or actual opposition of a specific member , they will involve compromise between danish and other interests and those involved can not be easily held to account and indeed blame and responsibility can be seen to be shifted . 
  well , surely the correct vote from those who do n't like the eu , or want less to do with the eu would be to vote no ? 
  i suppose the point would be that this opt-in , into a subset of directives that denmark has opted out of is a bringing in of externally created legislation , rather than say , passing substantially similar legislation via a normal legislative process . . at the very least its a minor surrender of sovereignty and you could argue that it could set a direction of travel that leads to more and closer union with the eu , substantially eroding sovereignty and weakening each voters ability to control the way they are governed . 
   when i notice i 'm self censoring and changing what i say it scares me this is really fundamental and i 'm glad you brought it up , because it indicates another generational shift on these issues , albeit one that is even more profound than the ceasefire - people growing up today , my kids people maybe a decade younger than i am , do n't seem to self censor to anything like the degree that my peers do , i 'm not sure whether it 'll simply lead to a much more open society ( my native optimism showing through ... ) or massive amounts of regret , and that 's in relation to handing over data , opinions publicly , never mind private communications and stuff likely subject to intercept ( so everything else ... ) . 
   i know plenty of people get by with limbs and parts of organs missing . 
  losing a part of my mind to anything , never mind something as constant and nagging as policing my thoughts and actions is much worse than an acute threat of physical injury . 
  say it anyway , if you balance your priorities like that , the worst they can do to you is already less bad than what you are less worried about . . 
  there is also a lot more you can do about mass surveillance than most things so it sort of balances . 
  but yeah , huge problem , gets less attention than the more violent and possibly easier to understand ones . 
  that should change . . 
   and the attack on palace really pissed me off , do not fuck with a postie . 
  agreed . 
   i do n't know maybe it 's because i 've got police and survivors of various bombings in my immediate family , so it 's always been a background thought , but it 's just really hard to afraid of your existence randomly ending compared to a constant minor oppression looming over you from drag net like data gathering . 
  i 've probably spent too much time with a torch strapped to a mirror looking under a car . . 
  the surveillance stuff is immediate and there is only so much that can be done to mitigate it ( z big like clear bags in rubbish bins really ) , it is n't that random , it 's blanket , its less scary for that if more intrusive . 
  if there were something more i could do to prevent it then i would , but right now there does n't seem to be . 
  on the terrorism side , i do n't think i 'm going to get shot or blown up , its really unlikely , but if a clear bin bag , and a few less bins is all it takes to reduce the risk of getting a side of shrapnel from a pipe bomb then i 'm all for it . 
   i 'd much rather an increased chance of randomly ceasing to be than having to expend effort everyday to minimise the information gathered about me in order to feel like i have any semblance of a private existence . 
  tbh i 'm more bothered by devices that maim or cause injury . 
  deaths are relatively rare , being in the wrong place and getting a pretty horrific injury is massively more likely , like more than 10x as likely and you obviously increase your chances if you happen to live in certain places or use certain public transport or do certain jobs so . . as to protecting your own info , that 's more a product of the time , its easy to collect and far too easy to abuse ( and there is a cost to protecting it . . ) . 
  the state surveillance aspect is a real problem that needs dealing with - but it can be , there are people fighting it , we 'll get there , although we may never have bins on platforms again . . 
  i have far more of a problem with state spying than terrorists too broadly , except when that threat rises . 
  i 'd be far less bothered about terrorism if it were n't for the broad variety of shits who are still more than happy to bomb stuff not . 
  it 's not as though the bombing has stopped ( the level of ineptitude has risen . . ) . 
  just the last little while there was the palace barracks ( last week ? 
  week before ? ), 
  before that belfast again with pipe bombs and lurgan at the end of july ... 
  if you are a police officer in ni you are still checking your car , you are still worried about your kids . 
  less , but it 's still there . 
  so you balance the cost against the real threat ( not the made up by the media and politicians ` aaaaaagh , we are all going to die threat ) ... for that clear bags at train stations and no bins on platforms seems pretty minor against 30 lives . . 
  the bin bombing in victoria was only in the 90s and it was pretty horrific iirc so it 's probably right that a lesson like that from fairly recently is n't set aside entirely just yet . . 
  the joint top companies are british and kenyan and out of the top 10 , 4 are us based , 4 are eu based ( with 2 uk based ... ) so i 'm not sure how accurate that might be . 
  plus i do n't think us companies at this level have vastly more money to spend either ( and the biggest firms you might expect to see microsoft/apple are absent too . . ) . 
  the uk is in a really strange situation right now , the housing market is saturated with buyers and we are in a period where there are n't enough houses on the market , not enough being built and a whole load of other issues that are keeping house prices insanely high with no real suggestion they are going to be eased ( politically its a major issue , the government ca n't preside over a major drop in house prices , but people need places to live so ... ) . 
  in short , whilst there might be a slow down of investment driven growth from asia , that is only one of the drivers at present and not even the only one when it comes to investment . . 
   pretty much all of europe had rationing during the war rationing ended in the uk in 1954 , so it had a whole generation that essentially learned to be very frugal with food because of scarcity . . 
  as amusing as that is as a statement , i just heard that kids ca n't work at all until they are 13 any-more , so no paper round or helping out at the local shop for a bit of extra cash any more . . 
  absolutely . 
  on the wider eu side , i 'm not sure it really falls into any of the eu competencies , so i do n't know whether a citizens initiative is the right route . 
  i 'd have thought petitioning/lobbying national governments that could actually apply legislation like this would make more sense . 
  germany is a global power , it does have geopolitical power and is able to get what it wants to some degree on the national stage . 
  that power , much like chinas , comes from its economic position not its military might . 
  geopolitical power is n't about glory or pride or nationalism , it is a real thing that has real benefits for the country wielding it . 
  indeed it is increased geopolitical power ( through both combined economic and military muscle ) is the usual argument for promoting closer union within europe and unified military structures . 
  to dismiss it as some sort of self glorification is beyond absurd . 
  see , much closer examples !, 
  do you really not see a difference between those two things or did you just reach for the nearest and largest hyperbolic example you could think of ? 
  technically ?
