  you are right though , the wider problem needs to be addressed by the eu and schengen states specifically , but france is not powerless to act , it has the means to do something about this problem at least . 
  and it should . 
  given these migrants would generally not have the right to travel to the uk i do n't see how this would make any difference at all . 
  if they are looking to seek asylum , they can only make that application if they are in the uk , but they have no way of getting to the uk because there are border controls in place . 
  they could claim asylum in france ( and many do . . ) as they are in france ... that is the same as with any other country , i ca n't claim asylum in norway because i like it better if i arrive in italy . . 
  the touquet agreement means that immigrations and customs controls are in france , that means if you have someone without leave to enter the uk , they do n't get to travel . 
  that is how it is supposed to work ( it makes the various cross channel routes more effective , because you do n't have to stop on the border , but rather checks are carried out at embarkation points . . ) . 
  france could decide that this was a problem and pull out of the treaty , if it did , that would likely have an immediate and negative impact on cross channel movement though , if there were significant illegal migrant flows from france , because france is not dealing with illegal immigration at her own borders , then i would imagine the uk would be under massive pressure to limit transit and place obligations on operators . . 
  but right now , the issue is in france and france is capable , more than capable in fact , of dealing with the issue if she wants . . 
  the most salient point here is this one :  france just ca n't send them back or arrest them before they 've been rejected by uk . 
  yes it can . 
  they are in france now they are subject to french law and . 
  the uk has n't moved the borders , there is absolutely nothing from stopping france from taking action . 
  the agreements we have in place involve carrying out immigration and customs checks before people get to the uk from france or to france from the uk ( because it 's much , much more convenient . . ) . 
  but it does n't mean that france can not detain , process and or remove people off its own bat ...  it 's only that uk do n't respect and apply their part of le touquet bilateral treaty . 
  i 'm interested in that though , what part has the uk failed to apply properly ? 
   as soon as they reach uk they can seek refugee status , then claim support . 
  if they reach the uk , and if they qualify as refugees ... 
  in which case great , they are entitled to # 36.95 for each person in their household per week and no access to other benefits unless at some point in the future they are granted leave to remain . 
  of course many of the migrants in calais wo n't qualify as asylum seekers so if they do make it to the uk , they 'll enter the country and work illegally ( and be deported if detected . . ) which , as you 'll probably be aware , makes it somewhat difficult to claim benefits . 
   that made me laugh . 
  fist article of google : net migration is around 330,000 , of that eu migration is 180,000 , the remainder is subject to fairly tight controls ...  and the fact that lots of muslim families live off child support and reproduce like rabbits attracts other immigrants , who wish to do exactly that . 
  except of course people who enter the country illegally ( as those at calais would ) are n't entitled to child support or indeed any other benefits , so even if your inaccurate characterisation were correct , it would n't apply here . 
  so ... no ? 
   of course it 's doable . 
  but they do n't want to stay in france !, 
  otherwise the situation would be solved by now . 
  right , so detain them or remove them ... last time i checked france was a reasonably capable country with a working police force , i 'm not sure on the state of it 's custom and immigration control people , but i 'm sure they exist and are capable . . 
  i mean , iirc around 30,000 people go through immigration detention in the uk before removal each year and something like 40,000 people are removed or voluntarily remove themselves , so i 'm sure france can process and remove , or process and detain the people in calais ...  they try to sneak across the border with trucks , car . . by any mean necessary . 
  the point is that they should n't have the opportunity , they are illegally in france , they should either be normalising their immigration status in some way and in that process , claiming asylum or be being detained and then removed ... 
  i do n't entirely understand why they have been allowed to simply remain in calais when they have no right to be in france in the first place . 
   uk did n't affect the situation in calais specifically , but it ( and the western eu countries ) affected the whole europe by their ludicrous immigration and social policies . 
  how are the uks immigration policies ( which are fairly tightly controlled for non-eu migrants . . ) and social policies to blame for calais or the wider schengen refugee and migrant situation ? 
   how neat . 
  we should use that argument ourselves . 
  well . . yeah . 
  moving vast numbers of migrants mixed in with refugees is n't idea , it means the support for actual refugees is undermined and your legal migration system is essentially wrecked . 
  trying to support refugees more directly and ensuring that your borders are sufficiently protected and removal processes sufficiently robust to make illegal migration less attractive than legal routes seems like a decent approach . 
   tell that to united kingdom . 
  tell what to the uk ? 
  the uk is n't part of schengen , has effective border controls ( also , is an island . . ) and really ca n't be held responsible for the situation in calais . 
  these people are in france , they have the ability to claim asylum if they want to and france should be able to remove them if they are not eligible . 
  the fact that they want to come to the uk does n't suddenly make it a uk issue , if they get to the uk it is , but right now they are in calais . 
   no one really knows what to do with them . 
  assess whether they have a right to be in france , if they do n't they need to either begin an asylum process or face detention in a sensible and safe environment until they can be returned to their country of origin . 
  that seems reasonable , and perfectly possible . . 
  nope ? 
  this 'd be a military coup during spain 's transition from a francoist military dictatorship to democracy ... 
   yet one of those criticisms gets all the spotlight in the world , while the other gets swept under the rug behind all the `` love your country '' and `` we 're in this together '' collectivist bullshit . 
  seriously ? 
  the same people who point out issues with democracy in the eu are generally exactly the same people who have issues with the democratic process at the national level . 
  and even if that were n't the case , it does n't change the fact that the ue has significant issues when it comes to representation and there is little impetus for change . 
  his position is still problematic though , because both have an impact on sovereignty , just to different degrees . 
  the degrees are important . . 
  both do , in fact anything that places limits on a country to exercise its own sovereignty has an impact on it . 
  the point of course is how many limits and how many delegated powers people are happy with . 
  at the end of the day , unless the eu actually goes down the federal route , the uk remains sovereign ... 
  the problem from a uk perspective and from the perspective of people who would rather the uk exercise sovereignty is that the amount of delegation required to be a member of the eu is now excessive and they 'd rather roll that back ( some would also argue that the amount of delegation has greater costs than the benefits provided through membership ) . 
  i assume it 's a defined legal term given the way it was specified . 
  do you happen to know what the definition of criminal activity against the state in a german context ? 
   the bbc is pretty bad , which is a shame because at one point in time i respected it above many other publications . 
  really ? 
  the bbc is about as good as it gets , i literally ca n't think of another large broadcaster and media organisation that comes close ...  honestly given these last couple of months , i 've found myself thinking that the shit on bbc and the guardian is possibly more harmful than the daily mail or breitbart in that at least with the latter two you expect to have to verify your find and ask around for a possible angle . 
  the guardian has a very obvious bias , if you include cif type content it gets to nutty levels of reporting at times , but the bbc is n't even close , it does a good job of being neutral in its reporting and manages to run decent elements of opinion too , and the bbc does a generally good job of challenging politicians and other prominent figures in a way that tends not to happen to one side or the other on any given issue when you are talking about other broadcasters . . 
   but under the circumstances they do a pretty good job of representing all positions fairly . 
  they do an incredible job or reporting , the problem for some people seems to be that the reporting is n't the same as the messages they get from the groups that they support ( which should n't be surprising . . ) . 
  all in i think the bbc do a good job , failures at times in various directions , but hey , it 's an organisation , that 'll happen regardless and they do seem to respond to failures too and try to prevent them in future ... what more can you ask for ? 
  agreed , i was just picking one random item that 's sharing the feeds with the ` brexit fears ' article . 
  the possibility of brexit will be a factor in pricing the pound ( obviously . . ) but i do n't think this is an indication of that yet and i think things will look at bit different later this afternoon too ( based on current trading ... ) . 
  but i 'll stick with my , not enough to read anything into yet point from earlier . 
  that bastard . 
  because quite a few things happened yesterday ( and over the weekend ) , hsbc announced a $ 1.3 billion loss for the final quarter for example ... 
  if this is a reaction to eu exit fears , we 'll see the trend continue if it is n't ( or more likely , is a whole mixture of things . . ) then something else might happen . . 
  but at the end of the day it 's hard to tie stuff to specific events unless they are major and the impact is very marked , this is n't that yet . 
  there was for example , a far more major drop on the 2nd december 2015 ( so a bit over two months ago . . ) , care to pick a reason ? 
  alternatively , the ftse is up above 6000 since trading this morning . . is that a reaction too , or is something else causing that ? 
  broadly speaking , calling a moderate contraction over the period of a few hours ` biggest decline in a year ' in february is a bit hyperbolic , linking it to news on the eu is probably a little premature ... 
  i would n't be at all surprised if the pound closes around , or even above where it opened , but i would n't presume to call it renewed confidence in brexit after people had the time to read the papers either . . 
   `` on the world at one martha kearney has just said that , according to the bbc 's numbers , 111 tory mps are currently in the remain camp , and 97 are backing leave . '', 
  and tory mps are most tories now ? 
  come on ... 
  and around it was on the 11th , and above where it was between about april 2008 and january 2015 . 
  trying to tie it specifically to an event is a bit premature . . 
   it seems extremely tacky  eurovision, 
  but it 's legal tender !, 
   most politicians want the uk to remain in the eu . 
  the papers want a fight as it 's good for business so are amplifying the `` leave '' campaign 's voice . 
  but not most tories , i 'm not a tory , but cameron is ... 
  he 'll be liable to his party on this not to me ... 
  i doubt you 'll need a visa any time soon for anything other than work . . even then i 'm willing to bet it 'll be relatively simple . 
  i 'll be hungover and sleep deprived , but i 'll take a moment to think of you as an excuse to have a last drink before going to ... work ? 
  this may not work out well . 
   yes , hence the `` like '' . 
  i did n't paid enough attention to remind myself who it was tbh ; but the ideology is the same the ideology absolutely was n't the same though . . christ on a bike , it 'd take you maybe two minutes to have a look at that , especially on policy and positions of the labour party ...  obviously not , and it 's a heavy contention point . 
  but several people told me at the time they voted torries because it was `` the lesser evil '' and their leader cameron was n't nutty unlike others in which case they were clearly somewhat confused , the three main parties ( at the time ) had leaders that were incredibly similar ... corbyn is of a totally different mould ... and probably almost entirely unelectable . . 
   you misunderstand what i wanted to say : lots of young people are very left wing . 
  but they picked the '' torry '' vote to vote cameron because they did n't trusted other leaders at the time . 
  i do n't think that 's terribly credible ... to be clear , you think lots of young people , who are left wing , voted tory ( which is absurd on its own by the by ) on the promise of austerity and more service cuts . . because they did n't like the leaders of the greens , liberal democrats , or labour ( who collectively got more votes than the conservatives ) . .  possibly that people like corbyn are awefully naive . 
  ffs he even wanted to negociate with al baghdadi in syria and advocated disarming the uk . 
  hence the large '' torry '' vote .
