  its probably the member state least on board with quite a few elements of the eu and certainly with the potential future of the project , but i do n't think that is all that unique . 
  although i do think the size of the uk and it 's relative weight within the eu means it can do more with that . 
   we should stop the ` menu card brussels ' though . 
  all members should adopt everything , or nothing . 
  possibly and indeed probably right . 
  but then there has to be an assumption that progress toward closer union , improved institutions and significant changes to the eu will take a lot more time too . 
  the eu will fall to bits if it tries to drive too much too quickly , there is a point at which even for the smaller states , the cost/benefit starts to skew toward cost , even if it 's just in terms of perception and public pressure . 
   a brexit seems like the best outcome to both parties to me . 
  i ca n't really disagree , although i do n't think the uk is unique in its positions within the eu , just the most obvious ( and largest ... ) at the moment . 
  and whilst i agree that the uk leaving would be best for all concerned , i 'd quite like to see a functional eu afterwards too , and i do think the direction of travel and political landscape within the eu needs serious reform regardless of whether the uk is in or not . 
  the uk would n't be asking for special treatment , after all , the eu is perusing trade deals with lots of countries , most of which carry out far less trade with the eu than the uk does . . 
  the eu will want to continue to have access to uk markets and the uk would want to continue to have access to eu markets . 
  the only difference really is that the uk would be a former eu member , but i 'm really not sure how that is relevant . 
  i 'd probably also add that if italy decided it was better off outside of the eu , i 'd expect the eu to put a trade deal in place there too ( for the same reasons an eu/uk deal would be desirable ) and indeed if the uk were outside of the eu at that point , i 'd expect the uk to look to secure a deal as well . 
  an in all instances , given we are talking about developed economies with capable regulators and legal systems , i 'd assume that any trade deals would be broadly free and open and aim to facilitate trade - which is broadly what trade policy is about these days ... 
  it is n't , but it 's a big chunk of the eu economy at present ( and a massive amount of trade for germany , france and italy ) so it 's a bit more true for the uk . 
   if we had a real central government this would not be the case . 
  a directly elected president , a full parliament with legislative initiative and an end to the council , this will be less of a thing . 
  to be fair , if it had a ` real central government ' and the power that goes along with it , the outcome of a referendum in the uk would n't be in question - same would apply if the eu were to try and require euro membership , set up a formal military , or expand its legislative agenda further than it already does in a more visible manner . . 
   losing the uk would be a massive blow to the prestige of the union and this is far more important than any demands cameron might make . 
  since the eu sees keeping the uk as a top priority they have about as much leverage as syriza with their insistence on keeping the euro . 
  the problem there is that it does n't really come down to cameron 's demands , it 's not as though meeting all of them would make some majority of euro-sceptics happy on indeed that it would n't alienate some who currently favour eu membership . 
  what 's worse is that it could cause issues in countries with more interest in a closer union . 
  the issue that the eu now faces is that it is n't really negotiating with cameron for the uk to stay in the eu , it is negotiating a position that cameron might be able to use to argue the case for the uk to remain . 
  the decision however will be one made by british voters , the referendum is happening regardless and even if all the negotiating points went to cameron there will still be some significant portion of the electorate voting to leave ( whether that is a majority or not will become clearer closer to the vote - right now i 'd say it probably is n't , but there is a lot of time to work on changing minds ... ) . 
  the problem for the eu is that as an institution it ca n't really effectively or legitimately make the case directly , it 's going to hit major problems regardless of how it plays it , so keeping things simple should be the order of the day - but of course when you are talking about a whole slew of meps from different countries with different views and domestic political concerns , not to mention a few fairly abrasive , very visible senior politicians , it gets hard to do that . . 
   whereas cctv footage feeds into what you might call a huge pool , controlled by a relatively small group of people in a few organisations . 
  that 's somewhat the issue ( with anpr etc. . ) but it broadly is n't true of cctv - even ` government ' run cctv tends to be decentralised and run by private firms or local governments rather than some sort of large overarching organisation with any kind of real centralisation . 
  its always a little amusing looking at the stories about the uk given the age and capabilities of much of the cctv systems deployed ( by both the public sector and the private sector . . ) . 
  i 'd go further these days and say private photography and video is far more likely to be centralised and analysed than cctv footage , it 's also far less likely to be deleted and so will be held , together with metadata for far longer - largely because people are happy to upload anything and everything to the likes of google and facebook . 
   cctv itself is not the problem , though that what whole instrument is behind in ways of big data analysis is . 
  i think there is probably also a difference in perception between different countries with different cultures . 
  for example , i have very little issue with cctv - in public anyone has the right to take photos and you have a very limited right to privacy . 
  at the same time i do n't think that cctv is actually terribly value in dealing with crime ( so i 'd argue it 's more sensible to spend the money on police officers . . ) , and where it is most effective ( say anpr cameras ) there are some clear privacy issues , not around being photographed but ( as you say ) the way the information is recorded , stored and handled . . 
  absolutely right , what 's more , surely ensuring that the ability to use ( or ban ) substances is based on scientific evidence is the right way to go ... 
   i do operations for a japanese bank here in london , looking to go back to school at one point though . 
  i probably get paid more than i should due to my job being in london , but since i still live with my folks and save 90 % of my income i 'm pretty lucky . 
  i 'd say you were pretty much an edge case ... 
  enjoy it though !, 
   right , well , 22 % , about a quarter , tomato , potato . 
  i was agreeing with you , if being a little more precise . 
  and yes , there are lots of people earning it , but my point was that there are far , far more earning nowhere near ( more than twice as many people earning less than half ... ) . 
   doing better than i thought for a 21 year old : s you are , but it depends on where you are and what you are doing too ... a lot of people really do n't seem to realise that there are lots of people going to work for long hours in important/shitty/boring / hard areas of work for # 18 - # 25k . . 
  couple that with poor financial decisions , increased costs for rent and food and you end up with some pretty shocking outcomes for people who you 'd think would be doing ok . . 
   20 % of people in the states make more than 52,000 usd the 2010 data suggests $ 52,000 puts you in the 86th percentile . .  but now that i think of it if you 're working in retail or some other non office job it would be hard to reach that 50,000 usd mark . 
  it can be very hard , and many more people are working in retail , service and sme 's on relatively low wages . 
  yes it staff and some office jobs pay better but even then its hit and miss ( again think call-centers and lots of admin jobs . . ) . 
  that 's not really unusual , the thing they generally have in common is that they do n't require much training to do ...  we have such a huge problem with wealth inequality . 
  it 's easy to make a lot of money in the us but it 's also easy to get stuck in the lower rings of society . 
  which is something i hope gets fixed at least in my lifetime . 
  i live in the uk and have lived and worked in quite a few parts of it ( ni , scotland , south of england , north of england . . ) and started work at 14 , spent some time working in a factory ( gap before starting a proper job . . ) and the thing that i found most shocking is that jobs that i did as a young person as a temporary things ( like working in a shop or factory at essentially minimum wage ) are being done by people who are older and presumably actually need the money to live ( and young people have less access to them . . ) . 
  but then maybe that perception is driven by me getting older too . . 
  to put that a little into perspective , # 35,100 puts you in the top 22 % of earners whilst double that ( # 70k ish ) puts you in the top 5 % . 
  but that does mean that 78 % of people in the uk are earning less and most are earning about half that ( around # 18,500 ) . 
  so its quite a lot of money and yes , even for brits it 's a fairly decent income . 
   this is a pretty low wage in canada/usa it would put you in the top 15 % of earners in the us ( at $ 51,000 ish dollars ) and in the top 25 % of earners in canada ( at $ 72,000 ish canadian dollars ) , so it certainly is n't a low wage in canada or the us . 
  it seems to put you way out top in terms of the czech republic ( like top 5 % ) too . 
  but to answer your question , for a large proportion of people # 35,000 is n't easily achievable , but it also is n't * that * hard to get to for someone with a decent skill set . . 
  that sort of already happens , there is a vast amount of cross cooperation and arguably on a broader scale than military alliances . 
  the difference is the scale of funding . 
  look further north ... 
   though i guess the esa is n't an eu organisation unlike nasa to the us . 
  that 's really the key point , it 's 22 european countries operating together ( with a bit of canada thrown in ) and a lot of other cooperation too . 
  its not a national body and at # 3.2 bn its budget is only 10x that of the uks fairly small budget for uksa . . that makes nasas fairly paltry budget of # 11bn massive in comparison too . 
  i 'm not quite sure what the combined spending ( esa + national space agencies + space related science funding ) actually looks like across the eu either , given the figures are quite hard to come by in a manner that makes any sense , but you 'd think that collectively the us/european countries and others could put some serious cash into space if there was a will . 
   many slaves got paid . 
  they got shelter and food . 
  in fact , many slaves felt it was a good thing that they were slaves because they saw themselves as slaves and nothing else . 
  that 's very similar to how many people feel about conscription . 
  ( `` it was a good experience , it taught me a lot etc '' ) . 
  indeed , but they were property . . they could be bought and sold and whilst some slaves were sometimes paid it 's hardly fair to refer to them as being paid ...  furthermore , by your logic , the word `` wage slavery '' must not exist . 
  however , i would n't be surprised if you argued the opossire . 
  that 's a phrase not a word . . oddly enough , phrases can be more or less than their constituent words ... 
  so for example , i can say that i am a slave to my passions too , but that does n't make me a slave any more than it makes anyone dependent on employment income , or rather a wage , a slave . . 
  using one word to modify another is pretty common after all , but you did n't refer to conscription in this manner , you literally referred to it as slavery . 
   the only real difference between jury duty , slavery and conscription is the time frame . 
  and the idea of ownership and the impact , who is involved , the remuneration , rights of those involved and so on ... are you seriously saying that jury duty is simply short term slavery ? 
   paying taxes is more complex an issue , so i wo n't discuss it here . 
  but surely you 'd agree that it is n't slavery ? 
   concepts and definition do overlap quite a bit . 
  if one definition is a subset of another definition , the more general definition applies . 
  very true , but conscription is n't a subset of slavery unless you utterly redefine slavery . 
  they do have some aspects in common , but not very many . . the key one being that both are involuntary . . 
  but lest be clear , conscription is n't a type of slavery by any acknowledged definition of slavery , conscripts ca n't be bought and sold and they are generally paid . . slaves can be and are n't ... you ca n't just take one aspect of something ( that it is involuntary ) and apply a label like slavery to it without depriving the term slavery of all meaning . 
  again , it would be absurd to refer to jury duty , or paying taxes ( both involuntary , one involving work you have no choice in , the other reducing your income from work ) as slavery , the same applies to conscription . 
  it is n't a personal preference , but it 's conscription , not slavery ... other things that are n't slavery include taxes , jury duty and apple pies . 
  you see , the reason we have different words for different things is so that we can tell them apart and , quite clearly there are differences between slavery and conscription , different reasoning behind the practice and so on . 
  i understand that you might object to the notion on the basis that it removes freedom of choice from the conscript , and there are many decent arguments about why conscription is n't a great idea ( both for the conscript and the military . . ) , but again , that does n't make it slavery . 
  the polo . . well , i 'd rather have a golf , but still . . 
  shame my tax authority does n't take the same approach with me . . ( not that i mind paying taxes . . ) . 
  to be fair , the article indicates that apple had about 880 mil to pay . . 
  and offer 60 % tax discounts to those evading tax ? 
  yeah , but those are n't the only options happily ... 
   italy 's tax authorities say the company failed to pay $ 880m in tax between 2008 and 2013 , according to la repubblica . 
  so they managed to negotiate a better than 60 % discount , including the taxes they actually paid . . 
  seems like it was worth it then . 
  because 28 different foreign policies based on 28 different international interests . 
  or at least 4/5 ... 
  i 'd just like to take a moment to point out that the uk 's border agency 's budget combined with that of the border force was # 2.17 billion in 2012 and that the us spends $ 13 billion on customs and border protection . . now obviously the states on the edge of schengen will pay vastly more than what is spent on frontext , and frontex is only one tiny part of all of this , but it does sort of raise the question as to whether the budget increase is actually likely to make much of a difference . . 
  i think it would , whether we were expected to contribute to it or not ( and frankly rightly given it 'd be a disaster , would undercut nato and further erode the capacity of members states to act - and if it did n't do any of those things , it 'd be pointless ... ) .
