  it 's also unlikely that freedom to travel will be impacted by an exit , after all visa free travel is n't new . 
  the right to move and work anywhere in the eu might be of course which is somewhere where you can again make the argument about the benefits of free movement ( of goods , people , services and capital ! ) . 
  whether that helps convince people will vary , there are a lot of people who are anti-eu but pro-fee movement , and obviously a lot who are anti-eu on the grounds of immigration ... 
  it 'll be a fine line to walk . 
   my problem and fear is that i know the referendum will be a close fought one ; and i want to do my bit to help us stay in the eu . 
  make sure you know what you want and that the position you take actually matches it . 
  if you can adequately explain both why you want to remain in and why leaving is wrong , then you can make a decent argument . 
  if you do n't really know why you want to stay , or do n't understand the likely impact of leaving , it 'll be easier to discount your position . 
  oh and obviously hyperbole might work for the media , but it works less when you are talking to people . .  most people , who are my age , 18-30 , want to stay in the eu most do , a significant potion do n't ... and there are more undecideds in that age range than any other - oh and in terms of voter turnout , your 18-30 year olds do badly . . you may find that simply pushing already decided voters to vote makes more sense than trying to sway the undecided * and * getting them to vote . . 
  but in either case , have the debate , discuss , talk to people , that tends to be a good way of engaging people . 
   how do you think i could help relate to my undecided friends and relatives ? 
  their concerns arent unfounded , but leaving the eu , imho , will not fix the problems they perceive to be the eus fault . 
  the answer to this is simple , and the same for any political issue . 
  it will cost you more time than it will money , it 's hard , it 's pretty thankless , you will get abuse and you will alienate people ( and that would be true on either side of the issue ... ) but if you want to make a difference , you need to actually talk to people about the issues and present your point of view . 
  join a campaign you like , involve yourself in the direction it takes and so on . 
  most importantly get people to vote . . 
  above all though , make sure you know what you stand for and why . 
  you are right in saying that this decision is important for the uk and it 's important that the country makes a decision that we can all live with . 
  see , that i could get behind wholeheartedly . . 
  this , her job is to represent lithuanians , if she needs to speak to someone in english , i 'm sure that an interpreter can be found . 
  the only daft part here is that she seems to want to appear to speak english , but that 's a different issue again . 
   and yes , a non integrated eu is bad for the common people and good for the proverbial 1 % . 
  there are a lot of people who would argue exactly the opposite , that an integrated eu serves businesses and the richest 1 % whilst removing what little influence ` normal ' people have . 
  in either case , i think it 's important that the peoples views be taken into account , and there is clearly a significant movement of people in the uk who do n't want further political union and prefer the eu as a trading bloc . 
  surely you ca n't discount their positions and i would have thought the current suggestion for a two stream europe would work to balance that ... 
  in any case , i think it 's absurd to paint those who do n't want to see more eu integration and unification as part of the ` global elite ' , largely because it 's clearly not true . 
  there is a bit of that too , certainly . 
  although there is n't an over-abundance of flats either . 
  the building rates i posted include houses , flats , bungalows etc. . 
   fine , but then presumably it 'd make sense to just zero the corporate tax rate and get your tax revenue from income tax . 
  well not really , because that would also push firms to offshore profits and bring them back in wherever it 's most tax advantageous . 
  realistically you just need to make sure that where you do have tax breaks , they actually do what you want them to do and that accounting practices are reasonable . 
  i mean according to this , facebook made a loss of # 28.5 million in the uk last year , that does n't seem very likely given its uk userbase . 
  it also paid out # 35.4 million to its workers through a share bonus scheme . . 
  but as someone else mentioned , this is a regulatory issue as much as it is a corporate one , companies who can afford it are going to twist their way out of paying tax wherever they can , hmrc needs to up its game when that happens in a way they do n't like ( i.e. 
  it 's not encouraging some sort of behaviour we want , like investment or similar . . ) . 
   both boil down to the same though : if you 're legally entitled to healthcare in the uk , you 're legally entitled to healthcare in spain no , that 'd be some pensioners and non-permanent residents . 
  it does n't apply to anyone under 65 's resident in spain ... you are right though that the eu has simplified the system where the nhs is liable for costs , and that 's great !, 
  but i 'm also sure that if the uk leaves the eu i 'm sure it 'll be relatively simple to maintain , and happily since the eu already has something in place between eu and eea members it 'll be the uk working with one bloc , not 27 separate members , so it 'll still be simple . 
  i do n't think so , ehic is supposed to support free movement by allowing a person who is covered by a statutory social security scheme in their home country ( in the case of the uk , an nhs entitlement ) to receive medical treatment in another member state free or at a reduced cost . 
  but given nhs access and coverage is based on residency , it is n't relevant to pensioners living in spain . 
  they are no longer resident in the uk and so not covered by the nhs . 
  they need either private insurance , or in some cases they may qualify for cover via the nhs , but that 's not through the ehic scheme . 
  i 'd love to see something that says different though . 
  london effectively does have controls of migration - the price of private housing and lack of availability of public housing . 
  i 'd find it easier to move to berlin than london right now ( massively easier actually ) . 
  you are aware that there are a significant number of left wing eurosceptics too right ? 
   the eu is no less democratic than its member states . 
  its failings come from the systematic attitude of hostility from the countries that do vote only for the 1 % , also known as those that want the eu to be a free-trade area . 
  wait ... what ? 
  am i to read this as countries that want free trade between eu states are really only voting for the 1 % , or countries whose populations are broadly against further political integration are somehow the 1 % . . 
  i do n't think i get what it is you are trying to say . 
   there is literally nowhere near enough supply for demand , our population is increasing massively year on year and outstripping how many were building when we already have a shortage of house . 
  its been getting worse for years now . 
  just to be clear , it 's as much a supply issue as anything else . . 
  went from completing more than 300k houses a year between 1970-80 , to around 200k houses a year between 1980 and the 2008 crash , now we are building 130-150k houses a year . 
  that 's a massive drop in supply . . 
  that 's the big question really , and it 's where we could end up with some real problems . 
  if it looks like there is no possibility of compromise with the eu at all , that will start to become more and more obvious as the referendum campaigning goes on , that will probably push some people to not vote , or to vote no . . 
  i think the peak in polling for the stay in campaign this year was at about 66 % , the peak for leave was about 43 % , the lows for both were 38 % remain and 22 % leave . 
  over the course of the last decade that swing has been greater though and there have been periods where the trend has been more in favour of the uks membership and less . . 
  there is regional variation too ( as we 've seen with scotland ) and so on . 
  but obviously that 's all before any sort of campaigning ... 
  when it comes down to it , the consistent part is that there are about 20 % undecided , so they have the balance on the issues , especially if you take the results of the largest poll from 201 that showed a 41/41/18 split in/out/undecided . 
  about the only consistent element is that generally the most support has been for remaining in the eu with a renegotiation , protecting british interests . . 
   so you 're saying we probably do n't really know what the british opinion on the eu really is due to the way british politicians handle the subject ? 
  i do n't think anyone knows , the polling is fairly variable anyway and obviously ` the british opinion ' is n't really a thing anyway . 
  what i 'm saying is that the government position , both with this and previous labour governments , probably would n't fully represent the popular mood and there were precious few moments for that mood to be presented . 
  there have been polls of course , there are surveys and so on , and there were the last ep elections and the ge , but even with all of that , the debate on the eu is something most of the major parties stepped away from because there was nothing for them to win . 
  that 's also why ukip has been doing well , for some people the eu issue , and immigration ( probably the latter in my view , but i maybe showing my own bias . . ) have become important enough to be their primary concern in elections . . that really has n't been represented by the uk government at the eu level , or indeed seen within the ep in terms of the direction of travel . 
  it 's a little early to be making a decision on the former , after all there is always a possibility that the issues i 'm most concerned about will be addressed ( which basically revolves around closer union , and institutions . . ) , and obviously in that vein , at the moment i 'm more interested in campaigning on those issues than an particular position on the referendum . 
  that said , if nothing significant changes or appears likely to change , i 'll be looking to vote to leave and getting involved with the campaign and hopefully the process after the referendum to implement that . . 
   it is a difficult one to argue to a general public with limited interest in an era of soundbites ... you just have to come up with a better soundbite ... 
  although on the issue i can appreciate why that might not be terribly easy . 
   the big risk for the `` leave '' campaign is that it becomes associated too much with people being negative about immigration . 
  i agree , which is why i think the campaign will try to avoid it rather than tackle it - at least loudly . 
   the aim of a referendum campaign is to win the votes of the centre ground of british politics and that central ground wants some immigration but wants controlled immigration . 
  agreed , but i think ( from campaigning in the ge . . ) that there is still a fairly major objection to campaigning on the issue . 
  that said , i do think that having the right answers on those issues ( and that is where your point about having a both a positive vision for global , but controlled immigration would come in . 
   it would also put the `` remain '' side on the backfoot , they would have to explain why they prioritised eu immigration and why that should n't be controlled . 
  i have a feeling that the leave campaign would simply point to it as being anti-immigration , anti-migrant and racist/xenophobic . 
  plus , you know as well as i do that there will be some collection of idiots connected with the no-campaign that will say something that suggests it 's all about the immigrants and that will end up being the narrative . . or i may just be being cynical . .  the main risk to this strategy is that it means that the `` leave '' campaign has to commit to leaving the eea , which it does n't want to do . 
  indeed , although the answer there is gradual withdrawal as bilateral agreements are drawn up - which of course the stay campaign would make out to be impossible . 
   in my view the `` leave '' campaign should say that the uk , free of the eu , would have the option to have an immigration that treated people of whatever nationality , religion and ethnicity equally . 
  i think they should too , i 'm not sure they will given it might not help their campaigning , or at least , they wo n't say it too loudly . 
   they can make a somewhat good argument that the `` remain '' campaign prioritises eu citizens over non-eu citizens and that this priority is fundamentally contradictory to british values . 
  if it were me in charge of the campaign i would certainly run that line . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how that would go , in campaign terms there is a lot of imagery to pull on there ( from wwii , the commonwealth , steel workers , caribbean migration and so on ) . . 
  throw in some elgar , maybe a dab of empire and you are away , or go the other way and fold in the olympic opening ceremony , with nadiya from the bake off and mo farah . . 
  it 'd be nice if this referendum built up some of that sense of unity that the indyref did in scotland , although i wonder how cherry picked the campaigns are going to be depending on the intended audience ( in left - liberal - centre - liberal - right spectrum we suddenly seem to have . . ) . 
   we should also leave the uk so the welsh cornish irish and scottish do n't come and take our glorious englisher only jobs in london and abuse our infrastructure !, 
  / s and if there were actually any call for english independence ( i 'm sure there are a few out there , but hardly on the same scale as with scottish or eu independence . . ) that might make sense . 
  but there does n't seem to be . 
   they also are n't any longer automatically eligible to receive healthcare as a spanish citizen as with the ehic . 
  they are n't now ... 
  if you are living in spain permanently as a brit you either need private coverage , or , if you qualify for it , your care is paid for via the nhs , it 's like any other exportable benefit ( and that is n't just relevant to the eu either . . ) . 
  if you are making the assumption that uk pensioners get healthcare funded by the spanish state free just for being eu citizens now , you are sadly misinformed . 
  and no doubt that opened your eyes to the wonderfully varied reasons people have for supporting one idea or another ... 
   i can conceive of a uk that has left the eu having higher levels of immigration . 
  to the extent that i was convinced that this was in the interests of the british economy , that infrastructure and housing could cope and that the wages of poorer earners were n't being negatively impacted , i would be fine with that .
