   i agree . 
  they 're both on the same scale , just the intensity differs . 
  they are on different levels and the intensity is the important part . 
  the union between scotland , england & wales , and northern ireland is far closer than that of the eu , the three constituent countries are bound far more tightly ( even with differences ) and importantly there is no question as to where sovereignty lies . 
   that 's not a union . 
  i 'm sure the uk would function worse if they needed approval of every single county when trying to change legislation . 
  yes it would , but the uk is a sovereign state , with devolved powers to various devolved assemblies . 
  the reason it does n't need that consent is because parliament is sovereign . 
  the eu is n't a sovereign state , it is made up of a collection of sovereign states and exists only with the consent of it 's members , and only has those powers that it 's members have collectively agreed it should have . 
  it 'd still be a union if the eus competencies were reduced , or if there were more oversight by national parliaments . 
   i do n't care which way it goes , as long as it 's an improvement ; given that we started from zero , it 's likely that we 'll see an increase of competences moving to the eu , we have n't had the opportunity for long yet . 
  and this is the problem , there has to be consent for those competencies moving to the eu and there has to be support for that . 
  it ca n't be some sort of inevitable march in that direction if it does n't take the people in the countries that make up the eu with it . 
  at the moment it seems that it is n't taking a significant number of uk citizens with it . . whether a case can be made will depend on the referendum . .  but , as you say , the uk seems prejudiced against more intensive cooperation , regardless of whether that would be better or not ( they generally supported expansion with the consideration that that might make it harder to intensify cooperation ) . 
  there seems to be a significant number of people in the uk who are uninterested in the eu , many more who would rather not see more intensive cooperation that leads to political union , but a more of a ` together , but separate ' approach to solving problems . 
  that 's perfectly valid ...  they generally supported expansion with the consideration that that might make it harder to intensify cooperation . 
  the government certainly has , but as i said earlier , there has n't really been a way for anyone to express discontent at those positions within the uk political system until recently ( and even then the credibility is n't entirely there ) . 
  when you have the conservatives , labour , greens and liberal democrats all pushing that way , even with significant in party opposition , there is n't exactly much space for other perspectives . 
  but again , there should n't be an issue with expansion , if it is n't coupled to ever closer union . 
  more countries working together is great , but coupling them together as some sort of unitary political entity is something else again . 
  and a european state ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  just looks wrong without the inclusion of st patrick 's saltire . 
  [ just change the way they are superimposed slightly ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wvlingr.jpg ) - makes it nice and clear ... 
   a bunch of bilateral treaties is not a union . 
  the eu currently is a bunch of treaties so ... yeah it is ? \u00b9  it would n't be the uk if there were just a bunch of bilateral treaties between the counties that each had their sovereign parliament and executive power either . 
  the uk is a union because of the various act 's of union . . so really it comes down to the strength and content of the agreements , the eu 's are far weaker . 
   i 'm saying that it is not true that the uk is eager for changing the eu for the better . 
  it 's generally only to reduce it or stall . 
  the uk is eager to change the eu to something that the uk is happy with , from the uk side , that is better ( like i said , better depends on what you want . . ) . 
   it 's generally only to reduce it or stall . 
  and i assume you 'd prefer to see accelerated union and enlargement - well that 's great , but i 'd see that as the eu getting worse , and less of what i 'd like . 
  surely my view is as valid as yours . . edit : \u00b9 - i realise in retrospect this seems flippant , but the point is valid , these relationships are all just a bunch of treaties , it is the content of the treaties that is a important . 
   that does n't matter . 
  strength of unions wanes and waxes . 
  all unions start out as a temporary and limited arrangement . 
  quite possible , but not all unions are the same and the basis for the uk is far stronger than that of the eu right now ... 
  the eu could of course become a stronger union or one as strong ( with the consent of the relevant parliaments ) but it is n't now and there seems little demand for it on the part of the uk . 
   note that i did n't say it was a country . 
  that being said , it has the trifecta of state powers with a defined territorial competence . 
  even if we use the a reasonably loose definition like the one provided through the montevideo convention ( * a state being a person of international that possesses a permanent population ; a defined territory ; government ; and capacity to enter into relations with the other states . 
  * ) , the eu still would n't qualify given it has neither an independent government , nor the ability to enter into relations with other states . 
  so . . no . 
  it also does n't have any of the generally accepted attributes of a state ( the ability to raise armed forces , raise taxes etc. . ) . 
  so really , no . 
  the eu is n't like a state at all , although that does seem to be somewhat the direction of travel , which again is an issue in the uk . 
   the ep consists out of elected representatives . 
  it 's a parliament as good as any other . 
  no , it is n't a parliament as good as any other because it does n't actually hav the powers one would normally see in a parliament ... 
  it is n't anything like a parliament , it certainly is n't sovereign . .  as it happens , the ecb actually can . 
  not that it matters : historically even eg . 
  france was n't able to issue currency any more than the lords that made up its state structure were . 
  are you saying that france was n't a country in the early modern age ? 
  political units wax and wane in importance and competences , as the situation requires . 
  the ecb ca n't issue pounds , or any other currencies in use within the eu ... 
  yes it can issue notes and authorise the issue of coins , but only in a subset of members ... and that subset is different from the eu . .  apart from member contributions the eu levies tariffs on goods entering the eu and applies fines , it has legislative powers , it has territorial competences , it imposes military obligations on its members and so on . 
  it has limited legislative powers , it does n't have the power to actually enforce fines , it ca n't directly tax , and it ca n't raise or use military force at all . 
  there is no mechanism for that whatsoever ... 
  so no , it ca n't impose military obligations on its members.the eu can not demand the deployment of the forces of an eu member state . .  if that matters then spain , the uk , belgium , italy , and any other country where people consider themselves different in some way are n't a country either . 
  people in spain see spain as a country , even the separatists , same with those in the uk and elsewhere . 
  people do n't see the eu as a country , it is n't recognised as such and does n't claim to be one . 
  seriously , this is an incredibly weak argument ...  calling it a country or not is splitting hairs , and i do n't care . 
  no , it 's really , really important . 
  it defines where the important power lies and where responsibility is ... 
  the eu is n't a country , it lacks sovereignty . .  there are plenty of historical examples that show that that is more than enough to function as starting point to evolve in that direction , or remain shattered , as needed . 
  indeed , and that 's sort of the point . 
  there is a push for a ` eu ' country , and a lot of people do n't want to be part of that ( in the uk ) and as such they do get to decide ... 
   it 's the vibe i get . 
  it 's simply unnecessary to mention `` we decide about it '' so often . 
  fair enough . 
   i 'm sure the people in manchester do n't agree with everything that is decided in westminster either , but is that a reason to leave the uk ? 
  this is an incredibly stupid argument , because it 's not an absolute thing . 
  the uk is n't having a referendum because a few people do n't agree with a few things , it 's because a significantly large group of people have a lot of issues with membership . 
  if that were the case in manchester , and people wanted to leave the uk then yes , they would have a reason to leave the uk . 
  but lets face it the union within the uk , and the uks union with the eu are not equivalent , they are not equally as strong and they are not equally as important to people . 
  if they were this whole debate would be difference . 
   there is no hard difference between a country and the eu , it 's all on a scale . 
  that 's beyond absurd . 
  it does n't meet even the broadest definitions of a country and has no legitimacy as one politically or democratically . . 
  there are also vast differences between the eu and what one would consider a country , from the ability to issue currency ( the eu ca n't . . ) through to taxation , foreign policy , the ability to create and enforce the law , the ability to control territory , any military powers and obviously , self identification as a country by the people who live in it . 
  the eu is n't a country , and it is n't like country , it is like a large free trade zone with some political integration ... 
  it is the further integration that is causing some issues so . . yeah . 
   again , why do you keep stressing that ? 
  nobody is arguing against that . 
  good . 
   well no , a union means one set of rules instead of a maze of red tape and ad-hoc exceptions that are difficult to change . 
  again , this is your definition of a union , not everyones . 
   sorry , that 's simply not true . 
  if you look at any of the polls on the uk and the eu , the vast majority of brits are for eu membership with some renegotiation of membership , so it really is true . 
  for some it 's not enough for them to want to leave , for others it is , but it 's a fairly important element . 
   there is absolutely no reason to assume that there is some dark conspiracy to subjugate the british going on . 
  no one thinks there is ... 
  this is about people getting together having a debate and them making a decision one way or another . 
  i ca n't think of anyone who thinks it 's a conspiracy , but quite a few who think it does n't work for them or how they 'd like the uk to be ... 
  surely that 's ok ? 
   as far as the actual concerns go , of course there are differences in opinion about which policies to implement how . 
  that does n't mean there ca n't be a satisfactory solution that takes all concerns into account . 
  no of course not , but the point is that the solution has to be sufficient to sway the bulk of people in the uk , if it does n't then there is no reason for them to remain part of that union . .  the problem there is no different from any other political entity , the same happens within countries . 
  of course ... 
  but the eu is n't a country , and we do all have a choice in how our relationships with the eu should run .
