  yes , of course , and you are right , i was just pointing out this is n't just about restrictions on future developments but existing provision . 
   people were arrested in the uk for simply holding up anti-xi posters . . oh come on , there were lots of people who protested with anti-xi posters , three got arrested because the police apparently thought there was some intent to cause a breach of the peace , not because they were protesting . . 
  seriously , when it comes to the police and protests in the uk , they do do some shitty things but this probably is n't one of them . 
  do you need to have an eu flag on your plates ? 
  i know that it 's the norm pretty much everywhere now , but at least in the uk you do n't have to have it . . 
   could just as well have been part of the draft of national legislation , and that would have caused the same problems for research ... of course , and if it were being presented as national legislation that 'd be a problem too . . but quite a few major eu states have great regulators when it comes to health , genetics , fertilisation and embryology so it generally would n't be a problem ... 
  yes it could be national , but this is n't it is coming from the eu , and that is inappropriate . 
   and it would have been toned down later on , just like this one will be toned down . 
  people just love to cast the eu in the role of bogeyman , and the newspapers love to toot that horn . 
  except of course in this case it is a problem and in my view it is utterly inappropriate . 
  even if the regulation were reasonable and sensible and a good thing , it would be a problem given that it is n't something that the eu should have any hand in really . .  would you question that it should have been a competence for your national government if the legislation was drafted there , and a provincial medical association warned that it would hamper research ? 
  no , because it is a competency of my national government ... ? 
  i 'd have an issue with such regulation , but happily there is an effective regulator . . 
  except this is n't about new technology or potentially dangerous new methods , it is about making it harder and costlier to access any number of services we have access to already today . . take the two examples given in the linked bma article : * for example , parents of a newborn baby would no longer be able to verbally agree for health workers to take blood at birth to screen for genetic disorders . 
  although the chance of having many of the conditions screened for is low , the parents would still need to discuss them in advance with a genetic counsellor and wait for a doctor to carry out the tests . 
  yet early treatment of these diseases is crucial to help avoid irreversible damage such as developmental delay and sudden death . 
  * * a qualified genetic counsellor could no longer test a person with a family history of heart disease , as they must wait for a separate appointment with a doctor , potentially adding enough inconvenience to the process that the patient never takes the test or makes the necessary lifestyle changes to avoid disease . 
  * that adds cost , and limits access , which is incredibly problematic . 
  but of course the key point here is that the eu is n't responsible for health policy in eu member states and it should n't be , using regulations intended to deal with trade , innovation and safety to push what amounts to health policy is a problem . 
  you should probably read the article it is n't about restricting new developments but essentially a bit like the anti-abortion approach in the us ( making it harder to access , more costly to provide , awkward etc. . . ) and in a regulation that is supposed to be about safety and trade of medical devices . 
  it 's another area where the eu ( in my vies ) is overstepping the bounds on the basis of it 's role in trade , after all the eu should n't have any role in defining health policy ... and for quite a few states if stuff like this goes through , it 'll be a bit like the current push on net-neutrality , or the proposed copyright reform , the situation for users , customers and patients will be worse with the eu regulation than it was previously . . 
  i really do n't understand how this is in any way part of the eus competencies in the first place , this is supposed to be about safety , the free and fair trade of the products throughout the eu and that eu legislation is adapted to the significant technological and scientific progress . 
  dictating rules on consent , who can make use of such equipment and so on surely should be something that national medical regulators are responsible for ... 
  for anyone not reading the release , the countries are the czech republic , luxembourg , the netherlands , poland , romania and sweden . 
  oh , and in case anyone is wondering , it 's not relevant to the uk as the uk is outside of the eurozone and has n't entered into an agreement to allow the ecb to supervise uk banks ... 
  yup , although not as many as you 'd think , small business customers are pretty ` sticky ' when they have a service that works . 
  my typing badly on my phone , should be hosting . 
  that 's not that different from anywhere else , and it 's a bit cyclical , i remember when every man and his dog was off to set up hisoign companies . . 
  yup , there are lots of countries with legislation that allows for things that are n't permissible under existing us legislation , from reverse engineering through to whistle-blowing that could get twisted up in this kind of thing . 
  the question is whether it matters , and i suppose that comes down to the willingness of your country to extradite people for stuff like this . 
  indeed , we 've already seen attempts to challenge and restrict that kind of activity so i would n't be surprised . 
  the problem though is when the us asserts a quasi global jurisdiction on this kind of thing , being extradited pretty much ruins your life , does n't matter if you win or lose so . . 
  countries are going to have to tighten their extradition arrangements , on web-scraping , take a look at the case of [ richard odwyer in the uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_o%27dwyer ) . 
  he put together tvshack.net a ` linking site ' , was then charged with conspiracy to commit copyright infringement and criminal infringement of copyright and the us began extradition proceedings . . 
  this is for someone who was n't being prosecuted in the uk , who had n't been to the us and all for putting up a website that linked to others ... ( arguably it 'd be legal in the us too btw , but obviously if you even fight extradition , you are pretty much fucked in the us on arrival ) . 
  its already a gamble for people who carry out perfectly legal businesses that the us either does n't allow or regulates excessively to travel through the us , same for people who do business directly or indirectly with countries that the us has restrictions or sanctions on , even when those sanctions are n't global ( and backed by the home country of the person in question ) . 
  i ca n't see this kind of thing making any of that better . . 
  the ranking from the article ( in case anyone is interested , we 've seen this data before i think . . ) : 1 . 
  london * amsterdam * stockholm * helsinki * copenhagen * paris * berlin * dublin * brussels * munich not sure that ` beating by one place ' and scoring very closely is ` trumping ' but that term will likely be redefined by the americans soon anyway , so it probably does n't matter ... 
  the eu would have their own priorities , but my point there was simply that there is obviously a cost in running the eu that could otherwise be spent on other things . 
  i 'm also not of the impression that eu money is always spent effectively or ` joined up ' with other similar spending in an area and indeed that access to eu funds ( and contracts ) is a pain in the backside and often monopolised by a few whilst local contracts are more open , but i suppose on that your mileage will vary by country too . 
  agreed , but whilst we are part of the eu and pay money out to them it 's probably fair enough to say that it 's eu funded , even if the uk could fund it otherwise with the same ( or less . . ) money . 
  that 's why i said where money is coming from and where it is going to , and why a sign is ridiculous , it is n't going to tell anything like the whole story and does just come across as somewhat crass advertising . 
  i generally think it 's a good thing that people understand where money is coming from ( and indeed where it 's going ) but this does seem ridiculous . 
  what might be more amusing is that i 'd take a sign like this as advertising , and so it should require planning permission too , i wonder what happens if you ca n't get any . 
   that is , it is a vote for federalism and will enable the uk to move that way . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd agree , but in either case , it wo n't be positioned like that because if it were , the vote would n't even be close . 
  remember , that any move toward a federal europe would mean treaty changes , that also requires further assent from the public in the uk . . 
  and we may only be 12 % of the population , but we are a much bigger part of the eu economy . . 
   i actually do n't know why cameron is doing this now , just wait till there is treaty change & then we have massive bargaining power . 
  to be fair , there 'd be another referendum then anyway . . 
  that is of course true from the polling we have seen , the question is whether that support is rising or falling at the moment . . 
  i do like the idea of being able to work across the eu with minimal hassle , and indeed for people in the eu to come and work in the uk with minimal hassle . 
  but i do n't think we should have to follow a path of ever closer union , or push toward something that looks like a federal union to achieve that ... 
   if we could leave but free movement of people stays in place , which for me is just for convenience , my vote will probably swing . 
  i think that 'll likely stay in place anyway with whatever restrictions are negotiated between the eu and uk . 
  the uk is n't going to suddenly try to prevent bilateral movement of goods or services nor most of the movement of people for work and education . . 
  the eu is n't going to want to change that either . . 
  personally i want to see free movement in place much as it is currently , but i do n't want to see the uk as part of the eu so obviously i think that it 's not only possible but likely ... oh and it 's good that someone like yourself who would presumably still have access to the eu as it is now ( you can presumably grab italian citizenship easily if you wanted it ) is putting serious weight on free movement . 
  the problem is that he needs results before the referendum , otherwise it 'll be a contributing factor for people to swing toward leaving . . 
  he can hardly go back to the eu after the vote either way because either the uk is on its way out , or it 's in and there is very little impetus for anyone to give the uk anything ( as it 's staying anyway ... ) . 
   i never said it was the entire explanation . 
  no of course not , but i do n't think it 's really a contributing factor in most cases at all , largely because the money is n't being spent on improving a specific demographics wider education ( although some of it will be spent on teaching english as a second language . . ) . 
  that is n't going to push those eal kids above their english speaking peers ... 
  the trend toward additional education and private tutoring as well as often more emphasis on academic achievement will have much more to do with it and you see that in schools all over the country . 
   and if economic and politic reasons are not good enough for you , then what is ? 
  the eu going in a direction i 'd like would be good enough , it if were to be a union of nations with a common trade area , some common regulations and democratic control over common issues then great . 
  but that is n't the direction we are headed in and there is and continues to be a push for things like defence , foreign policy and other aspects being pushed toward the eu and being used collectively ... economic reasons are n't enough if it threatens the ability of people in the uk to decide their own fate and their own direction in the world . . 
  firstly , the elements relating to romaia and bulgaria are solved and the remaining elements do n't apply to eu citizens ... 
  i 'd point out that every country has some very minor variance in how it has applied eu directives ( and on non-eu residents , obviously we 'll find out what the high court has to say on this and if they rule against the government the rules will change ) . 
  is n't that how it is supposed to work ? 
  the uk does n't prevent eu nationals from moving to or settling in the uk and it should n't , in much the same way that france and germany should n't prevent the provision of services or sale of goods from other eu countries either , and mostly they do n't . . 
  but interpreting treaty rights in slightly different ways is going to need clarification from the courts , it is n't something that the uk should just accept if it disagrees , and nor would any other country . . 
  yeah , but the are massive disparities in population too , most people in the uk live in urban areas ( and yes , there is a higher proportion of white british people in rural areas , but the disparity in most urban areas is n't the same as tower hamlets ) . 
  if you take those stats , you will note that the areas that have the highest funding in the city , do n't have a minority of white british people either , and if you look at other parts of urban england that 's pretty similar . 
  essentially there are some extreme examples in urban areas , but if the extra money for urban schools was the key factor , you 'd expect the much larger number of white british kids that attend them to do well too would n't you ? 
  sort of , it may well help although i would be willing to bet that a lot of that gets eaten up higher costs , although twice as much per pupil in places the city seems absurd ... 
  in any case , that 'd presumably push a disparity between urban and rural kids , not kids with british as a first language and those that did n't speak it on arrival . 
  how is the uk not respecting free movement within the eu at the moment ? 
  the uk is n't taking responsibility ? 
  i 'm confused , i thought that the uk was absolutely following the rules it has signed up to regarding refugees and was meeting the commitments it has made in that regard . 
  i 'm sure that the refugees who landed in cyprus will be processed and dealt with in accordance to the agreements the uk has in place with cyprus and the law ... 
  is n't that how this is supposed to work ? 
  in some classes there are about 26 different languages being spoken , because most of the time they can not speak english or anything the teachers have to concentrate on them , to teach them english and to get them up to speed actually they are generally given eal support outside of normal classes , even in small schools . 
  there is funding available for that and obviously if a child speaks no english , it is n't practical or sensible for them to be taught alongside kids that do . 
   that is also why foreign children are doing better in our schools than our own children . 
  that seems remarkably unlikely to be * the * reason . 
   that 's why allowing 50.0001 % of the vote to make such a drastic decision is a horible policy . 
  arguably , that 'd actually be allowing 0.0001 % of the vote to make the decision . . 
  but in either case surely people deciding how their country is run has to come down to votes and can come down to quite literally one vote ( or someone picking a straw , when the votes are even - which really is insane . . ) . 
  plus the alternative would be a vote in parliament on the matter , i 'm not sure that 'd be more or less representative of what people in the uk want at the moment . . 
  i 'm not sure you can conclude that from this article , and i would n't be quite so sure about a lack of a drop in support in scotland either . 
  yep , that 's actually quite relevant too . 
  it 's worth taking into account that it 's almost certain that you 'd face deportation proceedings if you are sentenced to prison for 2 years or more , regardless of what it 's for or if you are sentenced to 1 year or more for a drug , sex , violent or otherwise serious crime . 
  you can also end up being deported as a ` low level persistent offender ' too . 
  it 's probably worth noting that the deportation proceedings have to take into account any dependent family , the time you 've been in country and the level of ` threat ' you pose , but quite clearly it is another difference between a citizen and a non-citizen . 
   you 're right , although i do wan na point out that if this was just the uk , i could imagine the conservatives in the uk would be very open to this sort of thing . 
  sort of , maybe . 
  there has been a bit of talk about it , but actually they seem far keener on self regulation ( see the porn filter , and the current net neutrality arrangements ) and to be honest neither labour nor the tories have a fantastic track record on internet related legislation ...  i actually think the eu is way more likely to vote for the good of the consumer as things are right now over most individual governments . 
  again , sort of .
