  and with a bit of luck , is quite different from the old eu , and learns a little from the mistakes that were made the first time around !, 
   guess who 'll be in control of the army ? 
  the poles ... ? 
  no , wait , the belgians !, 
  it 's all a belgian plot . . 
  in all seriousness though , an eu army is a piss poor idea and one that i 'd oppose , but i do n't think it 's about german ambitions as such , it 's about the ambitions of eu federalists ( of which many are german . . ) and something akin to eu nationalists , possibly because the notion of nationalism in the individual country sense is still seen as quite abhorrent . . 
   second sentence of yours is patently false . 
  turkey 's and greece 's concerns are not in any way , shape of form managed through nato , greece 's strategic concerns about defence against an invasion from russia or an attack on its soil by any other organisation are met by nato . 
  as are turkeys . 
  that is what nato exists for . 
   because in spite if constant pleading from greece that comes to this day , turkey is far more important to us policies and nato pointedly ignores the greek requests for assistance in defending its borders from consistent turkish incursions as they buzz their defenses . 
  and that 's political and outside of the scope of nato . 
  nato does n't exist to protect one member from another . 
  it exists to protect any member from attack . 
  it 's one thing to ask for assistance ( as nato has provided to turkey in terms of patriots near syria ) but the situation has to warrant it . .  as we have seen in shooting down of su-24 , buzzing is in fact one step from shooting . 
  greece claims that average year has over 1000 cases of turkish attack jets violating it 's airspace as they buzz their defenses , for far longer periods than russians did in case of turkey . 
  oh come on . 
  a massive turkish overreaction does n't define something . 
  the disputes greece and turkey have in the aegean are , at the end of the day just that . 
  i 'd argue that greece is in the right , but hey . 
  i note that greece has n't shot down any turkish aircraft as a result and turkey has n't either ( even based on its less solid reasoning about territory . . ) . 
  there have been fatal accidents and frankly turkey needs to stop but it 's quite obviously not a nato issue . 
   claims on nato defending gibraltar or falklands are absurd . 
  the falklands falls outside of the scope of nato , and the point about gibraltar was more relevant to the eu ( and not made in relation to nato , as it is well within scope ) . 
   it is most certainly possible for great britain to call on nato for this . 
  it would be perfectly possible for the uk to call on nato to help defending the falklands , but there is no requirement for nato to act . 
   problem is that brits understand very well that their requests would be met with same fate as greece 's . 
  again , no . 
  the uk is well aware that the falklands falls outside of the scope of the treaties , and that whilst i 'm sure it could get support from nato members , it is n't really relevant . 
  greece on the other hand has n't been attacked and equally has no call on nato . 
  it seems that some people see nato as a big stick to call upon whenever they feel their interests are threatened , that is n't what it is there for . 
   again a patently absurd claim . 
  what is ? 
  nato membership grants states specific benefits in regards to deferring costs of defense , political privileges of being a member and so on . 
  sort ot ... 
  it provides for mutual defence in the event of an attack and a few other aspects . .  on the other hand , nato state basically functions as a base for projecting us interests far from its own soil . 
  really ? 
  you do n't think that us bilateral agreements and ability to project power do that and that on occasion , when interests overlap , nato becomes a vehicle for that ? 
  because those are very different things . 
   it 's a vis a vis trade . 
  us is obviously the leader of nato and it 's us that chooses when to grant nato aid and when not to , as greek-turkish conflict showed . 
  and other nato members decide when they want to support nato operations too . 
  the primary role of nato however is n't really at issue . 
   frankly suggesting that nato is not directed by us suggests a remarkable depth of ignorance of reality . 
  the idea that nato is entirely a vehicle of us national interest is such a massive oversimplification that it shows a staggering lack of understanding . 
  the us has and even without nato would be in a fantastic position to both project power and influence , nato on the other hand is subject to its members wishes . 
   5 . on your last point , you appear to confuse the separate interests of various eu member states as something that has varying degree of interest in regard to syria and actions taken there . 
  no , i 'm saying that eu members have different interests and intentions as far as syris is concerned . 
  nato ca n't act because there is a split . 
  the us has been able to push its interests and positions because of its agreements with turkey and is carrying out its foreign policy essentially because it can . 
  the eu is n't , although some members states are ( to a greater or lesser degree ) as is russia . 
  essentially , you have a collection of countries that are able to do what they feel is appropriate , but not under the auspices of nato or indeed the eu , which seems to be what you are upset about . 
  as if there would be an eu approach if there were an eu military . 
   that is largely false - while interests are indeed different , effects of current turkish and us policies have been distinctly and overwhelmingly detrimental to all of those interests . 
  that is why i can summarize the issue as i have . 
  us and turkish policies have had an impact , as have the policies of russia , the uk and france ( if we include the wider region that becomes even more clear ) . 
  what i still fail to see is how that would be different if the eu had an army ... 
   could you please speak english ? 
  i 'll just take a moment to sidetrack this and say that for a moment i was quite pleased to see a discussion in german in this sub . . 
  there is no real reason everything has to be in english after all and frankly sometimes i feel that non-native english speakers are at distinct disadvantage ... 
   it 's easy to say that the us simply is saying such a thing because they see china stepping on their turf and that 'd be true . 
  but the flip side is , china shows time after time it does n't play by the same curtosy as other countries and sometimes not even by the same rules . 
  there is a slight irony in that this seems to be the norm for developing states and was for the us for example . 
  there is also a tendency for developed states to try and protect things like copyright and patents over longer periods and over broader concepts to protect their own interests . 
  so , i suppose i 'm less concerned about these aspects and more concerned about about directly predatory practices where the competition is at a disadvantage because the chinese state is backstopping someone ( although i have the same issues with us firms . . ) , or where china is trying to distort markets to kill the competition . 
  if a chinese firm wants to make an inferior imitation ( because it is an imitation , not a copy . . ) of something then i see less of an issue - the issue would be where quality comes up and becomes comparable , although that 'd be an issue for the manufacturers here . . 
  well personally given i have no real feeling of allegiance to the eu or feel i am an eu citizen beyond the bounds of the treaties that exist ( certainly no eu identity . . ) i think i 'd find it impossible to serve in an eu military , or offer a promise to fight and die for the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not an isolated view . 
   your first statement is strange in reducing two countries that are extremely hostile to another to just `` having issues '' . 
  the reason why turkey is still in nato is because us interests are what drives nato and turkey is in a key geographical position both in relation to middle east and russia . 
  as article i link points out , even if turkey is as hostile to european states as it is today , it will still be catered to by us as is occurring today . 
  turkey is in nato because it 's position is extremely important to nato ... greece and turkey have overlapping security considerations that are managed through nato . 
  it 's not a matter of us policy alone , it is a matter of how you defend nato , and by extension europe ... 
  the notion that it is all about pushing us interests is simply not a fair description , the us/turkish relationship may well not be what the eu would prefer , but lets face it , that is outside of the bounds of nato . 
   and i never heard that kind of a description of greek-turkish security relations . 
  two countries that fought a war and that buzz each other 's defenses over thousand times a year are basically one step away from another shooting war . 
  remember , they actually fought one already , and it has n't actually been resolved properly . 
  underlying reasons for that conflict are still present , as are all the major political actors that caused it . 
  they are n't shooting now and they are n't one step away either . . 
  yes there are some major issues , indeed ones that are incredibly contentious , but lets not pretend that there is a chance of a greek/turkish war right now , or indeed that either side would resort to warfare to achieve their current political aims ... more to the point , as nato members , they are part of a defensive arrangement that would require greek support to turkey and turkish support to greece in the event that either is attacked . 
  yes , they both have issues , serious ones , but they both also have commitments to each other . 
   for the rest of your arguments , you are obviously correct in stating that much of european defensive capability lies in nato . 
  the issue is however that the more of a conflict between turkish and various european interests rise , the less of a role nato gets to play in european security . 
  as article i link points out , when us decided to support turkey over european member states ' requests , european states were left in an effective security limbo , specifically because they counted on nato to support their interests instead . 
  again , that is n't solved by an alternative mechanism that is built around the eu , and certainly not as a replacement for nato or individual armed forces . 
  there are divergent interests within nato , but the areas that nato touches on are n't relevant to them . 
  the eu on the other hand also has divergent interests , but an eu force would have an impact on all of them ... 
  the point is that natos role is pretty clear and it remains very much subject to all it 's members . 
  for example , the uk ca n't call on nato to defend the falklands , or say gibraltar if that ever became an issue , france ca n't call on nato to defend any number of her overseas departments either . 
  would an eu army act in those interests or would the uk and france need to maintain their own independent capabilities to meet their responsibilities to their overseas protectorates and territories ? 
  if the eu would in theory act in these cases , would that be subject to individual member state approval ( or veto ? ) . 
  would the commitments and mutual defence agreements that various eu members have with non-eu members be met , or would they have to be set aside ... 
  in short , what does an eu army bring to the table other than the appearance of military capacity for the eu in a sort of wishy washy way , that does n't simply duplicate nato style cooperation ( albeit with far less capability . . ) . 
   as article i link points out , when us decided to support turkey over european member states ' requests , european states were left in an effective security limbo , specifically because they counted on nato to support their interests instead . 
  i think the problem is that various countries ( really , various groups within countries ) see nato membership as some sort of way to push their own interests and limit the uss ability to act independently . 
  it 's pretty clear that is n't the case . 
  what 's more they seem to think that they can join nato and then have that capacity without having an independent military capability worth its salt ... 
  if eu states want to be able to protect their interests abroad , they need that capacity independently , because they wo n't get it through nato or the eu . 
  at best they will get a compromise that may or may not go their way some of the time . 
   with nato being obviously directed by us and us not listening to european states in question , they are left with no alternatives but to seek other security options , and common european army is one of the ones currently entertained .
