  if it is n't replacing existing capacity , it is an additional thing , with additional costs and so on . 
  it does n't become useful for defence , or for members , it simply becomes something that the eu can point to to suggest that it has some way to back of the foreign policy that it might develop later . 
  essentially , the whole ` savings from economies of scale , reducing duplication ' and so on , go out of the window if the eu forces you are designing require the opposite from the outset . .  what do you mean by `` would n't work '' ? 
  would n't meet their military needs or allow them to meet their commitments ...  why would that invalidate nato support ? 
  it would n't invalidate nato support , it would duplicate effort taking resources from nato and moving them to this eu army . . for countries that look to nato as a defence umbrella why would they feel the need to pour resources into something that does n't strengthen that ? 
   it does not create new obligations , it just gives the opportunity to fulfill the existing eu obligations more effectively . 
  it creates new burdens . . 
  unless you are talking about existing military units and equipment simply being transferred temporarily to eu control for some specific tasking ( which broadly already exists . . ) you are talking about additional obligations and of course the restructuring of existing conventional forces to take into account this odd ` defence ' split that you are suggesting . 
   that 's the current situation , as has been made abundantly clear in libya . 
  no ... that has n't been made abundantly clear in libya , what libya made abundantly clear was that no-eu member was terribly interested in spending a lot of money or using a lot of resources on the operations they were involved in . 
  the uk and france have the capability to operate at long distances and for prolonged periods , but that comes at a significant cost , one that was not worth paying . . and lets also be very clear that the fraction of the resources that were employed by the likes of the uk in libya , still required logistical support and a significant capabilities hinged on the ability to fight abroad . .  you only need to supply a few very specific units . 
  you do n't need to do contingency planning and provide redundancy and backup for actual defense , that 's the eu force 's task then . 
  that greatly simplifies the puzzle . 
  no you need the entire infrastructure required to support them ... 
  even if you only need to deploy a few brigades of infantry , plus attachments and aircraft , vehicles and so on , and say 100 + ships half way across the world , you need infrastructure to do that . 
  the uk and france do n't have tens of thousands of soldiers in their countries deployed to defend their respective countries from attack , they have them training for their next operation abroad ... 
  throw in operational intelligence requirements , supply chains , housing for families , specialist medical services and all the rest of it and it 's rather a lot . 
  and lets face it , in terms of standing armies , actual defence of the uk , france or the eu in the event of an actual war in the eu would involve calling up tens , if not hundreds of thousands of reserves and mating them up to existing equipment , newly produced kit , or kit shipped in from the us ... 
  in short , the pressure on eu military forces is n't their ability to defend their own countries currently , it is the pressure to be available to do a whole host of things . 
  honestly , i get the impression that this seems like such a simple thing in your mind , that you have picked out the uniforms and the flag , and maybe the marching style , but missed the bit where the countries with actual military capabilities constantly train , constantly equip and have long and complex logistics systems in place so that they can put a couple of battalions of paratroopers , plus special forces , chinooks for transport , and so on on the ground within 24 hours to deal with a sudden problem . 
   yes , they will . 
  the eu defense force will be tasked with their territorial defense . 
  which mostly is n't a job . 
  soldiers do n't constantly sit and ` defend ' their territories after all . 
  essentially you 'd be deploying a large number of bored soldiers , with no operational experience and no-hope of getting any across the eu , whilst countries individually end up spending the same money they are now on maintaining forces capable of doing the jobs they actually need their forces to do around the globe ...  it 's not different from the current mutual obligation for eu members to support each other . 
  it 's just a more cost-effective way to do it . 
  there are very few countries that are in the eu member but not nato member ... and all of them count on the usa anyway in case shit goes down , so it 's the same in principle . 
  but they can stay out if they do n't want to get entangled . 
  it 's very different . 
  rather than having and running your own forces , which you have , train and use as you require and of course retaining the ability to deploy to defend a fellow eu state , you suddenly have a large eu formation that is separate from national military forces ( as opposed to part of them . . ) that is somehow going to be able to do things more cheaply . . that seems unlikely because it is daft ... at the moment , we all have armed forces that have some capacity , that can be deployed as needed . 
  we 'd still need those , but now we 'd have a permanent defence force of some sort too ... that we broadly do n't need ...  no , they 're still allowed to keep other military forces if they want to spend the money . 
  every state would simply be required to contribute proportionally ( to the tune of , say , 0,5 % of gdp ) . 
  the states that have a military budget that exceeds that proportion can keep the excess as their own military force . 
  the uk , france and others would have to spend an addition 0,5 % of gdp on a defensive force that provides little benefit , whilst still spending what they spend now on their existing armed forces , because the european army ca n't do any of the things those countries require , bar being available for national defence ? 
  and of course lots of eu countries would then simply opt for the 0,5 % option , so france and the uk would spend lots of money , lots of eu states would spend almost nothing and realistically , other than having some pretty eu troops who would verge on the useless in an actual conflict ( which again , would require massively more spending , and the ability to call up large numbers of reserves , possibly nuclear weapons you know , stuff ... ) . 
   why do you think that ? 
  the only thing that that kind of setup is better at is to satisfy national pride at the expense of effective operations . 
  except of course that several eu states seem capable of carrying out effective operations globally , whilst what you are describing is something like a defence force , albeit a very poorly funded one , that does n't offer countries the capabilities they need to meet their international obligations ...  there is no conceivable situation where the armies of two eu members would either fight against each other , or let another eu member be invaded without offering assistance . 
  so there is absolutely no reason at all to maintain a separate national defense capability . 
  there is every conceivable situation where an eu member would have utterly different strategic requirements to another , or be required to defend overseas territory , or come to the aid of an overseas ally . 
  that all requires a military capability that would n't come from the eu in the even that national forces were merged into some sort of eu army . 
  so there is absolutely ever reason to maintain separate national military forces . 
  there is however no sensible reason to set up a parallel eu force that duplicated capability for several eu states , and without those states , it ceases to be an eu army and becomes a cost cutting merger for some eu states . . 
   it can replace most of the european armies , who only have token value as gesture of assistance in humanitarian operations anyway . 
  so it might be able to replace some existing european forces , but not all , and notably the core of those for whom it would n't work would be the countries that currently spend most within the eu on their military ( plus probably a selection of countries in the east of the eu who would be wary of looking to the eu , rather than nato for defence ) . 
   and they can properly specialize their remaining national forces and infrastructure for the tasks they are actually doing . 
  except of course that does n't really follow , you ca n't have little specialised bits of armed forces to do certain tasks if you do n't also have the organisational capacity to support them , you still need logistics , training , recruitment , medical support , communications , procurement and all the rest of it , so the bulk of the costs remain if you keep a national capability . 
  the expensive bit is n't domestic defence after all , the expensive bit is the capacity to operate and fight overseas . 
  obviously that is n't a major issue for many eu countries , but again , it is for the largest spenders and those with the largest capacity ( and of course we have to remember that capacity is a factor of spending over a very long time , suddenly spending 2x what the french do on defence , would n't provide the same capacity for a very long time ... ) . 
   that 's the beauty of it : it would allow the uk and france to continue pursue their own foreign policy objectives ( eg . 
  in their former colonies ) with their specialized forces , while still allowing them to partake in the unified eu defense for which all members already have engaged themselves , effectively . 
  that 's not the beauty of it , that 's basically saying that the uk and france can contribute to a military organisation that exists along side their national forces . 
  they wo n't be relieved of any of their existing expensive obligations in terms of national defence , will have eu defence more generally ( outside of a nato context ) bolted on and still have to maintain the ability to project power and fight overseas . 
  you essentially add cost and complexity for absolutely no benefit . 
  yes , it might benefit other eu states , but at a cost to those with existing capacity . 
   at a fraction of the potential efficiency and effectiveness due to the fragmented organization . 
  that 's where the waste is . 
  we have more soldiers than the usa , and , as a whole , are second in spending behind them by a large margin , but do n't get the army that we are paying for . 
  the reason the us has such a serious amount of capacity is n't just that they spend a lot , it 's that they spend a lot all the time . 
  i actually do n't think us military spending is particularly good in terms of value for money either , they massively overspend for the capacity they get . 
  and as you pointed out , the eu would be aiming for something very different , essentially a defence force , that again would n't increase the efficiency or the effectiveness of the bits that countries would have to maintain on their own to manage their own requirements . 
  essentially it sounds like an extremely costly vanity exercise that could far better be achieved through cooperation on procurement ( which already happens . . ) and the ability to interoperate ( which also already happens . . ) with the possibility of some countries whose primary objectives are home defence to merge their forces if there is a political will to do so . 
  an eu army is something that might arise at some distant point in the future , once a lot of other elements have been resolved , but for the eu as it stands , it would n't provide savings or an increase of capacity for those who already spend on defence , and looks like a cheap way for eu states that underspend to look like they are doing something . . 
   why would that be a waste of resources any more than the current separate toy armies are ? 
  i suppose the point it comes down to is that if it ca n't replace the existing european armed forces that do exist , then it would have to be another thing that sits along side them , but is less capable and less useful . 
  it would n't provide a saving , but be an additional cost . 
  the uk and france would hardly want to be part of another military structure that apart from presumably being under eu command in some fashion , also would n't help them meet their strategic needs . 
  what would be the point ? 
  as it stands , existing military forces belonging to most eu countries are already part of nato , so there is already the defensive capacity , and eu countries can also make use of their armed forces to do all the other things they are committed to do . 
  so all in , it seems like an expensive waste of time , and another example of putting the cart before the horse . 
  if a few eu countries want to merge their armed forces then great , but they do n't need to do that via the eu . . 
  i do n't think so ... 
  if there is a requirement for protection , the police should have a duty to provide it to the required degree for officials , but it is hardly a blanket requirement . 
  most mps have no need for protection after all . 
  to be fair , in terms of expenses , lots of the things mps are entitled to in the uk relate to them running an office , it is n't money that they should be handing off to spouses or spending on doing up their homes . . a lot of the worst abuses that came up in the expenses scandal were just that , abuses , and it seems to have been tidies up quite a bit since ( and there are now ex-mps in jail ... ) . 
  if you compare an mps salary and both the expenses and perks they get to what an mep gets , it 's on an almost different level . 
  there are also some interesting difference between meps when it comes to things like immunity from prosecution ( which in the uk is pretty weak for mps and uk meps as it should be ) , as meps are elected under national electoral law they enjoy the same immunities and privileges as members of national parliaments which in some cases amounts to almost blanket immunity unless the immunity is stripped . . 
  i 'd probably argue that for the job good mps do , they are underpaid and indeed that good mps ( the majority frankly , regardless of party . . ) are n't the ones that abuse the expenses system either . . 
   frankly i 'm desperate for any time or place to change the absurd laws against gmo we have in europe . 
  it 's doing real damage to our biotech industries , which is going to have a long term impact across europe and it really needs to change . 
  but half the problem is informing the public , which unfortunately seems to come some way after taking advantage of the political opportunities that railing against anything genetically modified seems to offer . . 
   it begs to be said , again and again : no eu trade agreement will ever lower our level of protection of consumers , or food safety , or of the environment . 
  which is a bit daft , given that ttip looks to reduce non-tariff barriers , which would almost certainly include changing regulations to either be more in line with those in the us or the reverse . 
  if ttip does n't change any regulations or laws on either side , then it does n't actually do anything to reduce non-tariff barriers ... 
  my mother in law still addresses stuff to ` west germany ' ... 
  but i think that 's just because that 's the address she was given and she never realised she might want to change anything . . 
   really ? 
  which operators have roaming free areas like that ? 
  quite a few seem to have deals in place , 3 definitely does , might depend on what contract you are on too , although mines a cheap sim-only . .  except vodaphone and the owners of o2 i was being facetious . . 
  because there are n't currently , and because the uk 's mobile operators are all isolated and only operate in the uk ... 
  right . 
  and of course the existing roaming charge free areas that uk customers have access to ( depending on operator of course . . ) like say australia , new zealand , hong kong , the us and elsewhere will also realist that its silly and that because the uk is a tiny closed market , there is no benefit to anyone !, 
  reading legalistic language gets a bit nasty in german after a while , although that 's broadly true of english , and probably most other languages too . 
   `` menschenw\u00fcrdiges existenzminimum ' would translate into essentially ` the minimum necessary to support oneself with dignity ' . 
  but two words are definitely better than eight . 
   now you 're just disagreeing with a particular policy by your government . 
  surely that happens too in national states . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying that eu regulation means that barriers exist across the eu , not between eu states on eu issues . 
   there is no reason to assume that the extra bans by the eu exceed the number of lifted bans by the eu - the eu also imposes a lot of liberalization , lifting of restrictions and opening of competition .
