  the problem is you do n't * need * an eu intelligence agency or an eu army , they only become an issue if the eu wants to act in unison in areas where they are relevant , and at the moment there are only some areas where they are sort of relevant ( this would be one ) . 
  the creation of a real eu army and real eu intelligence agencies would require a massive shift of power and that can only come from member states . 
   if the future is more integrated societies then let 's get on with it already and stop beating around the bush . 
  indeed , it would at least make the arguments about what the eu should be clearer and provide a clear choice to people in the eu as to whether they want to be apart of that . 
  it 's the lack of flair that makes this even more intriguing . 
   was i wrong ? 
  if you always assume yes , you 'll never be disappointed . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ really ... 
   possibly with a bit less political correctness and a lot more euroscepticism . 
  and far more lib-dems . . 
   with 41 % leave and 43 % stay . 
  wrong poll . . that 's the 11th-13th . 
  the current one ( 18th-20th has n't been pushed out publicly by icm yet ) . 
  * edit : sorry , i realise i responded to your other comment too , should have read the username ... ) *, 
   the trend is quite interesting though it has certainly closed quite a bit , frankly i 'm more interested in the proportion of undecided people who intend to vote ( and where they appear to end up over the next few weeks . . ) . 
  this far out and this close in the polling almost anything could happen . 
  although i am sort of annoyed that i have n't put a bet on yet . . 
   this icm poll ? 
  nope , or at least not based on the article or the dates . 
  if you look at the data tables , that one is the poll for the 11th-13th march , this refers to the 18th-20th of march . 
   no , i just believe this article would refer to you refer to me how ? 
  it seems pretty clear ( and frankly , has seemed pretty clear for a long time ) that molenbeek is a massive problem that no-one has bothered to deal with . 
  the idea that you let people force some bastardised religious based rules onto people or to create a separate society is clearly wrong and should be dealt with ... now , maybe you could come to some sort of a point or conclusion rather than just implying vaguely what i might think ? 
  i mean , at this point i have no idea what you are getting at ... 
   well fuck me . 
  it 's just views . 
  it 's not like iran actually kills gays , saudi arabia chops hands and pakistan kills blasphemists . 
   that does n't happen . 
  those people hold disgusting views but they have no repercution on their society or others . 
  oh wait ... all lovely and valid points , but i fail to see what your point is with regard to what i said ? 
  are you somehow confused as to my views about the kind of abhorrent acts you 've mentioned above ? 
  do you think i think they are ok , or acceptable in some way ? 
  that they should n't be condemned ? 
  if so i 'd love to get where you get that idea from . 
  the indoctrination certainly . 
  there are plenty of shitty areas that do n't breed terrorists after all . 
  i sort of touched on that where i pointed at the ideology that fuels the groups behind these attacks . 
  no , a description . 
  conservative religious beliefs would be what i was referring to , nothing to do with relativism . 
  i did n't suggest that they were somehow valid positions or that they are acceptable , in fact i think i was fairly explicit that i do n't think they are . 
  i was , if anything differentiating between isis and their supporters and people who hold a particular set of views that fall significantly short of those . .  sorry man i forgot the limbo needed to be performed when talking with rational people like you . 
  clearly . 
   european holds those views = fucking crazy person . 
  middle eastern = conservative . 
  okay got it . 
  wow . 
  either way , fucking crazy person . 
  and the moment you pick up a gun or build a bomb on the back of one , you become something else again . . really not hard . 
  i 'm fine thanks , but you carry on . 
   death for apostasy , homosexuality , blasphemy is a conservative view ? 
  yes ? 
  we are talking religious conservatism right ... 
  in the context of islam ... or are you confused about the term and think it applies uniquely to a particular political ideology ? 
   i thought polls have consistently shown that clear majorities of muslims hold these views . 
  what , clear majorities of muslims support isis 's positions ? 
  funny , i thought the vast majority of muslims had issues with salafism . . or do you mean that there are way too many muslims that hold conservative views ? 
  i 'd agree on the latter , but most of the issues i have are with terrorists and their supporters and enablers , not the idiots who need to bring their values in line with the 21st , or at least the 20th century . . 
  the one thing i always bring back to the uk from brussels ... well , that and chocolate sprinkles . 
  because you know , sophistication . 
  right , and i 'm saying meh . 
  i 'm less worried about islamic terrorists now than i was about the ira before the ceasefire ... europe is n't going anywhere , extremism is n't going to win a battle of ideas , never mind anything else . 
  interesting quote , although not from my comment , but of course the implication is there . 
  but hey , belgium clearly is n't a war zone . 
  there is n't a war going on in belgium any more than there is a war going on in france , sweden , the uk , the us , germany , australia or any of the many other countries that have suffered some kind of terrorist attack in the last 6 months . . belgium suffered a terrorist attack , it wo n't be the last this year , it is n't the first . 
  it is n't even the worst . 
  there have been terrorist attack in europe , asia , the americas and beyond every year for decades , but the places that were targeted were n't war-zones and did n't become war-zones either . 
  today we saw an act of violence , an atrocity and there are people dead who should n't be . 
  but the group that carried it out do n't have the capacity for war outside of a very limited area and it is incredibly unlikely that they ever will . 
  working against it . 
  until then this is the middle ground ... 
  as poor as the timing of this post is given the events today , it is still entirely valid . 
  brussels is n't a war zone , it suffered an atrocious attack one that will leave a scar , but people will continue to go to work and school , they will continue to use the underground and public transport , they will live their lives . 
  nowhere is immune from terrorism , whether domestic or international , islamic , separatist or ideological . 
  nowhere has ever been immune , there will always be people who feel that terrorism will further their cause , or harm their perceived enemies and who have or seek the means to harm them . 
  brussels is n't a war zone , it was n't a war-zone in january and it wo n't be a war zone next month . 
  that does n't mean there are n't problems , it does n't mean there is n't a real threat now , even if it is limited , but the portrayal we have seen of belgium at times , especially since paris is excessive . 
  it 's not dissimilar to the kinds of stories we heard from london after 7/7 , or indeed about parts of paris after the paris attacks . 
  and neither of those cities are war-zones either . 
  daesh like every other terrorist organisation before them will try to use terrorism and barbaric acts to harm people in the countries where they have the means to do so . 
  just as other terrorist groups have done in the past . 
  and as we have done with other terrorist groups , we will identify their supporters , the cells and their financing and we will take them apart . 
  it might take a while , they may well kill more in the interim , it might mean that other groups take over , but in the end we will win and their ideas and aims will be consigned to the dustbin of history , they will just be another group of terrorists who failed to achieve much at all . 
  and lets be very clear , i do n't much care for the eu , or schengen , i do n't aspire to see a european federal state ( quite the opposite ) , but today 's events has very little , if anything to do with the eu . 
  i believe there have been issues with the belgian security services and security cooperation , but those failings are not the cause of these atrocities . 
  we do have a refugee crisis in the eu , and a problem with the way people are moving across the continent , but that is n't the root of this problem either . 
  the root of the problem is an ideology or hate held by a relatively small group of people that advocates an abhorrent view of society , with backwards notions as to how we should live , and a set of values that i find as alien as i find them distasteful . 
  that is the threat , that is the cause and that is something that we can and should be acting to neuter wherever we find it . 
  of course , it wo n't be the last ideology that is at odds with many of the values we share , it wo n't be the last time people are drawn in to a harmful and objectionable cause . 
  it will probably never be the last time . 
  but these groups are n't an existential threat to any western country , they are n't able to turn belgium into a war-zone , never mind europe as a whole . 
  they can not and will not win . 
  so ... ho hum . 
  it 'd been a while since i flew through ben gurion but iirc , whilst there security was efficient ( it was n't quick . . ) there were still quite a lot of people in one place at a time , tbh it did n't seem massively different to flying through somewhere like gatwick . 
  that said , they presumably had security more in mind from the outset and have improved processes over the years as threats have evolved . . 
  i 'm not sure it deals with the issue entirely , but i 'm sure it makes it less attractive to terrorists to some extent ... 
  if i compare it to somewhere like d\u00fcsseldorf ( which seemed to be full of massive open spaces with lots of people congregating ) i can see that it 'd be quite a bit safer if someone decided to attack it with explosives . 
   there is no space in central london . 
  there is space around london and elsewhere in the uk though , it 's not as though housing shortages , or house price rises are limited to london . 
  the issue with london is simply that it is even more pronounced . 
  quite a few countries do it well , but , at least in my experience , there are still generally queues at check in desks and as you pass through security .
