  a gradual depreciation is fine , but if germany were to exit euro surely a spike would happen which would have devastating effects . 
  if germany simply pulled out , it would hit everyone very hard , germany would have far from a stable run . 
  it would harm confidence and trust in germany and that 's not good . 
  if germany announced well in advance , it would cause some turmoil , but the market could price it in . 
  remember that europe without germany would leave an economic block with a much bigger economy than that of germany , and even a eurozone without germany in would represent a larger economy than that of germany . . 
  because it is n't even slightly accurate . 
  the us forces in germany were n't put there to defend ` europe ' . 
  us defence spending is n't about europe and us interests align with europe some of the time and against it at other ( or simply run a different way entirely ) other countries interests also align with the us occasionally ... 
  the us spends a lot of money on it 's military , to protect itself not europe . 
  it is about us power and us primacy ... 
   germany owns most of the european debt . 
  i assume you mean something other than what that implies ( germany is n't the main creditor to other european states . . ) and whilst germany certainly could exit the euro , i 'm not sure that the consequences for the rest of europe would be worse , although i 'm sure it would cause major problems for some eurozone members . .  just look at how much of a reserve drachma was and it is probably the biggest contributor still to euro 's strength . 
  i 'm going to assume that you mean the dm , not the drachma ( because . . well . . ) and whilst you are absolutely right that the mark was a strong and stable currency , backed by a decent economy and all the rest of it , that would be massively hit by a german euro exit , much like the pound was harmed by economic issues in the 70s and 80s and so on . 
   last time i checked , the entire european continent 's defense rests on us troops and capabilities , as well as the security of its energy markets and exports markets check again , because it simply is n't accurate . 
  the us 's policies and positions are about us interests , not european interests . 
  happily they do align somewhat some of the time . . as to the eus energy markets , the us has a massive vested interest to tilt that balance toward itself , both in terms of access and control ( and it does . . ) where it can , and where it ca n't ( russia . . ) the us has little or no interest in the impact of policy on the eu beyond what impact it might have on us export markets . . 
  usually when people are talking about tax havens they are n't talking about income tax . 
  that does n't seem to be about bookshops , but rather internships vs their normal volunteers ... 
  ... and on that note , does anyone have a good goulash recipe ? 
  is there scope for camping ? 
  i 'm planning to do a bit of a tour next summer and there are so many gorgeous spots popping up in croatia - had planned to do netherlands , germany , austria , italy , france and then home , but east coast of the adriatic looks pretty fantastic too . . 
   they are specifically referring to the border between the uk and the rest of europe , people interested in crossing that specific border , and eu 's power to determine who can cross that border and why . 
  the eu does n't determine who can cross that border and why though , that is a product of the uks agreements as part of the eu ( and with its opt-outs . . ) and not relevant to the current refugee issues . . 
  the uk can after all , deny entry to practically anyone without a british passport at the border ( although in practice , you can probably include all eu passports too ) . 
  now that is n't to say that ukip is n't opposed to free movement generally ( which is daft . . ) but in this case it does seem to be about the outer borders , not the inter-eu borders ( schengen and otherwise ), 
  not a problem , thanks . 
  not really , i 've lived in lots of places across that whole mid section and ` beer ' is the word used for beer , bitter and lager are probably both used more than ale although again , both are somewhat specific . 
  if anything ` pint ' might be a more common shorthand for beer in the context of going out to drink one ( but not , i 'm going to the supermarket to buy a pint . . ) . 
  i assume its a bit of wishful thinking ( even in scotland i do n't think ale is that popular as a term for beer , at least not the more southerly bits in my experience . . ) . 
  really , in which case i apologise . 
  that said , i ca n't see it in / r/europe 's recent submissions , nor anything else on the same subject sourcing similar data . 
  would you mind pointing me at the relevant submission ? 
  i ca n't quite see how they 'd go about it without consent . 
  i can see it being pushed as an eu thing ( because it is unpopular domestically . . ) but as with rather a lot of things , this ca n't work without member state approval . 
  well , he 's announced proposals ( that would have to be agreed by the countries in question ) to distribute 120,000 additional asylum seekers across * some * eu nations , which is a bit different . 
  i do n't think the eu ( commission or parliament . . ) is in a position to actually do anything of the sort without the approval of member states . . 
  as per every map related to ` how they say ... ' - ale is n't interchangeable with beer in the uk , it has a fairly specific meaning ( as opposed to lager . . ) . 
   edit : dammit juncker stop mixing english and french this , i 'm fine with german , i 'm fine with english and i can just about rub along with french but the switching actually makes it harder to get into a rhythm . 
  in terms of refugees living within countries it 's about 2,500 for japan , 300,000 for china , 140,000 for thailand , 100,000 in malaysia ... singapore and vietnam seem to have none , but i suppose given that even 10 years ago there were nearly 1 million vietnamese refugees in places like hong kong , indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore and thailand it 's maybe not that surprising . . 
  there are after all lots of refugees on the move , the people fleeing syria are n't even the bulk of that migration . 
   it 's one of the few possible ways of creating a reliable estimate on how many there are with a foreign background . 
  i would assume that there are a fair number of swedes who are born abroad though - given there is a fairly sizeable swedish diaspora and a fair number of swedes who are temporarily rather than permanently abroad , doubly so now with the eu . . 
  it just seems odd that a swedish person , born abroad to two swedish parents would be classified as foreign born . . 
   defined as born abroad or ... on that basis i 'd be foreign too , but i 'm not . 
  since when does ` born abroad ' become having a foreign background ? 
   which is very good , the long term price deals with individual eu countries , resulted in a huge variation of gas prices , with particular higher than normal on eastern members . 
  it ; ll be interesting to see what the outcome is , the current prediction is that we will end up with broadly higher prices and more volatility ( which means pushing costs onto consumers to deal with the risk . . ) at least initially - assuming that there is broad participation anyway . 
  the issue is logistics ... 
  your local shop ca n't ship things as cheaply as a large organisation with an integrated logistics operation , it has to buy in a service . 
  if it is n't using it much ( small shop , niche area , most customers local . . ) then it 'll cost much more . 
  but lets face it large organisations do make it work , i can order anything from practically anywhere via amazon , whether its christmas tree lights from germany or wine from a seller in france . 
  i do n't see how a ` pan-eu shipping company ' would be any different from what we have now in most eu countries with healthy competition when it comes to parcel post and a slew of eu wide companies anyway . . 
  it 's certainly easier now than it was 10 years ago and prices , whilst higher than ` free ' are pretty reasonable . 
  and a common sales tax policy ? 
  no thanks , taxation is a national issue not an eu one . 
  there are several international agreements that keep postage costs down , there is some fairly significant subsidy of postage ( as well as lower prices generally ) in china and lots of chinese sellers are shipping in volume to eu based distributors so . . 
  i think # 1 for 4 pints of milk ( which seems to be about average ) comes to about $ 0.40 a litre in the uk so the milk price is wrong too . . 
   surely if you do n't have documentation to prove who you are you ca n't enter a country . 
  i think this applies to pretty much everyone apart from people fleeing war and persecution ( for fairly obvious reasons ) . 
  obviously it 's massively preferable for refugees to have id , and i am sure there has always been some component of people claiming to be from one place when having come from another , but applying ` you must have id ' to groups of people often fleeing the very same government that would issue id seems a bit absurd . 
  i believe that even the un refugee camps issue id where they can because not everyone has it . .  i ca n't enter many countries without giving full documentation of who i am . 
  same goes for applying anything . 
  why should it be any different for them ? 
  i refer you again to the whole , fleeing war and persecution thing . 
  for those in real danger who are fleeing war there is a good possibility they did n't pack and hop into their car on the way to a boat , but that they had to leave under less than ideal circumstances , that their home , property , documentation etc. . were destroyed during that war or any number of other reasons . . 
  it 's different for them because they are refugees . .  i mean especially if people provide inconsistent documentation about who they claim to be . 
  that on the other hand is a very different issue and probably applies more to those who might not be refugees ... 
  the problem here is basically one of some people exploiting a situation that essentially harms legitimate refugees and creating positions like the one you put forward - refugees should n't need id , they do need shelter and support , but it may not always be possible to tell them apart from others who may not be refugees if they are using the same routes of entry . . 
   because idealistic ideas do n't help and the reality is set by the eu . 
  no , it really is n't , in absolute seriousness , this is a bizarre and manifestly false notion . 
  the eu has so little impact on much of what we would call reality ( service provision , policing , education , sanitation and so on , and so on ) that it is effectively unnoticeable , there is no eu foreign policy as such , no defence capacity , no real policing and if you are outside of the eu , no relevance to the currency or fiscal policy either . 
  the eu is large , its important but it is far from what you suggest ( and i say that as someone who is n't that keen on the eu . . ) . 
   in theory the eu is limited , but nevertheless the parliaments do n't have a choice than accepting all proposals . 
  yes , they really do , which is why germany is having to go its own way on so many things without going through the eu , in fact the suggestion you make is in part the federalist ( and ever closer unionist ... ) argument for why we need closer union , because the eu really does n't have an impact on so many parts of national governance . 
   and countries like france and germany setting the agenda . 
  that is partly true , but on that basis who cares about any of the small countries and what does it matter if a new one is created . 
  i would argue that it 's important if people want it , and that you ca n't deny people a decision in how they are governed , but even in a practical sense , if the eu revolves around france and germany , what does it matter if an area is dictated to as part of a larger country , or as a small region ? 
   the eu is setting the political boundaries for your upcoming democracy . 
  it really is n't ? 
   ignoring the eu and it 's every day action would be pretty stupid . 
  ignoring the eu and its impact generally would be a bad thing , but lets face it no one is suggesting that the eu be ignored , just that it is n't the be all and end all and it certainly should n't be seen as a barrier to independence when there is a clear will ...  a huge part of the agenda of a parliament will be dictated by the eu no it wo n't ... 
  the eu is limited in its competencies and its influence by those large members ... 
  certainly some part of any parliaments work will include elements from the eu , but in most cases it wo n't be dictated and it certainly wo n't be anything like the majority of what a parliament deals with . .  and a larger country has better cards to influence the eu . 
  certainly true , but what has that got to do with anything ? 
  any one country can have a major impact on the eu if they want , they will face issues from other members , but its perfectly possible . . usually things are worked out collectively , that would n't change ( and assumes that any new state would be an eu member in any case ) . . you could claim that the us , or ireland should never have gained independence because they would have been more able to influence the world as part of the british empire or the uk , but that 's plainly stupid when you look at what people want . 
  we are supposed to be living in democracies that respect the will of the people , why does that suddenly go out of the window when there is a hint of a demand for independence . . ? 
  i do n't really see how the eu is relevant to independence referenda or declarations ... granted it 'll be an element in any debate , but if scotland , catalonia , bavaria , sardinia or even cornwall decide they want to push for independence , have the support and can demonstrate it , there is n't a whole lot the eu can or should do about it . 
  some of the larger eu states might well take issue with it , but that is hardly going to stop those that want independence . . 
  surely we should be happy that the current crop of secessionist movements are broadly working on a political basis , if there is no hope of a political settlement that will change and i do n't know about you , but i think it 's a bit shitty when things start blowing up . . 
  i 'm not talking about oppression , but self determination . . scotland is n't oppressed , nor were canada , australia or new zealand when they gained independence . . 
  i was n't aware you had to be oppressed to want or gain independence . 
   i do also want to point out that there is a historical precedent for what happens to countries to that use unilateral declarations of independence : rhodesia , what 's now known as zimbabwe , though the specific circumstances surrounding that were different . 
  there are some other examples , the us and ireland being two that may seem more relevant ( the latter more than the former ) as well as places like croatia and slovenia . . oh and of course crimea ... more of a mixed bag than a specific precedent ... 
   catalonia is n't exactly an occupied nation . 
  `` freedom '' does n't really seem to apply here . 
  i do n't think that 's a prerequisite for claiming that a people seeking independence and real autonomy is not about freedom ... 
  i mean on that basis lots of countries that are independent now , but were previously colonies , or constituent countries would n't be able to apply ` freedom ' as a motive either , when clearly that is the case . 
  if you do n't like your government and enough people in a given area agree , then it comes down to the freedom of self determination ... 
  to me such a regionalism looks a little bit silly , because of the smaller markets , which is more inefficient . 
  it 's about autonomy and political freedom not just the economy .
