  indeed and that might cost the uk 1 % of gdp , although even that is n't a guarantee . 
  but why do that at all when there is only downside for everyone involved . 
   have n't i read some arguments suggesting it may be in the uk 's interest to be outside the customs union anyway ? 
  probably . 
   someone in the leave campaign was saying recently that the uk post-brexit would be able to rapidly set up bilateral trade agreements with the us , with canada , and so on , without the bothersome eu bureaucracy slowing everything down . 
  the eucu does n't preclude the uk from negotiating other agreements in the way eu membership does . 
  * edit : does to does n't ... *, 
   why country can effectively deal with illegal immigrants today ? 
  quite a few of them do , france generally does . . 
  the recent eu crisis is n't the general normal , it 's something that has become an issue because of the way schengen is set up and the way schengen states coordinate and cooperate . 
   but then french border control in calais could refuse them entry on french territory , fine the carrier and make him send them back to their departure point , the uk . 
  the departure point is still france , they did n't make it to the uk . 
  the carrier would end up having to ship them back to the country their travel documents are issued by . 
  that 's potentially somewhat costly . 
  which is why the carriers are unlikely to carry migrants who are unlikely to be permitted entry to the uk ... 
   yes , i can see the uk agreeing to pay for a migrants prison in france ... 
  i 'm confused , why would the uk need to agree to pay for it ? 
   woah there , it looks like you 're deliberately taking my words out of context ? 
  i wrote :   if uk membership of eucu is inextricably linked to uk membership of eu , the uk would at least have to join eucu on a different basis after brexit . 
  i took issue with inextricably i think . . 
  it is n't inextricably linked if the uk can maintain membership outside of the eu . 
   i honestly do n't know , mostly because the leave campaign can not explain what will happen if brexit is voted . 
  that 's largely because there are several approaches and it will depend on the negotiation . 
   if the uk wo n't contribute anything and expects to join the customs union , i 'd be surprised if the eu countries play ball . 
  certainly switzerland and norway will be rightfully indignant . 
  the uk being part of the customs union would be a contribution to that union . 
  although making the same contribution as say any other non-eu eucu state seems reasonable . 
  what is turkey paying for access ? 
   germany , italy , and france will look at their trade with the uk and decide whether they 'd prefer to give up some uk trade in favour in intra-eu trade . 
  that 's a complex analysis but off the top of my head there are few uk exports that could n't be sourced elsewhere inside the eu . 
  there are few eu imports that the uk could ' t source elsewhere either , but i assume germany and france like selling cars , industrial equipment and so on to the uk . 
  are there other export markets that will make up the rather large gap that the uk would leave ? 
   if uk membership of eucu is inextricably linked to uk membership of eu that assume that the uk ca n't sign up to the eucu outside of the eu , which is clearly false . 
   if the uk is n't prepared to pay to be a member of the eea , the eu is likely to look for some other quid pro quo from the uk in return for access to the internal market , is n't it ? 
  absolutely , and that 's most likely to be access to uk markets on an open basis . 
  it 's quite a large economy with a good regulatory and legal framework and lots of existing business with eu states . 
   if the uk wo n't cut a deal ( again john redwood 's position ) , why should the eu provide unrestricted access ? 
  why treat the uk better than norway , for example ? 
  it 'll provide something close to unrestricted access because it 's important for the likes of france , germany and italy . 
  and lets be really clear , the uk is n't norway , the uk 's internal market is massively bigger when it comes to goods . 
  on the service side there are issues with the single market anyway and the uk and eu have interests in deepening that to some extent ( although there is opposition , even within the eu ) . 
  do you really see the eu placing barriers between itself and the worlds 5th largest economy ? 
  and one that will initialy have almost no regulatory barriers ? 
  come on . 
   that 's not the point . 
  at all . 
  the point is that touquet agreement shifts the burden of dealing with those migrants from the uk to france . 
  it does n't . 
  these migrants could n't travel to the uk even if those agreements were n't in place , if they did manage to they could be returned to france ...  again , why do you think we made the agreement in the first place ? 
  because it made cross border travel easier between france and the uk . . 
  it was n't to keep migrants in france . .  migrants are supposed to go through british customs as per the treaty . 
  unless the uk wants to open offices in the whole region i do n't see how or could be otherwise . 
  why does the uk need to set up offices in the whole region ? 
  the agreement is one of juxtaposed controls . . 
  it does n't cede calais to the uk . . and lets be clear , uk immigration officers in france do routinely refuse entry to the uk ( where appropriate ) . 
   fine . 
  why even talk about or then , if the british authorities have it all under control ? 
  and if that 's such a non-issue , why is this thread about macron 's warnings regarding the migrants , and not about macron 's warning about the consequences for the city ? 
  because it seems to me that a lot of people think that moving the controls back to the uk would somehow mean anyone could travel to the uk and that the uk would have to accept and deal with migrants . 
  they would n't . .  that 's how it worked until 2004 , and i ca n't see that being an actual issue . 
  do you really think touquet agreement were made to accomodate travelers through the tunnel ? 
  yes , and to prevent undocumented travel which simply adds a burden to carriers . 
   it 's pretty much illegal to send someone back where he is an illegal alien . 
  it would n't be possible to send them back to france . 
  it 's entirely legitimate to deny entry to someone who has no right to enter , it is then the responsibility of the carrier to return them to where they picked them up from , or to the country that issued them with travel documents ( if the country of departure refuses . ) . 
  that 's generally why carriers wo n't take people without valid travel documents and something to indicate that they would normally be allowed entry to their destination ( visa etc. . ) . 
  why does that suddenly stop being the case between the uk and france , when it is the case on every international flight , ferry and train ? 
  obviously if someone illegally enters the uk by stowing away on a ship or similar , deporting them gets harder ( although if you look at asylum seekers , the uk has made a bit over 2,000 requests to transfer asylum seekers back to another eu country under the dublin regulations too . . ) . 
  this is broadly what borders are for , i do sometimes wonder if people on here have forgotten what a border is , do people seriously think that simply getting to another border means that all responsibility is transferred or that the country on the other side has an absolute requirement to take whoever gets to their immigration posts ? 
  why is it up to the uk to deal with illegal migrants in france ? 
  how would the uk even do that , the uk has no jurisdiction in france ... 
  if they get to the uk illegally it is a uk problem , but i do n't see how that becomes more possible if border checks are moved to the uk - they 'd still have to board a ferry or a train and they 'd still end up being returned if they did n't have entry clearance . 
  about the only thing that adds is a cost to the carrier who is responsible for taking them back again . . 
  yup . 
  agreed . 
   there are thousands of people in calais camp . 
  and the whole point of the agreement is that those people go through british customs on french territory . 
  indeed , but they wo n't get through british immigration checks , because they have no right to enter the uk in any case , and they likely would n't get that far because operators check passports against passengers before even that point is reached ( or at least they do in the uk , i assume it 's the same in france ) . 
   it 's not like there were hundreds of towns near the tunnels . 
  no . . not sure what that has to do with it though . 
   if there were n't any agreement , british customs would have to do that on british territory , which is obviously not what their authorities want . 
  indeed , but the carrier would still be responsible in the first instance so it 's not as if the first time a passport would get looked at would be the uk , more to the point if the controls were in the uk , people would simply be turned around there and put back on the train ( carriers responsibility after all ) if they were denied entry . 
  that 's why we have the agreement , to stop messing about with people travelling and then being returned , when we could simply not allow them to travel in the first instance . .  concerning the idea that dover unreachable by migrants : if that were the case , then why agreement , and why even talk about macron 's proposal ? 
  because shifting border checks make it a pain in the arse for both sides and impedes cross channel traffic . 
  it 'd mean a check on boarding ( by train staff ) then a stop and check en-route . 
  that makes little to no sense when it can all get dealt with in one go . 
  the point of course is that unlike an airport , passengers travelling from these departure points are all travelling to the same country so it makes it easier to deal with all in one go . . macron 's proposal essentially adds cost and wastes time without dealing with the problem at all , and with a bit of unhelpful finger pointing added in . 
   there 'll have to be a separate agreement worked out , wo n't there ? 
  indeed there might well be ( as with many things ) , but as i said , the eucu and eu membership are n't linked so that 's hardly a barrier , and whilst there are questions about what the uk 's status would look like on leaving , it seems incredibly unlikely that it 'd result in the uk outside of the customs union ( not impossible i grant . . ) . 
   in the uk 's case , i think forever ? 
  or is there a separate agreement that wo n't need to be revisited in the case of brexit ? 
  there are several non-eu members of the customs union , and it pre-dates the eu , is there any reason why the uk would n't be a part of that ? 
  there is no requirement to be a member of the eu to be a part of the eucu . . 
   lol what the hell . 
  we ai n't north korea mate no , you are n't , but you know as well as i do that refusal to allow someone to leave on the grounds that they have no right ( and no likelihood . . ) to enter the country they are heading to is n't the same as simply denying exit . 
  generally , you ca n't allow someone to leave to a different country , but there is no requirement for the receiving country to accept the person , and as such , you can prevent them ( and generally the carriers do this . . ) from leaving in the first place . 
  the reason should be fairly obvious , and that is that there is an obligation on the carrier to return them to their point of departure or to the country where their travel documents originate . . 
  so in practice you ca n't prevent someone leaving if they have anywhere else where they can legitimately go . . 
   yes it is . 
  go read the human right declaration .
