  syrians would likely have a legitimate asylum request ( you know , actually fleeing persecution and war and all that ) and unsurprisingly the various immigration authorities are pretty used to having to deal with people who have magically not got any documents or a country of origin - ( consequently not having a country of origin makes an asylum claim impossible , so you get deported once they figure out where to send you to , which is n't as hard as you 'd think ) . 
   imo there 's a brand new institute of the country where asylum first time asked for that in eu case overrides old one being failed asylum demand . 
  i doubt it , but i 'd love a source ... 
  the rule is that asylum seekers must make their claim in the first safe country they come to , if they do n't they can be deported to that country . 
  it does n't override or change an asylum decision . 
   i do n't think there 's any . 
  there are laws and constitution where process is defined . 
  i should rephrase then , i do n't think there are any countries that make it easier to apply for citizenship for refugees who needed asylum when compared to other classes of immigrants ( except those classes where citizenship is explicitly not permitted . . ) . 
   afaik there 's no the rejection possibility for those countries and there could be no legislative in eu ( afaik ) that could expel them out of eu . 
  umm , yes there is the possibility of rejecting asylum applications and indeed the country that rejects the asylum application can expel them ( or rather deport them . . ) back to their country of origin . 
   so , imo , an eu country could hold them for life in those camps or could give them the citizenship . 
  i honestly ca n't think of a single eu country that gives failed asylum seekers citizenship and i 'd be surprised if more than a few granted citizenship to successful asylum applicants outside of the normal citizenship processes . . 
  but this seems to be about illegal immigrants , not asylum seekers as such - people with no legal grounds to enter or remain in a country can absolutely be deported back to that country . . 
  actually no . . 
  the ` targetable ' part of ` multiple independently targetable reentry vehicle ' is important , this is n't a shotgun approach , it is a lot of warheads that can attack separate targets being delivered by a single missile . 
  essentially , you can launch one missile and hit several targets , or you can mix and match the payload , include some dummy warheads or other penetration aids to further limit the already pretty minimal potential of abm systems . 
   well , i agree that if you take enough time then you can still go to war eventually . 
  but the point is , in practice it would take a lot of time and a lot of expense yeah . . war does that most of the time , between developed states massively . .  and the mere fact that you need so many preparations would give the hotheads time to cool down . 
  or more time to rile up the populations . . 
   to your other point , `` keeping out and watching '' , this does not endear eu members to the uk , as it effectively says that they are only willing to participate in the upsides of the eu , but not interested in ensuring that those upsides occur in the first place . 
  are you describing euro membership as a downside ? 
  there simply is n't any support for euro membership in the uk , there is a lot of opposition . . 
  there also does n't look to be much of a benefit and a lot of potential downside , that is n't the uk not being interested in participating in the eu , but not seeing monetary union as being in the uk 's interests . .  in the end it all contributes to a somewhat subtly increasing isolation of the uk from the corridors of power in the worlds second largest market after the us . 
  no it does n't , the uk is very much a part of the eu , it just is n't part of the eurozone and whils eurozone members rightly should have control over the euro and monetary policy , they do n't have any more control of power over eu institutions in general ... 
   if an eu country were to go to war within the eu , it would kill yourself in a single day . 
  except it would n't , because it would n't just happen from one day to the next . 
  there would be some build up , countries would take sides , there would be excuses , provocation , breaking of the rules and so on . 
  it would be justified by one or both sides on some perfectly sound and reasonable grounds . 
  hell , if it were something that built up over a period , the countries involved would push to mitigate issues where they did n't have the infrastructure or were vulnerable and again , i 'd point out that half the time war is a result of a miscalculation , it 's either popular sentiment or taking a bluff too far , it might be about pride or perceived injustice . 
  all of that is still prevalent in the eu today , countries still pull hissy fits ( see gibraltar . . ) . 
  war is hard today , globally , yet there seems to be a lot of it , just very little within continental europe if not none . . 
  although , i would point out that that is true of lots of other parts of the world too . 
  no , but there was interdependence between states and a lot of globalisation at the turn of the century . . that is n't to say things have n't changed a lot , but i think it 's a massive stretch to suggest that economic interdependence could prevent , or even dependence . . war is n't always rational . . 
   this particular crisis will have long term repercussions , whatever the outcome , and the uk will be standing by the side as those repercussions reshape the eu . 
  that is n't a particularly good argument for the uk involving itself though ( and i 'd argue this will have a profound impact on the eurozone either way and less of an impact on the eu to a certain extent , that is to say the difference between eurozone and non-eurozone member states will become more pronounced ) . 
  arguably it 'd be an argument for the uk keeping out and watching ... 
  it is n't as though euro membership was even distantly on the agenda for the uk so on that score this is n't going to do anything to change that notion . 
  and because the uk is n't in the euro so it simply would n't fly . . 
  the eu for the uk is very much not about monetary union , it would be absurd if cameron involved the uk in something so many people were and are so dead against . . 
   see below then . 
  yes ? 
  if you make the argument that dealing with economic and developmental disparity promote social cohesion then this might suggest that is the intention of the eu , but i 'd argue it 's a tiny part and given the breakdown over the last few years , the potential greece grexit and increases in both disparity and economic failures within the eurozone and outside of it , i 'd argue it is n't exactly working ... 
  i 'd also point out that it is n't relevant to political cohesion either . . 
   and there can not be one because their economies inter-depend and they would ruin themselves ... 
  if that were true , wwi and wwii would n't have happened . 
   the eu provides peace by economic and political entanglement inside . 
  and yet half the eu have n't been members for a long time ( in the context of post wwii peace ) . 
  it might help , i do n't think it makes much difference ...  leaving the eu would be a huge blow to the economy of most eu countries or at least be hurting your economy in the long term . 
  for example if the eu creates regulations and norms involving your countries biggest exports , you really want to sit at the table or you get the short straw . 
  it might , but it probably would n't make that much difference , depends on the relationship post eu membership . 
  the eu is n't going to suddenly start sanctioning , or imposing massive trade barriers on non-eu members ( see trade with china , the us and a host of other non-eu states ) . 
  it 's a eurozone institution , the uk is n't part of the eurozone so there 's no good reason why it would be . 
   most people in this universe know jack shit about history and politics . 
  which alone makes your argument irrelevant . 
  it 's also not just about the present , but the future . 
  the comment i replied to was specifically about the history european nations , counterpointed by the notion that these days silly wars are something those crazies in the east do , and that this was down to the eu . 
  in that context , it 's important to point out that it probably is n't down to the eu ( and possibly that we 've had more than enough war in , and on the edges of europe recently . . ) . 
   i said the eu , much like the eec before it , and the european coal and steel community , come about historically to help prevent war . 
  that 's how it started and that was the vision . 
  a possible break up of such institutions should n't be taken lightly . 
  the ecsc was about bringing about conditions that would make war between france and germany impossible , the work done to build on , expand and in parallel to that has been about the economy and cooperation . 
  but the ecsc does n't exist today , we have something very different , and if the eu is reorganised , revised , reduced in size , expanded or whatever , or if something else ( or a few something else 's , like the eea . 
  eurozone etc. . ) take it 's place or a different direction that is fine too . 
  it 's not going to lead to war , or rather , if it does , it would n't be a war that would have been preventable had the eu still existed ( so unthinkable in either sense ) . 
   wars tend to seem unlikely at times of peace . 
  unlikely events happen all the time . 
  yes ... but i 'm not sure why that is relevant . 
   nato does n't maintain political and social cohesion . 
  nor does the eu . 
  nor is it intended to ... podemos is pretty strong , they want to leave nato . 
  the french national front should n't be dismissed and they want to leave nato . 
  in hungary , we see quite a bit of approximation to russia . 
  and greece could very well align with them . 
  all possibilities , none of them terribly likely all of them manageable . 
  nato survived with major members leaving , it has survived the fall of the organisation it was set up to oppose . 
  it can and will adapt and reform if needed . 
   who the fuck knows how things would play if certain events were to take place . 
  no one does . 
  but lets not pretend that even the uk leaving the eu could jeopardise peace in europe , or that even fairly major changes to the institutions in europe would be anything other than change . 
  change happens , it will continue to happen , the important thing is that where there is change there is democratic input and control at the nation state level . 
   we can only speculate about alternate universes . 
  we can , but i do n't think most people in this universe would credit the eu for peace within europe . .  that 's irrelevant . 
  it 's a was a work in progress even before the eu existed , since the inception of the european coal and steel community . 
  yes it did , and there have been a number of treaties , unions and groupings at different levels too . 
  crediting the eu with peace seems a bit daft in that context , suggesting that a collapse of the eu would mean a reversion to war ( rather than a reversion to more limited treaties , or a different approach . . ) is absurd . 
   if greece goes bankrupt , and leaves the eu , and extremist anti-western parties and ideologies flourish , and they leave nato and align with russia , that would leave us weakened . 
  if all that happens ( which seems incredibly unlikely ) it will hardly make any difference in terms of the strength of nato , it would cause some logistical issues , but hardly anything insurmountable ( we survived with france out of nato , i do n't see greece being out of nato or the eu as terrible ... ) . 
   yes nato is great , but nato is not a substitute for an european union . 
  both have their roles . 
  there i agree , they have different roles . 
  one of them is about defence and one of them is currently pulling in a couple of different directions , it will be interesting to say which direction is eventually taken , and whether the eu can be flexible enough to accommodate the varying needs of its members . 
   and yet recent statistics contradict you , showing support for staying in the eu is at an all time high . 
  oh i agree , 60/30 in favour of staying in at the end of june . 
  but at the same time , there is a lot of elasticity in those numbers and like i said , i keep finding more and more people i would n't expect to be less favourable about the eu . 
   the eu was never meant to be a mere economical project . 
  people forget that in most of its history european nations were at war . 
  these days silly wars are something those crazies in the east do . 
  i do n't think that most people would credit the eu for achieving that , not least because not all countries joined the eu at the same time , but also ( and more importantly ) because there is a far better argument to say that nato was a driver for peace within europe ( and that arguably the perceived russian threat fostered unity ) . 
  i 'd also add that i am finding more and more people in favour of leaving the eu if there ca n't be reform to reverse the current integration trend and frankly i ca n't see cameron getting anything like an agreement that says that . 
  personally i 've gone from being 100 % behind the project to being unsure how i 'd vote if the vote were today . .
