  british citizens retire to countries all over the globe , i 'm sure even under a more restricted migration regime that will remain the same . 
  the countries that the uk exports to would n't cease to exist if the eu did n't exist so we could still export to them . 
  holidays to the european union do n't seem any safer under the eu than holidays to canada or the us are and frankly even before schengen it was easy to travel for leisure . 
  as to getting ripped off , the uk has consumer protection legislation , it is n't some novel eu imposition that ca n't work without the eu . .  we are supposed to trust you over sir keither starmer why ? 
  well , we seem to manage to have intelligence and police cooperation between other countries too , so i do n't think that the eu is the basis of all british security . 
  its not like the threats the uk faces are largely from within the eu in the first place ...  it has plenty of statistics and information from various industry bodies , what specifically are you disagreeing with ? 
  that without the eu they would n't . 
   you sure did write a lot of words without even trying to rebut anything contained in the article . 
  i wrote a throwaway comment on what i thought about the article , i was n't trying to rebut it . 
  however that does seem to have annoyed you excessively so you 'll find more detailed reasoning above . 
  the point being that the uk manages to have relationships and trade with lots of countries , the eu has certainly made some things easier , but it is n't the only way that could have been done and i 'm not sure the costs are worth the benefits . 
   the argument is that british influence as a part of the eu would still be greater than british influence as not part of the eu . 
  and i disagree with that , i think the eu under-performs in terms of using the influence it has , and i think the uks influence is significantly limited . 
  as such the uk 's ability to act on behalf of the uk , or to ensure the eu as a whole works to benefit the uk in specific areas would be limited , not enhanced by continued membership . 
   i 'm not sure what the point of the bus analogy is , considering there is no bus driver in the eu and everything is decided via negotiation , voting and consensus . 
  there is certainly a direction of travel and the uk is only one country amongst many , so has significantly less say in what that is than is entirely comfortable . 
  even with these ` reforms ' . 
   maybe we should have a referendum on whether or not to build it from the ground up before the brexit referendum . 
  that 'd be great , but my point about reform being almost impossible is pretty relevant . 
  after all , i do n't see how you could build from the ground up , you would n't get countries on board to do it in the first place ( the devil you know vs. ... ) if it looked like that were possible , or change were really possible i 'd have a very different position . 
  as it is , you are right . 
  such a pity . 
   you 're using the n. irish flag , whilst also arguing that because we are part of a union with other countries ; it 's not `` our '' influence ... 
  yes ? 
  i 'm british , i 'm talking about british influence ... 
  i 'm aware that the influence of each constituent state within the uk is balanced with the interests of the others , but its on a different scale to the eu in every sense , population wise , in terms of economic and foreign interests and in cultural terms . 
  just because i think the eu is not right for the uk , does n't mean i do n't think unions generally are a bad thing . .  is the uk government aligned with n. irish interests ? 
  nope . 
  i 'd argue yes . . as much as they are for any other part at least . 
  whether i agree with the policies that and the priorities that surround those interests depends more on which party is in westminster than anything else ...  what a terrible analogy . 
  feel free to come up with a better one . 
   neither you nor i has control over the british government ... no , but we have far more influence at every level than we do at the eu level and there are far more people involved at the eu level too . 
  we are balancing competing interests and losing the ability to look after our own . 
   what you 're asking for is a dictatorship . 
  unfortunately you wo n't find many people that support that . 
  what on earth are you spouting now ? 
  i 'm not after a dictatorship , i just do n't see a collection of 500 million people being able to represent any particular one very well , even under the most favourable circumstances and the eu is not , by a long shot , well set up to do that in the first place . 
   but i do n't think they 'll be as easy to negotiate with the eu from outside the eu . 
  what kind of message would that send to other eu member countries ? 
  you can leave and keep the benefits you like without the things that you do n't agree with ? 
  that can only have one outcome : scrap the eu altogether . 
  possibly , but realistically i think it could also mean a shift and looser association between the eu , an eu core an eu periphery and surrounding states . 
  not everything has to turn into a political association after all . 
  and i 'd argue that 's an absurdity . 
  our influence would go from being ours to being part of someone else 's . 
  there is n't much point wielding some influence within a strong power if , as it is now , that strong power is n't aligned to your on interests . 
  i 'd rather be driving my own car than sitting close to the driver on the bus , because regardless of how much more i might be heard , i have no control over the direction or the stops any-more ... 
   what i meant is that more integration would lead to the actual structure around the eu mattering more , and therefore more people would work to `` fix '' that structure . 
  i 'd argue that 's getting it backwards , and probably more importantly , given the goal is integration there will be a significant portion of people who wo n't want to ` fix ' the structure if the integration has happened , as it would risk changes they have no control over . 
   at the moment the eu parliament is huge , slow and unrepresentative , and what powers that the eu has over its member states is rather ambiguous and constantly changing . 
  not really , they are pretty clearly laid out , if anything there is a bit of a tendency to extend those competencies beyond what they appear to have been . 
   specifically , i think that the eu should focus of making its government more democratic , by allowing the population to vote in its elections , not national governments . 
  this would also help with the fact that people think that some foreign government is making their laws . 
  it 'd certainly be interesting , but the eu is n't a government ( its an intergovernmental organisation ) so you 'd have to see countries giving up quite a lot to achieve that . 
  more to the point , you 'd basically be asking everyone in smaller countries to hand over control directly to the more populous ones . 
  that is n't going to work regardless and it 'd be suicide politically for it to be driven by politicians ( and i ca n't see it being driven by anyone else ! ) . 
   they should also try to decrease the amount of seats it contains because no government can be effective with 720 seats . 
  its a little hard to argue that even with 751 seats to represent 500 million people it 's hard to argue that the ep is anything close to representative ... each mp already has to represent 600,000 voters , compare that to the uk where each mp represents less than 100,000 voters and it starts to look daft . 
  no , the line currently is that it 'll come some time after the 18-19th of february , or the 17-18th of march depending on the outcomes of the various summit meetings . 
  people are suggesting june , but i 'm not so sure about that . 
  i have to say i 'm slightly bemused by the list because it really overstates the situation and , probably more annoyingly , reads like the person in question has never looked beyond the eu , or at the period before there was an eu . . 
  most of these benefits would exist to some degree or another whether the eu existed or not , whether it changed significantly or not or indeed if it became a federal state or some loose association . 
  they are n't wonders that are only possible under the current arrangements or even unique . 
  but its a damn good headline . . 
   however , i think that a lot of the structural problems will be fixed with more ( and better ) integration between member-states . 
  why ? 
  i realise that 's a broad question , but if you look at the last two decades or so , and especially since the last round of expansion , why do you think there will be better and more integration that fixes the structural problem ? 
  there is literally nothing to indicate that will happen , and rather a lot to indicate that it wo n't . 
  member states interests and aims are now more diverse than they might have been 20 years ago , popular support for more integration simply is n't there and it 's getting less so . 
  the eu ca n't impose on members , and the members are n't going to drive change that does n't benefit them ( they ca n't ) , so you will end up with either ever more crisis driven reform hammered on top of what exists with only partial consent if it 's necessary for the good of the project . 
  i 'd like to see what you are suggesting ( as stable eu is a good thing . . ) but i do n't think its all that likely , and i do n't really want to be part of the end result . 
  i suppose it depends on what you see as disadvantages . 
  personally i do n't see the issues i have concerns over ( and migration is n't one of them . . ) as temporary , i think the regulatory approach , the cultural clash when it comes to law , the ineffectiveness of european institutions ( especially around the eurozone ) are all pretty entrenched . 
  i do n't want to be part of some federal state where i have even less say than i do now in how it works , i do n't want to be part of a union where i do n't feel i share the same aims or values as the majority . . 
  probably most importantly i really dislike the faux european identity rubbish that is being pushed to achieve this . 
  i speak a few european languages , i have travelled and lived in various eu ( and non-eu . . ) countries and i still do n't think it 's a good idea for the uk to remain part of the eu on its current course . 
  in short , its not the temporary issues that the eu faces now that i have an issue with , it is the structural underpinnings that contribute to those , that seem impossible to deal with as there is a concern it might harm the prestige of the project as a whole . 
  i 've been up rather a long time at this point , so this could have some issues , i 'll read over it again tomorrow but ... : basically eurozone states have expressed a fairly clear desire to integrate further and faster to establish a more sustainable euro - that comes off the back of the various crises we 've seen and it 's frankly a good idea . 
  the problem is that the mechanism they want to use is the eu generally , which makes sense for them , after all , eurozone countries now have an in-built majority under the eu 's new voting rules . 
  that means that they can override non-eurozone countries in eu institutions . 
  that 's what the uk would see as ' a bad thing \u2122 ' the threat that presents to other eu countries , outside of the eurozone is n't just a theoretical one either , the eu-wide bailout fund was used to provide bridging loans to greece on the back of non-eurozone opposition , despite an agreement in 2010 that it would no longer be used for eurozone bailouts . 
  so the idea is that non-eurozone states should be in a position where , if they oppose something collectively , the eu would have to find consensus . 
  obviously it 'd be daft if those non-euro states could effectively block the eurozone from acting generally , so the idea would be that if consensus ca n't be found , the proposal could be dropped , or only be pursued by a smaller group of member states . 
  so what is needed is something that protects the non-eurozone members from the eurozone , but still allows eurozone states to do what is needed to support the currency . 
   that 's the whole point of international treaties and organisations , the competences are shared . 
  not sure about this particular point , but i think that different eu members still can have their own immigration and social policies . 
  i was responding to the point on ` your country , do as you wish ' . 
  the uk ca n't at present , and apparently wants to , hence that point in the negotiation . 
   and what if they are n't working ? 
  i suppose the point there would be that the rights and freedoms as they were put together were about goods , services , capital and workers . 
  there are some edge cases around pensioners and obviously students and so on , but freedom of movement is n't simply that you can go and live in any eu country and resort to state aid if you want to . 
  again , i do n't think that is the case generally , but that 's where my point on workers comes from . 
   i was never living abroad , just travelling , but i know for sure there 're people claiming benefits and not working , i guess some are cheating , but there 're also legal ways . 
  i 'm sure there are legal and illegal ways , i 'm sure there is some fraud too . 
  but in terms of what rights we have , they are/were defined in a certain way . 
   i just do n't like how uk is negotiating with the eu . 
  can you articulate why ? 
  i mean , the government broadly has expressed what it wants to see , has been fairly keen to compromise to get something and in the end has n't exactly steam-rolled its way into success . 
  there are n't exactly many mechanisms to push this from within the eu and obviously there are domestic issues in the uk too . 
  a significant number of people do n't want the uk to be in the eu , the government has to recognise that ( which is why it start the whole referendum and negotiation thing in the first place . . ) .
