  because if it is n't why would you make the assumption that it might be able to do that to the uk ? 
  lets face it , the uk has quite a few advantages , in addition to size , to those countries and the eu seems pretty keen to have agreements with them . . 
  it should be obvious that there will be reasonable bilateral negotiations that keep everything nice and stable , so we do n't have yet another crisis to deal with in europe . . 
   it is relevant because the eu provides some safeguards , if only diplomatically , against parliamentary sovereignty . 
  it provides no safeguards whatsoever against parliamentary sovereignty , given that acts of parliament are what implement whatever it is that the eu is doing at any given moment . 
  the eu ca n't protect anyone from parliament ...  it 's much easier to change the face of human rights in britain overnight if the country leaves the eu , and there are much less legal hurdles in doing so as well . 
  it 's not any easier , it 's just simpler ( it 'd be easy if parliament wanted to do it either way ) . 
  the real barrier to deteriorating human rights is the british public , it has always been the british public and frankly , it should be ... that 's where most of our rights now come from and it 's the only viable guarantor . 
   they do . 
  the charter of fundamental rights is part of the lisbon treaty ... and really clearly does n't extend the competencies of the eu into areas it does n't already exist and essentially your argument about applicability is only valid if the uk opt out is invalid ( which it is n't , given both the way it has been applied and given that it was clearly negotiated with the intent of not extending rights ... ) . 
  moreover , the charter ( which by the by is incredibly weak . . ) at best reaffirms other rights , the bulk of which stem from the echr and again , are n't relevant to a uk exit from the eu ... 
   what i am saying that a monetary union has to lead to a fiscal union . 
  and a banking union and political union . 
  that 's then no-longer an economic question and potentially problematic unless you happen to be very pro-integration ... and the eurozone does n't currently have that , which is yet another issue . . 
  indeed . 
   human rights are also part of the eu acquis and the legal status of the opt-out is in no way clear , so it 's not that simple . 
  it mostly is that simple because of how the competencies are divided , you ca n't really make the argument that the eu provides human rights distinct from the echr or enforces them for individuals outside of the context of the ecthr . .  i also never said i would leave , only that i 'd like the option . 
  fair enough . 
  very different , and i do n't think you can take something out of context and from ~ ~ 50 ~ ~ 70 ( damn ) years ago and apply it neatly . 
  that said , i think i 'd share the sentiment today , i 'd rather the uk stepped aside and let the eu do its thing than stand in the way . . 
   i trust the eu a lot more than i trust westminster to protect me somewhat . 
  i also trust the courts in this country to follow the law of the land , which currently means eu law and handing some competence to eu courts . 
  well that 's daft , when it comes to human rights , you are talking about the echr and the ecthr , neither of which are eu institutions anyway and both are based on treaties parliament has put in place . . to be honest i would n't trust the eu to protect me any more than i 'd trust westminster , and i know that most of the rights i have now come from the sacrifice and work of people in the uk , not because it was handed out by the eu . 
  most importantly , i believe i have , and can have far more influence in westminster than at the eu level ...  at the very least i want to keep the opportunity to fuck off if theresa may ever ends up as pm . 
  is it me or is it always jarring when people say they 'd leave the country if x becomes prime minister . . 
  i mean , i remember 1997 and the enthusiasm for labour , then my disappointment in 2010 , compounded in 2014 , but it always feels like there is both capacity for change and a limit on government ... hell , if it felt like that was true at the eu level i might even be more supportive of it . . 
  its not a new view , but i was struck by the presentation of : * there 's a divergence of interests . 
  members of the euro area may need more political integration to make the single currency a success , but , as osborne said , `` the british people do not want to be part of an ever closer union . 
  '' * which is very much true and sounds like a solid argument for the uk leaving , unless there can be significant change before the referendum ( which is unlikely . . ) . 
  when you couple it with * the eu operates on the presumption , enshrined in its treaties , that all of its members are heading to the same destination of `` ever closer union , '' with the euro as their currency . 
  * it pretty much becomes clear that the uk at least needs some other approach , whether that can be achieved from within the eu is really the question . . 
  relevant bit for those panicking at the title : * winston churchill was right , europe should be a superstate and britain should hang around the edges , getting something out of it . 
  the former prime minister 's zurich speech just after the end of the second world war called for the creation of a `` kind of united states of europe '' that did not include britain . 
   and for me if british people wan na stop immigration inflow because it make tensions and many other problems i think it 's is quite too late for that . 
  well , obviously for those who want to see tighter , or just different immigration rules , the argument would be that a change in those rules will restrict inflows . . those inflows from the eu are pretty significant and even though the uk has seen significant immigration over the years , taking more control of it now certainly help . .  i mean this new inflow of europeans to uk is priceless . 
  those people are most worknig group in society by % . 
  well yes , broadly because free movement in the eu is based on work , and you ca n't come to the uk and simply claim benefits . 
  plus those people that are most mobile are those in the age groups that tend to be in work anyway . .  for what i seen on my own eyes some problem is with immigrants from india , pakistan and so on . 
  they live in so called ghettos they have different culture than european . 
  ofc many of them blended in but still during my stay in uk i saw many differences between how well this new inflow from mainland of europe blended in and how sometimes it is hard to blend in for people who are in britian for decades and are not originaly from mainland europe . 
  it 's just my own experience . 
  and many people that i met there had same view at this . 
  right , but those groups are generally british and a bulk of them have been in the uk for significant periods of time and have been entering the uk for a long time ( and new migrants face significant obstacles to entry . . ) , essentially that comes back to the uks colonial history - and obviously significant numbers of those in the uk came when the uk needed workers , or as a consequence of war . . 
  but the point again is that the uk has made migration harder . 
  now on the eu side there is n't the capacity to limit immigration and there are more eu citizens in the country than there are people from the largest immigrant groups from the last half century . . 
  personally i 'd prefer to see free movement within europe , but i also understand the argument that many people make that immigration to the uk should n't be restricted to eu countries and should be open to anyone who meets the criteria that the uk sets . . 
   you do realize not been part of eu also mean been out of no border right ? 
  you do realise that the uk is n't in schengen ( and so the uk has borders ) and that the eu trades with other countries already right ? 
   that 's the whole point of been part of eu , been into a common no border market . 
  and the uk would probably be happy with that , but the eu is also pushing further political union and ( in my view admittedly ) starting to use it 's competencies in areas of trade to intrude on national issues ... 
  the eu is far more than the single market these days . . 
   but still would n't rule it out . 
  the thing is , there 'd be no need to . 
  the uk is going to have some form of visa free travel between the eu and uk anyway , irish nationals have a special status in the uk already and the uk leaving the eu does n't mean it 's leaving the customs union , nor preclude it striking a deal ( like say turkey ) on that . . 
  there simply would n't be a good reason to actually put up a border . 
  although i hear that there are several miles of fence left over from the big nato summit the other year ... 
   but neither are national governments . 
  they , too , face rebukement by eu courts if they try to usurp any competences . 
  that proves that they 're on equal footing in that regard . 
  no it does n't . . 
  the countries absolutely define the competencies of the eu through the agreements that they sign , and in the case of a few eu countries , their own courts are the final arbiters on those agreements . 
  the eu can not under any conditions expand or alter its own competencies ...  the eu is not a group of independent states , nor a federal state . 
  it 's an unidentified political object sui generis , so far , and will remain so for a good deal longer . 
  it 's up to political scientists to find a name for it afterwards , and i 'm perfectly fine with that . 
  the eu is a group of independent states bound together by a set of treaties , there is no eu level sovereignty and yes , someone may come up with a name for that later , but it does n't change where the power sits or how control is exercised . 
   what i think is inevitable is an increase in cooperation , uniformization and enlargement of scale in europe , centered on the eu as primary institution . 
  possibly , we 'll see , but i think it will be discrete groups of countries and different levels of harmonisation with no central power . 
   f course there will be plenty of objections , delays and changes of pace along the way , but the advantages and opportunities are simply too large to stop or reverse the process for the foreseeable future . 
  the advantages and opportunities are different depending on which country you are talking about and frankly that is where the problem will lie . 
  i can see the eu going through some serious reform , what emerges at the end probably wo n't be a strong , centralised federal europe , but something else entirely . . 
   what is most important factor for you as a british person that makes you wan na vote to stay or leave , if brexit wo n't solve any of economic problem ? 
  there are lots of different reasons why people might want to leave , from immigration through to where they want the buck to stop politically . 
  for most people it is n't about economic advantage , indeed i bet quite a few people would be happy to put up with some small economic cost if it meant that the uk was no longer part of the eu . 
   the only thing that protects us is having mps that do n't agree with those things . 
  this , and lets face it handing off responsibility for your own democracy to an outside force does n't seem like a good idea or a better guarantor . . 
  i seriously doubt it ... 
  well , no , first there is a vote , then we count the vote , and then we do whatever it is that the most people wanted to do , after a bit of negotiation about how we will deal with the eu afterwards ... 
   uk is only a major economy for europe because they can still operate within europe as a member . 
  closing eu market for uk will lead to a major catastrophy for uk . 
  closing the eu markets to the uk would be a major catastrophy , but the eu is n't going to close it 's markets to the uk , and not a single person anywhere has suggested that it should or would . .  europe would be the great winner by sending uk far away , making others countries in eu rise and take place . 
  europe would certainly be given an opportunity to move forward in the direction it wants to go , that 's a good thing and a good thing for the uk to stand aside and let it happen . 
  not the end of the world , and of course the uk wo n't receive anything back either , it 's still a net loss to the eu and a net gain to the uk , but it 's only around 5 % of the eu budget , and i think the eu runs a slight surplus and generally under-spends anyway . 
   maybe , just maybe , it would be a net positive for both sides if the uk leaves ? 
  the uk can make a bilateral trade agreement with the eu , and the eu can get its closer political union in order , without which the single currency does n't really work but that the uk at the same time will always refuse to join . 
  almost certainly , that 's what both sides will be working toward . 
  i realise that there seems to be a narrative of a failure of the uk outside of the eu and indeed of a failure of the eu if the uk leaves ( and of retaliation by the eu , retaliation to retaliation by the uk and so on ) , but lets face it , everyone will want things to broadly go well . .  but as i 've written before , prepare yourselves for david cameron having to wait on a chair in the hallway before he can speak with the president of the european commission . 
  an older female colleague of mine used to work directly for a commissioner ( not even the president ) back in the nineties , and she says it is pretty confronting to see the un secretary-general boutrous-boutros ghali or pms from non-euro countries quietly sitting and waiting on a little wooden chair for hours until the commissioner found the time to meet them . 
  for some reason i doubt that , if for no other reason than it shows an utter lack of respect for the organisation in question and would invite the same in return , for literally no gain . 
  not to mention that it 'd be childish and mostly just suggests that the eu civil service and functionaries are incapable of maintaining a diary or anticipating workloads ... 
   leaving would be a bit weak from a country that 's known not to give up . 
  you could make the argument that not-leaving would be weak on the same basis , it is n't about giving up , it 's about having the courage to make your own way ...  guess they would also be pretty obsolete ally to the us if they are no longer considered an important part of european politics . 
  the uk will always be an important part of european politics , even if they are n't part of the eu , and as to the uks alliance with the us , well , that 's built on more than its eu membership too , it 's not like the us does n't have enough eu members as partners ... 
  the uk and us still have similar interests and a lot of bilateral structures within which to work . 
   the uk is hardly going to sanction the reu is it ? 
  reading half the comments here , i 'm expecting a naval blockade . . 
   have you heard of the guy who is living in peru or something and adopted some 2 ' 000 children ? 
  that sounds insane !, 
  very good point , although i think the situation is sufficiently different for that not to be relevant and i 'd also argue that it was n't an attempt to punish , as much as it was an attempt to solve a problem through massive coercion ... 
   even if the eu and the uk try to present it in a way that its not a big deal , it still is . 
  you can try to put a cake on the table and tell everyone it is a bread , but it still is going to be a cake and people will see this .
