  right , but we do n't have to hand over citizenship , or a permanent right to live , we do n't have to grant citizenship by birth to their children and frankly we owe it to their home countries that they return and rebuild . 
  personally i 'd like to make sure that we send back people who have been supported , kept safe , educated and with good feelings toward us . .  we can take them in provide them with whatever basic things these people need . 
  indeed , there is still a faint humanist somewhere deep inside me , but that side of me is certainly at odds with the side that likes to see a long term solution , not an emotional appeal to short term alleviation of human suffering . 
  alleviating human suffering is hardly a fucking short term emotional appeal . 
  it 's the whole point , you seem to be confusing broken asylum policies with actually providing aid . 
   the gesture of wanting to help is beautiful , but in the end no solution . 
  this is n't about gestures though is it , this is about providing that help in a sensible manner , it 's not about opening all the borders , it is not about un-chekced movement , it is not about no-strings attached residency and asylum , it is about providing aid to those who need it . 
   the first thing we actually agree on : it is indeed less relevant , but i inserted that part to counter the moralistic ` pressure ' that is being practiced on others like me to just accept these people without question . 
  but i 'm not doing that ... you seem to be constructing an argument against someone who . . 
  i do n't know , wants to open all the borders and allow anyone into the eu , give them a car and a house and let people get on with it and explain that if you do n't you are a fascist . 
  i do n't think anyone is doing that . 
   i tasted this in one of your previous comments ( that 's why i spoke of a perceived ` moral highground ' ) , and wanted to ask you some valid questions in connection to that . 
  really , which comment was that ? 
   there is no single demand for them to dance in the streets and bless the ` salvation ' brought to them by the dutch state . 
  no , but according to you if they are not grateful they are not really refugees . 
   contrary : there is no need to complain as seen in the article ( there are other ways , for example discussing difficulties with the coa , the entity responsible for harboring these people ) . 
  i think there are plenty of reasons to complain , i 'm sure most people could find something valid to complain about in almost any setting . 
  what makes you think that people who have gone through massive trauma suddenly would n't ? 
   also : there is no failure to ` see ' why these people may complain . 
  i just do n't accept the complaint as appropriate on the backdrop of their own circumstances , combined with the already slim domestic support for helping these people in the first place . 
  and there is the lack of empathy . 
  you ca n't see why someone might complain under the extreme circumstances that they find themselves in . . 
  the rest of the discussion is fluff , this is the relevant point and as i said earlier , there have been complaints from practically every group of legitimate refugees , why would n't there be in this group and for you to tar the whole lot on the basis of some odd personal hypothesis on how refuges should act is . . well , shall we stick with odd ? 
   your perceived moral high ground is certainly not well received on this side , but i really have a good feeling in which ` corner ' of the political spectrum you belong . 
  that 's all fine , but that guarantees we are not going to agree anytime soon . 
  i 'm not really that bothered if people agree with my position or not , but it 'd be wrong if i did n't challenge your statements ... 
  i 'd also be intrigued as to what ` corner ' of the political spectrum you think i 'm on because i 'm pretty sure that everything i 've said to you is more a universal human thing than a party political ...  have you ? 
  have any of the people responding here , except some exceptions here and there ? 
  it shows how flawed this argument is . 
  i looked at source material from refugees , you drew upon your feelings . . 
  so it 's not really relevant is it ? 
   any comparison with ww2 is false and misleading : we are talking about people that come from dramatically different countries , in a cultural sense as well as in turns of human development . 
  when you are trying to compare refugees in ww2 , that being people of european heritage over 70 years ago , with the people that are coming in now you 're making a grave mistake . 
  this is a novel argument , are you suggesting that refugees who escaped from europe to other parts of europe , canada , australia and elsewhere are somehow allowed to complain because of a shared cultural heritage whilst this lot are n't ? 
  and i did n't just compare them to refugees from wwii , but also other refugees ( wwii having finished somewhat before 1970 . . ) . 
  i 'm sure vietnamese refugees who came to the uk count as sufficiently socially and culturally different . .  that aside , my answer remains the same : you have no right to complain even then as long as you 're properly taken care off . 
  right , and you can hold that opinion and i 'd still say you lack basic human empathy . 
  however your claim was that real refugees would n't complain . 
  they clearly do ...  if the netherlands would disintegrate tomorrow and become some european somalia ( clarification : a failed state plagued by internal unrest ) and germany would accept me into the safety of its borders , the last thing i would do is openly complain !, 
  it is against all common decency to do so against your host . 
  right , if you were kicked out of your house or flat , lost your job and access to money , and were living in a tent near the austrian border , you would n't complain at all , and no-one else would either . 
  come on , it 's not credible . 
   first of all , who is fleeing from war ? 
  many of the people coming into europe today are n't fleeing from war , so it certainly is n't as clear cut and fantasy like as you would like it to appear . 
  those that are fleeing from war should be given some leeway in expressing themselves out of emotional distress , but even then there should n't be much of a margin for it . 
  we are talking about refugees , if someone is n't fleeing persecution or war then they are n't a refugee but a migrant . 
  that 's the definition ... 
  your view seems to be that the definition of refugee is someone who arrives and does n't complain . 
   am certainly no person that ` lacks ' empathy : i just do n't think we are solving anything by allowing these people in in large numbers . 
  this year europe accepts over 1 million of them , while next year dozens of millions will be born in absolute poverty again . 
  what are we fixing ? 
  why does this drop in the bucket make any difference ? 
  why should we facilitate a brain drain from countries that are already struggling ? 
  most importantly : why should we make an unfair distinction between the people hit by conflict x or some other grave cause ? 
  again , how is this relevant ? 
  i get it , you do n't want refugees coming to the eu , i think we have a duty to care for people fleeing war and to make sure that they can return afterwards ... how is that relevant to your point on refugees needing to be thankful and not complain ? 
  this really is n't about your views on asylum or migration , i could n't care less what they are , and up until now you have very little notion of what mine might be . 
  it is the demand for gratitude and the failure to see why a refugee might complain that is problematic . 
   since you like the comparison though : if germany were to hypothetically speaking disintegrate tomorrow i would expect all germans coming to this country to make do with was given to them . 
  we in turn have an obligation to provide them with the basic necessities of life . 
  and i 'd agree with you that we have an obligation to provide them with the basic necessities of life , but i would n't expect unbridled gratitude and no complaints , because it would n't happen now any more than it did the last time european countries had to accept german refugees . 
   it is a distinction out of principle : a person that flees from war is happy enough to be safe . 
  that 's the first and foremost thing . 
  everything that accompanies life at this safe haven , whether it be food or accommodation , are of a secondary nature . 
  the most important feeling that goes through your mind in such a case is that you do not need to fear for your own life . 
  and you know this from your experience of having fled a war ? 
  i ask because there are a lot of documented complaints from refugees fleeing various places in wwii complaining of the condition in the places that they made it to . .  there 's even a case to be made that every refugee that crossed into europe , after they set foot on e.g. 
  turkish or lebanese soil , is no longer a refugee but a migrant . 
  i know that case is often made , but i think its a daft one , they are still unable to go home , they are still looking for somewhere to live . 
  they are still refugees , albeit once they are safe they should be less of a problem than those that have n't been able to . .  that aside : whether you agree or disagree with the distinction made is not the most important thing . 
  behavior as outlined in the article above shows a clear lack of gratitude , and that is what stings the most . 
  a lack of gratitude ? 
  the people who are fleeing war have had their lives destroyed , their country destroyed , potentially family members raped , killed or captured . 
  potentially their entire existence has been turned upside down , but you are bothered by the fact that they are n't showing you the relevant amount of gratitude ? 
  the lack of empathy is palpable and really quite sad ...  and yes , if you ask me , a refugee or migrant got no right to complain after being properly taken care off . 
  none whatsoever : they are being provided for by the means of others and therefore a bit of humbleness is required . 
  great , and your punishment for those is deportation ? 
  would you have applied that to european refugees who fled in wwii , the spanish who fled spain ? 
  because they certainly complained about accommodation , food , weather and much more ... 
  i really do n't understand why you feel that refugees should suffer if they are n't sufficiently thankful , their lives are already in pieces , whether you are getting enough approval is n't really relevant . . 
  probably not , there is a moderate amount of research out there on this ( from the 1940s through to the 70s , probably later as well , but i ca n't find it . . ) that points out that refugees are happy to escape war , but they understandably want to live a decent life and be able to move on ... 
   a true refugee does not make complaints as you can read in the article . . where do you get this idea from ? 
  if you look at pretty much every major refugee movement that is well documented , including german refugees ( that were interned ) to the uk you find that there are complaints about their conditions . 
  there are a slew of reasons suggested for this ( from not being able to get back at those that caused their suffering , through loss of station to excessive expectations ) . 
  the idea that a refugee ceases to be a normal person and so should be happy simply at being given shelter and food is really quite daft . 
   however i could imagine that with foreign aid comes a lot of political influence and i can understand that uk , or other european countries would n't want to lose their influence in china , mexico or india . 
   completely off topic , but it came to my mind when i was reading that article . 
  interesting point nonetheless . 
  however i 'd be willing to bet that countries like china would set as much stock in market access , investment , bilateral research and development , access to government contracts as they would in development aid and that arguably that would n't change the level of influence ` bought ' ... handing over cash to get concessions becomes ineffective once the country you are talking about gets above a certain size , or the people you are handing money to get less corrupt ( or have to be seen to be less corrupt ... ) ... 
  or excluding people from even being allowed to take part in elections in the first place ... 
   lets stop claiming that uk loves cameron like he 's some sort of god while everybody else sucks donkey balls . 
  he got 6 % more votes than second place . 
  who the hell is claiming that anyway ? 
   come back when you take 2000 per day , like we do . 
  and on per capita levels , that 'd be 12 000 a day . 
  i think the aim is to make that unnecessary . 
  i 'm pretty sure that refugees and migrants are n't nectar points or pok\u00e9mon , the idea is n't to collect them all , but to support people who need support . 
   cameron won 36 % of the popular vote and he has 51 % of the seats . 
  democracy everybody !, 
  the conservatives unfortunately got more votes than any of the other candidates in 330 of the contested seats , as a result , he has more mps than anyone else and so a majority in parliament ...
