   they are a smaller player , with weaker offers in almost all categories , they 're there if you need cheap equipment , not necessarily great . 
  on the uk side the lynx and now wildcat , as well as the westland apache all seem pretty solid offers , and not terribly cheap either . . 
   the market will eventually take care of the european defense industry if they do n't do it themselves . 
  there is nothing inherently wrong with the european defence industry , in fact countries like the uk , france , germany and russia do far better than the us does proportionally . . 
  augusta westland is a uk head-quartered italian firm though and poland is hardly alone in buying in defence kit . . 
  poverty is probably the most serious one of those , it 's amazing how much of an impact deprivation and a lack of prospects can do to people and communities . 
   because western europes markets , some of the most valuable to access on the planet , are worth soooo much less than access to poland . 
  who said they are worth less than access to polish markets ( i note you ignored workers and development . . ) . 
  when poland joined the eu , the eu already included , or had relatively open trade with ` western european ' markets . 
  in context , gaining access to emerging markets like those of poland is extremely valuable , indeed it brings far more value than it costs , and that value will continue even after the costs end !, 
   obviously we needed to throw money at them . 
  it was completely justified . 
  it makes sense for the eu to do that with member states and ( as it does ... ) countries outside of the eu too . 
  even if the eu did n't exist countries would be doing it through development aid and investment . . sure , the eu expected to be gaining influence and good will as part of that investment ( and membership . . ) and still does , but that does n't mean a blank cheque and frankly , it should be clear that the eu is n't really all that good at the whole ` good will ' thing anyway ... you can argue that this is another failure of the eu , but personally i 'd be even less happy with the eu if it was able to exert the kind of power you seem to think it has bought . 
  so maybe it 's a good thing that it ca n't and that it quite obviously ca n't ... 
  think you 'll find that 's paid for access to workers and markets , as well as development of the same , not to mention the added clout that the eu apparently gets from it 's members and all that other good stuff i hear people on here talking about when it comes to the eu . 
  if you wanted to buy poland i am willing to bet the price would have been rather a lot higher , in many ways . 
   topical i think he was going for the regular definition , but i like this one better . . 
  there seem to be a lot of people in this thread labouring under the misapprehension that ` the eu ' bought poland , and not that poland is a member of the eu as much as any other eu member is . . 
   my main point was to apply how we use data at our office to detect fradulent transactions in a different manner . 
  there are lots of interesting elements when it comes to detecting fraud , or even just unusual activity in voting , their value falls somewhat when it comes to e-voting though , largely because the threat is vague . 
  if someone has the ability to insert or modify records it is n't that unreasonable to assume that they are able to present that data in a way that is n't easily detectable ( because the methods used to detect fraudulent transactions or unusual activity in voting/submissions etc. . . rely on statistical analysis that is fairly well known ) . 
  add to that the minor issue that the threat comes from the users of the system , the operators of the system and the owners of the system and you have a real issue . . you ca n't even really confirm that the data you are assessing for fraud is actual election data ...  i just do n't want to dismiss it out of hand as something impossible and i believe there are a lot of massive massive advantages that balance against the ever-present risk of mitigable fraud . 
  all the advantages of e-voting that i can think of tend to relate to issues that are outside of the key purpose of voting , so i 'm not sure that it actually provides any advantages . 
  essentially it comes down to the speed at which a result can be generated ( some suggest online voting should be a thing , that obviously adds issues with ballot secrecy too that simply outweigh any benefit in participation ... ) . 
  in short , i 'm not sure what fraud e-voting mitigates , or what advantages it really brings , but it does n't half come with some huge potential risks . 
   i think it could be done in time and would make direct democracy and other systems far more imaginable . 
  that 's actually where it is more interesting , if you look at systems that are geared toward developing consensus , policy and direction for policy , basically crowdsourcing , things get really interesting quickly . 
  i think there are issues of exclusion and participation if you look at the use of those systems ( where they are deployed . . ) but there is real promise there . 
   and it seriously is n't as we learnt in the uk from quite shocking frauds involving normal and postal ballots indeed , although mostly postal vote fraud ( and we should really go back to restricting postal votes ... ) , normal voting fraud generally is much , much harder to do with pen and paper under the uk system , even in a low turnout election and it 's also much , much more intensive which in itself makes it detectable ( you literally need lots of people to go and vote , or some way of intercepting the ballot boxes - which means corrupting the police , election officials , members of several parties and a load of independent observers ... 
  all voting systems are vulnerable , all of them have to be taken in the context of the system in which they operate too ( if the state is corrupt , it probably does n't matter too much one way or another ... ) . 
  but electronic voting kills the possibility of an individual understanding the voting process end to end , it makes it impossible for someone to follow ` their ' vote , and it means that for the vast majority , the bit between casting your vote and being told who won is basically a black box . 
  contrast that with pen and paper and it 's really obvious why sometimes technology is n't the answer . . and yes , bulk manipulation is easier with electronic voting , as is vote fuzzing that takes into account the way voter fraud is identifiable , it 's also harder to track and so on . . 
  so all in , all systems are vulnerable , but electronic systems also make it harder for the average person to be able to even understand why or how a problem occurred . . 
  more to the point , can a normal person do that , because if they ca n't they have to trust someone else not to be corrupt . . with things like paper voting , not only is it much harder to mess around with votes and also much more obvious , but anyone can understand and monitor it end to end ( from putting the ballot in a box , to it being counted at the end . . ) . 
   my point that most people do n't control how easy or hard it is to identify them . 
  true , although most people have some element of control there , whether it 's wearing a mask , writing under a pseudonym , or any variety of technical options from simple to complex . .  as such , people need to be aware that what they say on twitter or facebook is very much in the public sphere and might be traced back to them . 
  they do , but at the same time it is n't analogous . 
  you can be anonymous to most people ( and indeed the state , most of the time . . ) on twitter and facebook . 
  it 's not impossible to pierce , and how hard it is to pierce depends on capability and motivation , but it still provides a similar level of cover to say , wearing a mask , or distorting a voice in a phone call . 
  so in terms of a disconnect between what people say in public , in a newspaper or on twitter , there is one , but it is n't entirely invalid . 
  the level of anonymity i have on twitter is far higher than if i am on a street corner ( although again , without identifying myself , even on the street corner it 's not going to be too easy to id someone . . ) , and obviously far higher than if i write an article under my own name . 
  it 's important for people to realise that what they do on-line is almost never entirely private , that they should be careful , and much like treating any gun as loaded , they should consider the impact of any given communication being ascribed to them ( and potentially being available forever . . ) . 
  at the same time , lets not pretend the level of visibility is anything like uniform , or indeed that you ca n't be anonymous to certain degrees on-line if you want to be . 
   it 's demonstrably not anonymous though . 
  which is why i used the term pseudo-anonymity . .  you may be correct about expressing opinion , but what about calling on people to act a certain way ? 
  should a call to arms be attached to an identity ? 
  depends on what you mean by a ` call to arms ' , although in either case i think it 's a bit of a nonsense , if someone is inciting violence ( and breaking the law . . ) they are n't going to be terribly keen to follow any requirements on not being anonymous , and if you remove anonymity because someone could incite violence , then you are doing harm by limiting lawful speech that goes far beyond the impact of most incitement anyway . 
  i suppose the point is that people can say whatever they want , but they do have to realise that in public or on twitter , they may be identifiable by certain people ( the state ... ) but that does n't mean they have to make it particularly easy , nor is it hypocritical to not want to release a name with a particular view . 
  it was marked as removed a few minutes ago too , i 'm assuming someone on the mod team is having an issue tagging it with something ( not sure what , sure we 'll find out in a bit ... ) . 
   there 's a disconnect between what people think they can say on twitter and what they 're prepared to say in a newspaper ( or perhaps in the town square ) . 
  there is , because one of those comes with the cover of pseudo-anonymity , which is actually a pretty good thing much of the time , and it 's not limited to twitter , or indeed the internet . 
  the idea that to express an opinion you need to be fully and readily identifiable is pretty problematic , it means unpopular positions ( on any side . . ) are hampered by a chilling effect . 
  at the end of the day you can always ridicule a position and that is generally enough , you can leave it up to a person how much credibility they want to lend to a position by how visible they are in promoting it . . 
   if the uk left then they 'd be in no greater position than norway why ? 
  norway is less than a tenth of the size of the uk in terms of population , it 's economy is massively bigger in every sense , it is a much large market for eu states . . 
  it 's not noway . . that said , the uk would lose having a say about how the eu operates , but that is sort of the point . 
  the idea of leaving the eu involves the uk losing its say in how the eu operates , and the eu having as much influence in the uk generally . . 
  the uk does n't just trade with the eu , it trades with lots of countries that have very different regulatory approaches , it can manage with the eu . 
  what 's more , the eu as a whole manages to trade with other states well outside of the bounds of full eu integration too . . and the issue with eu membership goes well beyond trade . 
  absolutely , which is why it 's a poor term to use in isolation . 
  it 's a bit like ` change ' everyone likes the idea , everyone can picture what they 'd like , but what you 'll get will depend on who is in charge of deciding what to change and how . . 
   so , in case you have n't read the comments below mine above : apparently the cap has actually been reformed in 2013 . 
  so there 's that . 
  as with the discussion of reforming the eu , it always comes down to what ` reform ' means does n't it ... 
   personally i am relaxed about immigration into the uk and think that overall a high immigration rate is good for the uk . 
  utterly unrelated note - it 's quite interesting to see the reaction to this statement , there still seems to be some major confusion about people who do n't want to see the uk in the eu , but are n't almost entirely focused on immigration ... 
   really , you 're grasping at straws . 
  because obviously the biggest issue with the massive subsidy that is cap is that the royal family see income on their lands . . cap needs significant reform and massively trimming back , but that 'd be almost impossible to negotiate . . 
  i agree , in fact i 'd argue that most people agree . . 
  the problem is that cameron needs reform that he can actually achieve to say he 's managed to get some . 
  if you look at uk polling data , there is a large upswing of support for eu membership when it is part of a ` reformed ' eu . . 
  the problem with that of course is that even if he gets every single thing he wants ( and he wont ... ) it is n't going to be enough for uk eurosceptics and i think ( i hope . . ) it wo n't stand up to scrutiny for many of the people who are undecided . . 
  if he does n't get everything from even this paltry list , it becomes obvious that major reform is nigh on impossible . . 
  i suppose the point to remember is that cameron , and indeed a majority of the uk political establishment ( and , up until recently most voters . . ) are in favour of the uk being part of the eu . 
  its a decreasing margin , but it is one that cameron is trying to bolster - he is n't negotiating to piss off the eu , or break the eu , he wants to be able to look like he has achieved reform so that he can keep the uk in the eu . 
  but it comes down to a referendum , whether he gets everything or nothing will have no impact on that , public perception , the debate , the eus direction of travel , any crisis that happens to pop up etc. . will all have an impact . . 
   but are poland richer than they would have been if they were if they were n't in the schengen ? 
  is the uk poorer because it is n't ? 
  i doubt the borderless aspect is as important as free movement of goods , services , capital and people . . 
  that 's pretty much the opposite of unsustainably large large though . . the solution is n't cuts , its either a change in operational tempo and capability ( which seems like a bad idea at the moment ) or an increase in conventional forces and fixing what has gone wrong with the navy , as well as looking at what can be done for retention and increased reserve provision ... 
  they presumably would n't ... 
  i think the more important point would be that if the eu was going to shit in the way described above , there would be very little pressure for scotland to leave the uk because the uk had left the eu , essentially anything that makes the vote share of scottish voters that want to leave the eu higher is going to reduce the already fairly low chance of demand for a second referendum . 
  although at the end of the day , that 's up to the scots ... 
   our army is unsustainably large depends on what we want to do with it ... 
  it 's considerably smaller now than it has been for a very long time , but we are constantly asking it to maintain a fairly hectic operational tempo and seem to find additional tasking for it in a manner that causes overstretch ... realistically right now we are probably just about meeting our commitments , but even with the changes to the reserve , i think its a bit of a stretch to claim it 's unsustainably large . . 
  i use google 's newsstand and a clippings service ( by topic . . ) so it 's a bit hit and miss and somewhat random but in terms of what i have on my reader today from non-uk/us sources : al-jazeera , neue z\u00fcrcher zeitung , rt , euronews , reuters , plus the rss from faz.net and the westfalen-blatt . . 
  i dropped my french language papers a little while ago though , mostly because my french is n't really up to it any more , or rather it takes too long for me to read through a story , and i 'm not that interested in french domestic politics . 
  i also catch the tagesschau at least once a day , plus broadcast news and tend to have a mixture of wdr and bbc radio on constantly . 
  i also used to make sure i read the bild too to get a tabloid view but they 've blocked access with an adblocker and i do n't feel that attached . . 
  i have to say , the combination of internet radio with a tablet that can present news from a variety of sources across a range of topics means i probably wo n't continue my clippings subscription , and i 've already dropped both of the ` paper ' subscriptions i had . . and i think i get more coverage , although it 's of a far more variable coverage these days . . 
  although i am slightly tempted to learn polish , or at least get a foundation , politics in that part of the world looks somewhat interesting at the moment and i 'm willing to bet the reporting from the uk/germany and elsewhere is a poor substitute for the local reporting . . * edit : now that you have me looking , it 's a bit sad to realise that the yemen times seems to have stopped reporting ( or at least their rss feed bins out at the end of last year . . 
  shame . 
   the ability of governments to borrow against the future earnings of their people is completely immoral and a source of much misery . 
  why ? 
  it 's sensible when an individual does it , when a household does it , when a collection of people ( company/cooperative whatever . . ) does it , why not for a country ? 
  i 'd agree that governments should n't fund their day to day activities through deficits , but investing in infrastructure ? 
  why not , the idea is you spend money now and spend less later ( and gain a benefit . . ) . 
  in that context surely it is morally problematic for a government not to borrow and to push the cost of that inactivity on future generations . . 
   yet nobody seems to mind .
