   and i honestly doubt that a lot of eu capital flow will remain in london if the uk leaves , it will just move to frankfurt or paris i keep seeing this , and indeed it was suggested that if the uk did n't join the euro that it 'd see the same , but it has n't happened because london is an international financial centre , that 's a global thing not subject to or created by the eu . . 
   the uk is not going to show that level of commitment , but will have a referendum , even after having reached a deal that satisfies to its government . 
  i think this is the key point , the agreement does n't really help the ` remain ' side of the referendum , the eu and member states have to be aware of that at the moment . . 
  there is n't really any leverage to be had either way here , but it seems clear that pretty much no-one got what they wanted or needed so it 's going to be more of a wash than a humiliation . . 
   there is zero doubt that we 'd pursue a free trade agreement with the us as soon as possible after leaving . 
  it 's also pretty clear ( given the shape of the , admittedly rather unbalanced , uk economy ) that such a trade agreement would probably be quite different from ttip . 
  i realise the us is trying to push the same framework globally , and doing a pretty good job at achieving that aim , but at the same time the uk has n't been terrible in the past at seeking out sensible niches and making use of the leverage it does have . 
  plus , the uk wo n't have to consider the needs of countries like germany , poland and greece in whatever they come up with ... and to a certain extent a lighter agreement would also be possible , removing tariff barriers is a given , reducing non-tariff barriers is considerably easier given the uk/us approach to regulation . 
  new york , hong kong and singapore are n't part of that market so you can certainly make the argument that access to a market rather than being part of the same bloc is as good as anything else , especially if it means the city is n't constrained in its activities outside of the market ( where it does more business anyway !, 
  he sort of has a point in terms of trade balances , but ` stalking horses ' is pushing it beyond the bounds of sensible . 
  as you point out , germany , france , italy and spain all have considerable economic ties with the uk that they will want to protect , when compared to the relatively smaller economies of an independent scotland ( if that were to happen ) and southern ireland and it 's not quite in the same ballpark . 
  and you no doubt saw the reporting from germany on the ics approach from yesterday ( that the parent is alluding to ) so it 's likely we 'll see changes again . 
  the us still wants something isds like ( whether its the court system or something else ) so there is still a decent risk that there will be something of the sort in the final agreement ... * edit : as a side note , were n't you arguing for isds provisions a while back with me ? 
  has your view changed ( or am i going a little mad ... ) *, 
   if uk votes to leave after making us swallow such a favourable ( for them ) agreement is going to be humiliating . 
  it 's hardly an agreement that is entirely favourable to the uk ( and its far from meeting the expectation of those people in the uk that actually wanted to see reform . . ) , not to mention that if the uk leaves , the remaining eu states can always carry out whatever reform or changes they want without uk involvement ( so it 'd require active support of these , rather poor reforms , for them to remain ) . 
  as to it being humiliating , it should n't be seen that way , the eu must realise that the political situation in the uk is n't one it can do a lot about . 
  there are n't exactly lots of levers available , and if real reform is n't possible ( and in the time frame it really is n't ) then what more is there to do ? 
  i 'm not sure that isds/ics is dead to be honest . 
  i think there is still a decent risk that there will be something of the sort in the treaty , and then there are potential issues around food safety , ip , financial services regulation and a couple of other bits . 
  it really depends on what is in the current draft and what we have n't seen yet - that 'll come later though . 
  seriously ? 
  do you have any idea what the feeling on that is in the north ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you imagine the outcome of the eu referendum is , but if the uk leaves , there is n't even certainty that scotland would change its views about union , never mind that unionists in northern ireland would suddenly turn around to join the south , or that gibraltar will suddenly want independence . 
  what 's your next suggestion , that the falkland islanders will spontaneously declare themselves argentinian and that frankfurt will become the global finance capital !, 
   spain does n't like gibraltar , or in so far it being british . 
  yes , i get that , but it 'd still be british . 
  scotland being in the eu would n't change that and it would n't harm the ruk ( you could probably make the argument that it 'd be good for the ruk ) . 
   i was under the impression we were talking about a state of affairs where the uk had left . 
  i gues they would 've an argument to at least make sure the process takes long and is difficult if the uk would still be a member . 
  i was talking about the state of affairs after the uk had left . 
  i do n't see what gibraltar ( or really , spain ) would have to do with it . 
  presumably spain would be less bothered once the uk had left as scotland would no-longer offer an example for catalonia to emulate and spain would n't have anything to gain from preventing scottish ascension to the eu . . unless i 'm missing something . 
   i think spain would be quite pleased with scotland leaving and re-joining as a new member i 'm not sure how bothered it 'd be . 
  i think the issue for spain at the moment is scottish independence as an example to its own secessionist areas , and only really in the context of them joining the eu afterwards , that does n't apply once the uk is out . .  ( and even happier if gibraltar declared independence ) why would gibraltar declare independence ?!, 
  last time they had a referendum , a tiny fraction over 1 % of the population even thought joint sovereignty was palatable , they are hardly going to declare independence . . 
  i 'm not a scientist , but i do n't think that sounds right . 
  i also assume burning them is n't the right approach , we could paint them !, 
  ireland and the uk are a bit of a special case though , for a whole selection of reasons - they have considerably better bilateral cooperation even if you exclude the eu elements . 
  for example , there is legislation in play on both sides to allow either police force to treat and deal with a specific range of offences committed in the others jurisdiction as if it had occurred in their own , that 's covered by the criminal law act 1975 in northern ireland and the criminal law jurisdiction act 1976 in the south . 
  plus , shared borders ... 
  not sure what gibraltar would have to do with it ... 
  it 's not like admitting scotland into the eu ( after it claimed independence . . ) would be opposed by the uk ( bit late at that point ! ) . 
  that said , i can see spain being a lot more positive about scottish eu membership if the uk is n't a member than it might be at present . 
   if there is a controversial story to post on europe , or `` the eu '' , i can trust / u/marsman to do post it on / r/europe . 
  that 's a good thing right !, 
   those are clear symptoms of repressed federalism . 
  you need cure . 
  come with me , hold my hand and have no fear . 
  stop crying . 
  no one can hear you from here . 
  shhhh it 's all going to be fine rosbif . 
  actually on this one it 's my love for ip law reform and the impact of poor legislation ( at any level . . ) on civil liberties . 
  but if it makes you feel better i 'll put pop my beethoven record on and blast out a bit of symphony no . 
  cake , always the [ cake ] ( https://youtu.be/rmmhuzm22oe?t=285 ), 
  [ this ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/8678979.stm ) was the bbc piece on it in 2010 , the comments are quite interesting . . 
   we 'll have scotland back in 2-3 years ... 
  if the scots want that of course , and if the spanish et al allow it . . 
   and if it 's really as bad as study implies for trees - would n't it be even worse for solar panels , which tend to be either black , or very dark blue ? 
  i mentioned this elsewhere in the thread , but i 'd assume solar would reduce co \u2082 production elsewhere and have other benefits in addition to the impact it has on reflected light , so that one is n't as simple . 
  as to the painting rooftops white , that does seem to be a good idea , whether its better than green roofs , i do n't know , i 'd have assume not until reading this , now i 'm less sure !, 
  true , the more i think about it the more obviously complex it is - taking your point on solar , you have to consider the impact of the heat being stored , as well as the reduction of ( potentially fossil fuel burning ) other power generation , but that 'll vary within the solar panels life-cycle and indeed depend on maintenance etc. . 
  your point on green rooftops is even more interesting - what is the impact of increased water vapour ? 
  that said , to a certain extent the benefits of living in a greener space are worth something , and no doubt as we continue to transition toward greener energy sources any negatives caused by increased forestation ( and dark green canopies . . ) will balance out and tip the other way . . like i said , i was just surprised that the balance is where this paper suggests it is !, 
  always good to have ones preconceptions challenged i suppose . 
  i doubt it ... 
  oh , i agree entirely in both directions , we have processes for this in place already . 
  it may depend on what this actually results in , but a uk court issuing a warrant that applies abroad ( or the reverse ) is rather unpalatable . 
  the usa today article posted a couple of hours after this one includes :  any agreement also would be designed to provide equal benefits for u.s. law enforcement and national security authorities in u.s. investigations . 
  so this looks like being a bilateral agreement ( and so / u/moocha 's comment below is very relevant . . ) which is n't that unusual between the uk and us , although if it goes ahead it 'll be important for the uk to take into account the differences in approaches between the us and uk and how that might advantage the us or otherwise impact the uk ... 
  i suppose the point is that things may well change , but discussing the principles and merits of membership is important now . 
  the specifics might change a little ( but frankly probably not by the referendum . . ) but many of the underlying issues about membership and the desired uk relationship with the eu and other eu countries is something that can be discussed now . 
  you 'd have thought the bit about assange breaching bail would have been pretty relevant here ?!, 
  afer all , he 's not currently being detained , he 's on the run ( and neither sweden nor the uk can do anything about that . . ) and the only way to apply normal detention conditions on him would be for him to be detained . . 
  it really is , i have n't looked at the source material properly yet , but i was surprised that the balance would be so close that the colour of foliage would counteract the impact trees have on co \u2082 more generally . 
  intellectually it should have made some sense ( given the point that people always make about painting rooftops white for example ) but i had n't really twigged . 
  also makes you wonder about the whole ` green roof ' approaches , and whether light colours would have more of a benefit ( in terms of temperature , if nothing else . . ) . 
  not really , if we wait until the actual campaigning period we 'll have 30 days to discuss something pretty important and debate the merits one way or another . 
  that 's kind of why the discussion and debate started a little while ago and why people are polling on the question and have been for some time . 
  of course the point is supposed to be that we have that debate , not just point at poll numbers , but it 's also somewhat important for each side to realise just what the scale of support is and where it 's going . 
   any agreement also would be designed to provide equal benefits for u.s. law enforcement and national security authorities in u.s. investigations . . 
  so this looks like another bilateral agreement , hopefully not one that gives the us more reach given the differences in our legal processes . 
  i think when you are comparing it to other economies that went through a similar recession and cycle it 's not unreasonable to draw some positive conclusions . 
  inciting violence is inciting violence at the end of the day , the french have a functioning justice system and police force , making use of both should be straight forward in the scenario described !, 
  i thought that initially too - but the extension of the trend lines is n't the only point being made , and the point on those trends of course is that eu members saw a fall off where non-eu member 's did n't ... 
  i do n't think its valid across the board ( germany with the ddr and so on , opening up of eastern europe . . ) but there is a question related to the performance of eu members vs non-eu members . . 
  you can probably also make the argument that not everything has to be dealt with via the eu , although that 's difficult with some of the issues that we face , it is n't true for all of them . . 
  bilateral and multilateral agreements ( as in fact we see on some defence issues ) do work , but when we try and use the eu it can get a little . . complicated ( and we have discussions about the uk compromising over some aspect of an eu military in relation to some concession on the eurozone to get some other problem solved . . ) . 
  the really daft thing is that even if the eu did n't exist , a common approach here would make sense . 
  we work together with other countries on all sorts of issues so something like this really should be doable . 
  i do however think schengen complicates matters and obviously the eu taking a credibility hit one way or another is n't that useful , but why on earth is it that suddenly this hard to deal with a crisis like this ? 
  the number of undecided vote seems pretty steady so as with the rest of the uk that 's going to be pretty key . 
  i thought it was surprising to see this now though , if anything i thought the scottish vote for remain might solidify given there are no serious threats to scotland or free-movement in the renegotiation positions and given that the snp has been very vocal again recently . 
  it 's hardly a misleading headline , i posted it because its relevant and quite interesting , and because there has been a lot of discussion ( and little data if we are honest ) about how scottish views on the eu are evolving . 
  i 'm not ( and the article does n't ... ) claim anything other than scotland still has a majority that supports eu membership , indeed that 's true for most of the uk and the government , and all the main political parties . 
  still interesting and adds to the discussion though . 
  personally i 'd argue that if people are in the uk legally ( as eu nationals are ) and working then they should get the same support and access to the same benefits ( whether tax-credits , healthcare , education or whatever else ) as anyone else , but it is good to see this aspect of the renegotiation being scrutinised by the likes of the guardian , who might have been tempted at least to play along with the ` significant reform ' claims . . 
   that does n't make it true ... 
  it also does n't make it false and it is at least partially subjective . 
   yes we do .
