  flying through germany , the uk and the us i 'd say that on this side of the atlantic things do seem quicker and much more sanely , but there are still usually hundreds of people in fairly close proximity on the ` outside ' of the secure areas . 
   the obvious problem is that those `` security '' checkpoints are not making anything more secure . 
  quite the opposite , as demonstrated . 
  there are issues with security theatre over proper security measures in some contexts , but that does n't mean every security measure is security theatre , or that it makes people less secure . 
  searching bags and people before they board a flight is a sensible security precaution and greater screening has resulted in considerably fewer hijackings and bombings on aircraft . 
  the security measures are designed to protect an area though , they are n't intended to ( nor will they . . ) prevent any kind of attack . 
  you will note that the same sorts of measures are used to protect other facilities like military bases , power plants and other sensitive sites , and they broadly work . 
  removing these kinds of checks are n't going to make people less safe , but it will mean that the sites and things ( say , aircraft ) become more vulnerable . 
  i suppose the issue is that people who are willing to attack civilians will always look for soft targets where there are lots of people . 
  that has been true for every terrorist group i can think of ( although some would at least issue warnings and allow time for evacuation , largely because they wanted the impact without the civilian casualties ) . 
  airports and transport hubs are currently targeted because of their vulnerabilities as well as the probability of mass casualties and disruption , but as you say , there are many other targets that provide those elements . 
  the most concerning thing , especially in the aftermath of this attack and paris is that the groups involved are n't bothered by bad ` pr ' . 
  they do n't need and are n't interested in the support of segments of the population , or indeed of holding the moral high ground . 
  that does mean that the scope of potential targets is much larger , they are aiming for impact and fear . 
  the obvious problem is that you will always have a bottleneck at security checkpoints and given they will have a secure and insecure side they vulnerable almost by default , . 
  there are n't many reasonable alternatives though . 
  you can keep moving security checkpoints outwards , and increase their number ( so spread more people across them . . ) , or you can implement different layers of security , but at the end of the day there will always be a point before a check for weapons and explosives where people congregate for checking . 
   instead of all the whining and complaining we got from overseas . 
  well currently that whining and complaining comes from within the uk , and i 'm sure there are other eu member states who can step up if and when the uk leaves . 
   i actually find there 's far more variety here than in germany and switzerland i have to disagree with that , although the growth of polish shops seems to have helped a bit lately . . 
  if i compare what is available at my local tesco , to what was available at my local allkauf/realmarkt in germany last time i lived over there , the tesco loses out significantly when it comes to bread and similar . 
  and that 's comparing something after 5 + years of improvements at tesco ( and it 's a large tesco , not a metro . . ) . 
   a lot of the anti-eu nationalism we were talking about nationalism , not anti-eu sentiment , which again , is n't the same thing . 
  not wanting to be part of the eu for example , does n't mean someone is an ardent nationalist , just that they are n't pro-eu . 
  yes there is overlap , but there are lots of different motives . 
   relates to the eu 's perceived unwillingness to stand up to corporate interests and preserve the welfare state instead of catering to the nsa and to the sort of stateless corporations who want to export as much of that us model to europe as they can without getting hanged . 
  given that various eu governments take very different approaches to welfare , taxation , spying and so on , i think it 's a bit of a mistake to try and lump it all together . 
  there was a lot more anti-us and anti-uk sentiment off the back of the spying than nationalism as such , the same goes on the corporate side . 
  i doubt you will find many of the people opposed to corporate subsidies , welfare reductions and so on who also happen to be nationalists ( indeed if you look at the uk and the current referendum , the eu is somewhat - and i think incorrectly ... - seen as pro-worker , pro-citizen and a protector from big business . 
  that has only really been changing recently with ttip . . ) . 
   a lot of the anti-muslim nationalism blames the us too for iraq , libya , afghanistan , saudi/wahhabi , etc. 
  even hitler was fiercely anti-american . 
  a lot of the anti-muslim feeling is nationalism mixed with xenophobia and racism though . 
  some of it is simply anti-immigration or anti-illegal immigration too ( and neither linked to racism or nationalism , but more about the impact of both on things like public services , health and welfare ) . 
  i think people are trying to use a nice , simple term ( nationalism in this case ) to describe far too many things that are n't related to nationalism . 
  and again , i pretty much disagree . 
  all of the above drives anti-americanism , something which we have seen rise , and then abate in terms of visibility significantly over the last decade or so . 
  i 'd argue that the peak was during the iraq war , and it was at its low point at around the election of president obama . 
  although there tends to be animosity most of the time to some degree toward countries that are seen as dominating or indeed just arrogant . 
  that does n't generally come with a rise in nationalism , i do n't need to be a nationalist to be upset that my country is doing the bidding of another , or is unable to protect me or my business from a foreign state ( for that i can be pissed at that foreign state as well as my own . . ) . 
  i would argue that nationalism in europe has been driven by a number of factors , with anti-american sentiment making a very small part of it . 
  the significant influences have been around perceived threats to national identity and prestige , as well as the ability of nations to act in their own interests in the eu context . 
  nationalism is also a classic rallying cry to unite people around a particular agenda or party when it comes to politics ( see us politics all the time ... ) , it 's an easy thing to pick up and wear , especially when your opposition appears to be compromising with others , or allowing your country to be weakened . 
  but again , i think in an european context that has almost nothing to do with the us . 
   and you wonder why nationalism is out of control in europe lately . 
  nationalism is n't ` out of control in europe ' , so i would n't worry about it too much . 
  the issue with the us is it 's willingness to attempt to apply its rules to everyone , but that 's not a uniquely us thing and , in all honesty , when it comes to embargoes stupid , but understandable . 
  the fact that the us has steadfastly refused to back down on cuba should probably be more embarrassing ... 
  iirc they 've gone after companies ( like travel agents ... ) based in the eu and elsewhere , but using . com domains in the past too , the only link to the us being the domain . 
  they really did n't want anyone doing business with cuba if they could prevent it . 
  i note this is marked as ` removed-off topic ' but appears neither to have been removed nor to be off topic ... 
   corporate income tax is almost entirely incident on labor and consumers in the form of lower wages and higher prices . 
  every tax , duty and regulatory cost has the same impact . 
  corporate taxes tend to be on profit though , which means that whilst it remains a factor in wage and pricing decisions , it has a negative impact ( you can raise wages , research expenditure , invest etc. . and reduce your corporate tax burden ... ) . 
   the optimal proportion is at ( or close to ) 0 , though you may be forced to keep it higher because of revenue issues . 
  where do you recoup the lost tax receipts at that point ? 
  you ca n't really argue that a zero effective rate of corporation tax will stimulate other tax revenues , especially if your issue is taxes on labour . . 
   living cost are far lower even a 45 minute journey from the city centre . 
  i doubt this is true in london . 
  if you count rental/property costs it 's almost certainly vastly cheaper 45 minutes outside of the centre for london too . 
  although london manages to skew and push up prices anywhere that is deemed within a commutable distance ( and that 's well beyond 45 minutes ) . 
  the difference is that london is a very expensive pocket in an already fairly expensive region in what most would regard as a quite expensive country . . 
  corporation taxes are generally on profit , not on labour directly . 
  if you are n't taxing income , and you are n't taxing profit , you basically tax sales and capital gains left as revenue sources . 
  if you look a the uk as an example , corporation tax raises about 10 % of what taxes on income ( income tax + nic 's ) and vat combined . 
  what is the correct proportion ? 
  i take it the poll they are referring to is the ep vote in 2014 ? 
  given how poor turnout was , it 's hardly a good barometer of party popularity ... 
  i use 0mg nicotine in my e-cig these days ... 
  i wonder if that means i 'd be good regardless . . 
  indeed , although it might have changed , it 's currently : #britain , do n't leave the e.u. , only you can save it . 
  and it basically comes down to this : * all this amounts to a devastating legacy of shattered illusions , which is one reason radical right-wing parties have grown strong . 
  and it 's the perfect opportunity -- and a rare second chance -- for britain to re-form the union into the institution that europe deserves . 
  * i 'm not sure about anyone else , but i do n't see us joining any other blocs that do n't work well for us , do n't quite function properly , cause problems in line with the benefits they create whilst genuinely seeming hard to reform in a manner that suits the uk on the basis that we might , under some circumstances , maybe , at the appropriate juncture , in due course , in the fullness of time , be able to fix some of the issues we see ... 
  i mean , of all the arguments about remaining in the eu , the notion that we might be able to make it better , seems incredibly weak in context . 
   learning that made me really appreciate how powerful visa/mc/amex are goes well beyond just credit card processing too . 
  if you have to bounce a few payments around before providing a good or a service the small percentages per transaction start to seriously add up . 
  not paying attention to the payment options you provide to a customer , especially for larger figure payments can eat quite seriously into a profit margin if you are n't very careful . 
  it 's also not visible to the vast majority of people ( who do n't generally pay fees to transfer money , use a card or make an international payment \u00b9 ) . 
  \u00b9 - ymmv depending on country . 
  guernsey too ( for obvious reasons . . ) is pretty similar too ... we should all swap and see if anyone notices . 
  sod them , i 'm going to get this done ... well , i 've poked someone with more talent to anyway . 
  [ my friend ... ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ), 
  it really does ... now i have an idea ... 
   it 's never happening . 
  that would be the end of the eu too . 
  its not likely at the moment , but i would n't say it 's impossible , and whilst it might mean the end of the eu in its current form , that might not be the biggest concern the average french supporter of leaving might have . 
  see , that could actually end the murdering of the language , at least as it relates to referendums to leave the eu . . 
  it 's like a disease , now that is in the wild , it 's going to take a lot to kill it . . 
  i ca n't deny that i looked at the road and wondered why ours are so shit around here ... 
  i think a single identity might be a better argument , people tend to identify as american , within the eu far fewer people identify as european . 
  knowing something is likely and being in a position to stop it are sadly not always the same thing . 
  having intelligence to suggest that there is an attack likely in a specific area , even knowing what groups are available is a very , very good start , but unless you know the target and time-frame , or the personnel involved as well , you do n't have a whole heap of options beyond stepping up your security measures ( or closing the area . . ) and trying to get more information . 
  i assume the us and turkey work quite closely together ( we do n't know if this advisory is off the back of us or turkish intelligence for example . . ) and given this was released , it should be pretty clear that the local authorities were at least aware of the possibility . 
  sadly it seems they were n't able to actually prevent the attack . . 
   not everybody is indifferent to external pressure , and people who lean towards remaining in the eu will be more open to listening what foreign leaders have to say . 
  i 'm pretty interested what his visit will do to the opinion of left wing , and labour voters on the issue . 
  your point on demographic targets is well made , but given the continued suspicion of the us and us motives , i do wonder whether it 'll hinder or help ... all in all though , i think it 's a great idea and look forward to it . 
   it would be sad to see european countries return back to isolationist-nationalism i find the notion that anything but some sort of european unionism is isolationist to be a really odd notion . 
  i mean , being outside of the eu , does n't mean closing yourself off from it .
