  milan nitzschke , president of eu prosun , said in a statement that dumping by chinese solar manufacturing had eliminated competition , destroyed jobs and hurt innovation . 
  `` as long as chinese manufacturers fail to comply with basic international trade and competition rules , the eu must maintain the measures in full force and effect , '' he said . 
  the u.s. put similar trade protections in place for american solar manufacturers in 2012 . 
   the eu 's connection to the people is the member states . 
  it can not operate below them . 
  and what the member states have chosen to do is to blame the eu for everything they damn well please . 
  the members states are the eu . . 
  but you are right to a certain extent individual states use the eu as an excuse and scapegoat and collectively the eu sort of does the same whenever it does n't like the actions of one or more member states . 
  the point is that realistically the eu needs actual popular support if it does n't get it it does n't really matter . 
   unless people get informed on their own , they will always be played by leaders trying to excuse their failing onto an organisation without any ability to defend itself , since it relies on those leaders for their legitimacy and funding . 
  to be fair , eu institutions have real failings , the structures and mechanisms that have been put in place do n't meet the needs of the eu and member states are n't helping . 
  and yes , people could find out what the issues are and push their own countries to step up and deal with them , but until they do the eu has an issue that is n't easily solved ... what you ca n't do is try to impose whatever you think is best on the people living in those member states , even if you happen to have majority support from other eu member governments , or even majority popular support across the remainder of the eu . 
  because obviously the blame will continue and people who are being pushed in a direction they do n't like can and will push back . 
   i think people in europe are going to eventually realize that they ca n't solve their problems or face the issues of the world to the satisfaction of their people as dozens of bickering little states . 
  they need to further integrate and take advantage of the economies of scale such a move would offer . 
  i 'm not sure that 's accurate at all . 
  working together where interests align and where there is a need makes sense , and on some issues that may require a global response , a multilateral one or something smaller . 
  there is no good reason for the eu to integrate if there is n't a demand from it ( and demand in each state expected to integrate more fully . . ) . 
  the obvious point to make there is that whilst it might make sense for eu countries to work together in certain areas , in others it makes more sense to work with non-eu partners . 
  that is considerably harder to do in the context of the eu . 
   the situation considers today in other fields like immigration , economic prosperity , etc. 
  the goals of europe 's states are beyond the ability of each state to achieve to the degree it wants , and its people want , if they decided to go alone . 
  not at all , immigration is manageable on whatever level you have control of your borders . 
  for the us that 's the federal level , for europe that 's schengen , for the uk or japan that 's national . 
  when it comes to the economy it 's all essentially not a matter of individual nations anyway , you have local issues ( that should be dealt with locally . . ) all the way up to huge mulitnational issues that require international cooperation . 
  the eu is as much an artificial and arbitrary construct as any nation state is , the argument that we should push for integration only makes sense on the same basis , if there is consent and a willingness from the people in those nation states . 
   you 're kind of overlooking a major issue in your analysis ; i literally included that . .  that 's all pretty academic , if russia looked like it might be considering that kind of approach , nato would reposition itself , it has the capacity to do that , it would n't be terribly quick , but then nor would a russian build up be . 
  russia has a few advantages if it did happen to be able to do something unexpected , mostly the massive amount of stored ( albeit second rate . . ) kit it has , the large numbers of reservists it has available and the fact that it literally borders the proposed conflict area . 
  this is n't 1985 for either side , but the nato build down in europe has probably had more of a negative impact on natos ability to wage a large conventional ground war in europe against russia , but that 's ok , because it 's very unlikely and if it looked like being more likely nato can reposition itself as quickly as russia does . 
  it 'd still be messy as fuck though , and we 'd learn quite a few things about submarines vs aircraft carriers , modern iads vs 5th gen fighters , what modern ground combat between forces with similar levels of technology ( in different areas , to a more or lesser degree . . ) actually results in . . 
  personally i 'd rather not see it . 
  russia only needs to deny air superiority to anyone else , if it can do that it has a very large amount of hardware available and that is in itself quite useful when your opposition has shrunk considerably in the last 20 years and is n't really geared up to that kind of warfare any-more . 
  i think you are right about the eventual outcome , and i think we 'd have enough warning to come out of it with a victory , but at the same time nothing would be guaranteed and there 'd be some massive pitfalls even if any such war remained conventional and local . . 
  in terms of going up against a russian ground offensive ? 
  pretty much every nato member has shifted away from having large conventional forces . 
  the british army of the rhine and royal air force germany no longer exist , there is basically one british armoured brigade left in germany , the same broadly goes for the us . 
  literally every nato member has considerably fewer deployable troops available , and less kit to mate them up with ( the us on the other hand has a vast amount of hardware in the us that it does n't think it needs , but does n't have the formations geared up around it . . ) . 
  in terms of reductions and capability loss , things are n't so bad in the air but the situation there was always marginal anyway , largely because the russians approach to iads and just having lots of hardware actually works pretty well . . 
  things like drones would be useless in that kind of war , even if it remained entirely conventional and localised , we 'd see massive casualties and not a lot of scope to replace losses in the short term . 
  all in all , whilst the article is click bait , its true that nato would have a hell of a time dealing with a massive russian attack on it 's members in the east ... 
  however : that 's all pretty academic , if russia looked like it might be considering that kind of approach , nato would reposition itself , it has the capacity to do that , it would n't be terribly quick , but then nor would a russian build up be . 
  the threat currently is n't very credible so its probably not that surprising that nato is n't in a position to meet it . 
  you can put road tracks on too , might still not be road legal though , ymmv . 
   in any case , it 's not a short term reality that 's true with anything , although the eu really needs to do a better job of getting people on board with the project before expanding it further , otherwise there are going to be bigger issues . 
  i 'd be very surprised if the uk conceded on an eu army ( in any real sense ) as part of the renegotiations , largely because it 'd cause more issues for the referendum that getting all his negotiating bits accepted . . 
  the border guard bit on the other hand is a bit irrelevant to the uk given it has one already and is n't part of schengen ( and you can pretty much guarantee that it would n't be able to deploy to the uk without consent . . ) . 
   it would be a very big mistake to put the population in charge of a project like the eu . 
  the alternative appears to be not giving the population a choice in how they are governed ... that seems more of a problem . 
  you do n't have to put the population directly in control ( direct democracy/referendums etc. . ) but it is important to ensure that the population is broadly on board with an idea , especially when it comes to the direction of the project . 
  if you do n't , it will end up getting broken . 
   the epp ( largest party in eu parliament ) wants an eu army that 's incredibly unlikely as long as the uk remains a member though , cooperation sure , but an eu army ? 
  not a chance . 
   it is not a simple task like people keep making it out to be i think the point may be that there are quite a few people in the eu ( more in some countries than others ) who simply do n't really want the eu to be like russia , china or the us . 
  they are n't after a country , whether it 's federal or not . 
  there is no automatic path toward that as a goal either , and very few people are on board with the idea . 
  armed , military , militarized and paramilitary might make sense ( presumably that 'd be somewhat problematic legally anyway ) , although i think scouts are technically paramilitary so i guess it probably depends to a certain extent ... but there are plenty of countries in the eu where you can have a racist or even fascist party . 
  it seems oddly disconcerting to ban political movements based on ideology alone , for what are hopefully obvious reasons . 
   there 's a ban on extremist parties like everywhere else in europe . 
  how are you defining extremist ? 
  i know germany , italy and possibly france have rules on extremists political parties , but generally countries do n't ban political parties unless they actually do ( as opposed to simply advocate . . ) illegal activity . 
  you can sort of understand that with germany and italy but its not exactly ideal either . . 
   you want to change the meaning of the word reform to better suit the way you are misusing it . 
  the meaning of the word is fine with me . 
   something you do n't like / = / a fault that needs ` reforming ' . 
  something you disagree with ideologically / = / a wrong that needs ` reforming ' . 
   change / = / automatically mean reform , and something that benefits one party over another does not automatically / = / reform . 
  the eu needs to reform to better serve its members , that reform may take all sorts of different shapes , some of that reform may not achieve it 's aims , you may not like some of those reforms , but they are still reforms . 
  i mean , basically your argument here appears to be that if in your opinion a change is n't positive ( even if say in my opinion , or in the opinion of a government it is ... ) then it is n't reform . 
  surely you realise just how asinine that is in context ? 
   is this the ... fourth post now , where your quite obvious bias on the issue of uk&eu is making you so intellectually bankrupt that you are still arguing against the dictionary definition of a word ? 
  i 'm perfectly happy with the definition , your problem with my use of reform comes down you your views on the impact of the reform . 
  essentially you are saying if the changes do n't happen to meet your ideological bent then it ca n't possibly make the eu better it ca n't possibly be reform . 
  that 's wrong . 
   the uk wants to make changes to europe that benefit it . 
  it does not want to reform europe , and any reforms that may occur will only be accidental , as the uk is pursuing change for its own benefit , not for the benefit of the greater eu . 
  the uk wants to make changes to the eu , it wants to negotiate those changes and bring other countries on board . 
  the idea being that everyone agrees and goes forward with the changes , with a few compromises and no doubt concessions here and there . 
  that 's how we get reform . 
  the fact that you do n't like something does n't mean that everyone has to take the same view , or change the language they use to suit your agenda . 
   no , the uk wants changes to better suit the uk 's ideology and needs . 
  that is n't reform . 
  you 've read the definition and you still ca n't grasp that . 
  that is reform , it 's reform you apparently do n't want to see , do n't agree with and do n't think is best for the eu , but then others would disagree with you . 
  it 's reform , whether you like it or not ...  i hardly need to think i 'm clever when i have you around , do i ? 
  to be honest , i 'm not entirely sure that you are thinking at all . 
   reforms require change . 
  that does n't mean that change is therefore reform . 
  no . . but the uk wants changes to reform the eu . 
  that 'd be reform . 
   that 's pretty simple yet you ca n't grasp it . 
  i can grasp it , but i get the impression you are n't as clever as you think you are . 
  that 'd be an additional question , but my biggest concern would still be around how i 'd own one without new cars getting a lot cheaper or there being some guarantees regarding the batteries on used electric cars . 
   the problem here is that popular opinion elsewhere in the eu dismisses this out of hand . 
  in their eyes , they have been wooing the uk with various exemptions and special clauses . 
  they cut deals and compromise just to keep the uk happy . 
  they are tired of it , and want the uk to decide whether to integrate more or get out . 
  indeed , what seems to get overlooked constantly is that to get the opt outs the uk has , it had to compromise too . 
  the eu did n't hand them over for the sheer hell of it , the uk had to make concessions . 
   this is of course a simplistic view at best , though not entirely wrong , and both sides of right and left have good points - but in this era of clickbait and dogma , there is no such thing as a grey area . 
  both sides trade accusations of belligerence and naivety .
