  always helps if you happen to have some musicians if you are singing those . . 
   typically they act as a backup option for when your own courts fuck you over and deny you fundamental human rights . 
  sort of , they might offer another way to protect or uphold the rights you have if national courts do n't do it effectively . 
  they ca n't really protect you from your own governments though , because broadly speaking the courts ca n't do much to enforce their positions . 
  for example the uk has ignored the judgement that came out of hirst v united kingdom ( not that it did n't try to comply ... sort of ) and it looks like they will continue not to comply . 
  uk courts ca n't do anything about it , the government ca n't do anything about it because the parliament ( where the uks sovereignty lies , rather than say a constitution ) has decided it wo n't amend the law . 
  if we pretend for a moment that russia has a functioning and reasonable system of laws , and respects its constitution , it should be fairly clear that the constitutional court should be able to strike down judgements that are ruled unconstitutional ...  now the question is , why would n't you want to have a backup in case things go horribly wrong ? 
  most people probably would , but at the same time you can sort of understand why a government , politicians and indeed a part of a population might want to be clear that their courts are the guarantors of their rights , rather than an international court . 
  it 's quite interesting how that works differently in countries with parliamentary sovereignty vs those with a constitution like germany . 
  but it should be obvious to pretty much anyone that a country can override pretty much any agreement that it is part of ( and indeed repeal national law and under whatever circumstances are required , amend constitutions ) . 
  the point with international law is that there are various enforcement mechanisms , just that some of them are somewhat drastic and few of them tend to just have an impact on the country violating ` international law ' . 
  i have to say that it seemed a bit odd to bring in mikheil saakashvili as a governor to deal with corruption , maybe there is another angle on this that i do n't get , but there must have been better options , especially when looking outside of ukraine . . 
   ll well and good , but the other eu-leaders ca n't give in too much to cameron 's a la carte wishes especially if granting cameron 's wishes would place their economies at a comparative disadvantage . 
  the concern of course is that the current set up of the eu puts non eurozone countries at a disadvantage ( and issues like dealing with poor regulation are hardly \u00e0 la carte , that 'd apply across the board ) . 
  about the only opt-out style position being presented is around the notion of ever closer union , and even then you could argue that there is little difference between that and some of the other ` two-speed ' proposals that have been bounced around . 
  personally i 'd say that cameron has n't really pushed on the issues that are of real consequence in terms of the uk/eu relationship , and that this set of demands was pretty weak ... to not even get any traction on that set ( and to see people react like he demanded everyone 's first born ) is doing some pretty serious damage to the belief that the eu can actually carry out any meaningful reform . . 
  that would make sense , although comparing the changeability and our control over the treaties that make up the eu with the laws of physics probably sends the wrong message on the possibility of reform within the eu . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what happens if the uk government ca n't even get this list of fairly inconsequential reforms agreed to ( never mind cameron 's slightly absurd demand for legally binding and irreversible reforms ... ) . 
  although i think we are seeing that a bit already with the polling . 
  i wonder what that 'll do to the referendum date . 
  can anyone elaborate on why romania decided they needed to regulate on the number of dogs that can guard a flock of sheep ? 
  because that seems like something you 'd leave to the shepherds ... 
   i would support this , whether it works or not surely having something in place that does n't work is worse than not having anything at all ... and i 'm not entirely sure how cracking down on tax avoidance and evasion ( or even corruption . . ) would solve things like the housing crisis in the uk , it 's not as though housing would n't continue to attract foreign investors , it 'd likely just mean a bit more tax revenue in the process ( although not , if whatever scheme that is put in place does n't actually deal with avoidance . . ) . 
  i suppose the biggest question , would be about the value of the mechanisms that are used for tax avoidance when used properly , vs the cost of abuse . 
  if , say germany , is channelling billions of euros worth of investment in energy , or infrastructure through tax give-aways , it seems unlikely that they 'd want to reign that in unless the abuse of the same was costing them significantly less than the benefit . 
  after all , many of the ways companies avoid tax are intentional and in place because governments want to promote a particular behaviour . . 
  some of that seems great , other bits seem like the kind of things that sound good but end up being barriers . 
  companies that trade internationally are no longer just very large corporates , adding a universal administrative burden for smaller firms could be pretty devastating if it has expensive requirements ( like say , external audits . . ) and no lower limits on applicability . 
  the same goes for kite mark type schemes : the fair tax mark for example sounds great , having governments use it to determine suppliers even more so ( it means all the suppliers are paying tax properly , hurray ! ), 
  but its also entirely possible that it would be out of reach for small firms , or simply add an additional cost or regulatory hurdle and mean that they do n't bid for government contract ( and at a time where doing that is easier than it has ever been at all levels , at least in the uk ! ) . 
  when it comes to regulation it often seems there is a tendency to kill innovation and harm smaller companies , mostly unintentionally ( we can probably talk about lobbying and using regulation to create barriers by larger firms too ) and it really needs to be avoided and rolled back where it is already happening . 
  sadly it seems even more excessive in areas where politicians feel they can use a regulation to show how ` tough ' they are being or where they can draw a direct parallel to the consumer . . 
  so , tackling corporate tax evasion is important , minimising avoidance is something that would absolutely benefit from eu and international cooperation , but lets hope that its not another attack gesture politics that hits the wrong people and does n't really do what its supposed to . 
   they are in the union only for the benefits i was under the impression that all eu members were in the eu for the benefits it brought them ...  and to thwart the plans . 
  i assume by this you mean ` and do n't agree with everyone on everything ...  i see no reason to cooperate with the 51st state . 
  it 's quite a large country , with a large economy , lots of inter and extra-eu trade , a capable military , good international relations ... 
  surely those are all pretty good reasons to cooperate , negotiate and comprise . 
   protection of the single market making sure that the eu is structured in a way that works for both eurozone and non-eurozone countries , that seems like positive change . 
  promoting competitiveness by reducing regulation is supported by other members and is a pretty decent approach . 
  exempting britain from ever closer union frees up other eu members who are more keen to integrate to do so . 
  it frees up both the uk and other member states . 
  that all sounds like change that would lead to a better eu to me . . 
  so that 's reform then is n't it ? 
  i 'd like to see a lot more reform but hey . 
  the uk wants to reform the eu to improve it , i do n't think the various proposals out there at the moment go far enough , but it 's not just change , it is change for the better , it will result in a better eu . 
  it 's reform ... 
   absolutely correct ... and when the sodium lights were introduced , people hated them because the monochromatic yellow light makes things look strange and is objectively more difficult to see in . 
  i think it probably comes down to the clash of a few things - the needs of drivers vs the needs of pedestrians vs the needs of residents , and i 'm betting that they are somewhat at odds . 
  compromise is key , plus , this is all pretty new so i 'm sure there will be refinements as we go down the line . 
  is n't the issue that the sodium lights are rated for 5 years , but by the end of that period are both less efficient and emits less light , whilst the leds are rated for 10 years and remain 100 % efficient ? 
  i was under the impression that the driver for the switch was both maintenance and energy consumption . 
  the energy efficiency and educed cost of maintenance is fantastic , and i 'd support the roll out on that basis , but i do wonder if they could be a bit less harsh . 
  even just driving through it 's quite obvious . 
  i think when people hear ` copter drones to guard a border ' having something that flies along a border for a decent period of time , can loiter , and has a range of sensors comes to mind , which would mean something less like a commercial or hobbyist drone and more like a military drone . 
  although the copter bit should give away the fact that it is n't going to be a fill on military drone , but presumably something to augment the ability of border troops . 
  that seems to be the case , and i wonder if there is an implementation issue that is n't being taken into account in some of the roll outs . 
  for exampl the spacing of the street lights seems to be the same as the old sodium lights , which means you have bright spots with dark shadow between them . 
  oh and it totally kills night vision if you are walking in the evening or at night ( walked through the grounds of a youth hostel that had them on their approach road ) when compared to warmer , redder lights , although that probably is n't a consideration in urban planning . 
  that would actually seem to make some sort of sense given where they are at the moment . . 
  ok , i take it back you are right that people absolutely have a right to go to the echr if they feel their convention rights have been violated , it 's not entirely relevant to the point at issue though , which comes down to the meeting of the echr and national constitutions . 
  the echr ca n't strike down or even put an injunction on legislation it deems incompatible with the convention , nor can it limit or hinder parliaments passing legislation , that 's a pretty big hole ( a hole the uk supreme court has too , but that the us supreme court does n't . . ) . 
  so , for example the uk has ignored the judgement that came out the echr in hirst v united kingdom ( not that it did n't try to comply ... sort of ) and wo n't comply . 
  uk courts ca n't do anything about it , the government ca n't do anything about it because the parliament ( where the uks sovereignty lies , rather than say a constitution ) has decided it wo n't amend the law . 
  if we pretend for a moment that russia has a functioning and reasonable system of laws , and respects its constitution , it should be fairly clear that the constitutional court should be able to strike down judgements that are unconstitutional ... 
  in theory , sort of maybe . 
  the eu is a closer association anyway , but even there the german federal constitutional court would tell you differently . 
  essentially the position is that german basic law would prevail over the echr in a case of conflict , in practice that is almost never going to be an issue . 
  the usual argument there is that the national courts and echr are essentially parallel rather than in some sort of hierarchical set up . 
  constitutions take precedence essentially everywhere , especially when it comes to the much loser concept of international law ( where there are enough conflicts , disagreements and utter rejections of verdicts ) . 
  in the uk they were n't terribly popular , but were sold as an alternative to firearm use . 
  essentially , they could be used where previously a suspect would be shot dead . 
  that has been changing for a while , and whilst taser use is still pretty low and not all forces carry tasers by default , it 's quite clear that they are being used in instances where the person being tased absolutely would n't have been shot ... of course now the argument is that a taser is better than being smacked in the head with a baton ( which is true ) but then the police are taught not to smack people in the head with a baton either , and last i checked , tasers are n't exactly healthy . . 
  [ slightly more detail on this from france24 ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20151210-red-cross-meet-fails-agree-global-plan-track-rules-war ) . 
  i 'd actually like to read more about this and the opposition , but it all seems to be cribbed from the same afp piece . . 
  i 'd assume he 's serious , given the same is true of pretty much every other country that has a formal constitution . 
  see the german constitutional court and eu legislation and the same obviously applies to the us as well . 
  if your county 's highest law is its constitution then you ca n't really have it overridden by anything else ... 
   however eu citizens contribute more to the uk budget than what they claim in social spending . 
  it seems to me that the uk constantly is scapegoating eu citizens and purposefully mixing them up with non-eu immigrants ( who unfortunately draws significantly on social spending ) . 
  i do n't think that the argument in the uk is entirely about contribution to the economy , but rather about control of borders and migration more generally . 
  you will often see people questioning why there is such a significant difference in the barriers to migration for a german , or italian migrant when compared to a canadian or australian migrant . 
  essentially it is n't just about economic contribution but mostly about control . 
  one of the reasons its strange hearing cameron put such an emphasis on the whole migrants getting benefits thing , it seems to me that those people that want to see the uk with more control over migration seem to be more concerned about housing , public services , infrastructure etc. . than they are about economic contribution . 
  that is n't to say there are n't people who think that all migrants are somehow over here to raid the benefit state and the nhs . . ( whilst apparently working hard , taking all the houses and not integrating properly ) . 
  i worked in broomhill for a bit earlier this year and they are putting in led lights in residential areas too . 
  looked a bit sporadic ( maybe replacing broken lights with led rather than outright overhauling everything ? ), 
  but they are incredibly bright and cast a very different light to the older sodium ones . 
  it 's quite harsh really and the shadows seem deeper somehow ... 
  there are other ways to deal with issues like that though . . ways that do n't commit nato members to defend moldova . 
  if there were a majority of people in a majority of countries that supported that then sure , but until then no way but they do n't so the eu will have to work with what it has , possibly less if states begin to consider whether all the elements they have delegated to the eu should have been . 
  the eu needs to have the powers to do what it 's members want it to do , no more , no less . 
  right now it seems it does n't have the powers on some areas and more than it should have in others ... 
  i was responding to * your * point about illegal weapons imports ... cameron does n't suggest that the presence of heavy firearms on the illegal market in belgium would lead to them ending up in the eu , but rather that they were linked to smuggling from the balkans ... 
  the uk does n't seem to have the same issues with weapons at its ports ( or if the uk does , then cameron is n't talking about it , which is odd as you 'd expect him to highlight it ) . 
  it is after all vastly easier to smuggle something from germany to france than it is to smuggle something from germany or france to the uk - not impossible by a long shot of course , but there are actual barriers in place . 
  there probably should be , but you still need those states to agree , and continue to agree on the approach , which it seems they have n't in some cases . 
  it 's not like the eu could actually force a member state to accept the deployment of these elements , whether the majority of the commission agreed or not . 
  [ cached copy of the article ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:q4luvxt7vm0j:www.ft.com/cms/s/0/374ba58a-a020-11e5-beba-5e33e2b79e46.html+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=uk ) for those who end up hitting the paywall . 
  read the whole thing , but the interesting points are around :  the eu now has the legislation to deal with bank rescues -- the so-called bank recovery and resolution directive . 
  but the system is totally underfunded .
