   so that argument does n't really fit on every nation especially to the weaker ones . 
  yes it does fit , member states , regardless of how weak have control over their relationship with the eu under the current arrangements , unlike the constituents of unitary states . 
  i was looking at the averages by area , differences by pub will always throw that , but you are right of course , trendy pubs will empty your wallet quickly , although it 's still a shock when i 'm down south and ca n't cover a round for 3 people with a tenner . 
  because the eu would prefer the uk in than out and it at least flags a willingness to address reform ( which would probably be useful for far more members than the uk . . ) . 
  hmm , so the uk : full time at minimum wage pays # 1,105.00 the cheapest beer i can find listed is # 1.70 for a pint in bridgend so that 's 650 pints . 
  for london it seems closer to # 3.70 ( or 290 pints ) . 
  that 's some regional variation . . 
   same way as you said `` it had something to gain '' about uk putting on sanctions on iran . 
  the difference should be really obvious , but if it is n't i 'll leave it there . 
   i will tell you a likely scenario about uk leaving eu : ok . .  uk decides to leave , big companies look at the new costs that some with the uk decision ( basicly out of free trade/travel zone so there will be new cost for companies ) . 
   those big companies think that if they cant sell uk stuff without extra cost on eu market they need to move their factories inside of eu again . 
   after few years poland is really happy as those new factories are located there and economy is booming . 
  also companies are happy as workers are cheaper than in uk and quality is as good as before and they can put the `` made in eu '' - tag on their stuff so there is no extra costs when doing business inside of eu . 
  this is pretty absurd ( and pretty similar to the argument that lots of companies would move from the uk to the eu if it did n't join the euro . . ) . 
  firstly these companies are in the uk because it fits their businesses , it 's not just access to the eu ( if it were , they 'd be in a eurozone country on the mainland , not in the uk ) . 
  secondly salaries and the cost of living in the uk is already higher than in places like poland , but the uk still have a large economy , so that is n't going to suddenly spur massive moves from the uk to elsewhere . 
  thirdly , it costs a massive amount of money to move a large business , it is unlikely that the cost of moving would match any benefits , so i do n't see it as being likely . 
  lastly , the uk is 1/5th of the eu 's economy and it is a net importer from the eu and about 45 % of it 's export business is done with other eu states , it would make absolutely no sense for companies to relocate ( and pay a lot to do it . . ) when they have a huge market in the uk and bilateral trade is as big as it is ... 
  the eu is not suddenly going to close its doors to the uk and in any case , the uk is a member of the eea ( and so still part of the single market . . ) . 
   what will happen to uk ? 
  uk will lose some of its big companies and some of its gdp as people move to look new jobs on other nations . 
  but uk doesnt plummet into chaos just because of that and it will stay in the top 20 nations in world . 
  i doubt that it would even be that bad , the uncertainty in the run up to any referendum would likely do more harm and frankly that will be balanced out by the perception of stability either way afterwards . 
  the uk is n't as entwined with the eu as other states ( notably ez . . ) so the risk is far smaller . .  so what i am basicly trying to say that eu might want to speed that `` factory moving '' process by encouraging companies to leave uk and come inside eu . 
  you remember that your own nation is always most valuable to you especially when making decision so what if some other nation suffers a little if you own country can profit from it . 
  ( basic capitalism ) it could do that , but it would be stupid . 
  essentially it would start a small trade war the eu might go after manufacturing , but the uk would retaliate on services ... 
  i doubt that the eu would want to see london acting in a predatory manner on financial services or being locked out of those exchanges . 
  so , in short it 'd be counter-productive as hell . 
   ou , yes it does :d you might not know but eu-commission can fine nation and can decide new laws ( they only need to get it past eu-parliament ) for the whole eu-area . 
  remember the `` right-curvature of banana '' - law that they made/tried to make some time ago . 
  no it ca n't ... eu bodies broadly can only act within a limited set of competencies , they can impose fines via eu courts ( which can be ignored by member states ) , but they ca n't make laws unilaterally , directives are interpreted by national parliaments . 
  the uk ( or any eu state . . ) could and has ignored , misinterpreted or set aside rules set by the eu . . 
  i think people assume that the eu , as a super-national body , sits on top of nation states in terms of law ( like a federal entity would ) but that is n't the case . 
  the constitution is the highest law of the land in germany , parliament is sovereign in the uk and so on . 
  the eu can currently only act or legislate with the consent of its members . 
   what is the level that decides when something is federal ? 
  i think federal means that something has central-government and power to act stuff following that governments decision . 
  and if that is what federal is then eu is almost federal ( too much freedom for states inside the system ) it is n't federal because the eu is not a central government , does n't have many of the powers a central government would have ( especially as it relates to foreign policy ) , has no military and so on . 
  its a union based upon a treaty ...  nope , eu at this level is not worth a thing . 
  eu doesnt have willingness to protect its members or the ways to do it effectively . 
  and defence is the most important thing that finland is worried about . 
  also as it is such a loose `` alliance '' we cant really hope any understanding or responsibility from other nations . 
  just look at that netherlands ( ? ), 
  tax evasion scandal that hurt so many other nations while netherlands only befitted from . 
  there i 'd agree , the eu is n't worth a thing when it comes to the ability to protect its members , but that is n't what it is there for ( see national armed forces and other alliances like nato . . ) . 
   basicly eu at this state is not worth a flying fuck and if it wants to be worth more then it needs to become more like one-nation and not x-number of children screaming at each other to get what they want even if it is against previous decision ( bailouts etc. ), 
  well obviously , the eu is n't a state and should n't be trying to become one without consent of the members that it consists of and the people that live in the territory it covers . 
  and frankly i think most sensible politicians in the eu know that too and would prefer to see constructive work to build unity . 
  that is why it 's a bit absurd and counter productive to attack the uk in the way you suggest , hell , i 'd argue that it 's pretty counterproductive to keep prodding , there is a good chance that rather than ` scaring ' people in the uk to vote in a particular way , it will harden feeling against the eu further . 
  it sort of does and does n't the judge can ignore a plea and pleading guilty to certain offences is n't done in exchange for dropping charges that are more serious and can be proven - essentially you ca n't agree to a lesser charge to make it easier for the prosecution , you can only plead guilty whilst disputing the facts . 
  and yes , there will be some informal discussion between all parties , but it ends up in open court , with no guarantees . . 
  i 'd argue that 's different . 
   `` if you give us dirt on the bank so that we can fine them , you get a suspended sentence . '', 
  the uk does n't really do plea-bargains or immunity in exchange for evidence , so it 's not that useful . 
  if anything it might spur other conspirators to try and push as much blame on to this guy as anything else . . 
   eu will try fight against devolving power but like in uk they will eventually give in and devolve power just enough so populace is happy . 
  the eu does n't currently have power to devolve , it all rests with the member states ... 
  the problem for the eu is n't one of keeping the populace happy by delving power , it 's of not losing member states , or member states not joining or abandoning agreements . 
  the eu does n't have any power in and of itself , it is n't sovereign . 
   i did say that it was extreme example so i think that sanctions are unlikely but other teasing/hindering is likely just to make it clear that leaving eu is not something that other members like uk etc. 
  to do . 
  so what you are saying is that collectively eu members will do harm and damage to people in the uk to send a message to other eu members that dissent is not tolerable ? 
  sounds like a wonderful union . 
   uk companies had lots of business there before sanctions so uk did/does hurt itself by those sanctions and that destroys your argument that `` uk will not hurt their own interests '' for political reasons . 
  no . . it really does n't , the uk balanced its interests . 
  it had something to gain ( or felt it had ) from the sanctions , what would the eu gain from something similar to the uk ? 
  the uk will have left , that in and of itself wo n't change , and as a disincentive to other members harming yourself seems counter productive . .  yep , nukes are bad thing but why then didnt uk put sanctions on israel etc. 
  when they got they tried to get nukes . 
  i get racist undertone from those sanctions . 
  `` no nukes for towelheads '' - thinking . 
  i do n't agree with the sanctions either , but that 's neither here nor there ...  if eu will not devolve into free trade-zone again then eu needs to federalize . 
  or some of it might want to . 
  i do n't quite know why people are so fixated on the federalisation aspect ...  i personally dont really care which way it goes i just want to get out of this `` not-fully federal but not non-federal '' - state . 
  it is currently a non-federal non-state ... 
  it 's aspirations do n't match the capacity of it 's members so i would n't worry about it being a federal state any time soon . .  if eu or ez federalizes then finland will become one of the states in use i assume that will be down to the finns more generally with some sort of referendum , but hey . 
   but if not then finland needs to think about joining hands with other nordics or/and estonia ca n't it do that through the eu as it is far more effectively than under many of the other scenarios proposed ? 
   like i said `` it is politically impossible to deny them '' in which case i do n't understand the reasoning , it 's politically impossible to deny devolved powers to the constituent parts of the uk , but also politically impossible for the eu to allow the uk the same ? 
   then only solution is to leave eu and become satellite state of use ( united states of europe ) if uk hangs in eu too long it will be swallowed inside use . 
  well , given the use is n't a given and the uk is n't the only country that 'd be wary about it , i do n't think we 'll see a use any time soon in any case . 
  if we do then yes , i do think the uk would be outside of it ( i do n't think the eu is in any position to ` swallow ' any member by the way . . ) , which would presumably be what the uk would prefer . 
   `` european dream '' is dream of use and that is the aim of the federalists in eu . 
  right , i had n't heard it referred to as such in the past . 
   loopholes are simply stuff that grants extra for one or few members but not on others . 
  that then makes other nations to look their own `` loopholes '' so they can avoid stuff too . 
  yes , this is called coming to an agreement and pretty much how international politics works , because you generally ca n't force a country to do something it does n't want to !, 
   yep , uk meets its responsibilities but uk has so many of those `` exceptions '' that form other `` payer-nations '' standpoint they seem to sliver away from eu deals . 
  nobody here had even heard about that `` we will not need pay for bailouts '' - agreement that uk has/had . 
  the agreement in question was made in exchange for the uk contributing to eurozone bailouts ( which it did n't have to do ... ) and supporting the creation of a mechanism designed , essentially , to get around eu agreements ... 
  the fact that the eu seemed willing to simply disregard agreements really should have been the alarming point , not that the uk had received such an assurance . .  this is extreme example but iran , uk is one of sanction nations even if iran was one uk \u00b4 s good business partners before sanctions . 
  so . . you are suggesting that the uk leaving the eu would justify sanctions ? 
  or that leaving the eu is the same as having a hidden nuclear weapons programme ? 
  the uk is n't harming itself vindictively when it imposes sanctions , it is saying that the actions of one country are so dangerous to it that it will impose them . 
  the uk leaving the eu is not dangerous to it , certainly not on the level of sanctions ...  lets just say that we agree to disagree about that part as i dont think that uk is as allowing as you think . 
  indeed , i think we will . 
  well , if your view is representative of others who will chime in on the eu debate in the uk it will be interesting to see what the reaction is like . 
  in all honestly i think it 's a shame where the uk is with the eu , i 've lived and worked in a number of eu countries , i speak french and german , i have family living in italy and france and support free movement and all the rest of it . 
  but the use ? 
  your analysis of an eu reaction to a brexit ? 
  the greek tragedy . . that has all moved me from being a staunch supporter of the eu project to being someone who is at best in the undecided pile when it comes to how i 'd vote on a brexit .
