  we have an incredibly long and intricate relationship with every eu member state ... of course we do , and no doubt those relationships will deepen . 
  but that is n't the same as being part of a union and it does n't mean that we do n't have significant and problematic ( in my view . . ) differences in interests and ideals . 
  let me be clear that i 'm sure that this could change over time , but i do n't think it is at a point now where i 'd be comfortable with a close political union . .  you are again missing the pretext of this conversation ... 
  your objections can be leveled at any union ... read your first comment . 
  i 'm talking about my view of the european union , not unions in general . 
  you seem to take the approach that if one thinks the eu dilutes and minimises influence it must be true for all unions - i do n't think it is and certainly have n't claimed that and there is no reason why it should be . .  you were once much different , and actually had a balanced view . 
  you 're now complaining and whining about literally anything and everything to do with the eu . 
  even the parts of the eu that are demonstrably beneficial . 
  really ? 
  i think freedom of movement is a good thing , i think economic cooperation , cross border scientific efforts and many other aspects that are brought about by the eu or that the eu plays a part in are great ideas . 
  they are all things that need to be protected in fact , if the uk were to leave the eu . 
  but i do n't think they balance the damage that the eu does in other areas . . 
  i literally can not fathom where you get the idea from that i am blindly anti-eu . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  how is knocking on doors , canvassing or leafleting more difficult when it 's being done on eu issues instead of uk issues ? 
   be specific . 
  you seem to struggle a lot with specifics . 
  to have an impact at the eu level involves knocking on a lot more doors , to have a real impact some of those doors need to be in other eu member states . 
  leaflets cost money ( just compare the cost of contesting say a single constituency in the uk and being involved in getting a single mep elected - yes its a list system , yes its pr , but it costs massively more - hell it costs a fortune just to stand a candidate . . ) . 
  i ca n't and do n't have as much of an impact as an individual , or with a small group at the eu level as i can at the uk level . 
  that comes down to lots of things , size institutions and so on , but it 's a very real issue . 
   meps are regional , so is the council of the european union . 
  i assume from the repeat of this that you 've never actually tried to campaign for anything at the eu level . 
  you need to get support across the bloc for anything meaningful to happen and doing that is harder than it is in the uk . .  that 's to do with the secrecy surrounding fta 's in general ... 
  i 'd expect you to know that , no government has ever held public consultations or opened reading rooms for an fta . 
  this is something to be proud of , not to whine and moan about . 
  my god ... 
  the eu runs stakeholder sessions and discussions on several aspects of ttip , it invited comment and discussion . 
  and then made it hard to have an impact . 
  i 'm not suggesting i want to read the eu negotiating position or the drafts , this is about engaging with the eu on areas where they want to see engagement . 
   i can guarantee you the uk government would have never allowed this . 
  i can guarantee i can go and have a discussion with my mp about it and get a written answer on the position of the uk government on aspects that impact trade though . 
   i do n't think that 's the case . 
  i do . .  the eu should only be used for transnational issues , and it 's impossible to bring transnational issues to the fore without transnational work . 
   but earlier you said ... and in any case , the eu should only be used for transnational issues , but lets be clear , the eu makes more issues transnational than would be the case otherwise . 
  take something like visa issuing , that should be ( and for the most part is ) a national issue , but not for family reunification , at that point it becomes an eu issue and changes the nature of where you can campaign . 
  same goes for things even where countries have their own approaches and there are international agreements beyond the eu - say copyright where you have national interpretations , bern and the eu trying to regulate . 
  in short it takes issues away from national democratic scrutiny and places them under considerably less effective and less democratic scrutiny at the eu level . .  demonstrate it then . 
  am i to take from this , that you believe that the scale of unions is immaterial to their functioning and quality ? 
  you think that having to say , convince 300 million people of a position is as simple as having to convince say 30 million , or indeed 3 thousand at a local level ? 
   disparity exists everywhere , you have parts of england that are just as poor as parts of poland yes , that was my point . .  you think an entity that came out of the treaty of rome and eventually evolved into the eu we see before us today , ca n't reform ? 
  no , i do n't think it can reform in a positive way . 
   and this is after i 've linked you the 5 presidents report ? 
  absolutely . 
   this just is n't reflected by reality , sorry . 
  change takes time , but saying it 's impossible or not likely to happen goes against the very history and pretext of the eu and it 's predecessors . 
  and direction is important . 
   so , your rebuttal to the specifics is ... non-specific . 
  i 'm not sure what you want me to rebut . 
  my point is that the eu is n't unique in its approaches to regulation and there is no reason why the uk would n't have taken the same or similar steps , in short , that these benefits are not reliant on the eu . 
  how would you like me to specifically rebut your apparent inability to get that premise ? 
   well , bus lines have predetermined destinations too but buses are n't all on specific routes - i can always hire a coach for the day and change a destination . . 
  but yes i think metaphors have a limited utility . . 
  having watched it now , it seems like a fairly reasonable discussion of the type of responses and views that would be taken into account in a crisis . 
  i would probably argue it is more about how difficult it is to balance a proportional response with escalation ... 
  if anything its far too short and vague , it would be more interesting to see this split over a few weeks , preferably with more discussion and debate as well including areas less under control ( so decisions made in the field , and how they contribute and complicate the strategic picture . . ) . 
  all in though i thought it was fairly decent , i do n't think its far from what people would assume the responses from various nato countries would be , in fact the biggest credibility issue was the use of nuclear weapons in the first instance . . 
  it did n't fit well with the rest of the scenario . 
   you have limited anecdotal evidence shaped by the people around you . 
  i think you are engaging in exactly the same behaviour . . 
  i was born after 1980 , speak some european languages , travelled around europe ( and further afield ) and funnily enough , i encounter the same points made by the parent from my peers , and those younger snf older than me ... 
  there have always been people who are more interested in the eu , but lets face it even things like european parliament election turnouts are dropping - even whilst the eu attempted to make the election about more and there being more at stake ... 
  the uk does still feel very divorced from the continent , especially if you compare it to the feeling in countries like germany and france ... 
   i think about all those retired britains living in south spain ... they would be forced to go back to uk in the case of a brexit ? 
  that 'd be up to the spanish . 
  i assume we 'd end up with fairly easy movement between the uk and eu anyway , almost regardless of the outcome and i 'd assume that brits abroad and indeed eu citizens in the uk would be able to remain where the are . . 
  ah but if its a train ( which may be an apt thought . . ) then you have to deal with the fact that the rails have already been laid and at best you might have some control over the speed you reach the destination , but none over the destination any more ... that was decided a long time ago . 
  you have to remember that support for remaining in a ` reformed ' eu polls far better than either remaining or leaving ( without the ` reformed ' element included in the question ) . 
  the goal was to make it about staying in a reformed eu and hoping that there 'd be enough planned or actual reform to make that convincing and less scary than leaving . . 
  i do n't think that has been achieved . 
   i was mainly referring to one of the guiding principles of uk foreign policy : go with what the usa does to keep some degree of influence over the americans . 
  iirc that was blair 's reasoning for iraq . 
  i think what people miss , is that this fulfils uk foreign policy objectives too . 
  i ca n't say i entirely agree , but its true and mostly relevant to military and intelligence cooperation . 
  if you look at foreign policy more broadly , especially economic , the uk and us are n't that aligned at all , largely because they compete . 
  look at the uk approach in asia or indeed toward cuba and iran and things look quite different . 
  but its certainly true that broadly , where the us goes militarily , the uk ends up either militarily or trying to mend fences diplomatically . . 
   funny as that is a very good summary of the uk 's relationship with the usa . 
  last time i checked , the uk is n't part of the usa , nor is it bound by the us in any way . . 
  the us does n't have a say in uk trade agreements , nor can it regulate for the uk . 
  the interests of the uk do align with those of the us in several areas and the uk is dependant on the us in areas where we probably should n't be , but it is a bilateral thing ( the us just happens to be much bigger ... ) . 
  the uk can and does act in ways the us does n't like after all . . 
   but that 's the part that does n't make a lot of sense . 
  just because you subjectively feel you belong to one group or another does n't change the reality of what you gain as an individual citizen . 
  you are broadly right . 
  in fact i think this is pretty key , if i felt european rather than british , if i felt that we shared the same aspirations ( even broadly ) or that the eu was acting in my interests and in the interests of those around me i assume i 'd feel very different . 
  but at the end of the day i do n't feel that close to the rest of europe . 
  i do n't mean that in a xenophobic way ( i 've spent enough time around the eu to have a very deep appreciation for people and places in various eu countries and i 'm looking forward to being able to travel around the eastern parts of europe that i have n't seen before this summer . . ) . 
  but i do n't think we are the same , i think there are some really different needs and wants and i think we have a clash in our legal , cultural and economic approaches that ca n't be dealt with through close political union . 
  i do think economic cooperation is vital , i do want to see closer bonds formed between european states , but i do n't really want to limit that to the eu and i do n't think we are close enough that a tight bond works . 
   for the sake of the argument , you could just as easily decide to feel european , and suddenly all the influence is `` ours '' ( i 'm not saying you should , i 'm saying you could ) . 
  absolutely !, 
  but i do n't and i do n't think europe is or should be homogeneous enough for that to be valid now , nor likely to be any time in the future that i can see . 
   in terms of influence , as an individual citizen you de facto gain more while being a part of a globally relevant entity ... really ? 
  would you apply that to the citizens of the ussr ? 
  or of china ? 
  surely what the global entity is , is important too . 
   whether or how much you value that is , of course , a matter of personal preference and priorities , and i 'm not getting into that . 
  fair play . 
   but my overarching point is that self-identification with any ethnic or a national group does not in any way change or affect the actual balance of power in a material , physical way - you still get what you get as an individual .
