  this is what happens with issues that cause these kinds of divisions , i agree with you in principle , but i also think that in practice this kind of situation is pretty inevitable sadly . 
   as far as i 'm aware irish citizens are eligible to vote in all uk elections , if they are registered to vote in the uk . .  so why would british ex-pats in ireland be excluded ? 
  because they are n't registered to vote in the uk in the last 15 years ( if they were registered , they can vote of course ) . 
  it 's exactly the same requirement ... 
   i disagree . 
  the clearest expositions of the renegotiation and reform strategy were set out in the bloomberg speech and the telegraph article . 
  these positions , though somewhat vague , implied a significantly greater reform than the one being undertaken . 
  in terms of the bloomberg speech , i think it actually broadly matches the negotiating positions laid out , just really weakly ( which is a shame as there were a few points in the speech where i momentarily wondered if i was on the same page as the prime minister on something . . ) . 
  it 's the implied element that i think you are right on , the government , conservative party and indeed others have all implied far more than they are reaching for , i suppose that is at least party our fault for reading too far into various statements and probably from having too much optimism for positive change and assuming it was shared ...  the government can take the position that if the eu does not play ball , the government will recommend that we should leave . 
  yes and it should , but i can also see where that might cause some tensions internally . . 
  i 'd be happy with that , it may even happen , but i 'm not sure it will . 
  i 'd have a lot more respect for this government if it did frankly . .  if the government 's position was that we would stay in the eu even if the reform and renegotiation did not happen , it would have been better for them to make that clear at the start . 
  to a certain extent the government and various political parties have been vague about the extent and timetable for reform , and whilst the referendum is sort of being presented as an ` in a reformed eu ' or ` out ' , i do n't think that 's what 's on offer ( and that would be impossible to offer ) . 
  i 'd assume that what we are going to be told is to bear with it and help it get better , in my experience that gets the ` best ' ( in the context of in votes . . ) response , with little or no additional cost . 
  but again , you are right , the government should make that clear , but it 's obvious why they might not . 
   it surprises me that you are not calling out this renegotiation for what it is : a sham . 
  i think because i 'd like to see renegotiation and i 'd rather not rule out the possibility even if the chances are incredibly slim . 
  not to mention that i 'd like the uk positioned as wlel as possible should the referendum be lost and the uk has to remain in the eu . . that said , even if the uk got 100 % of what cameron is suggesting , it would n't change my position ( as that does n't go far enough , obviously if there were significant reforms that might be different , but that is n't even slightly on the table . . ) so to a certain extent it probably does n't matter whether i call it disappointing , a fa\u00e7ade or a sham , i do n't think it 'll do what i want , what the government claims or what we need as a country - but it 'll be easier to make that case once we have seen the failures a little more clearly and a little way down the road . 
  there is always the possibility that the tory sceptics and their associated kippers etc. . manage to put enough pressure on . . * edit : just seen who i 'm replying to - i think you broadly know where i 'm coming from on this anyway - but you 'd probably have a better idea about tory schizophrenia on the eu and the internal mess on the subject and how that will likely impact both how the party wants to be perceived vs what it actually wants to achieve . 
   m not so concerned about what the conservative party want generally or what its supporters want . 
  i am concerned about the government as they are the people running the country who are ultimately answerable for their actions . 
  the government was elected with an explicit manifesto commitment of reforming the eu . 
  if this is no longer government policy , then they should kindly inform the electorate . 
  they will come to regret being dishonest and presenting things which clearly are n't reforms as reforms . 
  i do n't think government policy has changed , and i do n't think the government is n't pursuing changes within the eu , what i would say ( and as someone who did n't vote for this government and ca n't really envisage any conditions under which i might . . ) is that all the government can do is attempt to make changes , anything more requires the eu to play ball , and i 'm not sure it will . 
  after that it turns into politics and we end up with people wanting to show that they have achieved something ( it 's the old ` look we are doing stuff ! ', 
  approach to crisis management . . ) . 
  i mean lets be clear on this the reforms that we have been told the uk is seeking probably do n't go anything like as far as many people would have hoped anyway , and even they seem unobtainable , that sort of colours the whole exercise ...  if cameron and osborne tell the great british public that they have reformed the eu and negotiated that the uk does not have to join the euro ( which is basically what the reforms seem to come down to ) then i do n't think that the great british public will be very impressed . 
  depends on how it 's presented , but no , i think the non-specific use of ` change ' , ` reform ' , and ` renegotiation ' has managed to get quite a few people nodding along , albeit with their own ideas of those terms . 
  that makes delivering on those expectations massively more difficult , potentially even impossible . 
   i can assure you that most irish people have no real dislike of the average brit , merely the cuntish ones . 
  i think in that we are all irish . . 
  i 'd point out that reasonable positions on the exit side get hammered at least as much , if not more , although it seems to depend on the time of day . 
  read into that what you will . . 
  yes , the eu and uk are big trading partners , trade between the two is important to both sides , so putting in barriers on either side is stupid for both . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the uk is in some sort of dominant position , i 'm saying that in or out of the eu , the uk/eu trade relationship is essentially after the same thing , no one is going to needlessly damage it . 
  the uk really is n't threatening the eu , and even on here , the threats seem to be directed at the uk , not at the eu . 
  as to us lapdogs , you may want to look around the rest of the eu too ... 
   if the position of the british government is that we should stay in the eu , whether or not it is reformed , they should say so . 
  what they should n't do is pretend that something is a reform when it clearly is n't . 
  i suppose the problem is that the ` government ' and he party that is in government ( and then the supporters of that party ... ) all have distinctly different views on these things , that 's why you see different messages from what some people might assume is a single ` thing ' . 
  to be fair , that is n't all that different from labour either , and even the liberals have some euro sceptics ( and from both sides of the argument , even asstrongly pro-eu as they are , they do still advocate institutional reform albeit to push for federalism , with a greater role for national parliaments in scrutinising eu legislation but less real power . 
  i 'm not sure about the greens , but i 'd assume so at the membership level too . . 
   lots of people here picture some kind of ` vengeance ' being enacted on us for daring to leave , which is preposterous . 
  i 'm not sure it 's ` lots ' of people , but it is a sentiment i 've heard a few times , there seems to be a bit of a strange place somewhere between ` the potential consequences ' and ` we will punish you for leaving ' that a few people seem to like crossing as though that were acceptable . 
   what kind of bullshit message would that that give to the eu ? 
  stay with us or we 'll hurt you ? 
  indeed , i think you 'd probably find that that kind of argument does more to push people into voting out than scaring them into voting in ...  we 'll get the free trade deal , i 'm just wondering if we could get one without a load of bullshit terms attached that makes leaving in the first place pointless . 
  i 'd argue that we probably will , simply because of the size of bilateral trade and the pointlessness on both sides that barriers would mean . 
  plus the eu is more than just trade . 
  there is certainly an element of immigration being the driver behind the rise of eu membership and the shape of that membership , but it is n't about that any more . 
  there have always been a lot of people unhappy with the uks relationship with the eu all along the political spectrum and with a variety of concerns . 
  now that discussion about the eu is on the table and a vote coming up and it is n't just a rant against immigrants , people are actually having the debates we should have had years ago . . 
   i 'm sorry but i think i 'm going to stop responding to you actually , i feel you are being intentionally obtuse and facetious now . 
  fair enough , i 'm a little sick and tired of your tone in any case . 
  so lets leave it there . 
   i 'd disagree with that statement what ? 
  the point on consequences ? 
  if so , it should be clear that a government could withdraw the uk from the eu without a referendum , so ... impact wise ranges from less , to the same to much greater . .  right , although currently the no vote is campaigning to have that right removed , which to me amounts to gerrymandering . 
  i 'd agree with you it would be wrong to do so . 
   any change to the voter base could be seen as this ; at what point do you administer the line between vote-rigging and correcting errors ? 
  it 's a discussion worth having . 
  it is , although probably best had when it is n't in the context of a specific vote , like i said elsewhere , i 'm in favour of reducing the voting age but it 's probably a debate to be had after the referendum . 
   judging by past discussion there 's quite an overlap , i 'd assume there is some overlap , given the issues , but i 'm willing to bet that there are far more non-ukip eurosceptics than ukip ones in this sub ( based on the various discussions i 've had , but obviously ymmv ) . 
   all parties to the decision should have a say in it , otherwise they suffer the consequences without proper representation , which looks suspiciously like stacking the vote the other way . 
  right , so using the same formulation as a general election ( the results of which could have exactly the same sort of consequences ) seems perfectly reasonable ... and commonwealth citizens resident in the uk can vote in general elections ( and unless i missed something , would be able to vote in the referendum under the proposals ) . 
  surely expanding the franchise for a specific vote is stacking the vote , keeping it the same as for say , the av vote on the other hand seems right . 
  he 's right on the impact it could have on ireland and obviously justifiably concerned , although i 'm not sure how much of a baring that has to have on the uk . 
  oh and as to eurosceptics/pro-exit people in this thread , i doubt that they are ukip voters ( or even that a majority are . . ) maybe we should have a poll . . 
  why is that right ? 
  surely the arrangements for any vote should be the same as with other votes like it ? 
  otherwise it just looks like people are stacking the vote one way or another . . 
  the problem is that the prospect for actual reform seems pretty slim ( and even if you are wildly optimistic , it 's very , very limited reform . . ) so for the government to be able to support its ` in a reformed eu ' position it has to be able to present victories . 
   people are much more likely to suggest it could push ireland to leave the eu , which they would view as a positive thing . 
  yeah , i was looking at that a while back ( and as someone who thinks the uk should leave the eu , can absolutely see why ireland would be very wary and justifiably so ) , but actively harming a neighbour for shits and giggles is just very off . 
   the average 16 year old does n't care about things like that at all . 
  but the point is that the average 18/21/25 year old does n't , and quite a significant portion of those those over 25 too . 
   but a general election is n't as important as a leaving the eu referendum . 
  arguably a general election is far more important , given that a government can do quite a lot without further approval ( including leaving the eu - no referendum required , and indeed starting a war , changing the franchise , splitting up the uk and so on ... ) . 
  sort of maybe , but not the kind that ewannn and quite a few others would prefer . . 
   as we see from the endless low level sniping at the british from our irish friends all over reddit , the irish hate the brits . 
  not sure how you come to that conclusion from reddit , there is low level sniping all over the place and i 'm pretty sure that most irish people do n't have british people ( although some do , but it 's getting better right !? ) . 
   they have their own deeply cherished reasons for this , rooted in prejudice and ignorance . 
  well , that and a few other things that helped shaped the uk , and indeed why they continue to enjoy a special relationship with the uk . .  if complicating things for our irish brethren is a fringe benefit of brexit , so much the better . 
  really ? 
   which arguments are the same ( you 've said this before but only supplied one similar argument when i asked you last time ) ? 
  that it would mean businesses leaving the uk , that it would impact on trade , that it would lower the uks relevancy and impact within the eu and globally ...  such as ? 
  that significant trade barriers would be introduced between the uk and eu and potentially the uk and other countries that have agreements with the eu . .  i do n't know what you 're saying here . 
  what i said is correct , it depends on which leave campaign is designated the official leave campaign ; because that is the one which britian will base its exit on . 
  the exit that the uk carries out will be based on the agreements in place now with the eu and the best advice of the civil service . . 
  the leave campaigns , political parties , civil society groups and a shed-load of other groups will likely have some impact , but lets be clear that whoever heads up the leave campaign is n't going to be responsible for the actual exit . .  why are you trying to deny this ? 
  it 's very strange . 
  where are you getting the idea that this is a thing , that 's much stranger . .  morality is subjective , surely this is axiomatic ? 
  that does n't make it irrelevant ... you could argue that national socialism is both morally wrong and that it does n't do what it claims . 
  that makes it wrong on both counts , but either would be sufficient . 
  and yes , we may disagree on what is morally wrong and what is acceptable , but it seems pretty clear to me that the argument on euro membership and now eu membership are being presented in very much the same way ...  plus the ideology has not been `` proven '' to be wrong or right , so why that matters i do n't know . 
  the ideology is however not in line with the views of the vast majority of those in the uk ( a significant proportion of people want to remain in the eu , far fewer want ever closer union , a small minority want the uk to join the euro and on the fringes you have federalists . . ) . 
  it seems pretty clear that ever closer union in terms of monetary policy , a fiscal union , would have been very wrong for the uk and we 've seen that borne out , that drive came from a very similar position to the current push on the eu . . 
  but the uk is n't going to close its markets or be closed out of eu markets , the amount of trade that involves is staggering and it is in both sides interests that that trade remain as free as possible . 
  as to free movement , the uk should work to remain part of that as much as possible in any case , obviously there are others who would disagree , but i think its a good thing , but does n't require the political and legal framework , nor the ever closer union or continued harmonisation that we get with the eu so ...
