  not sure what this has to do with any of what you are whining about above , especially given the last time i checked , there were precisely no socialist countries within the eu , but hey . 
  well , assuming much of the avoidance is n't in line with the spirit of the tax legislation and means a loss for the country in which profits are made , it would mean that some eu countries are not seeing tax revenues they should be seeing . 
  that 's be a bad thing , given the companies involved presumably benefit from operating in those countries . 
   can we get eu to not pay for non-eu people via welfare to regufees then ? 
  the eu does n't pay welfare to refugees , member states do . 
   asking money via taxes to pay for things and services not intended to eu citizens should be a crime . 
  no it should n't . 
  whether they are legal migrants or refugees ( who generally have very little access to welfare - depending on country of course ) it is down to the various member governments to decide on what approach they take to support . 
   might as well reform the govt into `` charity for all '' and officialy state what the goal is . 
  except of course welfare provision is n't charity , it 's welfare provision . 
  it does n't suddenly become charity when it 's aimed at non-eu national . .  or is political gain via using taxpayer ( companies included ) money legal good right ? 
  buying the next generations of voters via accepting non-eu immigrants that are then dependent on welfare so govt . 
  can raise the welfare when it 's election and guarantee votes . 
  that would presumably again come down to member states and both the way they issue citizenship and how they manage welfare . 
   leaving the eu predicated on the expectation of such an arrangement i suppose the point there is that i have n't seen anyone seriously suggest it 's something that has to or even would to happen on leaving the eu . 
  it 's one of those things that gets bandied about as a possibility , not something that is presented as an alternative . 
  given there were issues getting rid of leaded petrol at a national level in the context of the internal market , i can see it hitting a few barriers , although i suppose it depends on what gets put in place at the eu level before 2025 . 
  headline is now ` brussels raids over , no arrests : reuters witness ', 
   but more to the various advisory bodies and low to medium level functionaries . 
  so the civil service ? 
  given they are broadly apolitical and exist to advise and help implement policy it 's important that they are n't corrupt , but again , i 'd argue that they are at best on a par with the civil service of the larger eu states , of course a lot of the civil service presence in the eu is n't eu related ( various state representation etc. . and seconded civil servants ) . 
   of course , but i was talking about what a person can do when working in their political structure , not the overall power of the institutions . 
  i really do n't get where you are coming from then . 
  if it is n't about the elected politicians , but the civil service , and it 's not about the actual power but the power of the institutions , then what ? 
  it means a civil servant is free to do their job ? 
  i mean , in terms of decision making and implementation most of it is n't in the hands of either eu staffers , it 's in the hands of the various members . 
   i did n't mean to say that . 
  what i meant was that the eu institutions are still overlooked and underused , so they attract a lot of those idealists that are usually at the bottom of pile in older political structures , while in the eu they still have a chance to make a difference . 
  i 'd also argue that they are a place for established parties to park people who they do n't want in the national picture and of course given the relative lack of interest but broader voter base , as well as ` easier ' electoral system , it 's somewhere that you can see politicians who would n't normally make it in national systems ( see the bnp meps from the uk from a few years back ) . 
  i do n't think the perceived lack of importance is a good thing for getting decent people into the ep , i think it 's mixed at best . 
   they have way more power to realize their ideas in the eu than they would have in any single country . 
  i 'd disagree with that too , the eu has relatively less power than any one of the members , parliamentarians even less so ( no legislative initiative , no real way to hold other eu institutions or members to account ... ) . 
  the ep in its current form seems more like window dressing than a serious democratic body . 
   that of accountability is certainly a problem that the eu needs to solve , but i do n't know how much it has to do with how little people care about the ep elections . 
  i did n't mention ep elections anywhere ... 
  i do n't think that 's terribly relevant to the topic at hand . 
  at most it shows a massive disinterest in countries where the turnout is low ( like in the uk where turnout in 2014 was around 35 % . . )  i agree that i feel the closer to the electors you get , the more accountable politicians are , but we were talking about the actual effort to fight corruption and enforce standards that benefit workers and consumers , which are strangely two different things . 
  the issue of course is that these vary significantly between members , and to a certain extent the point there is institutional . 
  the ep is generally seen as being as ` clean ' as german or french politics , there is n't a huge amount of outright corruption ( although we are starting to see serious issues around lobbying and transparency , and of course there remain accountability issues beyond mandates from electorates ) . 
  that said , i would have thought that the ability to deal with corruption and enforce standards is more relevant to a judicial and regulatory bodies , not political ones . 
  the frameworks within which those bodies work are of course decided by governments , but still . 
   at least for now , a good part of the european istitutions are still full of people wanting to simply do what they feel is right , and corruption does n't seem to have touched anything but the higher levels , so you actually get more than their accountability usually would allow . 
  i do n't entirely really agree with that , but it is true in terms of corruption . 
  i think there is no more corruption within eu institutions than there is in any of the more secure eu democracies . 
  i 'm not sure that they are all there to simply ` do the right thing ' or that there are n't issues . 
   i have honestly more trust in the eu making rules that enforce standards of transparency and accountability that local politicians that presumably depends on your local politicians . 
  i 'm not a fan of my current government , but i think they are more accountable than those in the ep are , that 's even more true at the local level . 
  i really do understand that for some eu members , the eu does look like a step up , and if the eu helps those members tackle things like corruption and promote transparency that is all a good thing , but for everyone else it 's not quite such a clear choice . . 
   `` our politicians do n't act on our interests , so let 's give them more power ! '', 
  is another way to look at it , and it sounds counter-productive . 
  to be fair , the argument that we should stay in the uk because currently eu positions or policies are more palatable is just as absurd . 
  the eu can change just as easily as the uks political direction . 
  the issue is more the obfuscation involved and the difficulty of holding people to account . 
  that is n't just an eu issue ( the whole , devolving powers to local government , but controlling and limiting spending does the same sort of thing , pushing accountability for unpopular decisions down the line by making any other decision impossible ) but it is part of it . 
  it 's a valid point . 
  governments either using the eu to push positions they could n't do domestically and then claiming the eu makes it impossible to do anything else , or pointing at the eu as preventing them from doing something that is popular , but not in line with what a government wants to do . 
  that is n't the eu 's fault as such , but it is a consequence of the competencies that the eu has . 
  being outside of the eu would make that kind of thing considerably harder , although frankly so would making people aware of what decisions are being made at what level . 
  and of course lets not forget that this whole thread is about a pro-eu prime minister of an officially pro-eu government taking action through the eu . . you can see why people who would prefer to see the uk leave the eu would have an issue with it as much as anything else that comes via the eu . 
  what ? 
  if there is n't a sensible way of actually having a discussion/vote on eu membership then that 's going to happen at some point , and will only continue until it 's addressed at some level . 
  what ? 
  why would that be the case ? 
  absolutely , although given the state ukip seem to be in most of the time i ca n't really see they had a lot of options . 
  farage is , if nothing else , a household name that a lot of people relate to . 
  ukip politics may be a bit shit , but at the same time , it 's hard to argue that they do n't connect with a certain subset of the population and appeal to people on issues like immigration and the eu . 
  plus i 'm not sure if there is really a benefit from candidates and leaders quitting after each election loss . 
  by the electorate , not the party membership though . 
  not really , refusing to accept a resignation is n't exactly odd , it 's generally ( depending on the circumstances ) seen as a vote of confidence in the person whose resignation is n't accepted . 
  sometimes an organisation will refuse to accept a resignation then terminate that person if they want to send a message too ... 
   how would uk be as sovereign outside eu the uk is sovereign now . 
  the idea that it is n't currently is pretty absurd ( it could leave the eu in a matter of months with a vote in parliament , without any need for negotiation with the eu or a referendum . . ) . 
  however eu members , the uk included , essentially devolve some of their powers to the eu and allow the eu to act on the uks behalf in some areas ( trade being one . . ) . 
  the uk leaving the eu would mean that the powers currently entrusted to the eu would be exercised by the parliament in westminster instead ... that tends to be what the sovereignty argument is about , that the powers/competencies the uk allows the eu to exercise would be better exercised by the uk directly . 
  the most important point of course is that eu membership involves quite a lot of power being passed to the eu with the scope of those powers increasing gradually . 
  whilst every agreement between states is a voluntary limitation on sovereignty to some extent , the eu is fairly unique in its scope and the amount of ` devolution ' . 
  a bilateral trade agreement between the uk and another country , or say , an international treaty on land mines , or nuclear weapons have a far more limited impact and scope and do n't generally include the kind of political and legal aspects that eu membership does . 
  oh , and of course a federal eu would potentially represent an actual surrender of sovereignty , even if at the moment it falls far short of that . 
  so outside of the eu the uk would have more freedom , it would be able to exercise powers currently in the hands of the eu and would n't face many of the limitations and requirements imposed upon it by the eu ... 
  whether that is a good thing or not is a matter of your view on whether being a big part in a big club on the world stage is better than being a decent sized state on the global stage in its own right . . and lets remember that whilst trade negotiations between the eu and other states will mean that the eu is in a broadly more powerful position , it would also be an agreement that has to take into account the needs of 28 members . 
  a bilateral treaty will always be more tailored and , given the uk is a huge economy and market , the imbalance is n't going to be that pronounced anyway ... 
   is that just in the densest parts of cities like london houses in most uk cities are pretty small , ` two up two down ' terraced houses are pretty common , as are houses build before 1920 . 
  in more rural areas you do see larger houses , but even there many are small houses clustered in villages . 
  house and land prices are a part of that , but the norm being small also seems to mean it 's self perpetuating . 
  as to drying stuff , hanging washing in a yard is common enough and washer driers are n't uncommon either . 
  it 's not really inconvenient it 's just different . 
  it 's a bit like the lack of decent fast boiling kettles in the us i suppose ... 
   it should be pretty obvious that collecting and sharing of all kinds of data and intelligence in eu is more likely with member states , than with countries outside of the union . 
  why ? 
  that is n't the case now within the eu . 
   the fact that belgian authorities in this case did n't share data with other member states , just shows that intelligence community in eu is not integrated enough on all levels . 
  it is n't integrated because it is a national asset , the coordination of which at the eu level is worse than the coordination between eu members and non-eu members via other mechanisms ( which also happen to be far more valuable ... ) . 
  the eu putting in place some sort of grand unified intelligence agency , or coordination body is n't going to suddenly sort that all out , it 'll just be another layer of bureaucracy that some eu politicians will try to use for political and ideological reasons ...  being outside of the union will not make confidential information for britain more accessible , the work of british intelligence easier , and country safer . 
  it wo n't make it any harder to access and it wo n't impact on the ability of british intelligence services to operate either . 
  whether it makes the uk safer depends on a number of factors , but it is n't going to make the uk less safe . 
   hmm . 
  i 'd say that some kind of mechanism would be useful , even if information has to be processed before being handed out . 
  the problem there is that it massively reduces the speed at which information can be disseminated , and you have to tailor the output . 
  say you have information from the us via communications intercept that supports information gathered on the ground by the spanish security services . 
  the uk could put that together , but it could n't release the information back to the spanish without clearing it through the us ... and that 's a simple scenario .
