  a move back to hong kong would be interesting , but i do n't think its terribly likely for a whole raft of reasons , although it 's notable that hong kong is seen as preferable , whilst locations within the eu seem to lack any real pull . 
  it should probably also be noted that even with the whole ` brexit ' uncertainty , that most of the discussions around hq locations have been about regulation and taxes , both of which make quite a few eu states generally less attractive . . 
  regardless of the definition . 
  he also skipped bail in the uk , and seems to be pretty uncooperative in terms of finding a way to assist the swedish investigation . 
  if it were anyone else would you be attacking the definition of the charge or would you be annoyed that a person managed to avoid a perfectly functional justice system by hiding in an embassy ? 
   i think that it is outside the scope of nato , and that nato is n't necessary in that member nations can and do already do things outside nato . 
  absolutely right , whilst nato members might want to act together and whilst there may be a legitimate discussion to be had about border protection , use of naval assets and so on , this is n't a military issue and should n't be associated with nato . 
  the only thing nato involvement could do in this area is make nato look ineffective , weak and divided ... 
   but only a guarantee to a fair trial would compel assange to go that way . 
  i suppose the issue is that he would get a fair trial in the uk , and in sweden , so the concern is that he might not get one , if he were extradited to the us , and the swedish court system agreed , and the ecthr did n't prevent it ... 
  but there is n't really good evidence to suggest that . 
  on the other hand , by hiding in an embassy until the statute of limitations expire on a number of charges , i suppose the one thing we can guarantee is that any victims of assault are n't going to get access to justice . . whatever happens to assange now , wikileaks will continue , and i suppose that 's the important bit ... and yes !, 
  thanks for the discussion . 
   well , come on , prominent us establishment figures , like the vice president of the us , have repeatedly called for his assassination . 
  i would say that this is a pretty credible and worrisome threat for his life . 
  that 'd be a non-judicial threat though . 
  being extradited to the us would presumably reduce the threat of assassination , and again , i 'm not sure that most people would see the threats as credible . 
   assange is closer to the rosenbergs case but without the american citizenship . 
  i am sure he would not find it `` rather interesting '' to end up in the electric chair for practising journalism though . 
  the us government would have as much of an issue trying to argue the case against assange on the basis of his journalism as they would against any us journalist . 
  and i do n't think that even in the wildest dreams of the most anti-assange politicians , is there scope for assange to get the death penalty . . 
  essentially he 'd need to be found guilty of espionage ( again , difficult in the context of manning , probably impossible given the precedents . . ) . 
   there is no conspiracy theory needed here . 
  had the us requested the extradition from the uk then assange 's fears would have been substantiated for the whole world to see . 
  but who would have cared ? 
  the us would have had assange . 
  there is no reason whatsoever for the us not to make the request , they would have had as good a chance with the uk as with sweden , and there was the bonus that assange would have been in custody in the uk . .  also , there is no need for direct interference to the judiciary system . 
  the judiciary system knows its implicit boundaries not to mess with foreign policy and traditional alliances . 
  unless you want to claim that the uk judiciary system is so independent and insular from the executive branch that could also rule against uk 's foreign policy interests , in which case i would be the one calling it bollocks . 
  :-) there is n't the same separation of powers in the uk that the us has , but there is a very much independent judiciary , and if you 've been paying attention , it should be clear that judges do and have ruled against uk governments desired when it came to extradition and foreign policy , but more to the point , he has n't even approached the ecthr , which very much is n't in the uk 's pocket and could have ( and can . . ) halted extradition both from the uk and from sweden . . 
  so again , the idea that somehow the uk 's independent judiciary , the uk government , the swedish government and so on are acting as pawns for the us ( when the us has far more direction options available ) really do n't seem credible . 
  and of course the end result is that assange is managing to avoid a criminal case related to rape . 
  as i said , you can make the argument in both directions , either this is all a plot by the us ( and i 'm sure the us would love to have assange by the way . . ) to get assange and kill him , or its assange using wikileaks to avoid a criminal investigation . 
  in either case , it has utterly undermined assange , and harmed wikileaks and of course , to take us back to my first point , there is nothing the uk can really do about the conditions that assange is living under if he wo n't re-enter uk jurisdiction . . 
  it starts by pointing out that the shared features that european higher education is based on ` such as international mobility , openness , an academic lingua franca , and combining service to society with a nurturing of curiosity and critical thinking ' kicked off in the 11th century , i think its fair to sat that pre-dates the eu . 
  it also makes some slightly absurd claims that , as you point out , only make sense if we ban all communication and travel between the eu and uk . . take this claim :  the uk has historically profited from developments in the continent 's universities , usually improving on them ; it would be mind-boggling if darwin 's home country was no longer interested in improving its university system via such natural selection . 
  i doubt very much that universities would simply stop looking at other institutions in the eu for ideas . 
  i also think its somewhat unlikely that we do n't do the same with institutions in other countries with which we are not in a political union so ... 
  similarly the idea that leaving the eu would result in a in uk higher education ignoring europe and focusing on the english-speaking world seems daft too . 
  yes , creativity and innovation require openness and interaction with a broader range of cultures and mindsets but that is true for our bilateral work with china , japan , switzerland , israel and many others . 
  being part of the eu makes some of that easier , but being part of the eu is n't generally a qualification require for that to continue . . then it gets funny :  cern , the european space organisation and the european molecular biology organisation are examples of european cooperation at its best . 
  the uk joined cern before the eu existed . 
  the ` european space organisation ' seems to be a merger between eso ( the european southern observatory . . ) and esa ( the european space agency ) , neither of which are eu institutions ( but intergovernmental organisations in their own right , with non-eu members . . ) , and embo is neither an eu organisation and again , one that predates the eu . . 
  essentially the argument here seems to be the opposite of what the author would like to present , namely that european and indeed global cooperation is perfectly possible outside of the eu . 
  i 'd make the argument here that global cooperation is probably more effective than arbitrary regionalised cooperation with a political element too , but it seems pretty self evident ... and here is what it comes down to , the claim that the author has to `` stretch '' their `` homo sapiens mind to its limits to picture a brighter future for a uk isolated from the continent . '' . 
  and they 'd be right , isolating the uk from the continent would be a bad idea , which is why no-one is making such an argument . 
  and i think ( as pointed out above ) that the uk can excel , possibly even see a benefit - although i do n't entirely see it - if science cooperation is entirely divorced from a large political and social project . . 
  but what really struck me was this :  we continental europeans , who share most british values , ask the uk to concentrate its powers on contributing to a better , more british europe : not to a less european britain . 
  it would not be at all british to argue that because this goal of a better europe would be difficult to achieve it should not be pursued . 
  any relevant challenge is difficult to tackle , but i am sure uk universities are ready to support their country in following this european road . 
  a better uk can be achieved , but only within a better europe . 
  the problem is that the eu is n't that . 
  the uk ca n't ( and probably should n't ! ), 
  drive the eu in a particular direction , it is a minority in how its legal systems work , it 's approach to regulation ( especially in areas of science and technology ) is very different to the european norm . 
  we have a different outlook , one that does indeed benefit the eu when it is included in decision making , but one that will be crushed by the eu more generally as integration progresses . 
  the hegemony that the eu presents is a risk all in and of itself , the idea that harmonisation will strengthen europe , the idea that there is a european identity to build and that different ideas on the direction or state of the eu are bad are huge problems . 
  they destroy many of the strengths that europe currently has , and if the uk ca n't change that , it should stand aside . 
  tldr : i agree with you entirely . 
   but i am commenting on the uk granting political asylum to litvinenko in the first place while he was prosecuted in his home country . 
  right , but assange did n't apply for asylum in the uk and you 'd have a hard time arguing the swedish investigation amounted to persecution , again , look at the extradition hearings , it is not as though a uk court did n't get to look at this ( the same uk courts that prevented the extradition of people like gary mckinnon for example ) . 
  the problem for assange was the ability to substantiate it . 
  again , assange was granted bail , he was going through an open , transparent process , right up until he breached his bail conditions . .  the reasoning was ( i guess ) that litvinenko would not face a fair trial in russia and probably his life would be in danger , which of course was true . 
  so uk did the right thing granting asylum to him . 
   in the case of assange , the situation was similar . 
  if extradited to the us he would probably not face a fair trial and his life would be in danger . 
  however , in this case the asylum was not granted . 
  firstly , this would be about sweden not the us , so the real question is does assange face a threat to his life in sweden ? 
  even if you accepted the idea that assange might be extradited or rendered to the us by sweden , there really is n't anything to suggest there 'd be a risk to his life in the us either . 
  given that manning ( his source . . ) is in jail and not dead is probably a guide there . 
  in fact , a legal process in the us would be rather interesting simply because of the way the us has historically dealt with this kind of issue ( the press and leaks/espionage allegations . . ) . 
   you might argue that the uk court did not decide directly on whether assange should be extradited to the us or not , but rather whether he should be extradited to sweden to face rape charges . 
  but this is a convenient fig leaf to cover up the political decision not to piss off a strategic ally . 
  what utter bollocks . 
  the us could have requested extradition from the uk when assange was in the uk , they could probably have prevented him from being granted bail on that basis too . 
  they did n't . 
  the notion that the us and uk would conspire , put pressure on the judiciary and generally mess with the justice system , not to get assange to the us , but to sweden ( so that they could then use presumably similar machinations there . . ) is n't really credible . 
  i mean , the us is pretty incompetent at best , but this would be pushing it a little too far . .  obviously ( since you mention it ) , if assange did rape somebody in sweden he should be punished for it , but only for it . 
  agreed , but right now he is n't even cooperating with that investigation , the statute of limitations of 3 of the 4 claims has run out , the last runs out in 2020 . 
  surely it is in everyones interests for that to be dealt with ...  not for revealing dirty state secrets to the public . 
  this is what journalists are supposed to do all the time . 
  agreed absolutely , but lets be clear that the claim that this is all a cover to get him to the us for his journalistic actions is now less credible than the notion that assange may be using his position within wikileaks to avoid a criminal investigation in sweden . 
   i remember a completely different reaction of uk towards another individual who fled prosecution as well just like assange . 
  the difference should be rather clear , litvinenko was in the uk , and had political asylum in the uk , he was n't on the run from the law in the uk and ( afaik ) there was n't even an extradition request . 
  if assange had political asylum in the uk this would be a very different situation . 
  i 'd also point out that had a uk court found that the swedish extradition request was a political ploy to have him extradited to the us , the uk approach would likely have been different too , but it did n't . 
  you ca n't really compare litvinenko with assange other than them both being granted some sort of asylum at some point , by a country . 
   assange chose a very dangerous path in life and he is paying the price for it . 
  he is certainly currently paying the price for his choices . 
  and yes , he chose a very dangerous path in life . 
  my problem really is that he made some pretty poor choices that have ended up significantly undermining him and harming the reputation of wikileaks to a dangerous degree . 
  he has done a massive amount of good , but it does n't excuse him from his other choices and that is really what this comes down to . 
  assange is n't wikileaks , wikileaks will continue regardless , assange is n't even the key when it comes to reporting on leaks any more . 
   it is not clear , given the hostile environment he is forced to face , including in his home country , if he had better choices to choose from . 
  he could have made better choices , he should have been aware that any of his actions could compromise him . 
  but he is n't some sort of prescient ubermensch and that means both that he has made bad choices , that he is going to end up having to face the consequences of those choices ( or live in an embassy for another half decade . . ) , and it also means that the issues are more important than the man , and indeed that if he is guilty of the charges he faces in sweden ( i note you have n't touched on that at all ) , it 's on him , not on the ideas and actions he put out there . . 
   you stopped short of mentioning the reason why he would not like to be arrested in sweden , which justifies perfectly his decision to ask for asylum . 
  without mentioning that very important reason , i would agree everything seems a bit daft . 
  the reason why he would prefer not to be extradited to sweden is because he believes there is a risk of extradition to the us . 
  whether that risk is justified is n't all that clear , more to the point , whether or not sweden extradites him to the us on the basis of a yet unissued extradition request does n't change the fact that the uk can do absolutely nothing about a us request or swedish agreement to it . 
  remember that he was able to bring up both issues in court in the uk , and that he was granted bail and only skipped out on his bail ( and the people who supported him . . ) when it became clear that he would be extradited .
