  after all , if the uk had wanted to be part of the eurozone , or the inevitable fiscal , monetary and further union that the euro is going to require , then it would have joined . 
  as it is n't , the eurozone needs to look for other ways to manage itself , or find a compromise ...  second there is no way this would be solved if the uk left the eu , because then the uk would n't even get a vote at all . 
  if the uk left the eu , then the eu would n't be able to force regulation on to the city of london at all ... 
  it would n't get a vote in how the eu handles it 's financial regulations , but then it does n't get a vote on how hong kong , singapore or the us regulate either . 
  the point here is n't that the eurozone should n't be capable of self regulation , but that those outside of the eurozone really should n't have to be part of that regulatory framework and certainly eurozone countries should n't be in a position of forcing compliance to regulations that are intended to be hostile to the uks financial services sector . . 
  if you want to talk about the potential for economic damage coming from the uks membership of the eu , this is a huge starting point . 
  if the eu eurozone members decide collectively to regulate in a manner that harms the uks ability to trade globally ( and there are 8 or so proposed regulations that would do exactly that at the moment . . ) then it becomes a massive net negative . .  they are probably not going to get this , they do n't hold the cards in the negotiations to make it so . 
  they might not , it does n't really matter whether they do or do n't the perception is what is going to be important ( it 's not as though we wo n't have a referendum if the very weak negotiation points that cameron has proposed are met . . ) and the euro and indeed eurozone is a pretty unpopular bogeyman ( and rightly so in context . . ) in the uk . 
  you had the oktoberfest bombing , frankfurt airport , la belle disco as non-islamic attacks on civilians , and so far at least , no attacks by islamic terrorists targeted at civilians generally . . 
  essentially terrorism is relatively rare in germany anyway and whilst there are always groups willing to or aiming to carry it out attacks against the foreign military presence , the government , migrants and so on , there has n't been a major attack in a long time . 
  there is simply no real argument to say that suddenly we should be much more afraid of terrorism , and certainly no argument whatsoever that it comes even close to being an existential threat . . 
  i think i 'd assume incompetence before malice in most cases ... 
   correct me if i 'm wrong but few recent european terrorist groups had people ready to die for their cause ( or even worse , seek death for their cause ) . 
  generally not , but i 'm not sure why that suddenly makes it scarier or more of a threat . . 
  it certainly reduces the amount of repeat offending and presumably limits how much the groups learn from each attack . 
  on anything particular , or as part of his current eu/uk ` tour ' ? 
   uk wo n't exit the same second the final result of the referendum is there . 
  there will be enough time to make plans when the results are in . 
  of course , but at that point the eu will have to deal with the impact of the decision beyond the practicalities of the exit plan ( which will take something like 2 years at least . . ) . 
   outside of trade the uk is not that important for the eu . 
  it would be something different if france or belgium would leave the eu . 
  because important eu institutions are in these countries . 
  but the uk ? 
  maybe i 'm missing something really important but i do n't see a need for plan b. i do n't think the practical location of eu bodies is terribly relevant ( for reference , the european medicines agency , european banking authority are head-quartered in london and there are quite a number of satellite offices of other eu agencies and bodies in the uk , but i 'm sure they can sort out the practical requirements ... ) but the notion that the uk is unimportant within the eu except as it relates to trade is a bit bizarre . 
  there are quite a number of elements of current eu policy and operations that are either heavily supported by the uk or managed by the uk . 
  most of that will be dealt with in transition . 
   of course the uk wo n't like that because it undermines their perceived importance . 
  they would love to see the eu run around in panic because the uk might leave . 
  actually what i 'd prefer is that any change happens with minimal impact on anyone , that has to be the goal given that anything else introduces instability and could knock confidence in either direction and then harm people ... 
  but it does require some thought and planning , i 'd also argue that the eus approach to the referendum could do with looking at too . . 
   sigh . 
  first off , saying i am upset because people do n't take my position is a really disingenuous representation of my comment . 
  fair enough , but it is the impression given by your comment . 
  the whole , * i wish uk would just fuck off already and stop with all the whining . 
  it 's getting really tiring . 
  * thing - which i appreciate , it must be just as annoying looking at the the eu for you as it is for me , if for other reasons ...  the problem here is uk only thinks of itself , even though it is part of the union . 
  always cherrypicking good things and opting out of things that might turn bad . 
  which is fine , as you seem to have euro to point at say `` told you so '' ( i am still pretty happy with schengen ) , but uk should leave , and not because i have some animosity or bitterness towards how things turned out , but because i believe uk has no place demanding anything without showing any commitment to further the goals of the union . 
  i think this is basically where the wheels come off a bit . 
  surely the uk gets to be part of setting the goals of the union if it is in that union . . that seems to be where people in the uk often get annoyed and upset ( bar the ones who see immigration the be all and end all of issues ... ) . 
  the uk is n't supposed to just commit to some external goals , it is supposed to buy into them through participating and for about a decade that simply has n't happened at the level of the electorate ...  if those goals do n't align with uk 's goal , then all the more reason to just stop whining and walk away , but that too does n't seem to be okay with uk because of the economic uncertainty it brings . 
  i think the issue there is that there is n't one single uk view on the goals of the eu and there really has n't been the proper level of political engagement on this issue in the uk ( i 'd argue that 's true across the eu , but that is n't really relevant to the uks failure on this . . ) . 
  that 's why you are seeing a lot of whining and a lack of buy in ... 
  the way to fix that is to have the debate though , and for that debate to be robust . 
   i really do n't give two shits about uk 's position to be honest and why should i ? 
  uk just does n't seem to understand what solidarity means . 
  you realise of course just how absurd those two sentences are when taken together ? 
  one of the reasons we see the same arguments again and again on here and in other forums is largely because there seems to be a misunderstanding of what solidarity is supposed to mean , and exactly who we are supposed to be showing solidarity with . . 
  disagreeing with the consensus , wanting to take a different position or having a different goal is n't a lack of solidarity . . at the same time one could argue that there is a lack of solidarity with the uk on the issues it has as a member . 
  but in any case , the notion that a lack of solidarity is a valid argument just seems absurd . 
  surely we all agree that the eu is n't a suicide pact , that if anything it 'd be better to work together on something that everyone can sign up to ? 
  even i would prefer that to what we have . .  if you want to place yourself in a position where you are part of certain things and not part of others and then want the union to cater to your demands because you opted out of half the things and hence hold a unique position where any pacts made by union would be detrimental to you , then it 's best if you made it easy for everyone and just opted out of everything . 
  i think the issue is the reverse , the uk has opted out of things , and people are cross at the uk for exercising those opt outs . 
  is n't that essentially what the ` lack of solidarity ' argument is ? 
  i suppose that is where the absurd notion of a two speed europe comes from and really i 'm not sure how useful that is as a concept either ( unless one of the speeds is stop , in which case its still really one speed ... ) . 
   i said i would n't bother because these these debates are getting repetitive and annoying . 
  best part ways amicably . 
  absolutely . 
  have a pleasant evening . 
  * edit : failed to quote a sentence ... *, 
   i 'd debate you but you are like a one trick pony . 
  all your posts and comments about brexit just parrot the same and replying to you about it is like talking to a wall most of the times . 
  i could say the same , except i 'd like to see you change your view , or at least see the uk 's position , whether it leaves or not as reasonable . . 
  it seems you get quite upset if people do n't take the same position that you do and that is n't reasonable in the context of the eu generally nor is it healthy . 
   uk is partly responsible for the clusterfuck of refugee crisis , which kinda leads back to invasion of iraq . 
  just sitting behind a moat and whining about it , and extracting yourself does n't suddenly make it all schengen 's fault for the mess at our doorstep . 
  i 'd agree that the uk has some responsibility for the state of the middle east , probably more than most given the last 150 years , but i 'd argue that the refugee crisis could have been avoided by schengen members working together more sensibly too . 
  the uk 's position on asylum is reasonable ( and the uk is taking asylum seekers and providing aid of course ) whilst it is harder to come to the same conclusion about what has happened in the eu for the last few years . 
  in short , the uk absolutely does bear some responsibility for the state of the me , but you can hardly hold it responsibile for the screw ups of schengen eu members . .  you also seem to mixing up a bunch of things . 
  what the fuck does blocking eu fiscal pacts have anything to with what you extracted yourself from , be it euro or schengen ? 
  the uk is an eu member but not part of the eurozone or schengen , if the eu as a whole wants to change , modify or otherwise play with those two elements it needs to ensure that the uk remains uninvolved , that was the point of the opt-outs ... you ca n't expect the uk to shoulder responsibility for the failings of agreements it specifically did n't want to be part of . .  do n't bother to reply . 
  i do n't have the patience . 
  i know i am not changing any opinions here . 
  and you sure as hell wo n't be either . 
  i 'd disagree , so you got a reply - i wo n't take silence on your part as agreement or an endorsement of course . 
   however the impact of uk leaving is very asymmetrical in eu 's favor . 
  it 's not like the uk was an exemplary eu member before . 
  things will shift around for a bit and be back to normal in a couple of years . 
  the impact should be minimal largely because it can be mitigated , but it does need to be mitigated and the eu could do with presenting the referendum and indeed any exit as a positive thing ( rather than a disaster for the uk or the eu as some people seem keen of making it appear ... ) . 
  it does n't have to be seen as a knock to the prestige or viability of the eu any more than it should be seen as harmful to trade or bilateral relations . . but i do think that if it is left in the hands of some eu ( and uk . . ) politicians to frame it , there could be a hit to confidence . 
  i 'm always somewhat amazed that people are cross that the uk expects their opt outs , which they negotiated and horse traded over , to be ignored ... 
  it 's bizarre that its described as a lack of solidarity too , i mean come on . 
  we said we would n't take part in this , talked about it with you , agreed on a compromise , gave you something in return for that compromise and now that the shit has hit the fan you are upset that we are n't jumping off the cliff with you ? 
   do n't worry , everybody is going to be just fine . 
  you are absolutely right , everyone will be fine , if everyone is sensible enough to do a bit of forward planning ... 
  surely regardless of what side of the issue you happen to be on , it seems odd that there are senior officials suggesting that no forward planning was being done on the basis of an exit . 
  that says uk has its head so far up its ass that they do n't see any advantages to being in the union at all and only sabotage any efforts made to further the union . 
  i really do n't get this as a position - the uk makes it clear it thinks something is a bad idea , takes the time to specifically extract itself from it , gets that as an agreement from the remaining members ( and no on its own either ... ) but when it comes down to it is a bastard for not jumping in ? 
  i mean , come on . 
   if that is really the the case , i wish uk would just fuck off already and stop with all the whining . 
  it 's getting really tiring . 
  frankly i 'd love to see the same thing , albeit for different reasons . 
   what would such a plan b even be about ? 
  build a papier-m\u00e2ch\u00e9 replica ? 
  an assessment of the impact of the uk leaving and methods to minimise the impact . 
  essentially the same as what the uk is doing with regard to the eu at the moment ... from the quote it seems like the eu wo n't even entertain the possibility of the uk leaving and so is n't planning for that as an eventuality . 
   it would be helpful if cameron came forward with the kind of post-brexit relationship he would seek if it came to that obviously cameron want 's the uk to remain in the eu , but i agree that a big part of the discussion in the uk should be about what kind of relationship the uk wants anyway , it 's a far better basis for the referendum to be honest . 
   if brussels starts this conversation then the british media will spin it as blackmail . 
  i think that 's unfair , the british media will spin it as blackmail either way . . 
  i was somewhat amused by this article , it makes some valid points on diplomacy , but it seems to utterly miss the notion that a country may have to take into account the interests of it 's own population ( you know , the people in charge ... ) when making decisions ... take this : * cameron refused to pay a penny towards bailouts of euro zone countries , tried to block an eu fiscal pact at the height of the euro crisis to demand veto powers to protect london 's financial industry , and declined to take in any of the syrians stranded on europe 's highways - it is taking only a small number directly from middle east camps .
