  bigger markets are great ( yay for the eu in that sense ) but having real political control close to a reasonably sized population is fairly relevant to people and important . 
  do n't get me wrong , if that looks too cheap , there are always [ options ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2008/apr/11/foodanddrink.consumeraffairs ) ... 
  about # 1.45 so about $ 2 ... * ^ ^ come ^ ^ on ^ ^ - ^ ^ i ^ ^ even ^ ^ used ^ ^ the ^ ^ damn ^ ^ euro ^ ^ symbol ^ ^ which ^ ^ is n't ^ ^ on ^ ^ my ^ ^ nice ^ ^ uk ^ ^ keyboard !, 
  half the problem with this is that you ca n't get solid source confirmations of anything ( national armed forces do n't tend to confirm details ) . 
  however just in the the last few months the us air force has conducted operation over the baltic sea and in eastern europe with b2 and b52 bombers ( from the 509th and 131st bomb wings . ) . . 
  whether they had their transponders on or off i have no idea , but i 'm betting both . 
  the russians have also complained about aircraft near ( and even in ) their airspace without transponders on , blaming the us ( which they would . . ) . 
  chances are they are right , the us ( and others ) are flying strategic bombers and surveillance aircraft near russian air space . 
  and yes , the russians are starting to exercise their forces again after not doing so for a long time , but i 'm not sure what comparing exercise sizes actually means , especially if you exclude lots of multinational exercises outside of what you might call purely the european theatre . . my point is that this should n't be that alarming , that nato continues to maintain a readiness state that includes operations near russia and does so precisely because it is good training and both sides scream and shout when it suits them . 
  so yes i am saying that in all likelihood the us is flying strategic bombers toward russia with transponders off , and that it also carries out massive exercises ( see rimpac and others out of the atlantic theatre ) and so on because that is what they should be doing unless world peace breaks out . . 
  welcome to london ... 
  [ this sort of thing ] ( http://www.aviation.com/military-aviation/militarys-polar-growl-not-directed-country/ ) , plus the various exercises and other things that get reported on focused on russia and china ( whilst claiming they are n't aimed at anyone , or in response to anything ) . 
  obviously us surveillance/spy aircraft and ships ( and see the hainan island incident ) operate right on the limit of territorial waters too ( submarines apparently breach those limits ) and steaming whole aircraft carrier battle groups around , effectively to send messages is also common . 
  it 's not a bad thing ( you need to train air and ship crews , exercise your soldiers and have a good idea of your potential adversaries reaction times and so on ) but you can absolutely make it look like the ` other ' side is being aggressive as hell and you are just being defensive ... 
  and likely still do . 
  lets face it , it 's been happening around russia and china especially , but no doubt elsewhere too for a very long time . 
   i understand , but is there anything preventing an individual country from acting unilaterally outside the scope of the eu ? 
  no , they do it all the time ( see france in mali , the uk generally , the german position on everything from iraq and afghanistan through to libya ) . 
  my point was that europe is essentially a non-existent actor , it 's a collection of states with different interests and capabilities that act when they see the need to . 
  europe collectively does n't really have a mechanism to act as a whole any more than any other collection of states . . 
  to be fair , europe is n't a country and there would be something like a 3 way split in interests and where support would go anyway . . 
  shot dead . . on live tv, 
  i think you entirely missed the point . 
  the two approaches here for stimulus are either to feed it into the banks , in the hope that they will lend it , invest it and otherwise grow the economy with the results of that trickling down to everyone , or to push money to people ( via benefits , tax credits , employer subsidies and a million other things ) the idea being that they spend their money in local businesses and those businesses employ more people , buy more inventory and assets and so the money rises through the economy ... 
  it has nothing to do with charity or giving stuff away at either end , it is the approach that governments take when injecting money ( that they have created ... ) into the economy . 
   the agreement was signed in 2010 , and libya was the dry run . 
  an ango-french agreement ( and yes , raf transports were used in mali , as per the agreement , amongst other things ) . 
   you are right that yes , there wo n't be any such formal thing for a long time , which sort of nixes the whole eu army thing , you would be as able to argue that nato was the eu army on the basis of european involvement , but it is n't there to advance european interests , but mutual defence . 
  the anglo-french agreements are about supporting their own national interests , not joint aims ( and obviously have no relevance to conflicting interests ) . 
   but the uk and french military forces are defacto one and the same these days in many ways . 
  no they really are n't . . 
  they are n't standardised on equipment or training , they do n't have a unified command structure , they do n't share a hierarchy and there are no integrated units . . 
  they are sharing development costs for some new tech , there are agreements in place to reduce costs by working together on certain aspects but they are absolutely not the same in any meaningful way . . 
  not a chance in hell , politically it simply would n't wash in the uk ( at the moment at least ) and practically it would n't work either . 
  i doubt very much that the eu will have anything approaching a formal ` eu army ' any time soon without significant shifts in popular opinion . 
  no , it 's not a law at all , essentially people can agree to settle civil disputes between themselves using whatever kind of arbitration they want , both parties have to agree and the decisions have to be compatible with the law . 
  it 's literally arbitration , or to put it another way , if we saw it as some sort of additional law , or separate legal system we 'd have to look at every type of arbitration in the same way which would obviously be absurd . 
   i do not seem to be getting my point across . 
  because your point seems to conflate rights that the law/government recognises and those that a very small subset of the population might recognise . 
  if i marry someone in a sharia ceremony only , i have the same rights as anyone else ( i do n't give any up or get any new ones ) if i marry someone in a sharia ceremony after doing the various paperwork required to notify and register a wedding , then i have the same rights as any married person . 
  the sharia bit does n't grant anyone any extra rights , the rights are no different , i can go to any court in the land and have my rights upheld ... now , you are right in saying that arbitration can be abused and that a person not fully aware of their rights may feel that they have lost them , or that they have less of them . 
  but that is n't an issue of the law as it stands , that is an issue of perception and potentially misdirection and fraud perpetuated by these panels and the communities around them . 
  it still is n't the law in the uk and peoples rights are n't impacted ( their perception may be ) . 
  simply setting up a ` court ' and declaring its decisions valid does n't make them valid , there are plenty of communities that use arbitration within a religious context ( and many , many more that use it outside of a religious context ) and it works , the process there is fine , the perception and awareness may not be . 
   what rights do the two forms of marriage give to the wife ? 
  neither give any special rights to husband or wife . 
  as i said , the distinction in the uk is generally cohabitation . .  because i read that , under sharia marriage , husband and wife have different rights . 
  even if that were true , it would n't be true in the uk because any rights that one may think or wish that a ceremony bestows is n't going to be recognised ...  for example , the wife can not leave the house without the husband permission . 
  which would be a breach of uk law , so obviously not . 
  you would n't be able to call the police , or sue your wife for leaving the house without your permission and if you tried to force ( even passively ) her to not leave you 'd be breaking the law yourself . 
  so regardless of what rights people may think they have , they would n't be granted any of them through either common law or sharia marriage and of course no-random beliefs would be recognised by the courts or government . 
   is that true for common law marriages ? 
  no , and it is n't for sharia marriages either . 
   am i incorrectly informed when i say that there are areas of sharia law in england ? 
  essentially yes , you are incorrectly informed . 
   what the fuck were they thinking allowing sharia law to exist aside / with english law in the same country ? 
  they allow arbitration to happen within whatever framework people want , as long as it meets the definitions in the legislation and is compatible with uk law and even then obviously only for civil matters . 
   would n't that open up a whole kettle of brewing shit and allow groups of people to assert some kind of other ridiculous laws ? 
  sharia law being a thing in the uk would allow exactly that sort of thing , which is why it should be fairly obvious that it is n't a thing in the uk and never will be ...  if i am incorrectly informed , then carry on . 
  the same for either . 
  none . 
  the law recognises cohabitation to a certain extent ( joint tax credits that sort of thing ) and there are mechanisms for joint ownership , joint banking and all that jazz without getting married . 
  common law marriage has n't been a thing legally for some time , sharia marriage is n't a thing either ( in both cases , you 'd need to file the relevant paperwork and have a ceremony for the state to take notice ) . 
   they knowingly act as judges , which no state should tolerate . 
  so . . contract arbitration goes ? 
  arbitration on employment disputes ? 
  unions ? 
  these are all things where someone makes a decision ( like a judge ) after hearing evidence . . 
  it 's used to help keep things out of the formal legal system ( and make things less expensive for all involved ) and is entirely subject to review by the legal system - you can still go through normal legal channels , you do n't give up your rights by making use of arbitration . .  most legal systems can not be gamed with such plays on words . 
  if you operate a de facto court as seen by common sense , you should go to prison . 
  that 's it . 
  it is legal in the uk , see the arbitration act 1996 amongst other things . . 
  sort of , the cofe has some special privileges when it comes to marriage ( no need to register beforehand , everything is done by the church so you do n't need to deal with a registry office too ) and obviously they are constrained too ( you ca n't have a same sex wedding within the cofe , by law . . ) . 
  but broadly you are absolutely right . 
  to be married in the uk you can have whatever ceremony you like , as long as it is within 28 days of registering your intent to marry and the ceremony meets some requirements you are good to go . 
  it can gets complicated if one of you happens to be a foreign national , and obviously you could get ` married ' with a ceremony that does n't meet uk requirements and therefore be seen as married by your community but not the state , but then that latter would have no impact on your rights as an individual anyway . . 
  not quite in the uk , there are a couple of quirks . 
  for cofe marriages you do n't need to give notice at a registry office in advance and whoever officiates will register the marriage , its essentially a bit different ( you also ca n't have a same sex marriage in an cofe church . ) . 
  the uk has an established church so there are things like church law that have an impact too . 
  well , i suppose that does leave them in a position to potentially put pressure on other parties or have them pick up their positions indirectly , especially if their positions are attractive to voters . 
  out of interest , how major a party is orah and is this an unusual policy in context ? 
  i thought that most eu governments seem to have policies to encourage open source solutions and address document standards/lock in - although their implementation and interpretation seems to vary greatly ... 
  in either case , good to see . 
   you live in a peaceful and prosperous place ? 
  get set for that to change . 
  its not going to change ...  the demand for austerity now is high in many parts of eu . 
  in the uk we have group threatening civil unrest if the payments stop and they already are here . 
  the uk has implemented public sector cuts and major shifts in how the government spends money , but lets face it , the uk does have a functioning welfare state , is living well within its means and pays an absolutely tiny amount to refugees anyway . .  has it crossed your mind that the instigators of the unrest might be the first to get out of the bad situation they create themselves ? 
  quite possibly , but i do n't see the current situation as anything close to an existential threat to any eu state , never mind the uk . 
   if you are so careless , then you can only blame yourself in such dire circumstances for not been given asylum how am i being careless ? 
  i do n't need id and i 'm not expecting some sort of major war to start so ...  ids can be renewed . 
  id 's can also identify you as a member of a group , family , clan , religion or other segment of a society that may face oppression or violence . .  and ids can be photocopied by those flashy iphones and androids that almost all `` refugees '' seem to possess . 
  i 'll take it from your use of quotes around refugees and reference to mobiles that you assume that only poor people , or people without phones can be refugees ? 
   nowadays there is no excuse for not having a proper id . 
  in some places there is no need to carry id , no need for an excuse . 
  for those fleeing war , there are plenty of reasons why someone would n't have an id , all of which are perfectly reasonable . 
  however , some migrants who do n't have the basis for an asylum claim may take advantage of this situation , they may claim to have no id to mask their country of origin or nationality . 
  i do n't really know what the answer to that is , but i do know that simply assuming no id is somehow proof of something nefarious is simply wrong . 
   what , a civilisation more than 5000 years old do not have valid ids ? 
  i do n't have any id because i do n't need it ( i could get some if i wanted some ... ) and i live in a relatively peaceful and prosperous place , if i happened to live in a country torn up by war i can entirely imagine that i might not have id ... hell , my grandmother lost all her documentation in a house fire about 15 years ago in germany , if it can happen there , surely its a possibility fro someone from a country where there is fighting , destruction and general nastiness . .
