  it 's not necessarily an improvement on informal arrangements already in place though , and could now do exactly the opposite of what people pushing for actual neutrality were after ... we broadly are n't better off than we were before . 
  that 's because it 's a recent , one time opt out question . 
  it is n't really an issue ( well , apart from the fact that the filters do n't really work very well , with both false positives and false negatives . . ) in practice , it is an issue in principle . 
  and will force countries with net-neutrality based on informal agreements legislate on the issue , which may well not be a great idea either ... 
   now the eu are forcing their hand to actually make it a law , and no doubt they 'll fuck the law up and the required implementation will be way worse . 
  same with net neutrality too , there is something about leaving well alone unless there is an actual need for legislation , after all , legislation can be a bit of a blunt tool at times , especially when wielded by people who are n't all that clear about the subject they are legislating on . 
  because the porn filters are n't imposed through legislation ... 
  there is n't even legislation mandating porn filters , they are essentially self-regulation and not in place within every isp , never mind not being relevant to net-neutrality or media regulation . . 
  seems to go against the local consensus . . 
  still , what can you do . 
  i 'm not sure why either should be seen as a global issue , although net neutrality comes the closest ( and if the eus directives were actually about delivering technical net neutrality i might be happier . . ) . 
  gm crops might be too , but then globally not eu wide , and currently most of the objections are societal and so more local ( the scientific aspects are n't a problem after all . . ) . 
   but more personal freedoms/human rights for the citizens ai n't one . 
  that is n't necessarily true and it 's one of those things that should be intensely worrying to anyone looking for further harmonisation . 
  the uk does very , ver well when it comes to most areas of justice and indeed in terms of personal freedoms . 
  the direction of travel there over the last few years has been less than positive , but the general trend is still largely positive . 
  i suppose the question you could ask is what personal freedoms has the eu added to the pile that uk citizens have , and which of those has it or is it trying to limit . . 
  no , of course not but it 's the same piece of legislation that 's going to impact the net neutrality agreements the uk has in place and it has to be the principle of the thing . 
  i campaigned against the filters , both on the basis of the negative impact they can have and the fact that they do n't do what they are supposed to , but at the end of the day it should have been dealt with within the uk , not like this and next time it may well not be something that you and i would see as a good thing ... 
  better to deal with the fundamental issue than be grateful when occasionally good things happen , they do n't excuse the bad . 
  air pollution has a global impact so it seems like an appropriate place for countries to work together and agree on ways to tackle that , with penalties in place if that is deemed to work , so to a certain extent that makes sense however the idea that :  if the government does n't care at least eu regulations are in place to steer us in the right direction . 
  is a bit absurd , it assumes the eu would generally push in the ` right ' direction ( it does n't ) or that national governments will always generally be behind the eus position ( they are n't ) . 
  it 's the job of people in the uk to steer the government and for the government to do what is best for people , usually that is within the bounds of a country , sometimes ( air pollution , bilateral trade , arms , aid etc. . ) there is overlap and cooperation makes sense , but not always . 
  it generally comes down to subsidiarity , a national government might make the laws that are used to prosecute criminals , but it 'd be daft if they decided the routes for police officers to patrol when they are out on the beat . . 
  but that 's a decision by an isp ( and i think mobile , which is n't relevant to recent filters anyway and has been in place pretty much since data was available on mobile . . ) not some uk self regulation thing . 
   i think you guys just want something to complain about . 
  well there is plenty . .  this was part of the net neutrality vote , meaning that ` all data has to be treated equal ' and even then the uk government can still amend the legislation to still allow it . 
  right , but we did n't get net neutrality and opt out filters are n't relevant to net neutrality any more than opt in filters are . 
  the bigger problem is that the filters do n't do what they say they will and so do n't achieve their aims anyway but that 's not a breach of net-neutrality and it 's frankly the same issue with parental filters that are put in place via any other means . 
   if this was n't the eu , i doubt you guys would even blink at it . 
  of course not . . 
  the problem is that it is the eu and that this again seems like one of those things where we have n't gained anything , but we are losing control . . that 's not really a good thing . 
  on science and technology , it 's bad enough dealing with a parliament in the uk that is less than entirely capable of making sensible , evidence based decisions . 
  when you throw in the eu doing the same at an eu level above it it makes things worse , not better and on important issues ( like net neutrality , gmo 's and genetic testing etc. . ) . 
  an eu with fewer fingers in fewer pies and more individual state autonomy might be palatable , but where we are heading at the moment ? 
  no thanks . 
  oh and obviously the arguments here - this notion that because the eu possibly , maybe , may cause a little more messing about on porn filters means that any objection to the whole project is somehow much harder to present is beyond juvenile !, 
  i did n't realise that there was a ` here 's the thing ' . 
  not sure how that passed me by ... 
  here 's the thing . 
  the uk porn filters were self regulation by the isps under pressure from government , some of the isps did n't take part and of course it was opt out ... now the arguments for that were poor , but there was a lot of discussion around it and quite a lot of people weighed in on one side or the other . 
  now ( assuming this is correct ) , without any further discussion that policy , one that could absolutely have been dealt with at a national level , one that does n't impact anyone outside of the eu , will be set by the eu ... can you see that regardless of how much i agree that the porn filters are a stupid idea ( opt in or not . . ) , the idea that the eu can demand them removed when they only impact the uk is a bit of a drama . 
  doubly so when it is in a regulation that also waters down the uk 's current self regulatory regime on net neutrality . . 
   have n't people always had to pay to go to college ? 
  no actually , they have n't . 
  in fact prior to the introduction of fees it was entirely possible to attend university without paying tuitions and be in receipt of means tested maintenance grants . 
  the expansion of university access meant either spending more on higher education or finding other ways to pay for it , as a result the uk ended up with fees . 
   and if nobody complains the courts will never be asked to enforce the matter . 
  that just happens with legislation : it 's not always formally changed , sometimes practices and interpretation changes and then a century or two later people point `` look at this silly absurd law '' . 
  but the courts have and done repeatedly ... 
  the point here being that the eu is not at liberty to define it 's own competencies or to interpret them as it sees fit . 
  national courts have and will reign the eu in and parliaments have the power to do the same ( and may have more power in that regard if some of the envisaged changes to eu institutions come through . . ) . 
   where do you get the idea that people are somehow `` forced '' into a federal superstate ? 
  that seems more to be like a rape fantasy than anything real . 
  i do n't think people will be ( i do n't think we 'll have a federal state . . ) , but you keep suggesting that it is both inevitable and entirely possible and valid without oversight or the objections of individual member states ... 
   it 'll be down to the entire political apparatus to decide , from adults citizens over national institutions to eu institutions , effectively . 
  no , its down to national courts , the german and french constitutional courts in the first instance . . then likely parliaments ( although they could act first . . ) . 
  that is how it is set up ... 
  the eu institutions have no mandate to interpret the extent of their own competencies ...  a devolution which is entirely unimpressive when you look at countries that are really federally constructed , eg . 
  germany , switzerland , belgium , ... 
  if you 're used to that level of decentralization then the uk 's concern with keeping it local seems more like a pretext than a serious commitment , from that viewpoint . 
  again , this comes down to what people want and what powers they want to see where . 
  it may not be what you 'd like to impose , but given that there have been recent moves to devolve more and an objection to that i 'm not sure what argument you could make to force people to accept something else ... 
   what i meant is that you do n't need to start from nothing in every country , if there 's a group around an issue somewhere , other places can build on that work . 
  and that is far more complex , harder to achieve and more of a problem in an eu context . 
  it is vastly easier to do at a national level . 
   secondly , if states have their own internal compromise and then need to compromise on the international stage . . 
  they do n't have to compromise on the international stage on the vast majority of things . 
  if anything the eu seems to push for pan-eu compromise where it is unnecessary ... 
  it is n't relevant to the polish or german governments whether someone in the uk is seen by a doctor or a nurse ...  and after all , here we are discussing the same issues in this very subreddit . 
  that simply would n't happen to that extent if every state had different timetables and political framings and different content of those laws . 
  which is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  there is n't any need for the whole world to come to the same point ... 
  there is value in diversity and showing that things work and that things do n't have to be shit . .  i agree , but that also applies to large states . 
  so you would have to support splitting up the uk , to bring goverment from london closer to the people . 
  the uk has multiple levels of government , if there was demand for it to be split up it would ( but there is n't at present . . ) . 
  i do n't * have * to support anything , i do thing subsidiarity is a good thing but the uk has that with it 's current arrangements , and those arrangements are in line with what people in the uk want . .  personally i think a europe of regions would be the best compromise ( with municipality/town - region - eu ) as the three main levels , since it 's inevitable to come to some kind of agreement at the continental level in the 21st century , so it 's really not optional . 
  no , it is n't inevitable and frankly it is optional . 
  without the support of everyone in all of those regions it is n't possible , and would face significant political ( and probably other . . ) opposition if it were pushed without that consent . . 
   what is sovereignty ? 
  an administrative convention . 
  it 's not a natural fact . 
  erm , it 's authority , the eu does n't have it , the members states do in practice and in theory so ... pretty important . 
   parliaments tend to take their status as representative meeting of the people quite serious . 
  indeed , but utterly irrelevant . 
   the eu budget is still at 1-2 % . 
  the scope for expansion is much larger . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  the eu budget does have scope for expansion , and there is at least as much scope for division too ... 
  that article is really quite odd in the way it references tax credits and indeed seems quite partial in the way it presents the situation in the uk ... not what i expected from a reuters news piece . 
  this manages to be wrong on so many levels . . 
  i do n't think anyone is n't aware of it and i think it 's a bit of a pointless comparison in any case , but it is relevant because quite a few people in the uk are n't aware of it and it has been one of those things that we have seen being used as an argument for leave . 
   technically the uk did but personally i think there should have been the necessity to do so . 
  technically , people resident in scotland did , and how on earth could a referendum on self governance include those who would n't end up under that new government ? 
  its about self determination after all . . 
  if scotland wants independence , that is up to people in scotland , not anyone else , if catalonia wants independence , the same is true there , it is up to the catalonia , not the entire spanish population ... 
  on net neutrality is was ... 
   on the contrarcy , it 's easier to gather a critical mass of people for an issue that would otherwise be too small to organize around . 
  i 've done it , on ipred , on acta , on a whole range of issues , it 's harder , more expensive , more open to lobbying , less representative and frankly less transparent . 
  so no , it 's not easier .
