  and we are talking about invading an independent state . 
  like russia did to georgia or ukraine . 
  the uk has invaded a few countries globally in the last few decades ... 
  it certainly could clash with russia in syria or similar . 
  or if we have increased tensions over something there is always the possibility of a clash at sea ( same goes for france . . ) . 
  poland could carry out exercises , say troop landings near gdansk and end up in a clash with russian marines if their navigation goes to pot or one side or the other crosses a line . . all of the countries i mentioned could attack someone big enough to start a war , but both sides of any conflict would have every incentive to back down too . . 
  the consequences of an outright conflict are simply too horrifying . 
   i suppose stupid is n't the world . 
  weak would be a better word . 
  incapable of backing bark with bite . 
  all of which again is sort of beyond the point when it comes to retaliation . 
  for me at least , the only valid reasons would be ones that provided a military advantage or at least some positive outcome for the uk , that could mean blunting a second strike , removing the leadership of the country that carried out the attack and so on . 
  doing it because of how it looks , or foreign perception seems silly if mad has failed . . 
  does n't help that the uk would pretty much cease to exist if it were involved in anything like a moderate scale exchange with the likes of russia . 
  it 's something of a different discussion when you might be able to fight on as a nation , something else entirely if your population is pretty much entirely dead . . militarily , it 'd probably be more useful to consider what the impact would be on whoever ends up taking control of our strategic forces and troops around the world , because there 'll be nothing for them to come home to . 
   but we 'd look stupid if we did n't retaliate . 
  i suppose the argument from some would be that killing several tens of millions of people might be an excessive way to show that one is n't stupid . 
  especially once your deterrent has failed and given that the loss of london does n't lose you the ability to use your nuclear weapons later . 
  personally i think i 'd want to see a strike against military and leadership targets as soon as viable after an all out attack by nuclear weapons against the uk , i think i could even live with the consequences , but i also understand that many people simply could not . 
  you have to respect that to a certain extent , the desire not to kill millions , especially in the context of the uk where even a limited nuclear exchange , even one largely targeted on legitimate targets would kill 95 % + of the population . 
  you can make a fairly compelling argument to say that at that point it 's all over anyway . . as to retaliating like for like after a single nuclear strike , the potential for escalation seems insane with dire consequences , especially if there are any other options open . 
  in the context of a single nuclear weapon being used against a military target , followed immediately by a climb down and offer of peace , a full on retaliation is essentially suicide , you do n't gain anything and potentially lose an awful lot more . . 
  i suppose the best we can do is hope these are n't calculations we ever actually have to make , and at least from the uk side at least i can be pretty sure that if they are ever made , i wo n't see the results . 
  it may seem like the most likely to start wwiii ( although actually i 'm not convinced . . ) but hardly the only one capable of doing so . 
  france , turkey , poland , georgia or even the uk could all feasibly start wwiii , i can put a scenario together for any of those states to initiate a war by losing control of an incident , or escalating something beyond the point of no-return . 
  i doubt that any european countrymight want to start wwiii , which is really what it comes down to . . 
  depends on whether the passports are legitimate , but yes , if they have citizenship then they would indeed be british citizens . 
  it 's probably not the most relevant part of their national identity when it comes to shipping arms across a border , after all , normally one would expect much larger quantities from a british group . . 
   if i was you i 'd always do exactly the opposite of what nigel farage wants me to do . 
  doing the same thing for some very different reasons is perfectly valid , plus he seems to do things like drink beer , eat and breathe , i quite like doing those things too . 
  however you do make one very important point :  but then again : he is all in with his position that will basically cost him his well paying job in the european parliament . 
  one of the less appreciated benefits of the uk leaving the eu will be likes of farage and his ukip colleagues losing their jobs and much of their platform , coupled with the eventual demise of ukip !, 
  if that is n't a reason to vote leave i do n't know what is !, 
  and any other weekend . . 
   on the voting day still , a lot of people might end up voting yes if they do n't know which one to vote . 
  and quite a few will vote no , but i 'd assume more of those who do n't have a preference will simply not vote . . 
   they 're stupid and wrong having different aims and different aspirations does n't make someone stupid or wrong . 
  picking a side in a debate like this one based on false information , a gut feeling or an expected outcome that simply wo n't happen could be either or both ... 
  if you are at the point where a government does n't help you with the problem , it does n't matter whether it is a gang , a government or a company doing it though . . 
   after a few generations we might be much closer than now and being part of the eu will make a lot more sense to them . 
  then in a few generations it might be time for the uk to look again at its relationship with the eu and other european countries - but lets face it , the uk has ost some of its global outlook and capacity because of it 's eu membership , and at a time when global trade has been booming . 
  an internationalist outlook is a good thing , trying to tie oneself into a particular reason and to couple economic endeavour with political and social is just not really appropriate . 
  and we 'll see that if the uk votes to remain part of the eu more than if it leaves , support for further integration wo n't come from the uk , opposition will , the uk wo n't join schengen , it wo n't join the euro , it wo n't allow the eu to become a federal state ... that 's what that difference in outlook means after all . .  the big reason as to why to integrate the european countries was to prevent future wars . 
  but : we do have the internet now . 
  a brit is n't what german propaganda tells me anymore . 
  same goes for the other way around . 
  and even the legacy of the wars that drove change to ` prevent war ' is different in the uk . 
  the uk was n't invaded , it was n't occupied , during or after the second world war . 
  the uk has a continuity that for far too many eu states , is broken during wwii and it 's cultural and historical view of that war , and wwi is very different than other eu states . 
  that causes problems when you talk about the need for union to prevent war . 
  i 'd argue that nato is far more important in terms of peace in europe than the eu is or ever will be , whilst i 'm sure you 'd take a different view . . 
  i said lots of countries , not all of them . 
  belgium seems to be special ( even for things like voluntary associations and clubs ... ) . . germany seems to be quite painful too though . . 
  indeed , although if you look at europe generally , i think it seems fairly clear that the eu was n't the key driver in progress , it certainly has n't been the key in ensuring that countrie can regulate effectively . 
  there have been some pretty massive negative drags on progress in europe in the last 100 years , from several world wars , a long cold one , the whole iron curtain thing , some dictators , a bit of fascism and so on . 
  that did n't apply to all countries though , some really were quite effective for quite a long time before the eu came about . 
  france , the uk , finland , norway and even exciting and innovative places like belgium all managed to work nationally and internationally before the eu . 
  the obvious point is that not all countries are the same , and , it will depend on which the op is talking about to be able to discuss those points with him , but it 's fair to say that quite a few countries were indeed ` fine ' before the eu came about , and most would be fine if the eu disappeared , or had n't existed too . 
  as to getting somewhere from different starting points , take something like protections for workers , i think its fair to say that the laws around that in the uk have evolved fairly steadily since the 1300 's , for a country like poland you might point to events in 1989 as being a catalyst for more radical change ... and things do n't remain static , and they do n't always steadily march forward to some pre-destined point either , there tends to be give and take . . 
  anyway . . 
  its a bit sad that the parent is being down-voted without rebuttal , if for no other reason than it should be pretty clear that his point is correct . 
  if you look at many of the positive reforms that we have seen since the eu has come into being , you will note that there are similar reforms in place in countries that are n't part of the eu , and are n't part of a union ... 
  various environmental protections are pretty clear examples , there are lots of countries that have effective environmental regulations , they do n't require the eu . 
  same goes for worker protections , consumer protection and a whole slew of other areas . 
  if you take the time you can draw lines from where countries where in these areas to where they are now and see that the progress that has been made does n't start at the foundation of the eu , but well before it ( in some cases well before the turn of the last century ... ) and they will no-doubt continue afterwards too . . 
  the eu has seen many positive changes through , that 's a good thing , it 's certainly better than the alternative , but lets not pretend that european states would have done things massively differently on these kinds of issues , at most some would have been faster and some slower , and no-doubt some of the regulatory approaches would have been more tailored to domestic political opinion and need , but as with the previous periods of progress , we would have seen more . 
  absolutely , but still a disaster for those states . 
   in the worst case , a government can take your money or your freedom without you having any recourse . 
  corporations do not have that sort of power . 
  to be fair , at that point it 's just a force disparity argument , and the entity taking your money and/or freedom can just as easily be a government as it is a corporation or a gang . . 
  i 'm mostly amused at the selection of issues he picks on as being no longer be resolvable only within our borders . 
  he lists some seriously ` grave threats to our welfare and our lives : climate change and the collapse of the living world ; the spread of epidemics whose vectors are corporations ( obesity , diabetes and diseases associated with smoking , alcohol and air pollution ) ; the global wealth-grab by the very rich ; antibiotic resistance ; terrorism and conflict . ', 
  most of those issues are either global , or currently dealt with through institutions other than the eu ( and often broader than the eu . . ) . 
  the issues with global wealth are n't going to be addressed by the eu either , or at least not on the current basis . 
  so the argument is delivered stillborn . 
  it 'd have been far more interesting to hear how an eu could be reformed to deliver more in some of these areas , rather than assuming that if it 's a global issue , that being part of a bloc is going to somehow be better than working together with other nations globally ( like we do in science , health , defence and a host of other areas . . ) . 
  to be fair , most of them were coming out of a total disaster that was a collapsed , failed union . . 
  and a greater tool to be used by corporations . . look at the us and tell me that there is any guarantee that the eu will be effective in this area . . 
  the assumption that a particular policy direction will continue regardless is absurd , how do you think the eu will be used when there is a majority of right wing governments in play , or when the parliament is made up of people who have to spend lots of money to compete in elections ... 
  looking at the timelines , the preliminary investigation concerning suspected rape was discontinued by in august , but that decision was pretty much immediately appealed by the attorney representing the two women and then reversed . 
  it was after that , not before , that assange was questioned by the police in stockholm and after being questioned he left sweden ( whilst the investigation was ongoing ) . 
  it was because he left sweden that the prosecutor had to obtain a european arrest warrant ( note that assange appealed the issuing of that warrant to the fullest ) , and then obviously he fought extradition too , and then skipped bail ... 
  they did n't drop the case , they withdrew the arrest warrant , it seems he was questioned as part of an ongoing investigation and then left the country and travelled to london . 
  ( that 's based on the timelines i 've seen , if there is a better one i 'd be interested in seeing it . . ) . 
  yeah , i 've seen this , and variations on it repeatedly . 
  what i do n't understand is why you 'd see the charges as bogus on the back of it . . are you suggesting perhaps that you ca n't molest someone if you buy them breakfasts oats ? 
  or that someone ca n't have been sexually assaulted if they do n't immediately throw them out . . again , we all know that there are issues with the reporting of sex crimes , does this fall into that category rather than the category of ` bogus ' ? 
  i think the charges have been both trivialised ( by people like you . . ) and exaggerated ( notably by american politicians ... ) but to utterly dismiss a sexual assault on the basis of what you have written here is daft on your part . 
  essentially , by taking the above as evidence that the charges are bogus you seem to be suggesting that women who are sexually assaulted by a boyfriend or a husband would likely be pursuing bogus charges if they filed them after the fact , or if they approached the police , or doctors in any other way , anyone who changes their mind about reporting a crime of this type presumably would have no credibility in your view either ... 
  i can think of rather a lot of scenarios under which the above still ends with a conviction for assault , and justifiably so . 
  but i 'd argue that without talking to the victims and the accused party that 's almost impossible to determine , but i certainly ca n't rule it out as bogus , it 's impressive that you can . 
  could you maybe explain how , in your view , the charge looks completely bogus ? 
  your doctor clearly does n't know me very well . . 
   if the charge is bogus , it 's bogus no matter who the subject is ... 
  agreed , but the charge does n't appear to be bogus so it 'd simply be someone skipping bail after losing an extradition hearing , to face charges of varying degrees of sexual assault ... 
  in peace ? 
  not a chance . 
  but i can recommend a good rant once in a while . . 
  but you do n't pay every time you use stuff like roads , and other public infrastructure , your police and fire services respond if you call them and so on and so forth . 
  so it sort of balances out . .
