  these are however pretty poor reasons . 
  there are of course idealists and ideologues who see a federal eu as a counterpoint to the us as a superpower , there are no doubt many people out there who have a range of reasons why they want to see a united , federal ( or similar . . ) europe . 
  but i would argue that they are a minority in far too many eu member states for that to be achievable even in the mid term ( frankly , probably not at all ) . 
  what is frankly frightening is the number of people who are vocal on these issues advocating less than democratic approaches , frankly it seems that getting to the point of a european superstate seems more important than how we might get there . . 
  personally i think a multi-speed europe is possible , i think the eu needs to bring countries along and bring them together in a manner that is n't coercive , and i 'd argue that the eu is too big to be some sort of monolithic democracy ( you 'd end up with autonomous regions , breakaways , and all the other issues with a massive population being shoehorned into a single political entity where it simply is n't appropriate . . ) . 
  so we need to find something that works , something that people agree on and something that may well not be a federal eu state . 
  it is and it is n't , its has to be done for grant provision anyway ( and used to be done much more for support ) , many universities will carry out an interview , so at most it add some time onto that selection process . 
  yes it 'll cost more to provide , yes that will make it significantly less attractive as a model for private providers of a service , but it would make sure targeted money actually went to those that needed it . . 
  ping me a link when you do !, 
  and this is why you need case by case assessments and grants from the actual universities , not tick box exercises that seem to get skewed badly and not do all that they might . . 
   the point is that all you 've described is irrelevant if the economic and fiscal policy of it all is decided in emergency meetings . 
  to pretend there is no policy to be made is , in light of recent events , rather bold . 
  i suppose i 'd ask two questions , the first is whether monetary union has actually delivered significant benefits to all it 's members , when compared to those on the outside of the union . 
  essentially whether the single market is enough ( and so you can set aside the massive complications that the euro provides ) . 
  the second is why any state looking at the euro and the way ( as you point out ) fiscal policy is bodged on the fly would think it were a good idea to expand that or expand fiscal union outside of it . 
  personally i do n't care that much about the euro . 
  i do n't think it 's that important to the union , and more importantly i 'm not sure that the potential risks that accompany it are worth risking the rest of the union . 
  i 'd also argue that at present it seems a lot like the euro is a significant source of bad blood between states . 
  i ca n't see a terribly great way of dealing with that between sovereign states . . 
  but as i said , that aside , i do n't think fiscal union outside of the monetary union makes any sense at all and i do n't think ever closer union is good for anyone . . 
  yeah ... 
  except the eu is n't on the course to become a federal superstate in anything like the medium term , there are essentially no comparisons to draw . 
  although opposition to that kind of drive would be interesting , i assume it would range from brexit style exits through to . . 
  i do n't know , i 'd say civil war , but i do n't think our respective national governments would bow to eu pressure so i ca n't really see it . 
   it 's more like , `` half-assed integration is n't working '' . 
  possibly , but maybe someone should be looking at what people actually want from the eu , eurozone and associated groupings rather than just stumbling from crisis to crisis with each one being used as an exscuse to push an agenda of ever closer union . . 
  i honestly ca n't see the uk giving up monetary or fiscal control to the eu or to anyone else for that matter in the time frame you are talking about . 
  i do n't think there are many upsides and for an economy the size and type of the uk with a stable currency . 
  it seems counter productive to join a group of other states , swapping democratic and local control for what ? 
  control by external institutions making decisions on the basis of what is best for a group rather than the uk ? 
   are you really so blind that you ca n't understand that eu needs a fiscal union to accompany the monetary union ? 
  the eurozone might , the eu certainly does n't ... 
  there is absolutely no sense in handing any kind of fiscal control to the eu for any country not already embroiled in the single currency . 
  there has been a huge amount of harmonisation , and a fair amount of compromise . 
  on that basis there has been a lot of integration , you can move from a job in the uk to one in germany to one in ireland , you can live in one state and bank in another , you can buy goods from anywhere in the union without being messed about , knowing you are protected as a consumer . 
  was n't that a big part of what this was all about ? 
  i realise that some people ( like the parent ) want to see close political union , a federal europe etc. . but that does n't seem to be that popular a notion . 
  there is no real driving need for closer integration for non eurozone states ( and there are some good arguments for massive reform of the eurozone , that might include more integration , more centralisation . . ) . 
   if you ask me , this crisis is a failure of the nation state model and proves more than ever that we need a federation integration is n't working !, 
  lets fix it by forcing much more integration ? 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
   this means , bp/shell/total bosses/executives have attended meetings with russian officials , even when russia was sending troops/helicopters into ukraine . 
  the big oil group ( and quite a lot of other oil companies ) only care about profits , and all know russia is the best method of transporting oil/gas/energy into major markets such as europe and asia . 
  well between that , the massive human rights abuses and not caring one bit about operating out of countries that are almost comically evil you probably wo n't find that many people surprised at this notion . . . 
   so , in other words , it is not a matter of principle . 
  it was fine to use uk money to bail out ireland but it is not fine to use it to bail out greece . 
  case by case decisions . 
  absolutely ... 
  different states have different requirements , different levels and avenues of support available to them and so on . 
  of course they will be dealt with on a case by case basis . 
  the eu has n't responded in the same way to each failing economy either , nor has the eurozone looked to intervene outside of the eurozone . . 
  but again , the issue here is the reported unilateral attempt to reverse an agreement and claim it would n't apply as it was simply a political accord . .  we heard similar media criticism about austerity not being viable in the cases of spain , italy and others . 
  yet years have proved those media wrong . 
  spain and italy are still tanking pretty hard and have massive structural and employment issues . . 
  austerity has n't worked there either . . amusingly ` austerity ' in the uk has n't actually reduced public spending or debt and i ca n't think of anywhere that has voluntarily seen the kinds of cuts that greece has seen . . 
   well , one way of showing solidarity would have been not to have an automatic negative knee-jerk reaction to a mere mention of possibility that eu money might be used as collateral for a greek loan for a few weeks . 
  except the wider issue for the uk on this issue would be the unilateral setting aside of an agreement that was important to the uk . . as to ireland , the uk had more exposure , and a lot of the support provided was requested ... not surprising given the ties between the uk and ireland . 
   the words you use to describe individuals in eu institutions are subjective . 
  it is your right to use them , but it is very difficult to argue with how people feel about someone . 
  my perception of the events is different and i feel that the eu institutions acted as responsibly as they could , under the circumstances . 
  i suppose the important question then would be whether you feel that the reputation of the euro-zone in particular and eu institutions in general have been improved or harmed over the last few weeks . 
   a traitor role . 
  how ... ? 
   i am talking about the wider issue of the uk refusal to show solidarity for an eu member state . 
  the uk supported greece through the various mechanisms available to it , greece did n't ask the uk for help directly and frankly it got fucked hard enough by the troika to make the question of exactly who was showing solidarity fairly pertinent . . 
  but i digress , what solidarity was the uk supposed to show ? 
  how could it have shown it ? 
  the uk does n't hold very much greek debt , it is not a eurozone member and the imf already provided support . . or is the uk now required to carry out some sort of unilateral action too ? 
  the issue here is n't one of solidarity , it is n't about a hysterical media either , it is about arrogant , self aggrandising and frankly ego-driven absurdity from select individuals within eu institutions . 
  i mean seriously , the last few weeks have done more harm to the credibility and image of the eu than anything else i can think of , and why ? 
  what benefit did we see ? 
   of course . 
  it is over principles , not money , that the uk refuses to show solidarity with a fellow member state . 
  this is n't about not showing solidarity though is it . 
  as reported , this would be about whether an agreement made between the uk and eu holds any weight , if it does n't ( and lets face it , it remains to be seen . . ) then it hardly bodes well . 
  the eu , exists because of agreement between sovereign states , much like the issues with the greece negotiations , it 's threatened by a potential lack of trust between those countries . 
  i 'm sure you can see how the apparent setting aside of an agreement , one that was important politically for the uk , would damage trust ... 
   yes , using a small part of the eu budget as a collateral for a loan to tide greece ... no , the issue would be the appearance that an agreement within the eu is n't worth the paper it 's written on . 
  they 'll refuse entry to the people you are trying to dump on them . . 
   that implies you caught them just on the border . 
  or can identify the route they took into the country sure . 
   so , what is the status of those who are scared to declare their country of origin ? 
  illegal immigrant generally ... 
  if you do n't have a valid visa or some other right to be somewhere , and you are n't going to claim asylum there is n't much else . .  i was talking of people who requested asylum , got a rejection , went far to other country that rejects them too and sent them back to the first country . 
  my point would be that you may or may not ( depends on the country ) be able to apply for asylum on the same grounds a second dime , even when having been deported from somewhere else . 
   money . 
  do n't now actual mechanism but iirc in eu there are funds for those kind of immigrants . 
  really ? 
  as far as i am aware there is the integration fund , which is eu wide and 3.1 bn euros over 7 years ( which is n't a lot of money at all , # 312 million/year across 28 member states ... ) . 
   yes , those guys are one of the reasons for this fence afaik . 
  right , but given they would be coming from a safe country , you do n't have to deport them back to syria , just back to the country they entered yours from . .  so , they would n't get any document to fill in if they do n't speak up their country of origin ? 
  they would n't be able to start an asylum process , as they would n't be able to give any grounds for an asylum claim , so no . 
   i just notice that , if they could n't be deported , that asylum denial means nothing in legislative manner if that was someone 's first asylum demand . 
  what ? 
   only countries which denied asylum as the second or more in tbe row actually have legislative to fire upon rejection ( send them to the country where asylum was first time asked ) . 
  erm , usually you can appeal a decision , but if you have your asylum claim rejected you get deported , you generally ca n't make a second attempt without re-entering the country . 
  in either case you 'd be deported . 
  yes , but iirc there are brand new stimulative mechanisms implemented lately for specifically people like them . 
  and what measures are these ? 
   imho syria and none are difficult to implement .
