  will be valuable negotiation point for politicians especially when lot of uk \u00b4 s `` shitty jobs '' are done by immigrants/foreign labor . 
  i would be willing to bet we 'd end up with a visa waiver system , less automatic access to the job market on arrival , but access to everything if you have work in the uk and that this would be bilateral . 
  i seriously ca n't see anything less working . 
   if eu decided that anyone travelling into eu needs to have permit/visa that would hamper uk \u00b4 s business pretty hard while eu is big enough to handle the problem without too much problems . 
  yes . . but again , it 'd be a bit of a pointless exercise and would do damage in both directions with no gain . 
  so why bother ? 
   uk would be in serious shortage of workers soon ( in 1-2 years time ) and eu would have lots of extra workers that could be hired for other projects inside eu ( with shittier pay of course ) . 
  if the uk decided it needed more immigration it would have almost no problem in supporting that from the commonwealth and the us ... 
  lets face it , there are more skilled migrants out there who want to come to the uk than can currently get a visa ( for non eu citizens . . ) . 
   i remain convinced that a brexit will be majorly harmful for the uk , while being just a mild inconvenience for the rest of the eu . 
  you clearly do n't agree . 
  i do n't think there is any evidence to support the idea that it would be majorly harmful so it seems like a mistake to make that assumption . 
  i think it would be counter-productive for both and there have to be better solutions !, 
  that said , the position of people in the uk and other parts of the eu regarding the scale , speed and level of union does have to be taken into consideration , federalism does n't currently have anything like sufficient support in quite a few eu states , so it 's probably not a good idea to push for anything on that scale until there is some sort of demand ... 
  interesting times . . 
   it was n't the issue but it was a central issue , top 5 at least . 
  it was certainly an issue ( actually more of one because of the way the eu responded and the various leaks ) but i do n't think it 'd be important enough to get the kind of swing needed . . 
  remember that the last referendum came during a recession , with a tory government in power and whilst there were fairly brutal cuts occurring to public provision of services and so on . 
  i 'm not sure it would provide the kind of swing needed to move the result to yes on independence ... 
  i 'd also point out that polling indicates that 43 % of scots would vote yes to leaving the eu ... 
   yep , but uk has exposure on german and france etc. 
  debt and those countries could face severe hardships after greece default and uk would suffer with them . 
  lets say that german and france buying-power falls like 30 % uk would have trouble after that , right ? 
  yes of course , but the uk would have the same exposure and issues from within the eu . 
  what i 'm saying is that eu membership is not a guarantee of protection against a collapse initiated by the default of an eu member . .  pro-federal europe people will see uk leaving as traitorous act and if they are in power when those negotiations start ... all i say good luck to try get even 1 pro-uk bit on the deal . 
  situation will of course be different if anti-federation forces are in power . 
  i suppose there are two responses to that , firstly , it 'd be infantile and generally governments and politicians are more interested in impact and the reality of the situation , there would be no need for the eu to harm itself in trying to punish a member for leaving . . 
  in fact it 'd be counter productive . 
  secondly if that were the case , the uk should leave the eu , the risk of remaining in an organisation where dissent could be seen as traitorous and potentially lead to direct action by other members to harm another would be absurd . 
   yep , uk enjoys that with usa not eu and eu is not that likely to allow deal like that to happen if uk leaves eu . 
  yes it is ? 
  there are far too many eu citizens living in the uk ( and who will remain in the uk ... ) and uk citizens living in the eu for it not to ... 
  this is n't suddenly going to be an issue . 
   if tipp is passed in eu-parliament and commission i think that there will be lot of eu-nation that will think of leaving eu/ez and that may result of dissolving of eu/ez . 
  given that every state effectively has a veto ( effectively any state could refuse to ratify . 
  if they refused to put it forward for ratification , then it does not go through . 
  and ttip is dead . . ) i ca n't see that , plus the eu is n't insane . . 
   i fully agree that trade between the eu and britain would still happen even if the latter exited the former . 
  however , it would be on different terms when britain leaves the eu - certainly worse ones than are currently in place . 
  why ? 
  the trend in trade agreements is the removal of barriers anyway , i honestly ca n't see the terms of uk/eu trade being any worse there is simply no gain to either side to introduce barriers or access to markets . 
  it might be different if the uk were looking to implement changes that would raise barriers , but i ca n't see that happening either . 
  and it 's probably worth noting that the uk is germany 's third largest export destination , i ca n't see germany doing anything that harms it 's economy in the way of introducing barriers ... 
  the biggest potential issue that the uk would face would arguably relate to labour force access ( less access to the eu wide labour force ) but people are actively calling for that now ... 
  i 'd argue it 's a mistake , but hey , you ca n't claim that people do n't realise that it 'd be an issue . 
  and even there i assume there would be a small change and new arrangement rather than wholesale dismantling . 
   and the british people should be aware of this . 
  they need to know that a vote to exit the eu is a vote for raised prices , lower income and higher taxes . 
  i 'm sorry , why does it mean raised prices , lower income and higher taxes ? 
  it does n't necessarily mean any of those things at all ...  it would mean lost jobs , companies moving out of britain and to germany or the netherlands and general economic hardship for britain . 
  again , that is incredibly unlikely the flexibility is n't there and the advantages are n't there for the companies in question . 
  the same argument was made with regard to the uk not being part of the euro - and as it was last time , it 's mostly scaremongering ... 
  yes there will be an impact , it 'd likely be fairly minor , the biggest problems are probably going to relate to labour force access and potential regulatory costs , but again , minor . .  to counter that , there would be savings in terms of payments going to the eu , but that would n't balance out - it would be a net loss for britain . 
  the number of people bothered by the cost of the eu is tiny compared to the people concerned about ever closer union , immigration and a host of other issues ... it 's not a lot of money ...  to be clear that is n't meant as a threat to scare british voters to stay in the eu , it is just a fact of how the economic will play out . 
  well , clearly it is given that the picture you paint simply is n't backed by the facts at all , nor is it likely . 
  it 's purely about suggesting that bad things will happen if the uk acts like a ` traitor ' . .  the reality is that the eu , by virtue of creating a single market , generates value for its members above and beyond the total contribution of all member states . 
  and britain gets its share of that generated value . 
  absolutely , and the uk wants to be part of the single market , and like other non-eu states , can be ...  given the most recent uk election and the success of the scottish national party , i can guarantee there will be a call for a referendum . 
  and after the uk got to vote on the eu , exactly what grounds would there be to deny it ? 
  there might be a call for a referendum , ( although given there has just been one there may be little appetite for it in the short term , so the realities of a uk outside of the eu would be felt first - which means that it wo n't be about scaremongering and a potential exit , but based on the impact ) . 
  there is no guarantee at all that the referendum would result in scottish independence . 
   you argue at various points that we can not predict the future . 
  and this is true . 
  in the end , all predictions about the future is basically looking into a magic 8-ball . 
  however , we can make an educated guess . 
  and that educated guess says , when asked about the future of the uk outside of the eu : `` outlook not so good '' again , not really . 
  the uk 's path would simply be different . 
   ;d sure they can stay in uk as they are uk ha , obviously one of those should have been eu . . too many tla 's . .  i think that uk will put together decent deal from their perspective but from eu point of view those negotiations are with `` traitor '' ... 
  seriously ? 
  i doubt that a lot ... leaving the eu is n't a traitorous act , far from it if that is what the view of the population is . 
  i mean come on . .  and if germany and france both decide uk is not worth changing any eu-rules they dont have to . 
  the uk represents , a fifth of the eu 's current gdp , it has a larger economy than france and is n't far behind germany ( and yeah , those three economies essentially make up 3/5ths of the eu economy . . 
  they are huge trading partners , they have significant links in all areas , they are absolutely not going to throw a hissy fit either way ...  also uk-companies would be hit with tariffs same tariffs that usa is trying to get rid of with tipp-deal that is not progressing too smoothly in eu-commission and parliament . 
  oh come on , the uk and us enjoy bilateral agreements on trade and travel at the moment ( same with canada and others ) the special relationship may not be that special , but uk/us trade and agreements to support it are not at risk and the uk has done pretty well out of that ( as has the us . . ) for a long time . 
  ttip is borderline in what it may achieve and arguably more of a reason not to be part of the eu than to be part of one in terms of perceptions . .  i think that greece will be solved in couple of years with result of default that will send all eu nations and some other players in europe in to new depression ( incl . 
  uk , usa and russia ) and that will make uk suffer also even if they were not part of eu or ez . 
  i seriously doubt that . . 
  the uk has almost no exposure to greek debt now and is far more circumspect , the biggest risk the uk has is exposure via the eu and financial services , in both cases the eu is not going to help prevent issues in this area ( and say , joining the euro or handing over fiscal policy to the eu would hardly make it easier for the uk to deal with any risk . 
  possibly , but i 'm not sure that 's true for anyone bar those shouting loudly about immigration . 
   i do n't mean to say that it should be used as a threat ( which i agree is not productive ) . 
  i simply mean that it should made be clear to the people voting in the referendum that they are not going to get all the advantages with none of the disadvantages , but that it comes as a package deal . 
  but the uk can negotiate with the eu , it can and would still trade with europe , it likely would be able to put together a fairly decent deal . . 
  it 'd be absurd to ignore that , especially given the campaign that supports the uk remaining in the uk will likely make exactly that case , that the uk should remain part of the eu and get a better deal . . 
  the ` no ' camp are the only people who could possibly benefit from what you suggest . 
   if the british people are presented with a `` leave or not '' vote without it being made clear what the economic consequences will be , it would falsely give the impression that there is no cost to leaving . 
  the consequences are going to be explained by various different groups based on what they think they are going to be . 
  to be honest , no-one really knows what they will be anyway . 
  will there be economic consequences ? 
  probably some , there may be gains , it may be about the same ...  if the uk votes to leave the eu , scotland can immediately open a new referendum to leave the uk , since circumstances clearly changed . 
  they might be able to make that argument , there is no guarantee that there would be another referendum quite so soon , and even less of a guarantee that it would result in a vote for independence . .  one of the key `` no independence '' arguments after all was that scotland would not be part of the eu anymore . 
  there were lots of arguments , i do n't think the eu membership aspect was actually that important ( i think the economic and monetary arguments , plus a whole host of more direct unionist positions were far more important . . ) . 
   with that argument gone , and many scots seeing their european dreams destroyed , i think the chances of scotland remaining in the uk are slim to none . 
  after the last few months , greece and so on , i would n't put money on it . 
  plus the snp have a lot of pull in westminster now too , i would n't make any predictions right now . . 
   however , it should be an all or nothing deal . 
  either you accept federalization and continued expansion , or you do n't get any of the economic benefits of the union such as open borders , free trade , etc. 
  i think if that kind of scenario were presented , the uk would leave ... so it 's probably counter productive given the uk is n't the only country with concerns . 
   also , without a uk in the eu , there 's nobody to veto a scottish application for eu membership . 
  and with scotland in the uk there is no way scotland could apply for eu membership so . . that sort of balances out . 
  to be fair , it is n't really a left/right issue . .
