  i mean , it really is n't that difficult . 
   it 's the uk that blows up the current arrangement , it 's the uk that will have to do the bulk of the effort to pick up the pieces . 
  i would have thought that it 's up to the eu and uk to do what they feel is required to ensure there is minimal disruption to the eu and uk as we part ways . 
  obviously there is a hugely important part in all this for ireland ( an eu member last time i checked . . ) . 
   you ca n't expect to be allowed to cherrypick with which eu members you get to cut deals on eu competences , because on eu competences the eu negotiates as one bloc . 
  i think the uk and eu can agree something though , do n't you think ? 
  or are you suggesting that the eu is going to deliberately harm its own members to spite the uk ? 
  that seems nonsensical . 
   trying to pin the blame of uk choices on the eu is quite perfidious . 
  the uk leaving the eu is a choice for the uk . 
  what relationship the uk and eu have afterwards is something both sides have to agree on , and i 'm sure the eu would prefer to see the relationship between ireland ( on trade , movement and all the rest of it , not to mention things like financial support in a crisis . . ) remains in place , rather than trying to cut it off to make a point ...  besides , there 's a simple way if you want that : become eea member . 
  never mind the fact that it 'll boil down to applying eu law while losing the ability to influence it . 
  that 's what other eea countries do , often cited as examples of possible success outside the union . 
  perhaps that 's a nice solution : the sovereignists can pretend to have won a victory , while the rest of the eu can go ahead without negotiating an opt-out for every directive , and the uk still implements it . 
  that obviously would n't gel with what people want if the uk leaves the eu though , after all , the point is to leave because of issues with the current relationship , replacing it with essentially the same relationship is n't exactly very likely . 
  i 'm sure the eu and uk will come to a mutually beneficial agreement that maintains the status-quo where both sides agree it is possible , after all that 's what makes the most sense for everyone and frankly anything less is only going to harm the eus legitimacy and risk further fractures at a time where it really ca n't afford them . 
  what , the ability to determine where it 's external borders are ? 
  or the ability to trade openly with ireland ... ? 
  last time i checked the uk/irish relationship , including voting rights , residency etc. . pre-dates the eu and , again , is beneficial to the eu as a whole , and obviously one member in particular . 
  or is your position now that the eu has to thoroughly screw ireland for the hell of it if the uk leaves the bloc ? 
  seems a bit counterproductive . 
   only if you dont understand demographics , they are not a small minority in the demographic between 16 and 25 . 
  it may depend on what you mean by small , but muslims make up a small minority of all europeans aged 16 to 25 , that falls even further if you just count the eu ( so remove turkey . . ) . 
  even if all muslims in the eu were 16-25 , they 'd still be significantly in the minority in that age bracket . . as to the people who will ` run the country ' when this generation retires , they are n't currently in the 16-25 bracket , even a few generations down the line you are n't going to see anything beyond a small muslim minority across eu states and historically , they are under-represented in government too . 
  so , unless you know something no-one else does , i think this seems like a very unlikely scenario . 
  there are real issues with immigration , there are real issues with integration too , and indeed with demographic change and an ageing populations , but what you are suggesting is n't one of them , and if anything , it distracts people from the actual issues . 
  why bother with what ? 
  if brexit happens , ireland is still an eu member , i assume the eu will want to support it 's members and ensure they do n't end up with issues because of a brexit ? 
  i mean , i would assume that will apply to ireland as much as germany , france or italy . 
   you ca n't make a central bank independent and then make it directly accountable politically or democratically ( same thing , really ) in operation , because the two are contradictory . 
  no , but you can ( and many countries do . . ) have an independent central bank that is publicly owned and whose role is ( amongst other things . . ) to support the economic policies of government . 
  that is n't to say the government controls the bank directly , or voters can vote on policy , but that the bank can act as it sees appropriate to meet economic policy objectives . 
  central banks are an instance of something people often seem to find difficult to grasp in a democratic system - an autonomous agency with a limited mandate . 
  the democratic/political accountability is achieved by control over the agency 's mandate , which is set and monitored by democratic bodies . 
  in the case of the ecb , its mandate is set by the eu member state governments by treaties which have been approved by every parliament in the eu ( and one or more electorates by referendum ) . 
  and it is the source of the mandate that seems odd in context , because that mandate is essentially foreign and not necessarily ( as we have seen in the last few years ) mated to the economic needs and policies of member states that fall under it . 
  it 's probably important to note that ireland has a central bank , but that some of the functions it fulfils are on behalf of the ecb and not subject to the positions or needs of the irish government . 
  that 's essentially what is different between a bank covering a common currency area and one covering a single state . 
  after all , the ecb is n't subject to a body that has wider economic responsibilities so you end up with a disconnect . 
   the question has obviously come up as to whether the ecb has exceeded its mandate during the crisis , and it has not been found to have done so as yet , including in this case . 
  a parliamentary inquiry has found that the ecb had exerted `` undue pressure '' on ireland , and indeed that the ecb position on imposing losses on senior bondholders contributed to the inappropriate placing of significant banking debts on the irish citizen ... again , that 's the odd bit . 
  you would n't expect a central bank to push policies that are inimical to the economic policies or needs of a particular country . 
  in this case obviously it was felt that those policies are required by the eurozone as a whole , but clearly even at the expense of specific members . 
  that again seems like an alien and somewhat dangerous position for a central bank in context . 
  obviously the argument there is that at present there are significant institutional issues that need to be addressed within the eurozone ( and functionally there are lots of well known issues and mechanisms that the eurozone needs but does n't currently have . . ) . 
   that may seem bizarre , but the ecb has responsibility for the stability of the eurozone financial system , and its actions in this case were in line with that mandate . 
  of course , but again , my point was about the needs of ireland , and how those needs were addressed by a central bank looking well beyond the needs of ireland ( understandably ) and the danger that seems to represent . 
   irish banks were using 25 % of the ecb 's ela capacity , capacity which was already needed elsewhere , and as far as anyone could see , the irish government 's plan was to go on using that ela capacity rather than sort the banks out themselves . 
  it 's worth pointing out that ela timescale is weekly , and the irish banks had been soaking up ecb ela for a couple of years at that point . 
  so clearly the ecb wanted the irish banks off its back . 
  absolutely , and again , the point being the priorities of a non-national central banker and of course the impact that has on particular members . 
  it 's not that dissimilar from the issues that a central bank in a federal system would face , except of course that in a federal system , or indeed in a situation like that in the uk or germany , the central bank is working within a cohesive economic framework , essentially there is coordinated fiscal and monetary policy ( well , you 'd hope . . ) . 
   had the ecb agreed to burning bondholders at that point ( senior bondholders , that is , since junior bondholders were burned under the troika ) , there probably would have been a major panic , which would probably have triggered more bank collapses , which would have triggered more panic . 
  it might , of course , have been a better idea for the irish government to regulate the banks a little better in the first place , rather than setting up a situation in which expensive pigeons were bound to come home to roost . 
  it would absolutely have been a better idea for the irish government to regulate the banks more effectively , and that 's the third leg of the issue . 
  usually that regulation is carried out by , or hand in hand with a countries central bank ( in the case of ireland , that is the role of the irish central bank . . ) . 
  that means risks are well known and can be mitigated , and indeed worked through in terms of monetary policy and credit availability . 
  the moment you separate these functions not only institutionally ( which at least is workable . . ) but put them under totally different control mechanisms , it becomes somewhat more problematic . . 
   i meant we all thought there would be less support for a federal europe in reddit . 
  many assumed / r/europe had  90 % for a federal eu . 
  i was just pointing it out since last time many complained about it . 
  ah , i 'd have thought less than 30 % in favour , so higher than if sampling a random population but not utterly insane , hence why i 'm surprised you saw 70 % as low . 
  even if you look at this purely in terms of perception , it 'd be pretty disastrous . 
  the claim ( accurate or not . . ) that the eu is essentially working to tax people on food , electricity , gas , sporting activities for kids , access to art exhibitions , zoos and other cultural stuff , equipment for disabled people , funerals , medical treatment , prescriptions and even water . . where previously there had been no vat would be pretty massive ... 
   you guys should know that out of the 343 participants in last survey , 30 % were against a federal europe . 
  so it is n't a vast minority as we initially thought it 'd be . 
  you thought fewer people would oppose a federal europe ? 
  that 's quite interesting given i 'd assume if you ran the same survey on a broader scale across the eu you 'd get a significantly higher level of opposition . . 
  i certainly ca n't find any indication even from the most pro-federal source that there is even a majority support for a federal eu , never mind 70 % . . obviously / r/europe is a bit more pro-federalisation , although even here i 'm surprised that its anything like 70 % support . . 
  i do n't think the eu can ( or should . . ) ban the issue of , or revoke visas issued by individual countries ( and indeed there are different visa requirements applied to and by various eu countries ) , more to the point repatriation of foreign nationals is also on a country by country basis , so basically the likelihood of allowing repatriation will depend on who is asking and on what basis . 
  i think the right approach would be looking for a negotiated agreement on returns , visas probably should be a part of that . . 
  and of course he could have taken a bus for between # 5-10 and managed to get where he was going much quicker than flying too . . 
  this is partially about expensive ` regular ' rail fares ( vs discounted , advance , off-peak etc. . ) and partially about incredibly cheap flights if you happen to be lucky . 
  you ca n't really recreate this if there are say , four of you travelling , or if you do n't have quite a lot of extra time on your hands . . 
  but if you do , it 'd a great idea !, 
  just remember to take your passport wherever you go !, 
  reading that and the various reports , briefings and overviews of the impact of the crash on ireland and the irish banking sector , it 's always odd to see the relationship between the ecb and members . 
  the whole external entity ( essentially the ecb is foreign to all members . . ) thing and lack of direct political or democratic accountability by any specific eu state seems like such an odd arrangement . 
  i realise that there are n't many other ways of setting up something like the euro , and there is still work going on , but it does seem alien . 
  anyway , it 's good to see more of a look at the way the crash and aftermath was handled , be interesting to see if there are further changes or indeed consequences as a result . 
  indeed !, 
  there are plenty of options , but that is n't one of them . 
  if the eu wants to go out of its way to punish the republic because it wants to have a bit of a hissy i can see there being some interesting consequences . 
  but lets face it , the outcome will be something that is as close to a continuation of the current situation as possible , because anything else starts hurting everyone unnecessarily . 
  yeah , like fuck , it 's all britain . 
  not if i can help it !, 
   are you sure it is a problem for average `` westerner '' to have ca . 
  2000 euro on his bank account ? 
  probably . . for lower income westerners , having a buffer is n't a thing , you have a large number of people living month to month , for others their savings are n't sat in a bank account , but rather invested or committed in some other way ( from government backed/tax free savings vehicles through to their own properties . . ) . 
  younger people especially might have an issue , and lets face it $ 3000 cad is way more than most people would need to sustain themselves on holiday . . that said , if you know it 's a visa requirement , then putting it together should be part of the plan . . 
  except that clearly is n't the case in areas like missiles , drones , aero-engines , even aircraft and ships ... bae systems alone is at the cutting edge of things from rail guns to stealthy uavs . 
  and in terms of research the uk certainly does very , very well too . 
  so i do n't really get why you think europe is so far behind in technology terms . 
   it 's basically because the uk and even ireland now sees ni as a pain in the arse rather than anything worth fighting over . 
  that 's not all of it , local government and the assembly are both a bit of a shit show ( ymmv to a certain extent but . . ) and obviously everyone is still dealing with a legacy that is n't just some distant history , but continues to be a factor in pretty much everything ... 
  the financial crash did n't exactly help either . 
   they should start making their own shit again . . tbh i do n't think the source of the kit is the issue . 
   but if you talk about high tech weaponry , like fighter jets and uav 's , missiles , even helicopters , europe is far behind . 
  just off the top of my head you have the likes of bae systems , qinetiq , rolls royce and thales that all do pretty well on the high tech end of the spectrum . 
  so no , i do n't think that europe is far behind ...
