   the security situation currently is probably as bad as northern irland when the ira was trying to do bombings tho . 
  it 's not exactly supposed to be every days . 
  no , it really , really is n't . 
  its not even as bad as it is in northern ireland now , and it does n't have anything like the same level of security implications generally either . . 
  very true , / r/europe contains far more federalists and possibly more vocal eurosceptics than you 'd see across the entire eu , but it 's not missing a large number of centrists , it 's missing a large number of generally disinterested people . . 
  i suppose the point here is that countries and intergovernmental organisations with countries as members , broadly claim to be acting in the interests of the individual ( by doing things collectively ... ) . 
  problems tend to arise when the aim it to protect the collective ( the structure/system etc. . ) , that 's true for countries , blocs , tribes , families , companies , currency blocs etc. . and tends to harm individuals . 
  however , at the same time , the reason the eu ( in theory at least ) adheres to the principle of subsidiarity and the reason why decisions should generally be made as close to the people it has an impact as possible , is because nations , regional governments , city and town councils and so on often have a better idea about needs and impact that decisions will have . . and of course the more locally you make decisions the more accountability there is . 
  personally i 'd argue that nation states like those of most eu members are as capable of protecting and acting for individuals and that anything like the eu should be minimal , and only deal with overlapping issues ( and even then only when there are real problems , not simply because they overlap . . ) and i do n't think it does that right now ... that is n't to say that there are n't issues at the national level now , but i also think they are far , far easier to fix and deal with . . 
   the support for a vaguely defined `` reformed eu '' is no doubt an important boon to the in campaign but the potential for toxicity if the reforms fail is incredibly damaging . 
  absolutely , but its also quite hard to fail to achieve ` reform ' if you do n't define it well , and lets face it , most people who want reform would n't look at the current negotiations and see an outcome that matches their expectations at all . 
  however , if there are concessions , they can be branded as reform , regardless of how poorly they fit the description . 
  that said , it should also be easier for the leave campaigns to use that ( although then it becomes a he said she said in a political campaign . . ) . 
   furthermore , it seems that the media has no intention of upholding the illusion that the reforms he 's asking for are in anyway significant . 
  cameron would have done better to rely upon the fear of the unknown and the leaving the status quo rather than his reforms attempt . 
  i do n't think we are at the point yet where the media that does have an agenda one way or another is in a position to use any ` success ' in the way you are describing . 
  that will presumably change when either there are some solid concessions , or there is no longer time for any to be achieved and there is a scrabble to show some success . 
   instead he has isolated himself from his european colleagues and lost trust with the british public . 
  that 's mostly true ( although , your mileage will vary depending on who you talk to ) . 
  from my perspective the entire approach is n't terribly credible and the outcomes will be even less so , but there are quite a few people who seem to be quite content with the idea that a success will come , and that it 's better to negotiate than to leave , or at least wait until all possible negotiated approaches have been exhausted ... 
  whether that does much to sway the key undecided 's is a different question . 
   yes , there is n't going to be a good time to run the referendum if you wait for the crisis saga to end . 
  like you say this extends to the mistake the in campaign is committing by phrasing eu membership as a vote for prosperity . 
  anyone who looks across the channel is not going to associate the eu with prosperity no matter what the economic figures say . 
  agreed , and at present ( and given the current direction ) that 's only likely to deteriorate . 
  that said , the claims on trade tend to be seen as more credible . 
  however , i do n't think there is a real appreciation of how many people do n't see membership of the eu as being properly balanced out by any benefits in trade , people seem perfectly willing to ` pay ' for less political entanglement . 
   like the no camp for the scottish campaign , the in campaign is quite inept and uninspired . 
  their only saving grace is that the out campaign is disorganised at the moment and have n't fully gotten into their stride . 
  i 'd argue that both sides in the scottish campaign were vastly more engaged than either of the current membership campaigns , but that 's sort of beside the point anyway , there are so many disparate groups arguing ( with different demographics on different areas . . ) that it 's not going to be well organised as a single message campaign . 
  essentially , it 's not really a possibility for the eu referendum because many of the arguments that would be supported by say , right-wing eurosceptics are n't arguments that left-wing eurosceptics would want to be associated with and vice-versa . 
  and i assume the intensity will change when the dates are confirmed too . 
   cameron should n't have tried to renegotiate in the first place . 
  i think the issue that cameron had here , is that the amount of support for continued membership of the eu goes up considerably if you ask about a ` reformed ' eu and the current momentum is more with the leave option than the stay . 
  as to a snap referendum , i doubt that it 'd have even been possible , never mine a positive for the stay position given the various crises we 've seen in the last year or so . 
  as it is timing is going to be incredibly important , but i begin to doubt that anyone could actually pick a ` best ' time any more , and obviously between the eu , european politicians and pro-european uk ones the stay message is actually getting massively less attractive week on week ... 
  it certainly is n't spam - and as to the redirects , really ? 
  you sure that is n't an issue at your end ? 
  even with adblock and privacy-badger disabled , i 'm getting a splash ad and that 's it , beyond that it seems , well mostly reasonable . 
   and the telegraph , not being a respectable newspaper the telegraph is a perfectly respectable newspaper , it 's just has some batty ideas in some areas and a bit of an obvious agenda in others . 
  that was mostly my point ( the so . . yay was intended to be sarcastic , but that does n't really come across in text i gues . . ) . 
  i assume the israelis knew of the issue , now they will have to take action ( which is fine ) and the uk/us lose some capacity on their legitimate capabilities . . 
  i suppose my point would be that much of the justification ( and it is reasonable justification ) for the snowden leaks was the fact that it described activity that was at least inappropriate and often unlawful ( or questionably lawful ) . 
  this on the other hand , seems like a straight compromise of a capability without any of the usual justifications that the act itself was inappropriate for the us/uk to carry out . 
  and obviously it puts any facilities and personnel at risk potentially if that stuff was n't known about either . . 
  interestingly this is presumably exactly what you 'd expect your intelligence agencies to be doing in this area , it 's intelligence collection related to the military capacity of a third party state ( and by the sounds of it , it 's collecting broadcast video , which was an issue with a number of drones operated by a couple of states in the past . . ) . 
  yay ?!, 
   you sure ? 
  yes ... 
  it 's really quite basic maths . 
  the us , which has had massive illegal immigration , has some really odd citizenship rules and a fairly large amount of legal immigration is nowhere near to being anything other than being of majority white european descent , indeed the group there that people get most concerned will become a dominant force are hispanic , and yet with higher birth rates and immigration , still only make up < 10 % of the population . 
  the eu is n't going anywhere for a long , long time . . 
   how is it not related ? 
  where did i say it was n't related ? 
   i was exagrating obviously , its not `` next generation '' but some future generation down the line . 
  and again , not on the basis of the current numbers or even most of the worst case projections . 
  i agree with you entirely , and if they came to an agreement on that basis then great and it remains under the control of the people it has an impact on , but not as an eu initiative , and not as a power that gets handed on now because it seems like a good idea , only to turn into a shitshow when it suddenly turns out that you ca n't manage your own visa systems any more and the eu has decided when it 's right to allow or ` ban ' people ( whether that is in your countries interests or not ... ) . 
   but if they refuse to accept their citizens it seems like a useful tool . 
  for the eu rather than the individual state ? 
  again , do you think member countries should hand ( wholly or partially . . ) their ability to issue or restrict visas to the eu ? 
  because the outcome of that might well not be what you are hoping for . . 
   there 's a good clip by bill black talking about the fact that what the irish banks did would be characterised as `` accounting control fraud '' under proper regulation , because what they did was hollow out their long-term viability in favour of short-term bookable profits , driven by executive compensation tied to the latter . 
  whilst true ( and that obviously contributed ) i 'm still pretty sure that ireland in 2008 would n't have had the capacity to deal with the loss of credit market access kicked off by the crisis in the us . 
  it 's likely that there would have been a far smaller rescue package needed , but the aftermath would have included the same issues of monetary policy not matching economic policy . 
   exposure to the us was n't the problem for irish banks exposure to us sub prime finance was a problem , even directly via the likes of istc and  exposure to a small group of property developers in ireland was , and through them to the irish property bubble created in large part by the accounting control issues referred to above . 
  the issue there was the reduction in credit . 
  i 'd point out that the ` property bubble ' is a bit of a misnomer when we are talking about europe as a whole ( as is the impact in fact . . ) , there is a massive difference between the us property and mortgage market and that in the eu generally ( again , see both the regulatory approaches and things like bankruptcy and foreclosure rates between the two . . ) . 
   i would see that as a failure on the part of the irish cb to adapt to the realities of a common currency , partly through inertia , and partly through discouragement by the irish government ( and public , in effect ) . 
  to say that euro members have no tools because they lack the conventional and traditional tools is exactly what the icb did , and i disagree very strongly with any claim that it 's true . 
  i 'd partially agree with that , but i 'd also argue that the traditional tools , blunt as they might be , are effective and well understood ( and also promote confidence . . ) . 
  the uncertainty of how those tools might be used across a common currency area and indeed how they ended up being used ( and how that is now being tied into additional economic policy that is essentially imposed by not modifying the ecb position ) is n't a good thing . . 
   yes , something like that should be negotiated and the eu should be willing to play hardball with countries that refuse to take their economic migrants back . 
  that is n't an eu competency and i 'd rather it was n't ... at present individual member states are responsible for determining who they allow into the country , i 'd rather that stay with the eu . 
  the eu can put in place agreements about returning migrants ( not sure about failed asylum seekers . . ) . 
  do you really want to see that as an eu competency ? 
   the eu should not have to cooperate with them by freeing them of the responsibility of taking care of their citizens and if they do n't see it that way i do n't know what 's the problem in hitting them in their pockets by taking their precious visas away . 
  because that is n't down to the eu , it 's down to the individual countries . 
  then the country that is trying to repatriate the failed asylum seeker should be taking action , whether that is on visas or on something else . 
  do you really think the eu should be deciding who to issue or revoke visa 's from , and where countries have a decent track record of returns , do you really think that should be given up because another eu member has n't ? 
  i 'm not sure what tolerance of the intolerant has anything to do with it . . and frankly , do you really think handing greater control over visa issues and entry clearance to the eu , from individual countries would seriously lead to a more sensible approach ? 
  or do you think that might get twisted in some other way given the current line coming from various parts of the eu ? 
  do you really think that handing this kind of power to the eu as a whole would lead to more sensible visa controls and a higher proportion of returned failed asylum seekers ? 
   which is of course the idea with respect to the european semester and so on . 
  the problem was that , as usual , you first have to have a crisis before the member states agree to the necessary degree of coordination . 
  now hold on a minute !, 
  the issues that the eurozone face are n't new , there was discussion about the deficiencies and missing aspects before the euro was in use ( and i distinctly remember discussion around crisis management in germany at the time . . ) so this is something that could and should have been dealt with in advance but was n't and as a result you have this slightly odd situation . 
   there 's a view of the eu that sees the eu as using crises to sneakily advance integration , but it would be more accurate to say that the eu 's member states always try to get the upside of pan-european arrangements without agreeing the necessary restrictions on themselves , and it takes a crisis for them to accept that they ca n't . 
  i think both are accurate . 
  members do n't want to hand responsibility off to an intergovernmental organisation , but they do want to be able to point at someone else if there is an issue . 
  at the same time , the eu uses crises to push reform , and often fairly poor reform in line with the aim of further integration . 
  that is n't always good for members , and certainly is n't good in terms of accountability , openness or democracy . 
   in ireland 's case , what the central bank and the financial regulator had in their control turned out to be the problematic bits . 
  coupled with a lack of control over monetary policy . 
  these two things go together , and i 'd argue that if the irish regulators had done a really solid regulatory job , the impact on ireland from a global crisis would likely have been pretty similar and required similar support , if for no other reason than the interconnects between ireland and the uk and the eu more broadly . 
  there are specific issues that probably would n't have come up , but again , not all of them would have been solved by regulation ( and we do have to take into account that the biggest issue globally was exposure to the us and clearly ireland could n't impact regulation there - arguably the eu could have to a larger degree if it had held those competencies ) . 
  but if we look at the aftermath , it seems clear that being without the tools to pull yourself out of a crisis can do an awful lot to push you deeper and shift the burden on to people who were also suffering from the general economic impact - and not because that was what was right for ireland , but because the ecb wanted to protect the euro . 
   the point is that you ca n't expect the eu to allow all the benefits of eu membership to go to the uk without contributing `` because otherwise poor little ireland would have problems '' . 
  sorry , but where is anyone suggesting that ` all the benefits of eu membership ' should be handed to the uk without contributing ? 
  i mean , quite specifically the uk wants nothing to do with several of the benefits currently ( like the euro , or schengen . . ) . 
  it 's not as though i 'm suggesting that the uk gets a seat on the council , or meps or anything even slightly like membership , what i am saying is that the pre-eu arrangements , and current arrangements with ireland benefit both parties and have nothing to do with the eu , so they should probably continue and i 'm sure we can find a way to allow that ...
