  let me guess , article 13,1 of the udhr ? 
  lets be a little clearer then , while the right to leave your country is recognized and generally applied to anyone , there is no corresponding right to enter or immigrate in another country without permission from that country . 
  the decision on who should enter a country remains an exercise of sovereignty , that applies to france as well as it does to the uk . 
  that means carriers can ( and regularly do ) refuse carriage when the person who wishes to leave one country , has no access to the country they are travelling to . 
  it is not illegal to prevent someone leaving the country if they have no right to enter the country they intend to go to , it is illegal to hold someone who wishes to leave a country and can enter a different one ( assuming they have n't been arrested or detained . . and see the applicability of article 13,2 of the udhr to irregular migrants . .  return to where ? 
  france has no obligation to accept them back . 
  if they come from a war zone , you can deport them to their country , so they are stuck in uk . 
  to france . 
  the carrier is responsible for their return either to the point they departed from ( which would be france ) , or to the state that granted them travel documents ( without which they could n't have boarded the flight/ship/train . . ) , or failing that , anywhere where the passenger can be admitted . 
  there wo n't be an issue with the border agency not being able to determine the point of departure so that makes it easier . . 
  the french implementation of that is within the ceseda by the way . 
  now if someone travels without documents , and stows away on a ship or lorry , we have an issue , especially if you ca n't determine where they got on , but that 's the situation now anyway . 
   not when someone successfully walks through the tunnel . 
  but this is getting silly . 
  it 's a shared security concern . 
  no of course not . 
  if someone walks through the tunnel it 'll depend on where they are , and obviously if they make it to the uk it 's a uk matter . 
   you really do n't think the end of a customs union will have an impact on the speed at which goods move between britain and france ? 
  i would be astonished if it did n't . 
  since when is the eucu predecated on eu membership ? 
   it 's illegal to prevent people from leaving a country . 
  no it is n't ? 
   the only reason they are blocked at calais is that france is acting on behalf of the uk blocking people from entering britain and because we have an agreement in place , oh , and because they could n't travel anyway ( i note these people are free to try and cross illegally , and not being detained in france ) , and because if they did travel illegally , they 'd be returned . 
   france is doing uk work france is n't even doing france 's work . 
   there it is . 
  it 's convenient for the uk to have such an efficient natural border . 
  it 's way easier to illegally enter the eu than crossing the british channel . 
  the lack of internal borders and porous external borders also exacerbates the problem within the schengen area rather a lot . 
  if the uk were in schengen , the uk might well be in a rather different position , because cross border travel would be without the current restrictions . 
  but it is n't . . 
  the channel helps , but it is n't the whole reason by a long shot . 
   then there would be no border control to board the ferries in calais , only to disembark in dover . 
  the ferry operators , much like rail operators and airlines would still have to check that the person boarding is allowed to enter the destination country . 
  if they are n't the operator will face a fine and other potential sanctions , and of course the migrant can be returned too . 
  the only difference would be that trains and so on would have to stop on entry to the uk and it 'd slow traffic and freight . 
  which would be a shame , but still manageable . 
  possibly , although really that should be handled through an immigration policy not by allowing people to just break french ( and presumably british . . ) law at will . 
  that hardly sends the right message . 
   the uk is still at one end of the tunnel , even after brexit ... of course . . and it 'll still be a matter for the french police after leaving the eu too . 
   absent the single market , through traffic is going to be really slow anyway . 
  i doubt that , last time i checked the uk and france had rather a lot of bilateral trade , and that ignores trade from other parts of europe . 
  the uk is still going to be on the other side of the channel after leaving the eu after all . 
  airports , ports , tunnels ... 
  yes it helps that the uk is an island , but it also helps that there is a border ... 
  right ... and the uk 's are n't ? 
  generally speaking , if you have a problem like the one france has at the moment , it might be sensible to put something together to deal with it . 
  i 'm sure it 's costing more not dealing with it than it would cost to put together a detention and removals facility ( assuming that there really is n't space in existing facilities in france . . ) . 
   i was answering to the part that implies does n't , on fact , removes aliens . 
  my point was that france has n't dealt with the mess in calais very well , its clear that france can and does enforce it 's laws , so why not in calais ? 
   and considering that some of them actually want to go to the uk , france is in fact doing the uk a favor . 
  i 'm not sure why france is doing the uk a favour . . it 's not as though the migrants in question could go to the uk if france decided to take a different approach . . france is basically not doing itself a favour by not dealing with the situation . 
   also , the troubles they cause takes place in france , not in england , and this is a result of a treaty between our two countries . 
  the trouble they cause is as a result of ineffective policing , not about the agreements between the uk and france . 
  do you think that if they moved the border controls to dover , that the migrants would get there ? 
  they would n't because they still could n't travel without documents or tickets , and if they did , the ferry and rail operators would end up facing fines and the migrants would get returned . 
   i completely agree . 
  it 's the `` but but sovereignty '' side of the debate that has been holding that back , though . 
  which makes no sense if a country is in schengen , i mean , you can hardly complain about sovereignty if you have already given up on controlling your internal borders . 
  at that point it has to come down to collective responsibility for the external ones and collective protection across the area . 
  essentially it 's a cost of that free travel , if you do n't like it , you 'd have to go back to having a border and slightly less convenient travel arrangements . . 
  that 'd be ideal , just pointing out the difference between now and the last segment of the cold war . 
   i 'll point out that guardian your border is your job . 
  yes , you 'll note that the uk is guarding the uks border . 
   so france holding people in calais is a favour to your border protection agency . 
  france is n't holding people in calais , they have nowhere to go . 
  they ca n't get to the uk because they do n't have the documentation to travel and there is a channel in the way . 
  indeed , except both ireland and the uk have reasonable management at their points of entry , and mostly functional asylum process and indeed immigration control . 
  in theory you can use it to kill an armoured division without anyone nuking one of your cities . 
  some sort of unified border control absolutely makes sense for the schengen area , in fact it 's pretty fundamental . 
  it 's the absence of it , together with the absence of internal border checks and a sensible system for dealing with asylum that 's causing issues now . 
   france returns more than 30k people to their countries every tsars , and that includes people those final destination is in facteur england . 
  and bears alone the cost . 
  and in 2014 the uk returned almost 40k people to their countries too , some removed directly , some departed voluntarily after the initiation of removal proceedings . 
  it too bears that cost alone . 
  the fact that these people want to go to the uk has no bearing on it , i 'm sure some would love to go to america , or australia too , but they have no clearance to go there either . . 
  right , but they do n't have that possibility . 
  and france is n't in a position to require the uk to take them , but it is in a position to deal with the camps and the people in france without leave to be there . 
  i realise the notion of controlling immigration on the continent seems to be to let people get to where they want and then think about doing something about it , but that 's because there are n't any borders . 
  that does n't apply to the uk . . 
   paris does n't really have the banking sector clout that london has , they could try and position themselves for it frankfurt and paris have been trying for a really long time to do just that , neither is close to a breakthrough though , and every other global financial centre , bar london is outside of the eu ( and they all existed before the eu too . . ) . 
  to be honest , the eus approach to regulation will likely kill any attempt for paris of frankfurt to compete , giving them some sort of special status might help , but then you 'd end up with a political fight . 
   what security situation ? 
  people storming the ferries or sneaking into the tunnel ? 
  it has to be a shared issue . 
  it concerns the companies involved , france , and the uk . 
  that , it 's a matter for the french police though , the uk can hardly react to it , unless france is happy for the uk to deploy troops to calais . .  the official passport control may move to britain , however . 
  it might , but that 'd slow through traffic . . 
  generally a tactical nuclear weapon would be a battlefield weapon , so generally smaller and intended to be used in support or in defence of conventional military operations/objectives . 
  that 's as opposed to strategic weapons ( like the trident missiles . . ) which are intended to be used as part of a strategic plan ( whether retaliatory , or first strike i suppose . . ) . 
  strategic weapons would generally be launched from hardened facilities , or hard to hit ones like subs and targeted on strategic targets ( like the enemies own nuclear weapons launchers , command and communications centres , infrastructure , industry and , in some cases towns and cities ... ) , tactical nuclear weapons might be launched from fighter-bombers , artillery or even come in the form of man-portable charges ( the classic , backpack-nuke ) . 
  essentially with tactical weapons you might use one or two to achieve a limited aim , strategic weapons are generally what you think about when you consider a full on nuclear exchange ... 
  it does , but the security situation remains a french issue ( as it should , there are n't really many other options given calais is still in france ) . 
   it is not possible to send them back . 
  most of them `` lose '' their passports and sending back someone to a random country is illegal . 
  they also refuse to be processed in france , they are adamant on the uk thing and do n't want to be processed anywhere else . 
  they are currently illegally in france , they can be detained and , if their point of origin can be determined , they can be removed . 
  there is nothing to say that they have to be allowed to live in an encampment without any leave to remain in france . .  that 's why this situation is a stalemate basically . 
  ca n't process them , ca n't send them back . 
  but france could detain them , that at the very least would lead some to claim asylum in france and some to declare where they came from to be removed . 
  and it might actually be better than the current situation in terms of living conditions and access to aid and so on . .
