  the snp are doing better than ever before for more reasons than just independence , they are doing a fairly good job governing scotland . . what 's more , there is a very unpopular ( in scotland and other parts of england at least ) government in westminster , which has given a real boost to support for the snp . 
   i think if the catalonia independence will be a success , and other regions such as flanders may follow , scotland will try again soon but it is wait and see . 
  i think calatonian independence is going to run into the brick wall that is the spanish government . . that really is inexcusable and catalonia should be able to decide it 's own affairs , self-determination is important at the end of the day , but i do n't think it 's linked to scotland in any way . 
   correct , the collapse of labour clearly is connected to the rise of the snp , but that was already the case before the referendum . 
  furthermore , the snp did not give up on independence , not in its rhetoric and not during campaigns , people know where they vote for , what kind of party it in essence is . 
  the snp have n't given up at all , but as you can see fro the polling on independence and votes for the snp , their voters are n't all pro-independence . . 
  they are separate issues . 
  you will also note that even with the snp doing incredibly well in both hollyrood and westminster there has n't even been the suggestion of a unilateral declaration . . because the support still is n't there . 
  do n't get me wrong , scottish support generally for independence is very high at the moment ( only a bit below support for remaining in the union . . ) but i do n't think it will still be there in 5 years , and i think a brexit will make the situation change significantly again . 
   when following the media and broadcasts the discussion is broader , but when looking at a very plain level and what people really think , i have no doubt origins are a very important aspect of the whole tension . 
  as i said , i 'm sure they are a part of it but it 's far from the whole story . 
   but it is not necessarily xenophobia or racist to do n't want many people of a totally different culture in your country for no good reason . 
  no , but often it is too . . 
  the point is that there are two very distinct positions here , the first relates to being unhappy with foreigners migrating to the uk ( whether based on culture , race or nationality ) which may well be down to racism , xenophobia or something else entirely , and then there is the position of people who want to control migration in absolute terms . 
  that tends to be agnostic about origin or culture and more about skills , jobs , housing and infrastructure . 
   i think a new scottish referendum will come anyways in a way shorter period then people expect , maybe this time not supported by the british government but nonetheless interesting , the snp does not give up and is more popular then ever before . 
  a new scottish referendum will come when people in scotland want it , and the british government will give it to them if they demand it . 
  but i do n't think ( and opinion in scotland supports this . . ) that it will be some time before it happens . 
  pro-independence positions have fallen off since the referendum , not hardened , and at the moment at least , the period around the referendum was the peak of pro-independence feeling in scotland . 
   the snp does not give up and is more popular then ever before . 
  the snp as both a westminster and scottish parliament party has support of pro and anti- independence voters . . 
  the reason for snp popularity is n't all about independence , it 's also about the collapse of scottish labour support in favour of the snp . . 
  i think you uttely fail to understand the politics in the uk especially as it relates to the eu . 
  all the major parties are pro-eu , the anti-eu factions across the board are in a minority but they are under popular pressure at present . 
   he does tolerate it but if brussels wo n't give him what he wants , or at least meats him halfway or something , then he will lead the brexit campaign and camp . 
  i doubt it . 
  i do n't at all . 
  but that does n't change the fact that it would have been utterly untenable for the uk to ignore a decision by scotland , and there would have been no reasonable way ( short of force ... ) to keep hold of scotland once that process started . 
  depends on where he buys it from , what tld he goes for and on what basis ( personal , business etc. . ) he get it . 
  but if he 's trying to avoid handing details and having data pass through these companies servers that works . 
  beyond that , there are services you can get that are entirely anonymous ( and involve bitcoin payments and so on . . ) but that 's a different challenge - and generally even less free or requiring of more technical capabilities . 
   if dmca takedowns based on us laws are binding for plattforms in europe they are n't , its us law it is n't binding in europe ( although there are equivalents . ) . 
  obviously for services operating in the us , or eu service providers that are subject to us jurisdiction will comply , as will some others on a voluntary basis or use them as a notification to take action to avoid domestic legal issues ( i.e. 
  being told you are hosting material that breaches copyright in the us will likely mean it also breaches the law in germany and so a germany company may take that material down because they are now aware of it , not because they are subject to the legislation ) . 
  if you really want to get clear of firms you do n't like , grab a domain with email hosting from one of the may eu based hosting services . 
  they are cheap , reliable and you '' d own the domain and have control over your mail without having to go the whole hog and host your own ( which you could also do i suppose . . ) . 
  most of the free providers out there tend to have a catch to some extent and almost eveyone ( yahoo , gmail , microsoft etc. . ) is demanding phone numbers these days . 
   no need to go as far as a commonwealth . 
  i think they are only using commonwealth as a euphemism for something less than a union , and because malta is part of the commonwealth so it 's a handy short hand , although i take your point - the commonwealth could be a far more useful vehicle for cooperation than it is at the moment and i think the eu falling back that far would be the equivalent of losing it entirely in any case . 
  just the single market alone , ignoring everything else , provides far more than the commonwealth does . 
  although , the commonwealth games are always nice . . 
   fine , but in this case you do n't throw the baby with the bathwater . 
  i agree , that 's absolutely the right approach , but there also lies the problem . 
  the eu project is so mired in the ideological push towards closer union , that reform and changes in architecture and institutions in the direction you suggest is essentially impossible . 
  sure , if you have a crisis , the eu can change , new institutions put in place , new reforms thrown in under the pretext of existing treaties , but you ca n't unwind it ... 
  the issue then is that the eu is getting less not more useful to some countries , but it is an all or nothing deal , with little capacity for negotiated change ( at present at least ) in a way that allows looser association . 
   but to say that the eu should disappear is too strong of a statement for the arguments presented here . 
  to be fair , that is n't really what the article is saying , its laying out the fears around the eu ( and actually suggesting that a looser association is almost inevitable , if the eu is to survive ) . . 
   why ? 
  the euro might be a source of their problems , but the eu is kind to these countries . 
  because being in control of your monetary policy is really quite a massive thing and you can have migration and free trade without eu membership . 
  of course you can in theory also have eu membership without the euro , but probably not after you 've joined both . . plus , the notion of the eu being ` kind ' is sort of a misnomer anyway , the eu is a much bigger thing than just trade , or migration or currency , several aspects of eu membership have been beneficial to eu states , others have been less beneficial , the balance is quite important . . 
   there are plenty of those around . 
  yet another one is that government is the executive power only , for example . 
  so it 's useful to recognize that . 
  fair enough but the eu does n't seem to meet any of them ... 
  i mean you can make one up that fits your position if you want , but what 's the point then ? 
  the eu is n't a government in the normal sense , and does n't describe itself as one . .  and the un effectively is part of your government , albeit a very small part - insofar it has binding legislative powers . 
  bilateral treaties are part of your legislation . 
  no , the un is n't ` effectively part of your government ' it 's an external international organisation that your country signs up to . . 
  in all seriousness , you seem to have decided that ` government ' is synonymous with any group that you have a treaty with that grants them any kind of power at any level . .  technically the government of an eu country is just mandated by its citizens , but that does n't mean it 's not a government . 
  the government of an eu country is actually a government though ...  universities ca n't make decisions that apply to anything but themselves . 
  the eu makes decisions that apply to the whole of the eu . 
  does that make it less of a government ? 
  in your bizarre world where the eu is apparently a government , national governments are smaller so do they cease to be governments ? 
  do i get to call myself the government of my house because i can make decisions here ? 
  and again , even the eu does n't describe itself as a government . 
  because it is n't one . 
   of course not if you insist on using the strictly formal definition . 
  or you know , the definition . .  clearly the eu functions as a mechanism to determine at least part of the policy of its member countries , and as such is part of the government of these countries . 
  again no , it has an impact on government policy , but so does the un , and so do bilateral treaties that are more limited than the eu . 
  the eu is a government in the same way that the un , nato or itlos is a government ... its an association of governments after all . 
   it 's rather clear if you just look at which functions are exercized by these institutions in practice rather than in theory ... something that should be second nature for a common law country , right ? 
  again , the eu does n't claim to be a government , and it lacks the capacity to actually govern . 
  it is an association of governments after all , with all of its capacity to act provided by national governments ... again , i realise that you 'd like it to be a government , but right now it is n't , does n't act like one , does n't have the authority of one and even in the context of what it does from day to day . 
  it have similar institutions to a government but then so do universities , but they do n't govern . 
  nor does the eu . . 
  the ` authority ' bit is really quite important here , the eu gains its legitimacy from its member , it can only exist and act in the limit capacities it has been granted because it is empowered to do so by other governments , through treaties . 
  so again , it 's a collection of supranational institutions not a government in its own right ... 
   well , you ca n't have both . 
  eu membership requires a certain level of commitment and reliability ( that is also granted to the uk ) . 
  it does , but we do get to collectively set where the limits of that commitment are . 
  and of course the purely ` control immigration ' would require a uk exit from the eu . 
  after all , the whole notion of free movement ( goods , capital , services and workers ) is fairly basic . 
  that said , there are limits on the other three to some degree so in theory at least there may be a compromise available , it 'd just require massive rethinking of the eu - which is quite rightly objectionable to other eu states ...  that 's an efta matter , not an eu matter . 
  the uk is not a schengen member . 
  in any case , you 're still free to give that right to people of those countries . 
  to stop that migration from the eu you 'd have to leave efta too . 
  which makes sense , you ca n't really have free trade without free movement . 
  you can have free trade without movement of people , but it 'd just be trade in services and goods ( not workers . . ) . 
  frankly that 's detrimental to the average person ( someone can move your job , but you ca n't chase one elsewhere ) . 
  and yes , the uk would have to come to a new arrangement with the eu/eea ( it 's not an efta member any more obviously . . ) and one that 'd leave the uk outside of the single market , although presumably with access to it to a greater or lesser degree ( as per whatever agreement ends up in place ) . 
  ah , in that case disregard what i said !, 
  i assume the article used regions incorrectly in the context then . 
   solid argumentation . 
  it is n't a government ... 
  i mean , there is n't really an argument to have . 
  a cat is n't a dog ... 
  it does n't even claim to be a government . 
   the eu is one of the several institutions that make up your government .
