  take a look at my other comment here -  [ because i do n't think most people actually get what it means in a uk context - and why an atheist my not support disestablishing the church ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nw5u0/british_prime_minister_david_cameron_vows_to_shut/cvsbr90 ) . 
  although obviously as someone who supports antidisestablishmentarianism it 's mostly just because it 's nice to be able to use the term occasionally . 
  it 's interesting that almost everyone looks at it from the direction you are , that it is about the power of the church on government . 
  which is odd really , given that the usual reason given for a separation of church and state is freedom of religion , not some democratic ideal . 
  the power of the church over government in the uk is mostly inconsequential ( most of the time . . ) , although the lords spiritual and the queen do have a role to play and arguably they could exert significant pressure . 
  but that goes both ways , parliament has authority to govern the church of england too ... cannon law can be vetoed or dictated by parliament ... of course the reality of that is also that it has been broadly delegated to the church ( the synod . . ) . 
  it actually leads to some interesting issues , compromises and debate , most of which i think is actually positive ... of course the things that we want to see protected , basically the issues people generally try to solve through separation ( religious freedom , freedom from discrimination on the basis of religion , a reduction of political influence on the church and of religious influence on the government etc. . ) are in place by means of tradition ( the delegation of powers and the way the lords works , plus the parliament act ) and legislation . 
  so the end result works - and i 'd argue works better than strict separation . . 
  i do n't think the church of england 's constitutional arrangements are causing kids to be taught hate . . 
  why ? 
  the uk does n't have separation of church and state . 
   how is it daft ? 
  you 'd need legal counsel in regards for insurance on regulatory conformity products . 
  you 'd need the counsel of that which has familiarity with the regulations , aka the prospective country . 
  you do n't need that , if you 're both already trading to the same regulation , in this example ce marked . 
  because you generally still do need legal advice specific to the country you are operating in , or at the very least specific to the jurisdiction of your contracts , even when there are common standards and even in the context of the eu today . 
  yes that might get more costly with divergence ( on the standards side ... ) but not likely more than if you were talking about trade with say , canada . 
   it does n't need to be serious difference , it just needs to be a difference . 
  the moment there 's no equality in regulation , you would n't be able to apply similarity clauses - as it would n't be . 
  we 're talking the difference of a few mm on a recommended bolt size for a particular weight load on a joint , for a particular structure class . 
  and as you are well aware it is entirely possible to deal with either through specialisation or by defaulting up . 
   this was most certainly significantly different prior , one drastic change the previous client had to deal with was changing from imperial to metric , for example . 
  that required either replacing equipment , or attaching third party measuring equipment . 
  well , obviously , but the uk is n't going to jump back to using imperial measurements and non-decimal currency is it . 
  lets face it , those bodies currently working together to develop standards will still do so and it is unlikely that there would be massive divergence . .  the industry , like many , suffers from the fact that it 's constantly evolving in order to either provide a better quality of product or to provide the same quality for less cost . 
  that means regulations play catch up . 
  this is where the changes between regulatory bodies happen , and quickly . 
  and yet eu states still manage to export and import goods . 
   you ca n't state that because 34 % of export is outside of the eu , means that 34 % of small business export is outside of the eu too . 
  that 's just not true . 
  i have n't said that though have i. . of the small businesses that do export though ( around 23 % of small businesses . . ) , they export significantly outside of the eu ( and more goods than services too , although i assume that 's warped somewhat by the city . . ) . 
   of which the vast majority of those industries are dominated by few corporations , such as the indian steel company tata . 
  https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ and the supply chains are massive and involve lots of small businesses too . .  no one is suggesting this . 
  again , this is in terms of the impact in the long run . 
  the uk is not in as strong of a position to negotiate on a trade deal than the eu on behalf of the eu . 
  certainly when it comes into the trade agreement juggernauts like ttip . 
  and the counterpoint to that is that the uk within the eu is n't as able to push it 's interests and so an eu/us trade deal may lead to more concessions to the eu , but fewer benefits to the uk than a bilateral agreement . .  i believe the uk will do fine , if it leaves the eu . 
  i am just not sold on the idea it 'll do better . 
  nor am i , although i am somewhat concerned that the claims being made that the uk would suffer horribly , apart from being somewhat ridiculous , actively make discussion of the actual issues harder . 
   certainly when no one has come up with the plan yet for what they 'll do , if they do exit . 
  there are many routes to take , and many models to follow , but they 've all got compromises i do n't see the uk favoring . 
  certainly not for a service based economy . 
  i think it 's easy for people to look for comparisons , when in reality the uk would be looking at something pretty specific to the uk . 
  you ca n't assume that any agreement that the uk might have with the eu would look like ceta or the swiss bilateral i/ii agreements . 
  and obviously there are upsides and down sides . . 
   a previous client i did some consultancy work for in the south west of england exports bolts across europe . 
  it had a team of 6 in total . 
  do you think it would be viable for them to machine different lines for different conformities ( because there were many before 1090-1 ) , as well as sort the visas , taxation , legal counsel , payment for the regulatory body inspections etc. 
  in the prospective country ? 
  as opposed to the current system ? 
  do you think that there will be serious regulatory divergence not handled by whatever bilateral treaty would be put in place between the eu and uk , do you seriously think that there wo n't be a free travel area between the eu and uk or indeed significant difference in legal service provision ( that 's a really daft point btw , because even with the eu there are enough differences between member states now ) . 
  every major industrialised country has worked to reduce non-tariff trade barriers for some time , there has been a major push toward global standards ( which has had a mixed impact of course . . ) and lets be clear , the uk trades with as many non-eu partners as it does eu partners , uk small businesses are as likely to be working with us and canadian clients as eu ones , and it is entirely workable . 
  which you mist be aware of . .  seeing as there 's been no dialogue on this whatsoever , i 'm hesitant about what 's achievable within the commonwealth . 
  to be fair , given we are talking about a large number of countries , many developing quite quickly there is obviously a lot of scope . 
  there is a lot of desire for increased trade and access to uk ( well , western basically . . ) markets . 
  at present that is incredibly hard to deal with because of the way the eu works , it would be easier bilaterally and valuable for all sides - but at the same time these are ( with some obvious exceptions ) fairly small economies with potential , rather than a large well developed market like the eu . 
  but it is of course bizarre to try and look at this as some sort of binary choice , we are n't looking to just trade with one or the other . .  all i 've heard is an australian politician talking about a freedom of movement equivalent within some of the commonwealth countries . 
  given commonwealth citizens already enjoy a number of privileges that even eu citizens do n't ( like the right to vote , and stand for parliament etc. . ) and given there are special immigration rules , up to and including ilr/citizenship it 's an interesting idea , although i 'm not sure it 's entirely practical . 
  mostly because australia would get swamped . . 
  but again the issue that has come up again and again is that the uk is n't in a position to make special arrangements economically with the commonwealth whilst it is an eu member , largely because other eu members have their own interests to protect ( and that is fine . . ) . 
  but it should be clear that the commonwealth is n't and really ca n't be a sort of substitute eu . 
  it is something very different . . 
   it would not impose such restrictions , no . 
  the problem may be the alterations , or non-adoptions of regulations . 
  such as ce marked products may require a british equivalent . 
   the easiest example is steel . 
  steel used in class 2 structures requires ce approved materials , as well as qualified welders to work with it . 
  in the last few years , the existing regulations in many eu countries was replaced with a ce regulation - allowing for export of those products/labor easily . 
   should the brexit happen , and should the uk decide to alter a requirement of their class 2 steel structures , then that would require a new regulatory body within the uk - as it could no longer change the eu regulation . 
  therefore , steel products to be used in the uk , from the eu , would have to pass those new regulations in the uk - it may not be worth it for smaller businesses to adopt , and simply cease trading with the uk . 
  this applies to every market anywhere , businesses need to meet regulatory standards ( and it would obviously apply to trade between the eu and uk in both directions ) but as with pretty much every other market , unless there are diverging standards , exporters will apply whatever the norm is anyway ( and the uk has a very well known and trusted standards body already btw . . ) . 
  the uk could regulate in a manner that is inconsistent with the eu , or the eu could too , but legislators would have to look at the costs . . we see that now in the context of bilateral eu trade agreements with other states that are significantly smaller markets than the uk , and we seem to do ok . 
  i do n't think there is serous grounds for concern and , certainly not any immediate ones - after the situation in the uk the day after an exit would be the same as the day before . 
   i think the issue is that the agreements have n't even been discussed . 
  there 's been seemingly no mention of what trade deals could be done with india , canada , etc. 
  there has been some discussion , usually around the limitations of an eu / * deal vs a uk / * deal , which usually comes down to the uk not needing to accommodate various special interests , or protect various industries in the same way as the wider eu does ( mostly due to the larger industrial states . . ) . 
  but obviously no-one other than the government is in a position to even attempt to initiate any dialogue at that level . 
   those in charge of the leaving campaign need to come up with a clear strategy , or those who are the edge are going to vote with the safety of knowing what they 'll get with the eu as opposed to not . 
  well , arguably the civil service will need to prepare for an exit to a certain extent and give its opinion on the issues ( which is already happening via the treasury etc. . ) and in a non-partisan manner . 
  the rest will come down to how that is communicated to the public , including what flights of fancy some of our politicians go down . 
  if nothing else it 's going to be interesting . 
  how do you feel about eu migration ? 
  are people who move from poorer states to richer ones simply greedy ? 
  obviously that migration is legal , but obviously they are n't showing any gratitude to their home nations for their education and so on . . 
   have many commonwealth countries expressed an interest in making trade deals to the level that 's required to deal with the trade deficit in leaving the eu ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure that there would be a trade deficit if the uk left the eu , the uk is a net importer from the eu after all ( something like 6.5 % of germany 's exports , 6.5 % of france 's and 5 % of italy 's . . ) and the uk is a huge market - the eu is n't going to suddenly impose massive barriers on eu/uk trade because it 'd just hurt the eu . . 
  the uk might however find that it can establish better bilateral agreements with commonwealth countries than the eu does . 
  it 's not as though the commonwealth is a single political or economic entity after all . 
  i think the issue that some people have at the moment is that the uk simply ca n't make those agreements . . 
   you would need to trade something for free trade with eu and god knows what that would be . . 
  but i doubt you would get good deal . 
  access to a massive market for german companies ? 
  the uk makes up a seriously large chunk of the common market , it is a net importer from the rest of the eu . . you are talking about almost 7 % of german exports and about the same for france and almost 5 % for italy . . to put that into context , the uk imports 3x more from germany alone , than slovenia exports in globally . 
  sticking tariffs or non tariff barriers onto that amount of trade would of course be devastating to the uk , but it 'd also be a massive blow to the eu and the euro . 
  which is why it wo n't happen regardless of what the uk decides to do . 
   i think most people in europe would support this . 
  and some would militantly oppose it , oh and levels of support would vary by country fairly heavily . . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how to get there from where we are now though - i 'd assume you 'd need individual referendums or acceptance of a constitutional document , and i do n't think that 'd be received well in quite a few countries . 
  essentially it feels like quite a few governments are ahead of their populations majority positions . 
   the vast majority of the uk 's trade is with the eu , not the commonwealth .
