  nor does it mean that you are defaulting to nationalism , but rather that you do n't see your future inside the kind of structures that define the eu . 
  you can be internationalist and be unhappy with ( even oppose . . ) the eu , you certainly be opposed to the eu whilst holding a very much non-isolationist position too . 
   we do high-end custom metal fabrication at my building . 
  if you do actual high end metal fabrication , then moving to germany from the uk would make almost no sense . 
  assuming the same sort of client base as the firms i 've worked with recently , you 'll have a load of domestic clients and a load of international ones scattered all over the place . 
  unless you happen to do something where most of your client base is in germany , its not going to make any sense to move , especially not if you are moving actual manufacturing facilities ... obviously the firm you work for will know more than i do about their situation , but it sounds an awful lot like bullshit . 
   i 'm not particularly in a position to judge his actions . 
  just so you know , if you hate migrants in general , you should n't trust the tories . 
  i do n't dislike migrants or migration at all . . 
  i 'd prefer to see something like free movement between the uk and eu too . 
  but i do n't want to be part of the eu and i certainly do n't trust the tories ... 
   come on , uk 's problem is with the immigration from islamic shitholes that do n't integrate well into uk society not with eu migrants who actually contribute to the society . 
  the government should just drop the bullshit political correctness and say how it actually is . 
  that might be your perception of it , but it does n't tally with what i see here . 
  yes , there are a lot of people who absolutely dislike muslims , ( whether immigrants or whether they have been in the uk for the last 80 + years ) but the broader issue seems to be around immigration generally , including eu and non-eu migrants ( and again , recently that was most visibly aimed at poles , romanians , bulgarians , french tax exiles and so on , in the past it has also been aimed at anyone of a different skin colour , the irish and people who do n't speak proper english ) . 
  in short , it does n't much matter if you are a muslim or a german if the issue is house prices and availability . 
  there has been a lot of noise about french tax exiles in london for example . 
  its not about integration , its not even about contribution it is about the perception of the uk being overburdened with people ( which it is n't . . ) and that immigration is putting stress on house prices and public services ( which it is , but a lot less than government spending cuts ... ) . 
  fair enough , cross post from / r/infographics and it actually looked readable for once . 
  cheers !, 
   he already did it with his renegotiated terms in eu . 
  it 's a done deal , brexit or not . 
  he has n't raised the barriers to entry to the uk for eu migrants if the uk remains ... 
  the rules for non-eu migrants are n't going to suddenly apply to eu migrants and the changes he managed to secure with regard to benefits , do n't come close to being similar , especially given that generally non-eu migrants have no access to many uk benefits at all . . 
   i do n't believe the uk will leave the eu . 
  fair enough , although i 'll be making the case for it to do just that . 
   even if the uk leaves the eu , and it remains part of the eea , it will still have to comply with free movement . 
  i 'd certainly prefer to see free movement , or some form of it remain , but given the views of rather a lot of people , both those who like and dislike eu membership , i can see some of the pressure that is currently aimed at non-eu migrants to be relieved by focusing on eu migrants if the uk does leave . 
   yes , and before , at least eu nationals moving to the uk did n't have to put up with this bullshit . 
  but the new brexit agreement allows the uk to apply the same income rules to everyone . 
  the uk ca n't apply income rules to eu nationals coming to work in the uk no , but the uk has always been able to apply whatever rules it wanted to for visa applicants , as long as it did n't discriminate against eu citizens ( exercising treaty rights ... ) . 
   currently , eu nationals -- although , ironically , not brits themselves -- can move to the uk without the `` back-door '' three months spent elsewhere . 
  yup . 
  its incredibly problematic and i realise you are using it to show how dysfunctional the uk is , but at the same time it shows just what a cluster-fuck the collision between the uks eu agreements on free movement and the need for the government to be seen to be taking on the issues of immigration really is . 
  the end result when the uk leaves the eu is likely going to be reduced immigration controls on non-eu citizens and increase ( relative to the lack of them currently ) for eu citizens , and the closure of some of the ` loopholes ' like the one described above . 
  and the people who are going to be hurt the worst are once again going to be the partners of british citizens living or wanting to live in the uk . . not great for families and frankly you 'd think the government would know better . 
  i guess we 'll see once the uk leaves , but i was referring to polling generally , not with a specific question on the uks eu membership thrown into the mix . 
  it 's really quite shitty , i know people who had planned to move back to the uk from the us ( couples with mixed us and uk citizenship , who had been married for decades . ), 
  and found that basically , they could n't because they had to have jobs set up before they returned , and jobs that paid well more than they needed or would have expected to get . 
  it 's really stupid that this is being approached in this manner and it really does pull families apart . 
   it 's all part of cameron 's agenda , to raise the barrier for eu immigrants and lower it for non-eu people . 
  this raises it for non-eu migrants and cameron ca n't really raise barriers for eu immigrants , if he could , he would have already , it 'd have saved him and the tories a lot of political grief and loss of support . 
  you find out just how essential to the authenticity of our brand it is i suppose . 
   many african , caribbean and asian workers - wihout university degrees that work manual jobs . 
  i wonder how will they deal with that , if million people in gastronomy sector or construction will be deported . 
  depending on what kind of visas they are on or what kind of leave they have to remain , and obviously whether they are in the country legally ( or overstaying for example ) they will be subject to the same rules . 
  so yeah , if they are here on a visa that has a financial requirement and they do n't meet it , they will have to leave or will end up being deported . . 
   unfortunately you 've got a tory cabinet full of shrink the state ideologues precluding that from happening . 
  that and a lot of people who think that immigration is the reason behind the underfunding of public services and the cost of housing . 
  it 's a really shitty situation to be in , but not entirely easy to fix . 
  there is a real issue with housing , and there is a real issue with public perception of immigration , but very little political support to reduce house prices ( that hurts lots of people . . ) or argue for increased immigration ( because it 's unpopular ) . 
  to be fair , you do n't have to be married . . 
  there seems to be an assumption that getting married grants automatic rights , it does n't : from gov.uk : * you must meet the eligibility requirements for the partner routes . 
  if you 're 18 or over you must prove that you have a good knowledge of english . 
  * * you must also meet the financial requirement of : * * * # 18,600 per year if you 're applying only for yourself * * * # 22,400 per year for you and one child * * * # 2,400 per year for each additional child *, 
  the issue is that there are lots of people who see immigration as a problem , the issues cited are usually stress on underfunded public services , transport and on housing . 
  but the uk ca n't limit immigration across the board , only non-eu migration , that means the government has ended up doing lots of fairly stupid things , like this and going after non-eu students to push the numbers down . 
  of course it 's going to turn out that it was pretty much all for nought as eu migration may actually be considerably higher than thought and any reductions in non-eu migration are marginal at best and hit people that the uk wants in the country . 
   the us system is very multitiered and there 's a good reason tax advisor is such a common industry there . 
  yeah , the idea of hiring someone to do your own taxes always seemed like a great way to blow any benefit that might be derived . 
  although at least it does mean that the system itself deals with complex tax situations as a matter of course ... 
  i think there is sometimes a really odd disconnect between people in the us and people in the uk and ireland when it comes to house prices . 
  the us issue with price inflation is almost always increases due to lending and using property as investment even in an environment where there is a glut of housing and building , whilst in ireland and the uk , there is a shortage of housing generally , which pushes prices up generally , and excessively so in areas that also happen to be attractive to live in . 
  the only way house prices are going to stabilise in places like dublin or various parts of the uk are if the supply goes up and right now , that 's really not happening . 
  there could be a crash of sorts of there is a contraction of lending and an increase in interest rates , but it 'll be pretty limited as the bulk of the property is bought for people to live in and the mortgages are generally affordable even at higher rates ... 
  i 've never had to deal with the irish tax people ... 
  i sort of wonder if the american style return/rebate system is balanced by the uks more automatic approach . . 
  the cost being that whilst the us style ones are much more reactive for anything out of the ordinary , the uk one is almost entirely invisible unless you have something out of the ordinary to deal with . 
  i suppose for most people the former probably makes more sense , but as life gets more complicated the latter does seem like a preferable option . . 
  the australians are notoriously bad actually ... 
  although they let you claim the tax back for a ludicrously long time so that 's a positive . 
  the process is simple enough though , it just takes them forever . 
  hmrc have gotten reasonably good recently , but you are still dealing with ( in my case two . . ) tax authorities when you are trying to make use of the allowances . 
  and germany , with the uk being in the eu seems more painful to deal with than the people i speak to who have to deal with the us ( who , if you fill all the relevant forms in , seem to mostly just take you at your word . . ) . 
  my point however is that these are essentially bilateral agreements anyway , and they exist between most countries . . 
  the efficiency or lack thereof is n't relevant to eu membership . 
  although you 'd think this would be reasonably simple . . 
  i think that 's basically the issue , the angry comedy thing the daily show does works really well because of the grain of truth , this should work just as well , but it sort of misses too often . 
  the germans do good political comedy when its drier i think . . maybe because that matches up with the way politics in germany is presented . 
  that said , there were a few genuinely funny bits in there too , and lots of satire seems to be getting pretty shite these days . 
  oh and anyone watching the subs is probably getting the worst possible deal , satire only gets worse when you have to read it in a different language . . 
   if the uk leaves , i 'm fairly confident scotland will become independent i doubt it , i would n't be surprised if there were another referendum within 5 years or so , but i doubt that the proportion voting to leave would increase significantly . .  and northern ireland might at least be convinced enough by it to hold a referendum . 
  different set of issues , but i suppose it is possible , although if one did go ahead , the chances of a vote for reunification , or even that ireland would be up for it are essentially slim to none . 
   at some point the younger generations of irish on both sides could not care less about the religious divisions between the two sides and take over a majority of the debate from the troublesome older generations . 
  it 's not just about religion though is it ... 
   `` most eu countries currently have bilateral tax treaties in place in an attempt to relieve double taxation if this were to occur , however there 's no guarantee this agreement would remain if the uk were to leave the eu . '', 
  as do most non-eu countries . 
  people do realise that there is a world outside of the eu which also works reasonably well , especially as it relates to first world , developed economies ... 
   why would you doubt that ? 
  because it has n't even pushed that inside the single market ? 
   i do n't see the eu playing the protectionist card unless the uk plays it first - in which case , the eu will respond in order to defend its own interests and not allow uk to maximize profit by cherry picking what they want to participate in . 
  which seems like a pretty logical strategy under such circumstances . 
  the eu has already failed fairly miserably to deal with protectionism by members states within the framework of the single market . 
  it can hardly negotiate a trade deal that is more open than its own internal dealings with a third party ... 
  so yes , there will be eu initiated protectionist measures , especially as it relates to services in any trade deal . 
  i would assume the uk would end up in a position where it aimed for similar levels of market access , bilaterally , as exist now . 
   none of the eu trade agreements outside of europe grant full access to the single market , and only the single market is genuinely barrier-free . 
  if you do not want single market access , you want less free trade , and it would be honest to explain that to the people who will vote in the referendum . 
  i would assume that the uk will want access to ( but not membership of . . ) the free market , up to the point where it requires political and social union . . that basically would include everything bar free movement . 
  the eu will likely want to offer something pretty close to that .
