truer words ... 
  to be fair , # 4.50 is $ 7 although outside of the south east you are looking at closer to # 3 for a decent pint . 
  marked coasters , drinks brought to the table , random spirits arriving , landladies having to get the drunks home ... lots of variation . 
  oh come on , no pork scratchings mentioned !? 
  utterly unrepresentative !, 
  no , but we go t ` hospital . 
  right ? 
  ^ as ^ you ^ are ^ no ^ doubt ^ aware , ^ in ^ english ^ you ^ can ^ just ^ say ^ that ^ you ^ are ^ going ^ to ^ hospital . 
  ^ no ^ ` the ' ^ required, 
   if the wish it that strong for uk to leave , then maybe it 's best they do . 
  obviously it would be , if the people of a country have real problems being part of the eu they should work to deal with the issues they have if they can , and if they ca n't they should leave . 
  and if they do decide to leave , you ca n't really justify remaining a member . .  i would rather have a stronger unified eu than a slightly bigger one where uk opposes policies left and right and want exceptions to anything that does n't benefit them . 
  to be fair , it 's about 16 % of the total eu gdp and the uk is either the second or third largest economy , in a bloc where the top 5 countries make up the vast majority of the economy . . 
  it 's a big part of the eu and the exemptions that the uk has negotiated are just that , negotiated agreements . 
  surely the eu is about mutual benefit , that means negotiating and compromise , sometimes that will mean an opt out because the alternative is a veto ... 
  surely that 's preferable ? 
   the best of luck to uk outside and posibly without scotland . 
  seems unlikely that scotland would have another independence vote any time soon , so i do n't think that 'd make much of a difference ( and frankly scotland would have huge issues at the moment independently . . ) . 
   trade agreements with lowered tariffs can be agreed upon bilaterally i am sure , provided they benefit eu . 
  the uk is a huge market , an important financial centre and a massive trading partner for the likes of germany . . 
  it would harm german exports significantly if barriers were put in place . 
  take into account that the uk imports more from the eu than it exports to the eu ( and exports more outside of the eu than it exports inside the eu ... ) . 
  trade wise it would be pretty pointless to introduce problems where none are needed . 
  there seems to be a small but fairly active group of people that think that the potential benefits that the eu ( or a larger , more united , potentially federal eu ) brings outweigh any objections from individual countries , or national populations . 
  essentially that everyone should show solidarity and work together for a greater eu in the hope that this would improve everyone 's lot in the long term , regardless of what people want . 
  essentially that 's imposing one particular idea of europe on several hundred million people and it probably wo n't go down well , but you can see why they might be upset at one nation causing problems for everyone else , even if it is on the basis of some sort of democratic choice ... 
   the eu is done for , both as a cohesive free-movement zone , and as an economic co-prosperity sphere . 
  not really , certainly from the uk perspective the issue is it not being more than an economic co-prosperity sphere and a cohesive free-movement zone ( possibly just visa free travel , there is a bit of variation there ... ) . 
  very few people see the eea as a problem , but lots of people see the notion of ever closer political union as utterly unpalatable ( in the uk . . ) . 
   the eu project has failed , i reiterate . 
  the eu project needs to decide where it is going , there are about three different approaches being followed at the moment and that simply is n't sustainable . 
   this is polled off of 2,000 completely random people around the world . . no . . 
  it did n't . . 
  the point on interest rates is more interesting ( but have to use the article title obviously ) . . 
  the impact of china opening up further is going to be massive on these kinds of indicators pretty soon though , the rate of change in even just the last 20 years has been massive . 
  which is what makes it interesting , i would n't have expected my city to appear on there at all and certainly had n't considered what its peers might be in this context . . 
  there is really no reason to think that 'd be the case . . 
  still in the eea , are n't currently a eurozone member ( i remember the last time that came up , with the suggestion that if the uk did n't join the eurozone it would n't be relevant any more . . ) . 
  in reality it is far more complex and , whilst the uk leaving the eu would undoubtedly have an impact on the uk economy , it is far from clear what that might be . . 
  i know , but it is often thrown in ( and is the next largest financial centre ) it 's interesting just how much it is lagging compared to london at the moment . 
  i mean lets face it , there is no reason why there is n't a leading financial centre within the eurozone , indeed you 'd sort of assume that there would be a drive in that direction . 
  that 's an interesting list . . 
  turns out my current city is in the same league as birmingham !, 
  ( alabama , not the proper one ... :( ), 
  oh come on , there is often discussion that frankfurt would take over from london as a leading financial centre if the uk ~ ~ decided not to join the euro ~ ~ decided to leave the eu . . 
  apparently not , from the article :  london , which had top billing for seven years running in the twice-yearly survey , lost the top spot to new york last year . 
  there are always some interesting arguments about whether it is new york or london ( and sometimes frankfurt gets thrown in too . . ) . 
  that 's almost entirely different and a regulatory not an educational difference . . you can have an electrical engineering degree , be qualified as a ship 's sparky and still technically not be qualified to move a plug socket in there uk . . and whilst i sort of like the idea of fewer house fires . 
  the cost of certification is absurdly high . . 
   seems very strange that eu can force poor countries like hungary and the czechs but now a rich country like the uk . 
  the uk negotiated an opt out ( and obviously remains outside of the eurozone and schengen ) because it did n't want to hand over power on some of these issues to the eu , so it 's not strange so much as it 's what was agreed in advance . 
  it 'd be fairer to say that they are different . 
  us standards on certain emissions ( like nitrogen oxide , as in this case . . ) are stricter , in other areas they are less strict than the eu standards . . 
  the uk has n't authorised the use of tear gas , rubber bullets or even things like water cannons outside of northern ireland for more than three decades . . after the riots in 2011 there was some discussion of it , but it 's still a no on all of those things . . 
  same goes for deploying the army - outside of northern ireland it simply has n't happened , obviously the situation in ni has been a bit different up until recently . . 
  it sort of depends on what you are moderating for . 
  you are right that with small subs , you can reply more on the community if it is fairly homogeneous . . 
  so for example , a subreddit for gold tdi owners is unlikely to upvote anti-vw articles or downvote pro-diesel articles ... but the moment you end up with a spread of opinions it gets harder , you have people joining your tdi sub who like golfs but do n't like vw dealers , or who have problems with their cars , or who got screwed over by a recall etc. . you get fragmentation and slowly your sub starts to reflect a broader population than just the tdi owers ... for a subreddit like / r/europe that is amplified massively given the broad topic . 
  it 's actually quite interesting to compare just how anti-eu voices in the sub are treated now when compared to a few years ago to how it is now . 
  and how different publications seem to go through acceptance and hate depending on how they are reporting on a particular issue ( the bbc is really quite interesting in that regard . . ) . 
  what i would say though is that the sub now seems to have a more diverse range of people in it . 
  i 'd bet that when it comes to something like immigration and stories on immigration , the sub is still some way off reflecting the view of an ` average ' eu population , but the direction of travel is away from where it was to something approaching ` normal ' with all the nastiness and intolerance that brings . 
  as a result the stuff being upvoted does change , but i would argue that the sub does reflect the views of its subscribers ( that 's why you inevitably get mod/community tensions too ... stuff changes over time , the mods do n't it gets dramatic because what was a pro-x sub is suddenly host to the pro and anti-positions , then you get splits and it 's all a bit messy . . ) . 
  anyway , the drama is interesting , but usually detracts , but i would argue that broadly you still end up with the quality rising and the chaff falling , it 's just that the views presented change and a lot of people seem to conflate ` low quality ' with ' i do n't like it ' as much as they conflate ` hight quality ' and ` it 's the same as my view ' ! . 
  absolutely , but they also downvote crap - so you get your quality filter to some extent , without having to make arbitrary decisions based on sources . 
  who likes waiting ? 
  but the point is that we do have issues that are being exacerbated by a lack of border controls in some places and these issues may well not go away . . 
  the mild inconvenience ( and seriously , it is a mild inconvenience , compare your border experiences with rush hour near almost any major eu city and it pales ... ) is currently outweighed by the need to do something about a major crisis . . 
  i suppose it comes down to the same issues that people have with the euro - there are major problems that really need to be resolved , that can be resolved , before expanding the euro/schengen ( arguably the eu in general ) further . . we know there are problems because we are starting to run into them now , so why not deal with it and why claim that someone wanting to deal with it should n't be allowed to because they may have benefited in the past . . 
  that does seem excessive , but it 's more than i 've ever spent crossing from germany to the uk ( and back ) or indeed than i spent between germany / france / italy / spain pre-schengen . 
  i think the longest border crossing i had was spain -  gibraltar , but that issue is probably somewhat unrelated to the agreements in place . . 
   rather than a ban , perhaps some kind of quality scale is n't that what the voting system is supposed to achieve though ? 
   why get i downvotes for this ? 
  it 's flat out true . 
  an exit-out-of-schengen would have a negative impact on the economy . 
  possibly because whilst it might have some tiny impact , it 's not going to get close to tanking the economy of eastern europe ? 
  more to the point , i assume most people say your comment as hyperbolic . .  first of all : economy is certainly about `` smallest input for the biggest output '' . 
  so if there are countries in europe , not longer being part of schengen , one result would be a longer waiting time on the border to this country . 
  it would absolutely . 
  the question is whether these would be significant enough to have an impact , indeed whether they would be significant enough to be noticeable in contrast to things like road works , traffic jams and so on . 
  its a tiny factor and for the most part likely to be inconsequential . 
  this reason alone would have an huge impact on the import/export economies , since it was much easier , quicker , and cheaper before the exit to move goods around europe ( therefor the country is much less attractive for business/businesscorporations ... ) . 
  again , this is hyperbolic and massively over-dramatised . 
  the possibility of a short wait at a border is not going to outweigh access to a european economy , in the vast majority of cases it will make no difference whatsoever . . 
  in all seriousness , directives on the hours that truck drivers can drive would have a much bigger impact on this than the potential to be stopped at the borer . 
   another negative impact would be the 8 times higher spot-check rate in between international post offices . 
  the death for mail-order selling . 
  this must be why no-one buys anything from outside of the eu , why china and other asian countries incapable of competing when it comes to mail order delivery . . oh , hold on , that seems unlikely . 
  but hold on ...  also schengen highly reduced customs expenses . 
  any country out of schengen would have much higher government spendings . 
  well that would be an issue if schengen were also the european union customs union , but since it is n't , it is n't . 
  i agree that having borders between eu states manned again would be less than ideal , but frankly given the current situation it seems reasonable and the impact would be minimal . 
  for the people who are deliberately conflating free movement , the customs union and even eu and euro membership with ` grenzenlos ' travel are really not contributing the discussion . 
  this would be a minor annoyance to deal with a much bigger issue . 
  seems reasonable to me and only starts to sound unreasonable when people pretend it 'd be a much bigger deal than it actually is . . 
   probably increases trade and turism quite a lot . 
  border controls can be incredibly time consuming . 
  i doubt it 'd be significant , people nipping over the border for shopping and inter-eu trade pre-dates schengen significantly and whilst not having to wait for a few minutes at the border when there are checks being carried out might have some impact , it 's hardly significant . . border controls can be incredibly time consuming , but they usually are n't , the important bit is free travel , not the lack of border controls . 
  one of those is not like the other ... oh and again , whilst poland has benefited from its eu membership , that does n't mean it now must accept anything that the eu does , especially when the moves made by the eu are well . . wrong . 
  just to be clear then , you see no significant difference in the current immigration crisis and normal intra-eu migration ?
