  although if that is impossible , leaving is exactly the right next step . . 
   all this says to me is that he 's too scared to demand something significant and also very worried he 'll be seen as too soft . 
  agreed ...  he must hold his people in contempt if he really believes this would work . 
  he 's sort of stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  he wants the uk in the eu which means he needs to be able to point at successful reforms , which means those reforms ca n't really be significant . 
  on the other side , he has to show that he has succeeded in making the uks case in europe and stopped the threat of the eu ( the loss of sovereignty and control . . ) . 
  he ca n't really do either at this point . 
   this is n't hatred , it 's ideological differences over the future of the continent - europe is simply as fed up with the uk 's exceptionalism as the uk is with europe 's ` power grabs ' . 
  except there is real hatred expressed in this sub - it 's not the norm but it is certainly there , this issue is very divisive but i think it also highlights that even within the eu there are huge rifts ... 
  i 'd be interested to see who gets the short end of the stick once the uk is out of the eu , and frankly i would n't be surprised of the focus turned east . . 
  feel free to , but i do n't think that 'll change his position , and obviously it wo n't help with his mission of keeping the uk in the eu either . 
  but i suppose you may enjoy it . . 
   that is how democracy works . 
  in the context of a country it generally is , but the eu is n't a country , it a group of countries coming together . 
  so when you have one or more of those countries opposed to something , you no longer have that coming together , but instead you have an imposition . . 
  it might be different if people across the eu had decided that they wanted to be a single political entity , but that has n't happened yet so no . .  and i am from one of the smallest european states and i still think its fair . 
  why should bulgaria get as much representation in the eu as italy or france or the uk ? 
  that is not fair . 
  and we are getting the short straws sometimes . 
  like cancelling the south stream . 
  but it is for the better of europe so we do it . 
  you should get the same representation as france , italy or the uk because you are an equal in what is supposed to be a partnership , not a vassal in some sort of tyranny of the majority . 
  the idea is that you have power and that you are protected from that majority , if we lose that then we lose too much . .  and thats why i think you should leave the eu if you vote for it in the referendum . 
  obviously if the vote goes that way we will , and yes , i 'd agree . 
   nobody is making you stay forcefully . 
  if you do not support the ideals it wont be fair to change them so that they fit your desires . 
  i 'm a little wary of this , surely we should always be working to make sure that the eu , or any political entity is fit for purpose . 
  change within the eu , even with its aims seems like something that can be a positive thing , if the uk can build support for change , why should n't it ? 
  the idea that * `` you either accept the whole package or nothing . 
  we cant just let states choose what they like about the eu and lose the rest . 
  '' * seems absurd . 
  surely that 's exactly what the eu should be aiming for , the best possible deal for the member states and their citizens ... 
  to be fair , the people that the campaigns need to win over are people who can vote , so i 'm not sure how useful the feeling in / r/europe is going to be as an indication of anything . 
  but yeah , there seems to be some real hatred ... 
  it 's not even that ( i mean . . it 's important but sod it . . ) but oddly , all those things defined as ` benefits of eu membership ' suddenly become things that the uk * has * to be a part of as part of the costs of eu membership . . 
  and i take it trying to argue people round to changing the fundamental idea of what eu is is n't allowed ? 
  interesting , you 'd sort of assume in something that claims to be democratic it would be . 
  how so ? 
   getting uk to stay in the current eu is one thing , but getting uk on board with european integration in general seems like an impossible feat right now . 
  it probably is , there is very little public support for it and significant opposition to things like the euro ... that 's broadly why a two tier approach makes sense , the problem seems to be that no-one can define two tier and there still seems to be a demand for convergence ( so two speed really , still heading for the same point . . ) . 
  given the unlikelihood of that actually being defined , it might well be that the two speeds are in the eu and out of it ... 
   ukip needs a new name if scotland and wales ends up leaving to join eu . 
  ukip would need a new name if the uk leaves the eu anyway , or most likely they can just die in obscurity ( and victory , i suppose . . ) once their core issue has been resolved . 
  but of course scotland and wales leaving the uk is vanishingly unlikely . 
   this is what the eu parliament is , right ? 
  no it is n't , in much the same was a qmv does n't lead to unanimity . 
  it 'd be a political process that sort of maybe creates mostly a consensus . 
  that rally isn ' ; t the same thing . 
   a set of democratically elected people chosen from each state the number of which is proportionately decided by the state 's population . 
  the eu parliament works on legislature that at least in practice is supposed to better the eu as a whole . 
  and having that legislature binding to all states is much more effective than if states were allowed to `` red card '' because of in most cases silly reasons . 
  bit then you are in a position where the majority can drag a single member state along , or try to , or face claims that they have . 
   the eu is supposed to bring the european countries closer and to be a political union as well not only an economic one . 
  and i think this is the crux of the issue with the uk , people in the uk do n't really want a political union , for the vast majority the economics is the only really relevant part and the political aspect is seen as a negative not a positive . 
  if you do n't have that support and if the uk is in a minority , why would anyone want to bind the country into the eu - it 'd lose out massively ( possibly not economically , but politically and socially . . ) . 
   this is the future of the eu , this is what it has been aiming at since its creation . 
  if people do not agree with the purpose of the eu anymore then disband it and create a union with a different purpose . 
  or reshape this one if there is enough support . 
  if there is n't , then the uk should leave ( but i do n't think this reform does much to reshape the eu . . ) . 
   these are toxic politics . 
  britain already stands within the eu on special financial terms . 
  pushing this even further completely undermines the entire idea of an union . 
  he wants even more of a special relationship with less commitment . 
  which ` special ' financial terms are you talking about ? 
  obviously the uk has remained outside of the mess that is the eurozone and rightly so , but it is hardly alone there , and whilst the uk , with the city is a massive player in financial services , doing well is hardly something that should be punished . .  regardless , i 'm calling this a bluff . 
  it has already been established that europe without would suffer less than britain without europe . 
  i do n't think it has been established either way and that rally is n't the point here , the arguments about the uk doing better outside of the eu are secondary to quite a few people when compared to the ability for the uk to have a decent say in its own affairs . .  these have been camerons electoral politics for the good past 3 years . 
  however , this referendum might as well work . 
  wonder how will he go down in history if the english vote to leave agaisnt the wishes of both the scots and the welsh . 
  we 'll see how it goes , but i 'd be willing to bet that if people in england vote to go , that people in scotland and wales wo n't be far behind them . . 
   please leave , i am tired of the british politicians whining and slowing down the process for us all . 
  the uk is having a referendum on that remember , and at the moment the uk is n't slowing down the process , it 's just ( along with others ) not quite in the same place as you . 
   if the british people are actually dumb enough to believe their politicians lies , then so be it . 
  i hope you wo n't be too disappointed when you all realize that the shitty weather was not the evil doings of the `` brussel gods '' . 
  and if you think that 's an accurate reflection of the uks view on the eu now , you are pretty badly mistaken . . 
  what leverage are we using here ? 
  i mean , this is pretty weak and i can see even this getting a lot of push back . 
  i 'd be more worried about the uk being forced to compromise and weaken its own position to get some of , what is a very limited reform package . . 
   i completely agree that the eu needs reforms . 
  but not in making it weaker but more powerful . 
  i take it by that you mean centralisation and something headed toward a more federal structure than a collection of states working together ? 
  i ask because i always thought that the coming together of a set of countries to act on something they all mutually believed in was more powerful than trying to create a ` compromise federation ' that tried to look unanimous but generally failed and therefore ends up being less effective . .  the demands will only serve the uk 's interests while undermining the idea of the eu which will be detrimental for its future . 
  i suppose we all have different ideas as to what the future of the eu should be . 
   i dont see a purpose in the eu if the states can just `` red card '' its decisions . 
  on that , it 'd mean that the eu would move forward when there was real consensus , when countries could agree and possibly even when the people within those members states would support it too ( although that might be a bit much ... ) . 
  it seems like something that would add strength at this point , not weaken the eu , although obviously it would tilt the balance of power even more back toward nation states ( which is n't a bad thing . . ) . 
   this is hilarious . 
  what cameron wants its basically the eu to service the uk with nothing in return that 's what you got from this ? 
  i 'd have said cameron has managed to make ` reform ' an almost meaningless term asking for mostly inconsequential changes that neither do what the eu needs nor much of what people in the uk seem to want . . 
  essentially i see it as not even trying to deal with the core issues , and so making the ` remain ' option a non-starter with or without the reforms . 
  but you see it as turning all of the agreements toward a one sided servicing of the uk by the eu ? 
  amazing really . 
  the problem is they do n't really deliver on a change of relationship or reform of eu institutions either , they are essentially too reasonable to the point of not really doing anything that is needed ( for the eu or the uk . . ) ... point 2 . and point 3 are about as close as it gets , and they are very mild indeed . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how this is received more generally in the uk ( although i do n't think anyone was expecting that much more ) and what it does to the next few sets of polls now that this ( which essentially enumerates the best possible outcome for the uk . . ) is out there . . 
  it 's interesting that you see these as making the eu even more insignificant and i ( and i assume many others ) see the reforms themselves as largely insignificant . . 
  frankly , if cameron gets everything he wants , i do n't think it 'd change much , it certainly would n't address the core of the issues i have ( whilst putting some mild barriers in the way of good things like free movement . . ) . 
  and that 's probably where the problems will start , so you may well get your wish . . renegotiation and reform within the eu is needed , it 's vital for the eu and for its member states . 
  but this is n't that reform . 
  which i think are going to be greeted by derision for not going anywhere far enough , or dealing with anything other than the more politically useful things on the uk side ( and i think cameron has read the mood there wrong ) , and be seen as a fundamental attack on the entire project in favour of xenophobes and the city from the eu side ... 
  the quote : * david cameron will vow to seize control of britain 's borders and tackle the `` abuse '' of freedom of movement as he insists that securing eu reform is not `` mission impossible '' .
