  the fact that you have a currency without the associated powers required held in a centralised manner and without the various other tools that would normally come with it if the eurozone were a state and not a collection of them is source of massive weakness and instability . 
  but fixing that seems further away now than it did before the 2008 crash . .  the ukraine crisis was a failure both of the agreement to defend it but also of the eu foreign policy mechanism that is still not fully integrated . 
  it was a failure of eu foreign policy , because the eu does n't have a coherent foreign policy , and if it did , it would n't have any hard power to back it up ( and frankly limited soft power and almost no will to use it ... ) . 
  but there we again run into the minor issue of the eu not having a democratic mandate , or the domestic political will to forge anything beyond the union it has now . 
  it 's basically the worst of all worlds . 
   the refugee problem happened at our unintegrated border when the weak link fell , the internal security crises happened under unintegrated information arangements and it was belgium that became the weak link . 
  sort of , the refugee crisis was exacerbated by a lack of forward planning and the lack of a sensible , integrated security and refugee process . 
  again , coming from taking several steps in one direction and then failing to address the hard parts . .  this policy of arguing for weak and adhoc relations has been our doom , and arguing for more is not our solution . 
  it merely continued to cycle of failure . 
  no , at the international level there are lots of institutions that work . 
  the problem with the eu is this piecemeal approach that delivers things like schengen , like the euro , without addressing the difficult parts that ensure that in the event of a problem , those provisions are stable . 
  that is a problem with the eu as it exists now , it is not a symptom of bilateral or international agreements . . 
   but the eu is still a significant steel consumer , and considering the flood of chinese steel everywhere else in the world , we could have kept this section of the globe free of it , and maintain eu industries with that demand . 
  the eu could have , but it did n't . 
  that 's really the point . 
  for some members , the uk included , the reduced cost of steel , and the marginal benefit vs potential harm to its own industries was the dominant factor . 
  this is something that translates well beyond steel as well , we have an eu with a lot of diverging economic needs ( french agriculture , german manufacturing , british services ... ) that are in some cases , notably the latter , poorly served by the eu internally and externally . 
  essentially what you are describing is eu members using protectionist policies to protect other members , which seems fine and a good sign of solidarity , except of course the members who would benefit most from those protections are also out-competing other eu states in those areas . 
  essentially the uk would pay to protect steel production in other parts of the eu whilst not seeing a benefit ( indeed bearing the costs of others seeing a benefit . . ) after years of having state investment edge out their own industries ... now , i 'll take a moment to say that i think the uk government should have followed the german , french and dutch lead on how they drove investment in these industries , but the uk did n't . 
  but at the same time , the areas where the uk has excelled , notably in services also has n't seen other eu member states open their doors to competition . 
  essentially the give and take on different economic sectors has n't been there , at least in part because of the feeling that there was a need to protect domestic industries even within the bloc . .  so a eu tariff scheme would have significantly helped stem the tide until chinese steel production fell . 
  and my point is that not allowing us to do that has significantly hurt not only european steel manufactures , but also other product manufacturers which also suffer from chinese product dumping . 
  of course the other side of this is that it has reduced the cost of finished products both for domestic consumption and export . 
  to a certain extent it has also driven efficiency and ensured that those producers that still exist ( even with state support ... ) are and will remain far more competitive . 
  i think i 'm also right in saying that it has pushed specialisation in the eu ( including the uk . . ) which is probably more valuable than the production of steel generally . 
  the point on dumping is correct though ( and again something that has a different flavour depending on the eu state you happen to be talking about ) , it 's not a bad thing for consumers or other manufacturers , and indeed for the uk it is probably a net positive , but long term it might end up causing problems that are expensive to reverse . 
   i 'm sorry that , as you say , tata could not have benefited from this as well . 
  so am i , it 's rather a lot of jobs to lose in areas that have been suffering for a long time . 
  lets see if this conservative government can at least salvage that to some extend through investment , although ... 
  i 'm not going to hold my breath . 
  lastly though , i 'll go back to my first point . 
  this issue does n't illustrate a strength of the eu , it illustrates a significant flaw and frankly one i find hard to suggest a solution to , beyond suggesting that the larger member states may be better able to protect and promote their interests individually than they can collectively within the eu , when that eu consists of lots of states of varying sizes and different interests ... 
   but it is n't important what is important to uk , instead important is who china consider important . 
  and china does , and will continue to see the uk as important . 
  the uk 's eu membership is a component of sino-british cooperation , but it is far from all of it . 
  the uk and china have quite a lot of areas of mutual interests , from the uks financial sector through to stable investment opportunities for a cash rich china , and of course things like access to uk education and markets . 
  china and the uk have a long and somewhat convoluted history , but we do have a relationship that goes well beyond whether the uk is in the eu or not . 
  it 's probably also important to note that whilst the eu may be more important on a purely economic basis to china than the uk will be if it leaves , the eu will also lose the ability to negotiation on those elements that are as a result of the uk being part of the eu ... you will also note that china has been working quite hard at building bilateral ties , and working around the eu rather than through it . 
  that 's not a coincidence and it 's working rather well for china and the eu members who are embracing a bilateral approach in those areas where the eu does n't have the relevant competencies . 
  i 'd always take those kinds of forecasts with a huge pinch of salt , but at the same time , the uk economy is n't going anywhere quickly , even if you take the most dire predictions about leaving the eu into account . 
   foreign owned or not , it would have allowed it to remain competitive in the eu , now no eu-made steel is competitive in the eu due to the large amount of chinese imports . 
  the problem with foreign ownership is that the owners are looking to maximise profit and get a good return on investment . 
  even if the eu had put protections in place , the prospect of investing in uk steel would have been less than attractive , largely because of a lack of investment in the uk in the last few decades . 
  the uk has imported more steel mill products from the eu than it has exported for years , the largest export location for uk steel is asia and ( and this is the important bit ... ) uk steel exports of all kinds amounted to 12mt in 2014 , that compares to 42mt from germany ( with a larger share of the eu market . . ) ... 
  so given the export markets for uk steel , you can see what tarrifs would have done in terms of uk steel exports , and what that would in turn mean for foreign investment and the existing foreign owned steel industry in the uk . 
  add to that the cost of uk imports ( steel is cheap and the uk trade balance on steel has been negative for something like 8 of the last 10 years . . ) and how that would impact other uk industry the idea of tarrifs does n't seem that great for the wider economy . 
  that said , there are other actions that the uk government could have taken , but they did n't ... 
  so there is n't much to say about that . 
  in all honesty , as nice as it might have been , i do n't think the uk steel industry , never mind the uk economy generally would have benefited from tariffs , which i assume is why the government took the position that it did . 
   please , do n't . 
  this government might be pro-staying in the eu but it 's not pro-eu . 
  it is pro-eu , just an eu that is more to it 's liking , which is about neoliberalism and trade and very much not about closer union , protectionism and quasi solidarity . 
  but then that is n't exactly a minority view in the uk . 
  but then the eu is supposed to be a coming together of it 's members , it is n't some stand alone entity with only good intentions or some sort of vaguely left wing basis ( wish that it were . . ) . 
  my point however remains , the eu has n't saved european steel , it ca n't . 
  that comes down to the members , the issues at tata are not because of the eu and they wo n't be solved at the eu level either , not whilst member states have diverging needs an interests on that topic . 
   it would have helped the eu steel industry . 
  the uk government lead the anti-tariff block , without it we might have actually had the tools to deal with the situation on the continent . 
  indeed , but the tories did n't and the eu ca n't . 
  i do n't think what our government did was right for the uk steel industry ( although i 'm not sure that punitive tariffs would actually have helped the uk industry all that much given it 's largely foreign owned ) but then there are several avenues they could , but have n't gone down that would have . 
  i note other eu countries are doing that to some success . . at the end of the day though , that is the situation within the eu , with a pro-eu government in whitehall . . 
   which was completely the fault of the conservatives . 
  what he should have said was , `` it would n't have happened , if the conservatives were n't run by idiots . '', 
  i agree entirely . 
  the tories have handled it incredibly poorly , although that 's somewhat to be expected , even the coalition government managed to fuck over british steel and the supply chain . 
  there is n't really a lot to said about it other than the fact that being in or out of the eu really would n't have helped much . 
   also , the reality is that this is completely right , spamming about how the uk is the 6th largest economy ... it would n't be when it leaves the eu , not until it re-negotiates trade deals - depends on there being no negative reaction and the economy shrinking due to that . 
  of course it will be . 
  even the more dire predictions about uk economic decline outside of the eu would n't do enough damage to push the uk 's economy down below that of india 's . 
  even without a trade deal uk/reu trade is n't going to disappear and the impact on it would be marginal at best . 
  sure , it would n't be great , but even in the worst case , it does n't come close to the impact that say the 2008 crash had . .  and then you have , us , eu and cn which goes by simple numbers of how much they import from uk/export to uk have a much stronger negotiating position . 
  this strange idea that simply being bigger means you have massive leverage to impose punishing trade deals goes against all the evidence of what you see from deals already in place ... 
  the uk is larger than most other economies , it was before it joined the eu and will be after , and it will continue to peruse freer and more open trade globally , that is pretty much the same position that china and the us are in ( the eu tends to be a bit more protectionist , but then the uk/eu trade relationship means that any real barriers in place would hurt eu countries like france and germany quite significantly as well as the uk , with no benefit to either side . . ) . 
   so facts are facts , the uk economy will get worse if it leaves the eu , whether it stays that way for a significant period of time is the question , not if it will . 
  facts are indeed facts , but that the uk economy will get worse if it leaves the eu is n't fact , in all likelihood very little will change either way . 
  in the long term , i 'd argue that the uk would be in a better position to improve it 's economic situation ( population growth will see to that if nothing else ) but to a large extent that will come down to national government and economic leadership rather than what clubs it happens to be in . . 
  i 'd agree in so far as it is a distraction , but at the same time , ( and in another first for me ) i tend to agree somewhat with jacob rees-mogg , i think it does help the leave side . 
  i do n't think obama 's intervention will sway many of those who already support leaving and i think it will sway quite a few of those that hold significantly anti-us sentiment that anything the us supports is probably a bad thing . 
  add the whole the ` elites ' want it angle and it gets quite interesting . 
  in reality it probably breaks about even , it helps the remain about as much as it helps leave , but that assumes that any further statement does n't add anything silly to the debate , anything that sounds like a threat will help leave more , the same goes for anything that suggests closer integration . . 
  i also thing that the security arguments are seen as somewhat laughable ( especially in light of recent us statements about european defence ) so there is a lot he could say that would do more to damage remain than the opposite . 
  why stick to the english speaking countries ... 
  the eu is all well and good , but in terms of being able to put agreements in place for international trade , it is n't actually that great a vehicle for the uk . 
  the balancing of interests across the bloc means that the uk is losing potential negotiating points before we sit down at the table with china or anyone else . 
  when we have to protect the interests of various sectors across various states that are n't similar to our own , when we ca n't even sort out the free movement of services within the eu and where we have various ancillary domestic political points ( like visa free travel at the moment ) being thrown into the mix , the value of negotiating as a bloc is somewhat eroded . 
  yes , the uk is smaller than the eu as a group , but it 'd be negotiating for itself in future trade negotiations , not relying on someone else to do so on our behalf . 
  that does n't mean that the uk , given it 's size and strengths would be at a massive disadvantage , it means it 'd be more able to tailor such agreements to it 's needs . 
  no , the uk might not be able to extract some of the concessions that various eu countries seem to need to protect various aspects of their domestic economies , but then it would n't need to , and at present some of those concessions would be granted at the cost of uk interests , and they are granted at the cost of other nations interests at present within the eu . 
  we do need to work internationally on things like the environment and climate change , we do need to work on international standards globally , we do need a way of coordinating intelligence and policing across borders , but we can do all of that at the international level , or in the case of intelligence and defence , bilaterally or regionally . 
  we do n't need another tier to work through and we certainly do n't need quasi-political structures to add legitimacy to that international coordination ( that is what our governments are for . . ) . 
  i spent an afternoon once in a pub with a farmer and some archaeologists who were doing geophysical surveys of ( iirc . . ) a possible iron age settlement and discussed , in great detail the various pro 's and con 's , the risk of nightwalkers ( metal detectors who operate illegally ) , the issues with balancing the need for farmers to use their land and the time it takes to do any serious archaeological investigations and just how hard it is to fund stuff , so i 've read up on it a few times . 
  it did sort of strike me as both fairly balanced , but also rally interesting . 
  i had thought that finding something thousands of years old , and potentially historically interesting would involve far more drama and intervention than it actually does . 
  on balance though it seems to mostly work for the uk and balances the ability to use the land with the recording of , and preservation of our history . . not sure how it compares to other countries though . 
   britain would be `` completely killed '' in global trade negotiations if it voted to leave the eu because it would be reduced to the status of jersey and guernsey . . 
  it 's the 5th/6th largest economy in the world , it would hardly be reduced to the status of small crown dependencies , that 's bizarre . 
  as to the eu being in a better position to negotiate as a group , that 's broadly accurate , but the negotiates have to take into account the needs and interests of all the other 27 states ... what 's even more amusing is the line that tata 's decision to abandon its uk steel operations indicate the dangers of a british exit ... that 's happening with the uk as part of the eu . 
  now i 'm not going to suggest leaving the eu would solve that particular problem , but clearly being part of the eu is n't either . 
  if anything , that is something the uk government is responsible for either way . 
  in the uk the law says that archaeological objects ( apart from treasure ) normally belong to the landowner .
