  that leads to the desire for other checks and an aversion to expansion for the sake of expansion or for the sake of power . .  i still want a common security and foreign policy , but i base it around the core notion that these should serve as a means to preserve all people 's autonomy within europe to create the societies they want to live in . 
  i suppose my argument would be that the ability to execute a common security and foreign policy means grants a capability that is hard to take back and one that can be used both as you intend , and rather differently . 
  i 'm also not sure that the benefits are worth the risk in that regard . 
  i no-more want to be part of a democratic empire than i want to be part of a benign dictatorship !, 
   we can of course disagree if that is needed , but i most certainly agree that any federal power needs to be justified , and justified well . 
  justified , accountable and only created through consent - consent i , and many others would n't currently care to give , but your basic principle is sound . 
  well , yeah . 
  but we knew that was going to be the case months ago ... 
  the value in the deal is that cameron gets to sell it as a ` reformed ' eu and that it might have taken the edge off leaving for people whose biggest issue with the eu is immigration ( rather than the slew of other issues that frankly , are vastly more important ... ) . 
  looks like selling it that way is going to be hard in both cases now , so expect some other drama to unfold to distract people from discussing actual issues around membership . . 
   this is not about measuring dicks . 
  is about keeping europe stable and to not be at mercy of bigger economies . 
  stability in europe is n't based on the existence of the eu though , i 'm sure it 's helpful in some areas , but it 's not the be all and end all . 
  as to being at the mercy of bigger economies , i think that threat is significantly overblown . 
  you can see the effort that countries and blocs already make to ensure that there is relatively tariff and barrier free trade , even with small economies . . 
  indeed we already work together with small countries , less developed states and indeed large ones in areas of science , development , military cooperation and a host of other issues . 
  the ` eu has to be bigger than everyone else ' argument really does seem to come down to either dick measuring , or dreams of dominance . . 
   my mother and sister are also on board with it . 
  hmm . 
  evidence that you have been radicalised . 
  i think there is a hotline we can call . . 
  not sure the conditions then were anything like viable for that kind of union though , never mind the political will ... not to mention that german reunification would have been interesting . . 
  it amazes me that there are n't more people on both the leave and remain side of the debate raising some red flags about what this renegotiation says about the institutions and change mechanisms within the eu ... after all , if these changes that are fundamental to the eu ( and they are claimed to be . . ) , and can be demanded and implemented in the way these have been , and were irrevocable and binding ( again , as is claimed ) . 
  then we have some real problems around accountability and democracy . 
  and of course if they are n't fundamental , or they are n't irrevocable or binding , they they are almost valueless in the context of making a decision in a referendum . . 
   federalism in europe will not work with a european government intend on pushing a moral agenda , an ideal of `` european solidarity '' or if it exist as a simple power grab . 
  instead , it should serve as a vessel that institutionalises problem-solving procedures for conflicts of interests/threats ( internal & external ) that are of such a magnitude that nation states alone can not solve them . 
  furthermore , it must be with strong democratic legitimisation . 
  amusingly for some , i broadly agree that this is the only way that any federal europe would work ( i 'd like to see the uk outside of that , but still ) , and that anything else would be pretty detrimental to the eu if it were possible at all . 
  it is however interesting to read the way the arguments for federalisation ( and indeed close union and integration . . ) are framed by many people - it is , as you say , more akin to a power grab . 
  the notion that the end game is that the eu is powerful , that it takes its place on the international stage , that it is capable of independent military action , runs its own foreign policy etc. . . and that it is about the eu as an entity , rather than about a collection of states working together in areas of mutual need . 
  * part 2 - [ see part one here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/45zt1k/what_is_everyones_opinion_of_a_federalised_europe/d01v8m1 ) *  and how exactly is that going to be fixed if we leave the eu ? 
  you are quite clearly trying to conflate democratic deficit in the uk with democratic deficit in the eu . 
  the referendum itself would fix it in terms of the uks relationship with the eu . 
  and then we could do with dealing with the issues the uk has in terms of democratic accountability too . 
   again , this is another attempt conflation of uk democratic deficit with eu democratic deficit . 
  yes . . ? 
  but still a democratic deficit . 
   clearly the answer to brussels is n't more westminster , because most of your complaints seem to be about westminster itself ... rather than brussels ... no , the answer is a referendum on eu membership and reform in westminster . 
  the eu is n't any better at this , it compounds the issue . 
  but i note you ignored my point , how can you claim that eu expansion and treaty changes have been based on a sound democratic footing when there are issues with that footing in the uk - and the uk is hardly the least democratic state in the eu . 
   what will leaving the eu do to actually fix this home grown democratic deficit marsman ? 
  nothing ... that is the crux of the argument , plain and simple . 
  it will be as a result of a question asked and answered by the electorate . 
  it wo n't solve the underlying issues , but that is an evolutionary process that i 'm sure will continue to see progress ...  so another home grown problem with democratic deficit , that for some reason you think can be fixed by leaving an international organisation ; when the problem is fundamentally a national one . 
  yes indeed . 
  so , just to sum up , the issue with democratic accountability within the eu is one thing , the democratic basis for our eu membership and continued association is absolutely one that has national problems with democratic credibility . 
  the referendum solves that particular issue , whether the uk stays or goes . 
  the uk still has to deal with domestic reform either way too ( and the eu needs it desperately too , with or without the uk ) . 
   i 'm speechless right now . 
  not sure why , i was pretty clear and this is hardly a new position of mine . 
   you seem to be advocating leaving because of national problems , which is incredibly confusing now . 
  clearly you need to read through again . 
  i 'm saying that the position of the eu now is n't based on a solid footing , it is n't based on consent from people in the uk , it is based on support from governments in an environment where popular support has n't been needed . 
  that means that the direction the eu is taking and it 's impact on the uk has n't been scrutinised properly and objections have been ignored . 
  that in turn means that there seems to be quite a bit of popular pressure for the uk to change the eu or leave , and that is a good reason for leaving , because the eu is n't likely to change in the way that people in the uk would like to see . 
  clearer ? 
   it has support from the elected representatives of those member governments . 
  but not necessarily the populations of those member states . .  and afaik eurobarometer says majority support full stop , not that statistics mean much to a eurosceptic . 
  across the eu yes , and that 's lovely . 
  support for the eu in specific countries is more fragile , and changes depending on what you ask , including in the uk . 
   can i get a source on this ? 
  no doubt it comes straight from your arse . 
  recent polling in the uk ? 
  the rise of euro-sceptic parties , many of them rather objectionable in other ways , in places like france ? 
  come on . 
  * part 1 - [ see part 2 here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/45zt1k/what_is_everyones_opinion_of_a_federalised_europe/d01v976 ) *  the `` direction of travel '' is still and has always been a multi-speed europe where each country can pursue further integration or less integration at their own pace ... 
  the speed and the destination are rather different things though . 
  the aim is still integration , that is essentially the basis of the eu as it is now . 
   then that nullifies your point about it only being relevant when we are in the eu ... because as you rightfully agree , the eu and therefore the ep will continue to exist even when we leave ; and both will continue to influence the world and europe . 
  so again , the question is do you want your democratic voice to be heard in the ep or not ? 
  and my answer again is i do not , because i do n't want to be part of the eu . 
  lets be clear , there are lots of entities that influence the world and europe , from the us to china , through russia and saudi arabia . 
  the uk is a large developed economy , with good global trade and a whole lot else going for it ... 
  the eu is far from the only option for the uk , and it 's far from the best in its ideal form , never mind how it is now . 
   nafta is not worth mentioning because :  it 's member nations do not vest power into a single representative . 
   it 's members do not share a seat at the wto , where international regulations are made . 
  making nafta a non-player in international trade . 
   it 's members do not share constituents , the eu does via the ep . 
  so nafta is n't an issue because it does n't meet your criterea for a trade bloc ( which appears to be , ` it 's not like the eu . . ) . 
  fair enough , lets put it another way , the uk does n't have a voice in us decision making beyond influence either , or any number of other influential blocs ... 
  i do n't think the uk should have a voice in the ep if it is outside of the eu any more than i think it should have a say in the internal workings of any other entity it is n't a part of . 
  for that there would be external influence and negotiation . .  no it is n't , no one is asking the uk to priorities the eu over others . 
  what they are asking is for the uk to pool it 's influence with the rest of the eu , to create something better and more influential . 
  as part of the eu , the uk does prioritise it 's relationship with the eu . . that 's the whole set up , or as you put it ' to pool it 's influence with the rest of the eu , to create something better and more influential . ', 
   no one is asking the uk to do that . 
   no doubt you 've conflated relationship with bilateral trade negotiations though , classic . 
  eu membership prioritises the uk relationship with the eu , it gives it a special status that is greater in scope than any other bilateral relationship ... 
  i mean come on , uk citizens are eu citizens as part of the eu , that is a fairly big indicator that as a member of the eu , the eu becomes the priority . 
  you make the point repeatedly that the uk would get more influence as part of the eu , that again would mean prioritising the uk 's eu relationship over others ... and that 's relevant well beyond trade . 
  given you are a federalist , i assume you want to see more of that , and that eventually the uk relationship with the eu would be that it is a state in a federal entity , a federal entity with foreign policy and all the rest of it , so this notion that it 's just some loose association that has no impact on the uk 's relationships with other countries is beyond absurd . 
  we are part of the eu , the ep , the commission and european council . 
  are you trying to deny facts now or what ? 
  if we leave the eu we would n't be part of he eu , the ep , the commission and european council . 
  hence the point about not needing to be heard in the ep if we leave the eu . 
  is that clear enough ? 
   coming from someone who refuses to see any benefits whatsoever ... 
  i see plenty of benefits from eu membership , the problem is they are outweighed by the costs . 
  some are less valuable than other too . 
   you 'll have to excuse me whilst i continue to not care .
