  i 'd expect the civil service to have apportioned an appropriate amount of time and ensure that everything goes to plan . 
  if something does go wrong ( which is always possible i suppose ) i 'd expect them to be looked after , kept informed and apologised to . 
  keeping someone waiting is a calculated insult and a stupid one at that , whether it 's the un secretary-general or the mayor of stockport , i would n't expect them to be kept waiting as some sort of bizarre show of strength . 
  it 's not about someone being lucky , its good manners , and if you do try to insult people in this manner , it 's pretty much guaranteed to bite you in the arse at some point when you need something , and ca n't secure it ... you 'd have to be a bit of a cunt to leave the representative of any body sat in your hallway when you have an appointment set up , to do it so often that it gets commented upon really says more about the idiot making people sit outside . . 
   and is n't germany much more successfull in its business dealings with china than the uk ? 
  this is quite an interesting question . . germany does more bilateral trade in goods ( $ 92.5 bn in imports $ 87.5 bn in exports ) than the uk ( $ 55bn in imports , $ 18bn in exports ) , but oddly enough chinese investment is much higher in the uk than in germany ( $ 2.21 bn vs $ 13.9 bn in terms of contracts and direct investment since 2013 . 
  oh and when it comes to services , it gets even muddier , because in terms of financial services , the uk does a lot . . 
  so i 'm not sure that germany is ` much ' more successful , i guess you 'd have to define the success criteria a little more accurately . 
  germany ships more stuff , the uk seems to be making more money ... 
  uh , i 'd still go with lolno , its the usual argument of , assuming nothing changes and things get worse , it might be bad in a while , so lets reduce pensions pay outs . 
  fta : * martin eling , professor of economics at the university of st gallen , estimated that occupational pension funds will face a sfr55bn hole in their funding by 2030 if the government does not overhaul the system . 
  * essentially the discussion is about pension funds looking at options to deal with the potential shortfalls , with a suggestion of lowering the 6.8 per cent conversion rate to 6 per cent and increasing social contributions per employee ... 
  someone with more understanding of the swiss pension system can probably chime in with some notion of what that 'd mean and how popular it 'd be . 
  to be fair , i get the impression that georgia wanted the eu to put pressure on ... 
  there were more and more eu flags behind saakashvili every time he appeared on tv . 
  i think i 've been pretty consistent in talking about access to the market , not joining it and that is pretty much the key difference i would have thought - that does put some of your other comments in a different context and i apologise if i 've misunderstood the thrust of your arguments then - however i would just say that i have been pretty consistent in talking about market access ... 
   you 're basically arguing that the situation after brexit would be the uk having similar levels of access to eu markets as it now has , but without eu rules at no point have i argued that ...  the uk can get a more or less advantageous free trade deal , but it can not have single market access on the same terms as it now has without adopting the single market rules , any more than it can play tennis without adopting the rules of tennis . 
  no , the uk will have to negotiate access regardless , and that 'll be part of the exit negotiations . 
  access to the esm is what the uk would want , the basis of that access would obviously be negotiated , but should be entirely possible . . 
   sure , but that 's not the same thing as access to the single market . 
  no , that is the same as access to the single market , it 's not the same as being part of the single market ... 
  ha , that 's fine and yes thanks . 
  hey , at least we are both in favour of better human rights/civil liberties protections . . 
  cheers . 
  i think largely because of the narrative on eu membership during the indyref and the comments made by the snp on a second referendum if the uk decided to leave the eu . . 
  there seems to be widespread acceptance in this sub at least that scotland will demand and then get an immediate referendum if the uk votes out to the eu , even if that does n't seem terribly likely and the outcome of that referendum is n't ( on the current evidence anyway ) likely to be much different to the last one . . 
   but would require the negotiation of a full free trade agreement between the uk and the eu , in which the eu would be very much the larger negotiator . 
  but one where both parties want to remove trade barriers ... that is what the eu has been doing , what the uk generally has always done , the eu have been trying to open up economies and gain access to markets , the eu is hardly going to take a different approach with the uk . 
   i 'd say the disparity in negotiating power between a 27 member eu and an independent uk would mean that the trade would not continue as normal . 
  that is n't borne out by the other agreements the eu has put in place with smaller economies , or the uks normal approach to trade over the last 70 odd years . 
  the eu and uk are all about eliminating barriers , they are n't going to erect them here for the sheer hell of it . 
   what is to stop these immigrants entering the uk undocumented via the common travel area ? 
  nothing , but then they 'd be illegal immigrants , in much the same way that americans who overstay their visa 's are ... 
  i like free movement , so this is n't entirely my area of competence , but i 'd assume that those who want to control migration still want to see visa free travel across the eu and further , but want more control over residency . .  ireland remaining in the eu will also make the irish border an external border of the eu customs union the customs union is distinct from the eu and has non-eu states as signatories , so not necessarily . . 
   if parliament repealed the eca tomorrow , all hell would break loose . 
  well yes . . of course , parliament is constrained politically by people . .  if they nibbled around the edges on due process and implemented more surveillance here and there , it 's unlikely that anyone would notice . 
  at least today , agreed ...  i have some potential recourse in a ) uk courts because eu law stands above parliament because of the eca , and those rights are better enshrined there than in the uk , b ) because of the ecj , and c ) because of the echr . 
  all three of those are under significant pressure due to the referendum and the current government 's willingness to discuss repealing the hra because they have to treat a few prisoners a little better . 
  you 'd have potential recourse in the courts in either case , the question is whether you would win ... 
  i suppose we 'll see what happens with the pi case currently on its way over , but based on previous rulings it would n't get too far , because of the compromises in the rights that are available via the echr , i mean take a look at this and you can see the compromise ( emphasis mine obv ) . 
  * everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life , his home and his correspondence . 
  * * there shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this right * *** except such as is in accordance with the law and is necessary in a democratic society in the interests of national security , public safety or the economic wellbeing of the country , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others . 
  *** ( art 8 of the echr ) you 'd be better off with a stronger set of protections based in uk law , backed up by the uk being signed up to the echr . . that can happen with the uk in or outside of the eu though ...  yes , many of the rights that people deem universal have their roots in british democracy . 
  but the uk lags behind in making -- and keeping -- those rights universal , as demonstrated on a daily basis by politicians who have a staggering amount of support . 
  no , it really , really does n't . 
  the uk continues to make progress , what people seem to forget is that it is always necessary to fight for them and that in that context that a flexible system is always better than a rigid one . 
  if you look at any of the rights we have now , we have had progress , regression and progress , with the direction of travel continuing to be positive . . we have some huge fights on our hands now about the internet and privacy in that context , but we can and will win , because of our parliamentary system , not despite it ...  i 'm not saying constitutions and the rights they provide should be impossible to change , but i think they should be difficult to change . 
  leaving the eu means any government has a much easier job doing so . 
  again , i think that 's wrong . 
  but i can see we wo n't agree . . 
   there 's obviously more to the eu than the single market , but most of it does follow on from that even if one is n't interested in the rest of it . 
  indeed , the single market is essentially the basis that is being built on . 
  that 's broadly where we 've gone with it since the uk 's entrance ( and so we are seeing a broadening of the single market , and new markets being regulated by the eu in some areas , as well as pushes in other areas on the grounds of democratic accountability and political unity . . ) . 
   after all , political union is n't for most people a goal in itself ( obviously it is for some ) , it 's something that follows as a necessary control mechanism over the rest of integration . 
  well sort of , it does if you keep pushing integration , but ever closer political union is essentially both the driver and the aim ( there is no specific end point suggested , just ever closer union . . ) . 
   in the case of those who want the uk to leave the eu , the single market is obviously the most relevant feature - you 're hardly concerned about access to schengen or the euro , after all . 
  indeed , or any of the other things that are likely to come after . 
  and that is the point , the eu is on a path driven by political union , the uk does n't want that and is looking for a different direction , leaving the eu offers that . 
   presumably , then , you 're saying that the uk will be able to negotiate access to the single market on its own terms , so that it gets all the good points of the eea but does n't have to adopt the eu 's rules in exchange . 
  no of course not , that 'd be daft . 
  but i think the uk can negotiate market access with the relevant rules and input on regulation , without having to be party to anything else , that could be something along the lines of eea membership ( the uk is a member after all . . ) something closer to a modified efta type deal or something else entirely . 
  does n't really matter what it is tbh , it 'll be a trade deal that comes with benefits and responsibilities that balance ...  i think that 's hopeful nonsense , and you 'd need to put forward a much better argument than `` because the uk is big '' to support it . 
  if you can have access to the single market without following the single market rules , the single market is n't a single market . 
  and the argument that the uk could n't negotiate similar access to eu markets as non european states is absurd too . 
  of course there will be rules , but the uk is a large economy , the rules wo n't be one sided or opposed , there will be a mechanism in place between the eu and the uk to maintain and enforce them , much like there is for any number of other treaties . .  tbh , i think your argument is predicated on the comfortable belief that the eu can not function without the uk , and that the uk can therefore set its own terms , which i think the rest of the eu would rather disagree with . 
  erm , i 'd disagree with that too . . 
  the uk ca n't set its own terms , but nor can the eu . 
  the uk can and most likely will work with the eu to put together a deal that makes sense to the uk and the eu , that will mean market access in both directions ( that is the benefit that the eu is after , after all . . ) . 
   if you can think of occasions where the third most important member of a group was able to set the rules just as it liked , you might be right , but it seems improbable to me . 
  the eu has and is seeking bilateral treaties with other countries and blocs , all of them smaller than the eu ( with the uk in , but that 's beside the point for now ... ) and it manages to set up structures that ensure that regulatory standards are met in both directions . 
  do you think that this suddenly becomes more difficult or impossible because a country is a former member of the bloc , or located in the same general vicinity ? 
   short of repealing the european communities act , citizens will have potential recourse against the government in courts , even uk ones . 
  yeah , and the european communities act is an act of a british parliament . .  and no , the defence of my rights should not lie with the british people . 
  but surely it is the exercise of self determination on the part of people in the uk from which everything else flows ... who else can determine , implement and protect rights other than the people who they will apply to ? 
   almost every other civilised country enshrines those types of rights in constitutions that are much more difficult to change than a simple majority . 
  right , and most of those constitutions came out of revolutions or rebellions that overturned something else . . 
  many of those constitutions have been picked at , interpreted , misinterpreted and otherwise mangled by the courts ... 
  the chinese constitution guarantees political and religious freedom , the us constitution guarantees a citizens right to a fair trial , yet they have the largest plea bargaining rate in the world , a huge prison population and people wait years for trial ... constitutions are all well and good , the uk has one , in the body of law that it has amassed and that is defended by protections that are inherent in the structure of parliament , with the consent of the people through the democratic process and the crown ... that 's civilised and it seems to work . 
   parliamentary supremacy is a terrible principle that belongs in the landfill of history . 
  and yet many of the rights that people deem universal have their roots in british parliamentary democracy and indeed parliamentary sovereignty . 
  essentially it works , it 's flexible and you can both reform and fix reforms more effectively than under other systems of government ... 
  the eu does n't have a constitution , it 's human rights are largely the product of a separate body established by yet another body , and they are applied in the uk through laws passed in parliament . . 
  explain to me again how the eu guarantees your rights , and how those rights do n't stem from the people in the uk . 
   but i 'm not sure how they prevent my conclusion if the uk negotiates an eea type of arrangement . 
  i suppose the point is that the uk has more leverage to ensure that any agreement does n't straight-jacket them and does what they want . 
  remember that the uk broadly is n't against the rules surrounding trade , where those rules are fairly well constrained ( and the uk has competent regulators too , so . . ) , essentially there is a lot of scope for the uk to lose the ` benefits ' of being part of the block , whilst ensuring and securing market access ( in both directions ) on decent terms . .  canada etc are clearly separate , non-european countries , the uk is a european country whether it chooses to be in the eu or not . 
  i 'm not sure why that 's clearly anything . 
  the uk is a european country , but that does n't suddenly mean that the eu has any particular special privileges ...  it will be seen to be part of the general eu paradigm because of its location and its relationship , which would require the uk adopting a good proportion of the eu 's rules in exchange for access to the eu 's single market . 
  the uk 's location works both ways to be honest and lets face it , the uk is n't a land locked state , it does n't lack infrastructure and it is well connected globally , it will be influenced by the eu , probably even to a greater extent than it will be influenced by other economies , but it is n't solely dependent on eu trade either ...  only if the uk negotiates an entirely independent relationship with the eu - that is , one that does n't involve single market access every trade agreement with the eu involves access to the single market , the mechanism that the uk decides to go with define that access . 
   does that make sense ? 
  not really , the uk would be opting out of political union and minimising its exposure to the eu politically , it 'd not be on the same trajectory as the eu and , whilst there would obviously be bilateral agreement on rules as related to trade ( as there is with every trade agreement ) it certainly would n't be going in the same direction set by the eu . 
  what i will say is that it is interesting how people want to boil the eu back down to being the single market when it suits them , the eu is n't . . 
  many people in the uk like the single market and would be happy to be part of an eu that was defined by it , but it is n't and that 's where the issues start . . 
  i think there is some pressure for positive change , it may well be more possible if the uk is n't involved given the different direction i think some eu members want to see , but yeah , i wonder if the aims of the eu as it stand are n't a bit over ambitious and that that ambition may harm the success it has achieved . 
   not if the uk winds up negotiating some kind of eea arrangement . 
  of course the eu and uk are going to come to an agreement on trade , that 'll be a fairly high priority as the exit is negotiated . .  that would actually show that the eu is still the only direction of travel but you can be dragged along behind instead of riding in the car if you like - something already shown by norway , iceland and switzerland . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  lets be clear , the largest of those has an economy around 4x smaller than that of the uk the smallest has one that is almost 180x smaller ... they all carry out massively less international trade and are massively smaller markets for the eu ... 
  the uk represents 20 % of the eu 's current economy it 's bigger than all of the countries that the eu currently has bilateral agreements with ... do you really think it 'll be getting dictated to ? 
  do you think that the eu is in a position to drag canada , mexico , japan and south korea behind it ?
