  it could well do as much damage to the eu as the uk if not more in absolute terms . . 
  but that 's pretty much immaterial given that 's not going to happen . 
  and you talked about the customers an export of germany , france , italy , spain ... and i thought i 'd address that . 
  on the international standing side , the uk has a unsc seat and is extremely capable diplomatically and militarily . . 
  i suppose the point is that the uk arguably has more influence independently , where it already punches above its weight , than it does as one small part of a bloc that seems to manage to fail to meet its own potential . . 
   eu as unfied thing which can offer all the power and customers an export of germany , france , italy , spain , ... uk is incomparable to that the uk is currently 20 % of that . . 
  if the uk were outside of the eu it 'd be a huge market that the eu would want open access to and of course the uk would want open access to the esm too . 
  you think either side would act against their interests in that ? 
   the accusation is that it is hypocrisy if one group passes itself off as another . 
  in reality , the grass roots/normal people for brexit and the big companies for brexit should form individual interest groups that work together jointly since they share a goal . 
  that would be more honest . 
  so should the same happen for those opposing brexit and how do you define the two ? 
  more to the point , why split people on this basis and not some other basis ( or require political parties to split along the same lines !? ) . 
  i 'm not sure what you think this group is passing itself off as at the moment , all the campaigns ( and again , on both sides . . ) seem to have a decent amount of money behind them and are now rallying the people who support them to their various banners . . of course there are a whole stack of existing groups already that support or oppose eu membership , they all have varying reasons for existing , the campaigns should be there to bring those people together somewhat ... 
   so , how fucked up does one group or party or person has to be that you would distance yourself from them even though one point on their agenda would be a brexit ? 
  where is the limit ? 
  i suppose it 's a bit of a daft question to be honest ... 
  personally , i tend to have issues with right-wing positions generally ( not all , but socially , mostly economically , on immigration , on rights etc. . ) , i do n't really like very much from the right of centre in uk politics , from the right-wing section of the lib dems , through to the conservatives and ukip and out beyond . 
  one of the few areas where i might agree with people from these groups politically would be on our membership of the eu , and then often on the need to leave and not necessarily the reasons , certainly not all of them ... 
  however , our membership of the eu in its current form , the direction that the eu is taking and the fact that reforms seem genuinely unlikely means that i feel i must argue for the uk to leave the eu , and in that i 'm going to be sharing ground with a fair number of people who have very different views from mine more generally . 
  but that is n't exactly a new thing , it happens in all sorts of areas , this just happens to be a very big thing , and if we shied back from doing or arguing for the right course of action just because some other people who do the same are daft , disgusting or dangerous we 'd have a very shitty democracy . 
  yes , it 's likely there are going to be people making stupid and objectionable statements , claiming to speak for everyone on one side ( or the other ) but they wo n't and they will be on the fringes . . 
  but to actually answer your question , - not very . 
  if a group or person is fucked up or i do n't like their views , i 'm not going to support them , it 's hardly going to help make the argument to people like me anyway so why would i ? 
  but i 'm also not going to be pushed into taking responsibility for every idiot either , nor am i going to ignore groups i do n't like ( on either side . . ) , because they can and likely will have an impact on the debate - and we need to have that debate . 
  although , hypothetical are always harder to answer . . 
   having said that , i doubt corporate folks have the same interests as the average person . 
  i doubt that too , but on the issue of eu membership you have significant corporate interest on both sides , potentially even more large corporate support of membership ( it 's one of the major arguments for the uk remaining in ) . . and lets face it this will be a discussion that is fuelled by cash on both sides and lots of ` propaganda ' , well , reporting that is somewhat biased one way or another ( you can already see that with the newspapers . . ) at the very least . 
  but there will be a lot of talk , it will come down to people and there is no reason why they ca n't be well informed . . 
  i do n't think you can ignore the popular upswell though and that has been going on for a long time and , for most of that time it has n't been well supported , you could certainly make the case that vastly more money has been pumped into organisations that support eu membership regardless of the impact and that a lot of that has been driven by business ... 
  it 's interesting to see exactly how this is being framed at the moment , because i think it 's going to get increasingly difficult to narrowly define the groups involved beyond the desire to leave/remain within the eu . 
  after all it is n't a left/right issue , or a rich/poor thing , it is n't defined by class , environmentalists are on both side , anti-capitalists and capitalists are sharing similar ground it 's interesting and there is going to be a lot of money slung at this from all directions ... what it is n't is something being pushed by some limited elite of the establishment ( given just how split that whole strata is on the issue too ) . 
  you have a government that broadly wants to remain part of the eu , but more importantly , does n't want to leave , having to deal with it 's own support being based on part at least on fixing the eu or leaving ... 
  i 'm not sure it actually matters , cameron ca n't get the mild reforms he wants guaranteed regardless of what he does , which will leave any reform open to claims that it 's just platitudes offered before the vote and obviously if those reforms require treaty changes , that is exactly what they will be as i doubt that any changes to eu treaties could be made within the requirements and ratified in anything like a reasonable amount of time . 
  essentially if the uk eu vote hangs on the back of these reforms ( and it might well do then ) then there are likely going to be problems . . as to working with verhofstadt , that probably would n't be terribly beneficial for cameron practically or politically , given that much of what cameron wants to see wo n't come from the parliament ( or even need approval i think . . ) but rather the european commission and member states . . 
   rich company funding fake `` grass roots movement '' ? 
  the obvious point to make , and the really important thing to realise for those people that do think they can dismiss the various campaigns is that there are a lot of eurosceptic people in the uk and a massive number of vocal ones when compared to other issues . 
  if a lot of money is thrown around too , and there is the infrastructure in place to bring groups that normally hate each other together enough to argue a particular issue , then simply pointing at the rich people funding it probably is n't a good idea , and whilst it 's amusing to see attempts to re-appropriate the patriotic narrative for the stay campaign , that is n't really going to stick with anyone either , for fairly obvious reasons . 
  public support in eurozone countries reaches an all time high , and that all time high seems to be 79 % , whilst the lowest level of support is merely 54 % ?!, 
  and given the question was ` generally speaking do you think that having the euro is a good or a bad thing for your country ' i 'd have sort of assumed it would be quite a bit higher ( the eurozone average is 61 % ... ) . 
  the uk would be the eu 's largest export market , it 's 20 % of the current esm a massive export location for germany , france , italy etc. . . 
  it 's not equivalent to norway or switzerland , it 's about several times as big as both combined . 
   the energy to renegociate all the eu agreements after brexit would be much better spent and with better yields by just pushing for reform inside eu . 
  can anyone enlighten me , what am i missing ? 
  i suppose because if the uk leaves there is a change in its status and a guarantee that there will be negotiation ( as part of the exit if nothing else ) whilst the eu can ignore the uk , or simply stall on negotiations if it wants to and the uk stays in . . we 've seen that on other sensitive and much smaller issues before , so ... yeah . 
  superb . 
   and there we disagree . 
  i say it is one of the things politicians do . 
  politicians eat lunch , fiddle their expenses and shit . 
  none of that is politics ...  that 's only one of the many ways to project power . 
  it does n't project power any more than sitting in the corner humming ode to joy whilst masturbating over the eu flag is projecting power . 
  it does n't make people look powerful , it makes them look petty and disorganised . 
  ( which in context may be a handy indicator , but presumably not what people are going for . . )  you should hear some stories about how some american civil servants have treated high ranking european politicians when they visit washington . 
  should i , and does that excuse it ? 
   hell , if a politician ca n't meet with a specific us secretary but has to make do with a civil servant is in itself a classic snub : `` i do n't have time . 
  let him explain the issue with one of my under secretaries , or the counselor of the department . '', 
  and you can see how that 's different from someone setting up an meeting and then failing to keep it right ? 
   well , at least we 're having fun !, 
  grand . 
   ok . maybe british politicians are above all this . 
  i 'll take your word for it . 
  its usually more useful to do that with something someone actually said , but knock your self out , it 's all good . 
  still waiting to hear if you think the initial handling was a childish , egotistical and ill mannered move rather than some sort of cunning power play by the way . . 
   i must say i 'm enjoying the fact that this struck a nerve , yes . 
  grand . 
   i never said there was n't a good reason . 
  why do you assume there was n't a good reason ? 
  that was the implication though was n't it , i do n't see why you are rolling back on this , if you like your politicians being a bit cuntish to people you see as below them that 's fine , you are n't alone ... and you were pretty clear about some ` levels ' of ministers not being so lucky to see someone . . 
  i mean , if that 's how you feel , go with it . 
   politics can be egotistical and childish , yes . 
  no surprising plot twist there . 
  and so utterly irrelevant to the question at hand . 
  how is making someone sit and wait politics ? 
  it is n't is it . .  did this struck a nerve because you realize that it 'll happen to uk representatives in the future ? 
  is this like a preemptive tantrum ? 
  no , i was amused at the notion that the only real way for the eu to project power is to have people sit and wait on its relatively powerless functionaries . 
  i was also amused that you grasped it as though it was an actual indication of power !, 
   you 're the one who 's projecting amusement into this . 
  i 'm finding you reaction amusing , not the subject at hand . .  or is this one of those cases of psychological projection , where you know that this is something also british politicians would do , but choose to rile against it because `` by jove we 're far above that '' ? 
  come on man , english politicians invented passive-aggressive snubs . 
  and the defence you feel the need to fall back on is that british politicians might do it too !, 
  this is probably a good thing , harmonisation would likely have done harm to countries with more liberal approaches and not provided much of a boost to those with more restrictive rules . 
  it also is n't surprising , the lobbying effort here was pretty intense and at least we are n't in a position of having more restrictions being put in place . 
   i get the impression you 're pushing an idealistic and naive image of politicians and politics to make a point that has no bearing in reality . 
  so am i to understand that you agree that having someone sat outside a room for not good reason is egotistical and childish then ? 
  i ask because now you seem to have switched from ` look how amusing it is to have an important representative sit and waste their time , you can look forward to that ' , ` that 's all fine ' and ` it was actually a scheduling error ' through to ` it 's like that tv show ' and now to ` you are just naive , everyone does it ... ' . 
  it is egotistical and childish is n't it ? 
  it is a poor display of manners and you would n't expect it from a senior politician when talking about or dealing with ` other ' people would you ? 
  or do you think the kind of bullshit you are presenting is fine and dandy ? 
   i 'm going over the two scenarios in my head : `` i 'm waiting here because the previous meeting ran over time '' ( question : if he would cut his ongoing meeting short , is that then insulting to the person he 's currently meeting ... and is that to boost his own feeling of importance ? ), 
  right , so now it is n't about the power to have heads of state sit because the president of the ec is so important , as per your * `` prepare yourselves for david cameron having to wait on a chair in the hallway before he can speak with the president of the european commission . 
  '' * and * `` probably other uk cabinet members wo n't be so lucky . 
  '' * but instead , the fact that the eu civil service is incapable running a diary or meetings efficiently , and also unable to deal with issues in scheduling by say , talking to people ... well , is n't that a selling point . 
   versus `` blocking competent candidate in a 1 versus 12 vote '' ( question : does that mean john major used his veto to boost his feeling of importance ? ) . 
  blocking a competent candidate that the uk did n't agree on , along side several other countries until they 'd been pushed to agree ? 
  one of those is childish and egotistical , the other one is politics . 
  one of them does absolutely nothing but annoy someone , the other blocks the appointment of a commissioner . .  the reply on both questions is `` no '' , i think . 
  i do n't read it like that . 
  the answer to both of those questions is indeed no , the way you re-framed the first one . 
  but if we stick with your initial proposition , it 's not , it 's egotistical , unprofessional and generally poorly mannered .
