   well , if that 's reassuring to you , we ca n't wait to see it go . 
  uk has become a dead weight and even a break to the construction of the eu lately the uk is a net contributor to the eu , it makes up a massive chunk of the common market , and accounts for around 7 % of german and french exports , and around 5 % of italian exports . 
  so it 's really not a dead weight . . 
  it may be annoying that the uk , as a member state , does n't share entirely the views of germany and france , and it is n't that easy to push around but hey . 
   unfortunately , the uk wo n't leave even if the popular vote ends up as a ` leave ' , as it is technically impossible for it to impose a renegociated eu contract to all 27 other countries ... there has to be unanimous vote and any eu member can veto it . 
  if the uk votes to leave , the uk will leave . 
  it does n't require consent to do so and there are more than enough ways for the uk to disengage sensibly and put alternative arrangements in place . 
  you are right that it ca n't impose anything on eu members ( other than its withdrawal . . ) but those members , as a bloc , will be as keen as the uk is not to lose access to a large market and everything else ( not to mention the 2 million + eu citizens inside the uk and the many , many brits living abroad ) . 
  given the eu does n't have the power to do this , and it seems somewhat unlikely ( to the point of impossibility . . ) that member states would hand over that power under these circumstances , a direct tax is pretty obviously entirely out . 
  adding this in via one of the mechanisms the eu already has on indirect taxation is at least theoretically possible , but would only work if every member state agreed , which again , seems unlikely . 
  so unless there is a lot more that is n't in the article , i do n't think we 'll be seeing anything that looks like an eu tax to support anything ... 
   but as we 've seen through the various crises , it usually takes a while , and the immediate response is not always the cold-bloodedly rational one the brexit campaign is assuming . 
  the problem is that a brexit , handled badly by the eu would result in harm to the eu , after all , something like 6 % of germany , france and italy 's exports would be at risk and the uk represents a huge chunk of the common market and so on . 
  not to mention the two and a bit million eu migrants living in the uk and the brits living in the wider eu . 
  the simple notion that some sort of heated reprisal based approach will even be considered by the eu as an institution or member states collectively really is n't very realistic in the short term or the long term . 
   even in the longer term , a lot depends on the relative strengths of the eu and the uk - something which , again , is the subject of the most optimistic possible assumptions on the part of brexit campaigners . 
  of course it is and yes , those campaigning for an exit are doing so on the most optimistic assumptions in many cases . 
  but then those arguing against are making extreme claims too . 
  the point is that it is about weighing the advantages and disadvantages , and that there are many of both . .  i appreciate that one would n't campaign for brexit if one did n't think it was a good idea , but it is quite possible to believe something whole-heartedly and to be wrong . 
  absolutely . 
  i think the point is that there will be scope in whatever bilateral agreement comes after for the uk for a compromise that suits both parties and more closely aligns with whatever the uk decides it wants . 
  but lets be clear , the eu is n't going to make it hard for the uk to trade with the eu , or for eu countries to trade with the uk . 
  and obviously where there are existing multilateral agreements it seems reasonable to assume that the uk would look toward them for an interim measure if nothing else ( and may be party to them even if they withdraw from other agreements , it 's not like there is an eu membership card that the eu is just going to hand over ) . 
  it 's not really a left/right split tbh , cameron will likely campaign to stay in ( or at least not campaign to leave ) whilst corbyn ( labour ) has said he may not ( we 'll see ) and even if he does there are plenty of eurosceptics on the labour benches too . 
  there are left and right wing campaigns on both sides now and business too . 
  as to further integration , i think that even on the stay/pro-eu side most people are pretty lukewarm . 
  obviously there are people who think it 's a great idea , but i 'd argue they are a pretty small minority compared to those who just do n't think we should leave . 
  in all honesty , cameron getting some sensible concessions and making the right noises about ever closer union may well do more than anything else could to sway people to the stay side . 
   i imagine people who move goods between the two countries have more to benefit from a common schengen agreement . 
  possibly , although i assume the customs union is more relevant . 
   having a the agreement signed would put a lot of mind to rest regarding the status of romanians . 
  the home office has been playing silly-buggers with romanians and bulgarians for years , delays documentation and processing . 
  to be fair that issue disappeared on the 1st of january 2014 . 
  before that date , romanians and bulgarians did n't have the same rights as other eea citizens and no longer have to register with the workers authorisation scheme to work in the uk . 
  ( i think there may have even been an attempt to see a ` mass ' of romanians and bulgarians heading for the uk when that changed . . unsurprisingly it did n't really happen . 
  so i 'm not sure that 's a valid reason either really , although it might have been a few years ago . 
  it 's quite interesting to watch the themes and narratives developing - basically today seems to have been the ` pro/anti ' eu science and tech regulation day . . 
   i thought one of the reasons to leave the eu was that uk wants to sign trade agreements without interference from brussels . 
  it is part of the reason and is entirely possible , obviously would include agreements with the eu and with ireland ( and be limited by those agreements ) . 
  but lets be clear , whilst the eucu would limit the uk in terms of what tariff barriers it can put in place ( or remove ) it is n't the only option going forward . . 
  i would assume the eu and uk would slowly disengage in any case , so the uk may remain within the eucu and party to various other agreements whilst negotiating bilateral agreements ( something akin to what other non-eu members have in place ) . 
  after all , neither the the uk nor the eu are insane , the uk wo n't just rip everything apart in a fit of pique , in much the same way that the eu is n't going to suddenly try harm a former member ... 
  these are all things that are relatively straightforward to deal with , are dealt with elsewhere quite effectively and have been dealt with before . 
  it is manageable . 
  and lets be clear there are lots of reasons given for the uk leaving the eu ( and obviously many arguments for the uk to stay too ) . 
  but they are about balance . 
  yes , you might find the odd uk kipper who thinks everything will be better , easier , cheaper and so on bit of course it 'll be much less dramatic than that . 
  but a lot of it does come down to the whole ` two-speed ' europe thing , the lack of support for further integration etc. . 
  it 'd be very hard to convince someone who is opposed to further political integration within the eu that even a moderate impact on eu/uk trade is more important ... 
   you think corrupt officials will go down without a fight , especially when they are in the majority ? 
  no , i do n't think they do , but i 'm honestly not sure if essentially having external pressure as the main driver of anti-corruption efforts would work long term . 
  if , as you are suggesting , the majority of these officials are corrupt , i really do n't know how you 'd fix that , other than domestically . . 
   that will be an issue , because ireland has to enforce eu custom rules , which require that everyone and everything that enters the eu has to be checked . 
  that assumes that the uk ceases to be part of the eucu ( which currently includes turkey for example ) so probably not . .  as long as only one of the two countries is in the eu the common travel agreement is useless . 
  again , no . 
  the customs issue is separate from free movement and ` border-less ' agreements and the uk and ireland already have arrangements in place for both outside of the eu context . 
   in what way does that invalidate the work of thousands of anti-corruption officials , who , thanks to this agreement were able to make meaningful change in a country riddled by corruption scandals ? 
  it does n't invalidate it at all , but i would hope that their work would continue regardless . 
  if it does n't there would seem to be a bigger issue . 
   you said that it does n't really change much for romanians . 
  yes , it fucking does . 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  i did n't ... 
  the reason i asked is because it does n't really impact free movement significantly at all , i mean , both scotland and romania are currently non-schengen states and travel between them is easy . 
  if you were flying , you 'd need to carry a passport or similar anyway so i really do n't see there being much in the way of a difference . 
  the uk has a separate common travel area agreement with ireland anyway so that 's not going to be an issue ( given the uk is n't in schengen . . ) . 
  but that 's utterly irrelevant to schengen membership and arguably , if external pressure is the only thing pushing anti-corruption measures then there are presumably larger issues anyway . 
  would it actually make any difference to you ? 
  ah , but does it have a seahorse ?!, 
  [ belfast ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/belfast_city_coat_of_arms.svg ) . 
  the current belfast coat of arms dates from 30 june 1890 when the ulster king of arms made a grant of arms to the new city of belfast . 
  the motto pro tanto quid retribuamus comes from psalm cxvi ( 116 ) , verse 12 of the bible . 
  the precise origins and meanings of the symbols contained on the coat of arms are unknown . 
  but images such as the bell , the seahorse , the ship and the chained wolf were all used by 17th-century belfast merchants on their signs and coinage . 
  the seahorse , which is used twice , shows the maritime importance of belfast , as does the ship at the base of the shield . 
  the name belfast also originates from the gaelic beal feirste , which means mouth of the river . 
  - [ via belfastcity.gov.uk ] ( http://www.belfastcity.gov.uk/tourism-venues/cityhall/coatofarms.aspx ), 
  and why separation of church and state might not result in less interference and influence . . 
   and yet you use blatantly biased and loaded terms like `` protecting our borders '' and `` the mongol horde invasion '' ? 
  i have n't used , nor would i use the term ` the mongol horde invasion ' i might use the term ` protecting our borders ' ( although i do n't think so ... ) but i do n't think i 'd use it in a loaded manner . . 
  no , i am absolutely saying `` do we provide a safe haven for people who have fled from war '' , ( to quote me - * this is having an negative impact on the most vulnerable people , people who deserve and frankly should get our support and protection . * ) . 
  i have no problem with free movement , little issue with immigration or immigrants and see supporting and helping refugees an absolute duty of any country . . 
  but that does n't solve the issues the eu does have in this area and simply shouting at people is n't going to solve them either . 
  you realise i 've been on here for 6 years already ... 
  i was hoping for more than a plush , maybe some counselling . . 
  ha , do n't be . 
  i only noticed those two . . 
  ha , as an atheist from a part of the world where there are some pretty deep seated issues with religion and the state ( although that is n't the biggest part of it by far . . ) i always find it slightly odd defending an established church . . 
  on the same basis , using the same data : 27 . 
  united kingdom 8.42 28 . 
  netherlands 8.56, 
   as a continent we 've become less mature , and more cowardly & short sighted . 
  i think i 'd say that as a grouping , the eu has started to realise it is n't homogeneous and it ca n't assume that there is consensus on things like migration . 
  where you are right of course , is that this is having an negative impact on the most vulnerable people , people who deserve and frankly should get our support and protection . 
  i 'm just not sure that trying to mandate , or even shoehorn a solution into an eu context , with so many unwilling participants gets us there . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not particularly fond of religion and i have to say looking at the us and other countries with strict separation , i 'd rather take the uk approach . 
  it seems to lead to less religion in politics , even if it is at the cost of more politics in religion . . 
  and people wonder why euroscepticism is on the rise . . 
  that 's a daft argument , it 's the equivalent of a 300 year old cry of ` everyone else is doing it . . ' .
