  now i think you might be projecting your opinion on the situation !, 
  it is a big deal , but it does n't need to be a blow ( or a symbolic smack to the face , as someone suggested ... ) , the handling is the important part . 
  it 's a huge deal , it does n't need to be seen as negative . 
   i agree with you that the uk leaving , will not start a some sort of vendetta against the uk , most countries will ( probably ) still maintain good relations with the country . 
   but still symbols are important it this wil perhaps lead to some sort of a cooling down of relations ( very hard to forsee , whats going to happen between the uk and every country ) . 
  like i said , it will have an impact , it will be significant , but it only has to be taken as a negative , as a ` blow ' rather than an opportunity for the eu ( the eu released from uk scepticism and can now follow the path that the remaining eu states have essentially laid out ... ) . 
  at the end of the day , the uk would n't be leaving the uk because it does n't believe the eu has a future , but because the uk determined it did n't want to be part of that future . .  i was more point on your ` good , self determination is important ' part . 
  i agree with you that the uk leaving will probably not lead to an immediate unwinding of the eu ( but it definitely will not help in keeping it together lol ) . 
  ha , it might not , but i think it could well be a very positive catalyst . 
  that however would be down to the remaining eu members . 
   anyway , this was a good discussions !, 
  if everybody on r/europe could always be having this kind of discussions ... well , set a good example and the rest will follow ... maybe . 
   this has been a long , long time in the making , and after many , many warnings . 
  and importantly with a long period where there simply was n't any recognition from within the political system and no mechanism for anyone really to oppose the british governments position on the eu at the ballot box . 
  that is starting to change and it will only get more acute . 
   not at all . 
  we are establishing what the uk ` wants ' . 
  are we ? 
  we seem to be establishing what some parts of the uk want . . what the eu ` want 's is obviously much harder to suggest , but i suppose whilst the uk is in it and you have partnerships between eu states and the us you can argue the eu is happy with increased surveillance too , the eu also seems to want data retention on a big scale . . 
  the eu also seems to want to limit access to genetic testing , and is successfully hindering biotech advances within the union , it seems opposed to technical net neutrality , preferring something more commercially friendly . 
  but again , your argument seems to be the presentation of a choice between a slew of uk proposals , self regulation and existing activity , vs eu membership , whilst the uk will still have those proposals , self regulation and existiing activity as an eu member ( it does now ) and likely would outside too , unless we act against them . 
  so the only real point to be made is that we all need to stand against internet filters , weak encryption , on-line activity monitoring , increased surveillance . . 
   but the question of adopting children needs to be decided , yet . 
  i take it single parents ca n't adopt either then ? 
  otherwise it seems like an odd restriction , that said , it 's an odd restriction either way ( given who can and does have kids , you 'd think any set of vetted parents would generally be above the average ... )  i would like to have a little more entertainment out of it , if possible , and bitch about straight couples not being able to have a civil union . 
  start a campaign !, 
  the point there is that it 's a national issue , that has to be dealt with at the eu level . 
  you make it sound like the choice is between internet filters , weak encryption , online activity monitoring , increased surveillance , ( some of which is n't even fucking legislation ) and the eu . 
  that 's clearly false . . 
  i do n't think the eu has much to do with either preventing or the emergence of nationalism . . and of course cooperation between eu countries could be better or worse without the eu , depends what would be there instead . . 
  sure , and obviously if the eu wants to go in a particular direction it should n't the uk holding it back , that either means significant opt outs or treaty protections , or the uk leaving . 
  and that 's fine too . . 
  so . . we 'd act if straight couples get upset , but not unless ? 
  i assume you agree with the principle though ? 
  really ? 
  the last few years do n't seem to suggest that . . 
   what uk wants : internet filters , weak encryption , online activity monitoring , increased surveillance , etc. . . yeah , and being in the eu would prevent all of . . oh wait - no , it wo n't stop any of that so that 's entirely irrelevant . 
  so when i 'm done arguing against the eu here , you wo n't mind if i get back to advocacy against internet filters , weak encryption , online activity monitoring , increased surveillance etc. . . right ? 
   we are arguing over different things now . 
  all i 'm saying , is that ( wether i think that it is good the the uk leaves or not ) it is a symbolic problem for the eu . 
  i 'm arguing that it does n't need to be and that it 's broadly about how the eu presents it . .  the eu is definitely in a position to start being annoying to the uk . 
  of course , countries are generally in a position to do that if they feel there is an advantage or need ...  the eu are its member states . 
  you think that countries like germany , the dutch , france will be happy that the uk leaves ? 
  i 'm pretty certain they will not be ( still regardless if i think its good or bad that they leave ) . 
  no , i do n't think they will , but at the same time i think they will want to maintain their export markets , their access to the uk and wo n't want perception to destabilise the euro ...  your last point is entirely your opinion projected on the situation . 
  as is everything else , my point was that whilst i see it as unlikely , if the uk leaving unwinds the eu then there are bigger problems anyway ...  a union , like the eu falling apart , yes of course that is not a big deal !, 
  ( / s it is !, 
  it will have major economic , political , and geo-political implications ! ), 
  it 'd be massive , but it 's not going to happen on the basis of the uk leaving . 
  the eu provides massive benefits to its members , they are n't going to bin them unless they really , really feel they have to and lets face it , the uk is one of the few eu countries where a significant number of people see some of the benefits that the eu provides as negatives . . that at least in part comes down to the size and history of the uk as well as the sort of traditional distance the uk has had with the mainland , but it is n't likely to be catching ( although , we really like the danes ... ) . 
   resurgence of nationalism is great example that nobody has learned from the past . 
  that resurgence is happening inside of the eu as much as anything else , i do n't quite see how the absence of the eu would amplify it . . 
   someone else said that it 's not so much in germany any more . 
  i thought that was the direction pretty much everyone was going . 
  ( i did n't check , was basing my comment on the parent . ), 
   china has higher gdp growth than any country in the eu . 
  i still dont want to live there . 
  right . . and that 's relevant how ? 
  i 've lived in wales , liked it ( cheaper housing for one ... ) but i can see that its a bit crap if you are stuck there , but hey , that is n't the be all and end all . 
   it does n't look good my friend . 
  worse than france . 
  can you imagine ? 
  i 'm putting together an aid convoy as we speak . . 
  worse than france !, 
  my god . 
  are the no campaign are pushing it ? 
  i figured it showed that both the ` all rosy with an exit ' and ` disaster ! ', 
  positions are both extreme and the ` it 'll all be pretty ok and pretty much the same ' scenario is still the most likely . . no seem keener on pushing a more optimistic position normally . 
  are they independent ? 
  does the uk lack the means to support internal uk regions ( and to a lower level than just constituent countries . . ) ? 
  if they want their own currencies they can work toward that , but at present the powers necessary to do that properly are in london . 
  however those powers are n't available to those responsible for managing the euro ... 
  that 'd be up to the scots , and they just decided to stay part of the eu , so you 'll have to wait until they decide differently . . 
   i agree with you in a way the eu wo n't immediatly fall apart , but the symbolic meaning would still be immense . 
  possibly , it would certainly show that the eu is n't the only direction of travel . 
   let 's say that texas in the us gets the same vibe as the uk , do you really think it could be a ` sensible mature and amicable separation ' once things come so far ? 
  well yes . . or if catalonia came to the same decision , or indeed scotland . . of course in the case of texas the us has been somewhat clear that it wo n't allow secession to the point of using force , and spain has also been somewhat worryingly antagonistic too . 
  the eu is n't really in a position to show strength by keeping the uk in the union through force though , so it has to find a sensible way of dealing with the separation . 
   once one countries leave , the taboo of leaving is gone , and other countries might consider leaving as a serious option aswell . 
  good , self determination is important and frankly it might well be a catalyst to produce a better eu , if not , then maybe the eu will falter , if its members want it too . 
  that 's not a bad thing either . 
  although again , the most likely scenario is that the eu will be fine , smaller countries will continue to see benefits of being part of a large bloc , and some larger countries will be happy sharing sovereignty in exchange for leading it . . and the uk will be fine , so why try to create a huge fuss around it . . 
   so should wales have its own currency then ? 
  if the welsh want independence then sure , last i checked they did n't seem to . 
   because clearly it 's a super poor region and it 's not getting any better . 
  gdp growth in wales is better than the eu as a whole and with lower unemployment . . and the uk has effective mechanisms to deal with issues that might occur , the eu certainly does not . 
  and quite a few people in the uk would like to be part of the first two and to drop the last two , if that were possible from within the eu without ever closer union we would n't have anything like the amount of opposition to eu membership as we have ... 
   all the benefits we 're having are n't the result of only the last 5 years . 
  indeed , but some people , especially in the uk no longer see those as benefits , that 's the difference . 
   i do n't understand how there are people that can still say this . 
  what about the symbolic smack to the face the eu gets if the brits leave ? 
  i do n't think it is a symbolic smack to the face , it 's a parting of ways because the uk does n't want what the eu wants and the eu does n't want what the uk wants ... 
  surely a sensible , mature and amicable separation is the right way to see that . .  a country that leaves the union !, 
  whatever country that is that is a big fucking deal . 
  it is , and it 's something that the eu will have to deal with , whilst the uk deals with the consequences of leaving , it does n't have to be seen as some sort of grave insult , or an indicator that the eu is doomed . 
  well , not unless people spin it that way . .  and in this case the uk nonetheless !, 
  one of the three major powers !, 
  of course that 's important to the eu . 
  of course it is , and just like the uk will be fine outside of the eu , the eu will be fine without it . 
  what 's more , we can all work together to make sure it has as little impact on everyone as possible . .
