  it 's quite interesting to look at the individual states - obviously that $ 104bn trade surplus is mostly down to germany , in fact germany has an extra-eu trade balance that is $ 28bn greater than every other net exporter in the eu ... and yes , germany , estonia , ireland , france , italy , latvia , austria , romania , finland & sweden are the only eu states with positive extra-eu trade balances . . 
  still , that is n't the whole story ( internal markets matter after all . . ) and obviously just one marker , but as i said it is interesting . 
  probably more interesting is the amount of export growth ( both inter - and extra - eu ) over the last year . 
   better skinny jeans and non-prescription glasses than knife crime . 
  why not both ? 
  bus drivers are n't public sector workers so for that you can blame the bus operators hiring processes . 
  you can have an open market for goods and services without an open market in labour , i 'd argue that it would disadvantage normal working people more than the alternative , but it is entirely possible . 
  you can also probably accommodate the vast majority of inter eu/uk moves within a points based system too , it does n't have to be ( as it is often seen ) as a termination of immigration into the eu . 
  those are n't the only two elements related to reform of course . 
  there is n't really such a thing as eu law , everything that would qualify is implemented by national parliaments ( and generally , national constitutions/supreme courts/national parliaments will have supremacy ) and you are absolutely right that this kind of thing would be decided on a national basis - i ca n't really see how it would fall into any of the eus competencies . 
   it allows our government/law enforcement to target and neutralize particularly aggressive protesters with ease ( marxists/europe-style socialists/communists/other fringe groups ) , and pursue easy legal action against those who would pose a threat to the government ( anti-statists , isolationists , anti-corporation activists , insurgents , dissidents , etc. ) . 
  i 'm not sure where you are , but in the context of any normal society that 's pretty problematic because it seems you are suggesting selective enforcement by a politicised police , rather than leeway granted to an apolitical police force . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how one would support selective enforcement on anti-government ( or anti-ideology ) basis alone . 
  obviously if people are rioting it 's a different story , but it should n't matter who they are under those circumstances anyway . 
   most of these people are asking for prison --------- these scumbags know exactly what they 're doing , and they deserve nothing less than the cold cell and a barren prison floor . 
  would this be people with different views , or views that oppose the government , or those that break the law in some significant manner to implement those views ( because one is obviously very different from the other ) . 
   a militant adherence to the law would n't allow for that , and it would n't change the reality of various types of minority groups being screwed over by society . 
  there should be discretion when it comes to applying the law , but that discretion should sit with the police and judiciary which in turn should be utterly apolitical , and seen to be apolitical . 
  otherwise it is n't leeway or discretion , but nepotism and coercion . 
   at the end of the day , certain beliefs/philosophies/behaviors / ways of life will cause certain people to be more likely to be jailed than others , that 's just the way it is . 
  behaviours yes , but beliefs ? 
  not really , the same goes for philosophies and ways of life . 
  you have to go quite far out of your way as a state to actively imprison people on the basis of what they think and generally speaking it is something that civilised countries have stepped away from . 
  it 's frankly unhelpful not to . . 
  i think the point i would end in is broadly that prison is the punishment , disenfranchising people after the fact ( and in the context of selective enforcement ) leads to broader social issues that simply perpetuate problems . 
  the us has a real problem in terms of how many people it jails , how it holds them and what it does to them afterwards , but the solution to that has to be a political one . 
  right now it seems that americans are quite supportive of a tough on crime approach , whether it works or not , that 's up to them . 
  but the people most likely to want to argue for some sort of change , are exactly those communities that are most likely to be disenfranchised . . 
  in any case , this was n't intended to be a discussion about the us , but rather whether the concept of disenfranchising prisoners made any sense . 
  i would continue with the idea that if you live in a society you should have some say in how it is run , that can be taken away if you are in prison , but afterwards you should get it back !, 
   most people in jail are the latter . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'll just repeat what i dropped in elsewhere in this thread : there is a long and fairly universal history in minorities , religious groups , adherents to certain political ideologies and activists being arrested , jailed and otherwise persecuted until laws are changed and behaviour ( or just people . . ) previously seen as illegal becoming normal . 
  it does n't describe the majority in jail ( well , it might if you happen to think drugs should be legalised generally . . ) but it is relevant , especially when someone says that people who do not respect the law should not have a say in the running of a country . . 
  but then the gays before 1967 was not a good example , they were innocent in the first place . 
  that was in relation to the notion that people ` without respect for the law ' should n't be allowed to say how the country is run . 
  you could argue that gay men before 1967 in the uk had no respect for the law , but it would be absurd to suggest they should n't be allowed to vote for change . 
   if you think they are effectively innocent again , those restrictions on sex offenders are equally bad . 
  no , because you can justify limitations on sex offenders working with at risk groups on the basis of a higher re-offending risk , it is a safety issue that can be mitigated . 
  i ca n't justify them not being allowed to vote , because it is n't a safety issue . 
   if , however , you assume they are still menaces to society as those states do and justify ongoing restrictions after release , it is also not that difficult to justify americans ' restriction on voting . 
  like i said somewhere in this thread , you absolutely can take that line if you are happy to accept that it comes with risks like the ability to disenfranchise specific groups easily . 
  i 'd still argue against it , because i do n't think the justification is valid , but at least such an argument would be consistent . 
   and i think those restrictions in some american states go much further than public safety and i think voting would be a minor issue relatively again , agreed , the us does quite a few things that i think are probably more important to deal with than disenfranchising people , but obviously my point was n't that this is the most important issue to deal with , but rather that it was what we were talking about up thread , and it is wrong and hard to justify ( but easier to justify than say , forced prison labour , solitary confinement or a million and one other things ) . 
   my point was , a punishment can not be automatically ruled out because it would be bad to apply it to innocents , which i felt was your argument . 
  my point was that once you are out of jail , you are effectively ` innocent ' again ( we could talk about spent and unspent convictions , but i do n't think it 's relevant ) and you should n't disenfranchise people on that basis . 
  and yes there are other issues in terms of the restrictions of some rights when on parole ( or on registers or with reporting criteria , as with sex offenders ) but they are usually in place for public safety . 
  i think you 'd be hard pressed to make an argument about restricting the franchise on the basis of public safety ( without sounding like a fascist anyway . . ) in this way !, 
  i think the key point here again is the notion of removing the right to vote from people not only whilst they are in jail ( because as you rightly point out , they are stripped of far more rights than just the right to vote ) but rather that they lose it once the have been released . 
  at the risk of becoming in credibly repetitive , the parent 's point was that in the context of the us stripping the right of people to vote who are no longer incarcerated , he felt that people with no respect for the law should not be able to vote . 
  i do n't think it is justifiable to strip the right to vote from someone who is no longer in prison , once you are back in normal society , you absolutely should have a say in how it is run . 
  actually up until 1967 it could be considered `` gross indecency '' ( as there is no definition in law . . ) and the law was used broadly to prosecute homosexuals where homosexual acts could not be proven . 
  you may be technically correct ( i think we 'd have to look at law in the 1700s and earlier ) but practically it makes little difference given the impact of the legislation that did exist . 
   that 's an unfair attack to his views . 
  no it is n't . 
  there is a long and fairly universal history in minorities , religious groups , adherents to certain political ideologies and activists being arrested , jailed and otherwise persecuted until laws are changed and behaviour ( or just people . . ) previously seen as illegal becoming normal . 
  it does n't describe the majority in jail ( well , it might if you happen to think drugs should be legalised generally . . ) but it is relevant , especially when someone says that people who do not respect the law should not have a say in the running of a country . .  you could use the same argument to say that people should n't be jailed at all . 
  against people defending imprisonment you could say `` so in your view anyone who was gay before 1967 should be jailed ? '', 
  of course gay people should not be jailed , and nor should other innocent people who are still being convicted due to the imperfections of justice system . 
  no you could n't , but you could use it as an example as to why you do n't use irreversible punishments ( like the death penalty . . ) and why people should be able to server their prison time and then re-enter society with the rights and responsibilities that entails , and the ability to have a say in the direction the country should take . 
  in all seriousness , the idea that people who do n't respect the law should have no say in how it is developed is problematic whenever the law is not worth of respect , and sometimes we do n't realise that is the case until years after the fact . . 
  i 'd argue the parent 's initial comment regarding the need to withdraw the right to vote from people who `` have actively worked to harm society , who do n't have respect for the laws of the land '' in response to the us position on felons voting was pretty clear . 
  it 's not an indefensible position either , if you take a particular position and stick with it . 
  however you ca n't really separate the actual criminals from those on the wrong side of a particular set of laws at a given time ( which in retrospect looks stupid and/or mean ) or the mild issue that disenfranchising people who break the law also allows for laws to be used to harm the electoral chances of certain groups . . 
  anyway ... 
   being a `` social movement '' is all well and good but we 'll have no chance of helping anyone without power . 
  if i want to be part of a social movement , i 'll join one , i 'd actually like to see a labour party win an election without turning intensely authoritarian . 
  i certainly do n't want to see a labour party that tears itself apart , becomes an even less effective opposition and utterly unelectable . 
   they could n't have voted if they were prisoners ... prisoners have never been able to vote in the uk . 
  no , but they would have been able to vote before and afterwards . 
   well i do n't think people who disrespect the law so much they are imprisoned should be allowed the vote , no . 
  whilst they are in prison , or at any time after having been imprisoned , because they are pretty different scenarios , the situation in the us is problematic , in the uk ( if we ignore the echr for a moment ) you can at least argue that the removal of voting rights is part of the sentence imposed ( as well as the removal of several other rights of course . . ) and is returned when a prisoner is released . 
   prisoners in the uk can not vote : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/feb/12/uk-prisoners-banned-voting-echr yes i 'm aware of that , prisoners in the us ca n't either , but in some cases they also ca n't vote afterwards , hence the problem . 
  there certainly is corruption , there certainly can be money wasted , there certainly is the occasional political stunt , but the idea that ` the ones who harm society the most get to be elected ' is absurd , because it simply is n't true , it is n't even close to being true . . 
   are gay people still criminals ? 
  no , they are n't , but they were at the time and their advocacy and involvement in electoral politics ( lobbying and direct involvement . . ) and ability to vote for a change in the law were important in that changing . 
   what about them ? 
  should they not be allowed to vote . . 
  your point was that people with no respect for the law should not be consulted on how the country is run . 
   who is removing the `` right to vote '' from anyone ? 
  prisoners ca n't currently vote in the uk . 
  there are laws banning felons from voting in the us , even once they have served their sentences , which is what this thread is broadly about . . 
  the uk does n't , and should n't . 
  that 's an absurd statement ... 
  so in your view anyone who was gay before 1967 should n't be allowed to vote ? 
  what about people who have no respect for current drug/traffic/animal welfare legislation and want to see a change in the law ? 
  the idea of removing the right to vote , in a democracy , en-mass is pretty disturbing except in some very specific circumstances and possibly for those who are currently incarcerated for serious offences . 
   most of the people held in solitary are not there for little issues , though if you google it you will find a few wardens who abused their power . 
  if i google it , it seems that solitary confinement is used as a punishment for all sorts of rules violations in the prison system , not just for major issues . 
  and like i said , there is a major disconnect between its use in the us and other places . 
   they are there because they are a danger to inmates , guards , themselves , or they will attempt to escape . 
  or possession of contraband , ignoring instructions , fighting , threats and so on . . not just because they are a danger . 
  now you are right , there are some really bad people in us jails , some people who may need to be held in prison , but the numbers are insane and utterly unjustifiable and the conditions not much better . 
  the us routinely uses solitary confinement , that alone ( ignoring the whole , most prisoners per capita and on an absolute basis , forced labour on threat of disciplinary action , over crowding and so on ) is generally seen as unacceptable . 
  if you look at other countries , they generally have some capacity for holding a prisoner in solitary confinement , but it 's with review , not an administrative punishment and far from routine . 
  for example , the uk apparently holds something like 50 people in solitary confinement at any given point , the us has tens of thousands , and the us holds them in that manner for months or years . . and like i said , that 's before you look at the other issues . 
  we use windbreaks in the uk too , umbrellas if the rain gets too bad on the beach . . 
   at least here our `` constitution '' has been changed few times because of eu-laws , but you had to change your constitution and ... you could always say no and leave . 
  the eu can only act on the basis of the treaties agreed with member states , it ca n't impose , it ca n't remove powers from a member state or impose it 's will . 
  that 's a really important distinction .
