  that 's like , the third time ? 
  wow bulgaria ... 
  really ? 
  it 's an american thing , where there 's the perception that , um , violents acts commited by white supremacy groups are n't labelled as terrorists when they should , and instead are dismissed as just mental illness . 
  for example the charleston church shooting . 
  of course there 's also idiots that think that school shootings are terrorism , complicating the question . 
  and then there are the non-americans simpletons that read/watch too much american media and regurgitate their discourse without a minimum critical analisis or trying to adapt it to the situation of their home country . 
  the islamic republic of iran disagrees . 
  the heads of state ( co-princes ) of andorra are the president of france and the bishop of urgell , not the king of spain . 
  i would n't say so . 
  http://s04.s3c.es/imag/efe/2010/03/19/2979463w.jpg mix him with macron . 
  you forgot andorra !, 
  i think an old fashioned adjective is quite fitting for a sailing ship . 
  they were freedom fighters i guess . 
  the worst years of eta and ira were way before the internet . 
  sorry , spanish interference, 
  they are children of inmigrants ... 
  easy peasy . 
  antiterrorist law made ad hoc and `` collaboration with armed group '' in ample and vague terms . 
  why do they even travel then, 
  effectively it kinda looks like disneyland . 
  better than i expected , actually . 
  ask the leonese how they feel about it . 
  because all edgy teens love him . 
  guilty by association . 
  he 's the embodiment of the ideal taoist ruler , master of the \u7121\u70ba . 
  the * dip\u00f3sit de les a\u00efgues * is a xix century water diposit repurposed by the upf to be used as a library . 
  more photos [ here ] ( http://re-arquitectura.es/biblioteca-de-la-upf-clotet-paricio ) . 
  so aryan . 
  i would love to see that in spanish holy week . 
  no you can see st petersburg on the map, 
  it 's decent , but i mean the aesthetics . 
  does n't look the most important library of the country . 
  it looks like my neighbourhood 's library . 
  sad !, 
  the oslo - st petersburg is kinda pointless ... 
  the soviets could have shoot him easily , but the air defense was n't given permission . 
  it 's [ future year ] !, 
  maybe you should study the roman legacy on european culture and history, 
  i agree that english is absolutely necessary for research , but in undergrad classes is kinda pointless . 
  and it seems that is done to acomodate foreign students rather than help dutch students . 
  they are ? 
  united a city . 
  moscow looks like a tumour . 
  manchester , city, 
  you did , comparing it with the holocaust . 
  the nazis were defeated in few years while the spanish ruled for 300 years , and still most of the ex-colonies are majoritarily native or mixed . 
  pretty ineffective genocide if you ask me . 
  a society with conquerors at the top and conquereds at the bottom ? 
  wow so innovative , that had literally never happened, 
  then they go to visit donosti and find the playa de la concha . 
  what was unique in the spanish conquest ? 
  lol compare the faces you see in any spanish colony , and in the us or canada . 
  that would be rather hypocrite since the us forbids the seccesion of its member states . 
  money certainly does n't buy taste . 
  to be fair , benidorm has the virtue to concentrate all the filth in one place , thanks to the high-density skyscrapers . 
  : rolleyes :, 
  * comparatively * quiet . 
  there 's a difference between * the impossibility of the abstract notion of peace * and armed conflicts with hundreds of thousands of deaths . 
  more war , but even if the xix was more peaceful , it was n't `` 100 years of peace '' . 
  and the austro-prussian war , and the crimea war , and the second italian independence war who saw the intervention of france ... 
  as you said , the games have sold well enough with an all white cast , so what 's the problem ? 
  why are gamers so extremly salty about sapkowski . 
  he just does n't like videogames , let him live . 
  the push for diversity is entirely us internal politics . 
  to apply it to non-us games is utter nonsense and cultural imperialism in some way . 
  precisely yuan china was somewhat multicultural . 
  the mongols hired lots of foreigners for the administration because they did n't trust the chinese enough ( altoght marco polo aside , these foreigners were central asiasn or middle easterns rather than europeans ) . 
  and sengoku japan had the portuguese and the dutch selling guns and evangelising in the case of the portuguese . 
  misread it as `` cheese store '' :( damm i 'm hungry . 
  if we 're taking murrican racial classifications , islam makes you automatically brown . 
  not really meat but ... have you heard about casu marzu ? 
  [ manel navarro does n't disappoint and makes a ridicule in eurovision ] ( http://www.diariodenavarra.es/noticias/magazine/television/2017/05/13/manel-navarro-defrauda-hace-ridiculo-eurovision-531581-1036.html ), 
  it has been so bad we have changed the flag to the northern cyprus one . 
  london was really lame back then , i do n't know why it 's used as a comparision in these topics having paris or many italian cities . 
  the modernist movement is actually * art nouveau * , not exactly catalan-exclusive . 
  the catalans xd at least their representatives . 
  i already know that probably you are n't pau claris . 
  it was you who invited the french there to begin with !, 
  * checks username * * tips fedora *, 
  closing dissenting universities is dictatorship 101 . 
  xi jinping is the head of a dictatorship but is not a wacko like the others . 
  poor nazi soldiers . 
  she 's the face of the austeriy measures that have bring a lot of hate upon her from the south . 
  a third of all americans and growing are mentally ill ? 
  `` usually '' . 
  one third of americans are obese , how many of them are actually mentally ill ? 
  one outcome that violates human rights . 
  human rights  plebiscites . 
  and probably the visigoth cathedral was built over some pagan temple . 
  what do you think of the cordoba mosque-cathedral ? 
  yeah , the best way to convince people is to insult them and act all smug . 
  yep , under heraclius . 
  essentially , though the transition has been a bit weird . 
  return it to the latin empire of course !, 
  enrico dandolo did nothing wrong . 
  the official language was still latin . 
  true . 
  achb ( assigned church at birth ) mosque . 
  and what would be the benefit of that ?
