  not sure how what you wrote makes sense . 
  but we will get gay marriage once cdu/csu is out of the government . 
  that can take a while , though . 
  i only heard about it today but apparently it 's a general update on procedures in case of catastrophes that 's been in the work for years . 
  yes , it 's the reason we do n't have gay marriage . 
  well , there is the other olympics for austria . 
  if they do n't want to be secular countries anymore . 
  i do n't think secular countries have different rules for native religions . 
   ~ ~ diplomatic ~ ~ immunity are there other kinds of immunity from law ? 
  when it 's always the most intolerant person imposing virtue on others , why are we likely the most tolerant societies in history ? 
  and how are these examples like kosher/halal food , gmo and stick shift cars even comparable to potential intolerance . 
  these are just non-issues that just do n't make a big difference . 
  spread of intolerance though , has many opponents including our laws and constitutions . 
  i 'm pretty sure something like this burkini ban would be sacked by the german constitutional court for example . 
  i 'm really not a fan of intolerance , but fighting it with intolerance just hits the wrong people . 
  do you even know how many of minorities we managed to kill , beat that . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ if ^ ^ ^ ^ you 're ^ ^ ^ ^ serious , ^ ^ ^ ^ then ^ ^ ^ ^ go ^ ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ ^ yourself . 
  arbitrarily banning things because they hurt other cultures is a great european value . 
  from the 1930s . 
  edit : it might also be a point critisised in islamic countries . 
  but hey , not everything is bad there . 
  because no one will ever be the one to unban them . 
  i disagree . 
  but anyways , like i said : nazi symbols would n't be banned today and there has n't been any similar ban since then . 
   the principle of self-preservation of a system trumps all other principles . 
  that can be used to justify everything . 
  nazi used it , too . 
   your freedom ends where the freedom of others starts . 
  if you wear a burqa you 're promoting the oppression of other women , ie . 
  you 're infringing on their secular freedoms . 
  therefore , wearing the burqa should be banned . 
  if a women chooses to wear the burka it does n't restrict the freedom of anyone , that 's just too far fetched . 
  by these definitions banning the burka can also be seen as anti-secular . 
   the aspirations of a secular society could characterize a secular society as one which :  is not homogeneous , but is pluralistic . 
   is tolerant . 
  it widens the sphere of private decision-making . 
   is a society without any official images . 
  nor is there a common ideal type of behavior with universal application . 
  you still do n't know what secular means . 
  how can anyone consider nazi symbols anti-secular ? 
  ok . that does n't go against anything i said . 
  i 'm not a fan of the burka but i think we should be careful where to start and where to stop with banning things . 
  i do n't think nazi insignia would be newly banned today , that 's a relic from a different time . 
  secularism is just the wrong word here . 
  people in a country chosing to wear something has nothing to do with secularism . 
  women being pressured to wear something should be illegal , but it still does n't have anything to do with secularism . 
  wearing a burka is also not an anti-secular activity because it does n't disturb the seperation of state and church . 
  how is banning burkas enforcing the separation of state and religion ? 
  it 's closer to a state taking influence in religion . 
  secularism is not the same as being anti-religion . 
  the only germans who ca n't accept that are far right idiots . 
  everyone learns about everything regarding that time . 
  america is still # 1 when it comes to needing to be # 1 , do n't worry . 
  they did n't attack him for being an atheist , did they ? 
  i agree with you , but this other guy / u/mkgazel really wrote some bullshit here . 
  that 's because the organisation consists of national olympic comittees . 
  it is still an athlete competition , that 's why independant athletes also compete . 
  it 's a competition where the best athletes from all parts of the world come together to find out who is the best . 
  it does n't have to be nationalistic . 
  it happens all the time , many athletes compete all year against the same opponents . 
  there are many friendships between athletes of different countries . 
  in germany they are very stable . 
  i 'm actually ok with them , but not much will change . 
  and change is generally what people are looking for if they want more pluralism in parliament . 
  more parties in parliament make a grand coalition even more likely . 
  jailing journalists will certainly not help secularism and democracy . 
  true , i got confused there . 
  so no right wing party was forbidden since 64 years ago . 
  there are about four counter-demonstrations announced , some of them left . 
  so probably there . 
  not sure if you 're serious but we have freedom of assembly , and no right wing party has been forbidden , only communists 50 + years ago . 
  because many things point toward it . 
  that does n't mean it 's a right wing terrorist act . 
  i think it was a random act by a nutcase who also sympathized with right wing extremism . 
  why , do you think isis right wing and german right wing are the same ? 
  definitely more right wing , but also definitely not german right wing . 
  as far as i know it is still unclear if the victims were targeted or random . 
  i do n't know what the investigation found about the facebook post , but appearently none of the victims was a facebook contact . 
  that he randomly attacked them is basically a guess . 
  the distinction could be made , but why care about the ethnicity of german right wing extremists if they believe the same shit . 
  i do n't follow your logic , where did you get that from ? 
  ethnic german right winger = / = german right winger i do n't know if he would be welcomed by ethnic german right wingers , but he seems to have the same ideology . 
  do you think they did n't find the evidence these allegations are based on , or that it does n't point to him being a right wing extremist ? 
  well , i believe that he was a right wing extremist . 
  but also a nutcase who randomly attacked people . 
  like it would n't be terrorism if an isis member killed someone in a dispute over a hamburger . 
  i think every nazi follows extremist ideas . 
  i personally know muslims that are progressive , so that proved your first statement wrong and that 's basically all i said . . 
  the guy who was detained after trying to travel to syria ? 
  who said that , do you have a source ? 
   this makes no sense . 
  that 's because the attack was probably not politically motivated but random . 
  that 's not what he said , though . 
  it 's also whataboutism in a thread about a guy with western , non-religious right wing extremist ideas . 
  yes . 
  the biggest group is moderate , as with most groups . 
  islam is a religion . 
  there are left wing muslims . 
  the biggest group of right wing extremists are propably muslims , but that does n't mean all muslims are right wing extremists . 
  not at all .
