  i was speaking from the perspective of the murderer , who i suspect would n't want this to end with that one murder . 
  hopefully there are n't others as insane as him and that 's it . 
  there are also too many in other countries . 
  but is n't this about nato exercises ? 
  would n't that mean that nato may be mobilizing in your example ? 
  well , that removes any doubt left . 
  at least britain is more free now that politicians get murdered on the street . 
  it is really unfortunate that rape is so hard to prove , but you ca n't just convict someone if there is reasonable doubt . 
   ethnic swedish minorities swedish minorities in estonia ? 
  i 'm just talking methods , not motives . 
  can i bring a lamb ? 
  so the same provocation as sharia patrols ? 
  and abusing a religion for their own goals ? 
  and now attacking political opponents ? 
  seems like radical `` christian '' extremists . 
  them being humiliated by begging is their parents fault , them being humiliated by english fans is the fault of these people . 
  by that reasoning throwing food at slaves would be fine . 
  these people really provide a great service . 
  if just more people humiliated children , the world would be a much better place . 
  ok , so the percepted percentages are the real ones and it 's all a conspiracy . 
  any chance the jews are behind this ? 
  if it 's a representational sample it would still be `` correct '' because that would be accounted for . 
  the poll shows that the perception is wrong and you explained why perception is wrong . 
  but why does that make the poll wrong ? 
  ( it may be wrong , but you ca n't really tell without looking at the methods . ), 
  wow , that was fast . 
  when i was last there 2 years ago it was way below 50 % . 
  and can you show me the wrong stats for paris , i ca n't find any in the map . 
  also , it seems like you confuse this for a map of black population ? 
  if you go into a mosque , 100 % are muslim . 
  if you go into a church it 's 0 % . 
  so basically there are no wrong answers for the percentage of muslims in a country ? 
  the number of burglaries has been rising for years , but last years rise is suddenly connected to asylum seekers ? 
  what was the reason for the rising rate the years before and why is n't it the reason anymore ? 
  no one is forcing alternate views on society , they just occur because the people society is made of are individuals . 
  conservatives want to force alternate views out of society . 
  well , we also say something happened in the year 220 bc even though they did n't have our calender then . 
  the groups we now call far right could have existed under a different name before . 
  ( but i do n't know actually , so i 'm just arguing for the sake of it . 
  sorry for that . ), 
  it 's just the problem that half the people think eu has to many rights and the other half think they do n't get anything done . 
  if they go in any direction they risk alienating half of the people . 
  the eu should start doing it desite opposition of member states ? 
  how undemocratic . 
  what 's up with hungary ? 
  -0,8 % seems pretty drastic for a quarter . 
  that should get rid of extremism , just cater to all the extremists . 
  right wing gets a stop to all migration and perhaps something with jews , then a bit of sharia law for islamists . 
  perhaps a basque country for eta . 
  anyone got any more ideas ? 
  but the basis for being here legally is free movement in the eu . 
   and we do n't even know if it is based on an existing definition , or if they created the definition for this new law . 
  i do n't think there is a new law . 
  just a directive to apply existing law . 
   it says nothing about the details . 
  why ? 
  you would have to ask the author of the article . 
  the article only writes about a `` code of conduct on illegal online hate speech '' . 
  so it is about hate speech that is already illegal . 
  i do n't know what the law it is based on states , but the definition i posted probably is n't far off . 
   in the law of some countries , hate speech is any speech , gesture or conduct , writing , or display which is forbidden because it incites violence or prejudicial action against or by a protected individual or group , or because it disparages or intimidates a protected individual or group . 
  criticism = ok inciting violence or prejudicial action = not ok, 
  my guess is that to build something like a minaret you would need a permit anyways . 
  so that would rule out the argument that they do n't fit in an environment . 
  then there is the noise , but you would n't have to allow that either . 
  that leaves a `` sticking it to the muslims '' or `` they do n't belong here '' argument that i find very questionable . 
  i think you confused some languages there , but do n't be too hard on yourself , we know you 're american . 
  he is definitely thinking of zebras there . 
  [ i do n't want to blame it all on 9/11 ... ] ( http://imgur.com/hkizpz0 ), 
  another problem in germany is that the far right has basically hijacked showing pride in our country . 
  as far as i can remember only neo-nazis ran around with flags . 
  nobody wants to be associated with that . 
  but as far as i can tell germans are patriotic enough without showing flag , and not being nationalistic is n't the same as hating our nation ( or all of its history ) . 
  actually , that 's just your screen size . 
  on my screen it 's easily a few thousand kilometres . 
  for this scenario to apply someone would have to be ahead overall despite being behind in all single stats , if i understand it correctly . 
  in my example no one is ever ahead in both single stats . 
  i actually have no idea about the facts , just pointed out a scenario where the quote logically works . 
  you have 3 cows and 2 chicken , your neighbor had 2 cows and 3 chicken ( with chicken being less important ) . 
  now the neighbor gets another cow and with 3 cows and 3 chicken he is ahead . 
  you ca n't deal with your radicals because you 're in the eu ? 
  probably because you would n't hear anything else if you heard about every violent crime in europe . 
  just cut it out and pretend it does n't exist . 
  the geographical definition of europe is n't definied by culture but by geographical landmarks . 
  therefore putting chechnya in europe because it lies inside these geographical landmarks is a valid reason to call it part of the european continent . 
  this is my reason/argument to call it part of europe . 
  now tell me why it is n't a valid reason or argument like you claimed above . 
   no , it is n't . 
  and there is no valid reason or argument for saying it is . 
  except that europe is a continent and chechnya is a part of europe geographically in the most common definition . 
   2017 and we keep teaching people for how to live in their country like when you throw them in jail if they live in their country in a way you do n't like ? 
  you will find many of these characteristics in front national as well . 
  and wilders party reached 13 % of the votes , that 's not far off compared to the afd . 
  what parties have you been refering to anyways if it 's not pvv or afd ? 
  by the sound of it i would say the mother has to prove she ca n't afford to have a kid . 
  world domination ? 
  but they kinda lost when they tried , so who knows . 
  the most popular far right party in germany wants to abolish the right of asylum , wants more surveillance , denies climate change and is against anything that paints gay people in a good light . 
  sounds more like your other party . 
  that 's a valid critique of germany but does n't really have anything to do with germany 's role in the eu or the eu in general .
