   besides , he 's british , and the efl is bigger over here since it has more than four uk teams in it . 
  maybe by popularity , not by quality . 
  another possible reason for his use of the cl for this comparison . 
   hence my original comment . 
  in which you said he compared it from dropping out of champions league into league one . 
  he did n't though , he said one 's like champions league and one 's like league one . 
  i imagine the comparison he wanted to make was between the worlds best competition and some third tier national one . 
  why would he do the comparison between tier 2 and 3 of english football ? 
  that would only make sense if he made an argument about what tier 1 would be . 
  as impossible as tony blair confusing champion 's league and championship ? 
  the team just has to be relegated while winning the champions league , then relegated again the following year . 
  good argument . 
  not a really good example because people already spit on the floor here all the time . 
  and also not a good example because wearing something is purely personal , while spitting on the ground has an effect on your environment , albeit a very small one . 
  it would be closer to making tattoos or piercings illegal . 
  these also made people uncomfortable in the beginning and sometimes still , but nobody is thinking about banning them . 
  is `` not 100 % compatible with our lifestyle '' a reason to make something illegal ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  generally yes , you ca n't just ban one religious dress . 
  it 's not illegal to walk around in a mankini . 
  your numbers of states are correct but the popular vote was 48,2 % / 46,1 % . 
  i thought everyone used that term as a mocking euphemism for lie anyways . 
  i 'm not talking about central planning . 
  the job market works in supply and demand , too , and with a reduced population demand will go down about as much . 
  so if automation leads to less jobs this would n't work . 
  and i 'm not saying it definitely does lead to that , i 'm just saying your hypothetical solution to the hypothetical problem would n't actually solve it . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  if a country with 10 people and 10 jobs moves to an economy where 6 people can do all the jobs , who 's to say if the country shrinks to 6 people there would n't just be 3 or 4 jobs left . 
  a rise in unemployment does . 
  and if there is a rise in unemployment due to automatisation , a shrinking population would n't solve that . 
  if you have less people in general you need even less jobs . 
  the number of available jobs correlates very much with the population . 
  exporters would be the only ones not affected by a shrinking population . 
  i agree , unemployment wo n't skyrocket . 
  but it is possible there will be less jobs in the future , and it is a good idea to think about solutions early enough . 
   despite all the fear-mongering , we 're so far away from even the most basic , manual jobs being fully automated . 
  there are already many fully automated factories that would have had tons of basic manual jobs decades ago . 
  the government , not the people . 
  luckily the government will soon be `` independent '' again . 
  better vote for anti-establishment candidates that still put bankers in their government , right ? 
  get up to date , i corrected myself more than 5 minutes ago . 
  already corrected , i kinda forgot children ca n't vote . 
  i would expect around 50 million . 
  edit : first guess was a bit high . 
  last election was about 35 million so about that many . 
  there are about 7 million votes there , so while probably correct it 's only a small part of the electorate currently counted . 
  these are party people , people in the general population do n't think like that . 
  sorry , your civilisation is too old for our ancient civilisations meeting . 
   i also used to hunt them that 's painting hilarious pictures in my head . 
  what you 're saying sounds a lot like `` fuck these people '' . 
  but erdogan has got you covered . 
  not all of them are citizens . 
  i would n't want someone becoming a citizen for entirely opportunistic reasons . 
  did you want to reply to me ? 
  `` opposed to what '' what ? 
  well , if we give them the choice of either taking the german citizenship exclusively or being thrown out of the country i 'm sure we 're getting some model citizens . 
  kicking people born in the country out for their political views ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  the yes voters are far more likely to chose their turkish citizenship over the other one . 
  it seems like the definition i used was too narrow . 
  i certainly should have used another example of a secular dictator to get my point across . 
  hitler 's ideology was clearly not christian . 
  non-secularism implies there is a state religion that the government meddles in ( or religious leader meddling in the state ) . 
  so what was this state religion , christianity or hitler 's ideology ? 
  in my opinion hitler certainly was n't a christian dictator and i would n't call his own ideology a religion . 
   it does n't have to be a church though , because that would imply that only christian governments would be non-secular . 
  it can be any religion . 
  i used `` church '' as an example for religious leaders . 
  it can be any religion of course . 
   so i guess it really comes down to whether or not you consider national socialist ideology religious . 
  i certainly would . 
  i mean , ideologies like communism are only really focussed on economics and government . 
  national socialism goes much further and has an entire origin story of mankind and what not . 
  how is that not religious ? 
  the reason i would n't call nazi germany a religious state is that no one had that `` nazi religion '' . 
  it was something that was forced on the people . 
  the german people were christian before him and christian after him . 
  so while there were some religious/mysticical themes in hitler 's ideology it was n't really a state religion . 
  secular does n't mean rational . 
  and just because hitler 's ideas were racist and dumb and unrational does n't mean they were religious . 
  by your definition germany today is n't secular because our government makes some decisions based in the religion of some of it 's members . 
  but that is n't what secular means . 
  secularism is about the seperation of church and state . 
  and neither did hitler control the church , nor had the church control over him . 
  thank you , i actually do n't know all that much about turkish history . 
  would you say atat\u00fcrk was n't a dictator at all ? 
  or was it something in between ? 
   the notion that they were atheistic is laughable at best . 
  i never claimed that . 
  secular and atheistic are two different things . 
   wilipedia : secularism is the principle of the separation of government institutions and persons mandated to represent the state from religious institutions and religious dignitaries this is the definition of secularism i use . 
  i never said hitler did n't was n't religious or did n't at all use religion . 
  but germany was a secular country at the time and still is . 
  or would you call merkel 's current government a religious non-secular one ? 
  she is a christian democrat and some of her opinions are rooted in christianity after all . 
  germany was already secular at the time . 
  angela merkel is also a secular leader but did n't take action against religion . 
  i totally should 've . 
  i disagree , the anti-semitism was n't religious but cultural . 
  ( of course `` the jews '' were still murdered by `` the christians '' , but the church was n't a key part of that . ),
