  a xenophobe will probably find the fault in immigration , though . 
  so what he wants is basically no changes , except giving up voting rights in exchange for no eu-immigration . 
  and that one is n't even possible . 
  seriously , what 's wrong with all these people . 
  that 's the end game isis and others are working towards . 
  but they are certainly not powerful enough to make it happen . 
  in the big picture , terrorism is an inconvenience , not an existential threat . 
  even if it becomes more common . 
  1984 shows a great example of a country without terrorism . 
  other terrorism is fine of course . 
  there are no negotiations before triggering article 50 , there are no road blocks to triggering article 50 and the possibilities of european integration are pretty much on the table . 
  if boris or anyone else do n't know what they 're doing it 's not the eu 's task to help them . 
  and the statement was just correcting the statement that single market access is possible without freedom of labour . 
  they want a quick start to the negotiations . 
  after that we will see , but single market access comes with freedom of labour . 
  alien blue has that option in the settings under comments -  show author flair . 
  does it seem like i 'm denying it will happen ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it will happen , the question is when . 
  and pensions have to be paid now and in the coming years . 
  of course `` robots '' have been taking jobs for quite some time now , but it is not a problem as long as there are still enough jobs for the population . 
  and no one really knows when that changes . 
  could be 10 years , 50 years or even further off . 
  you might even get a better deal out of it . 
  the uk probably has less negotiating power on its own . 
  to be fair , no one really knows how far the `` robots taking jobs '' thing is away . 
  the problems with an aging population are closer . 
  do you think that way about every government or is the eu government the only one you ca n't complain about ? 
  yes , it can make sense . 
  it is cheaper . 
  but is it cheap enough if you are already paying less than normal ? 
  that 's the question for the uk . 
  norway and switzerland would n't get the deal the uk has . 
  it 's a pretty good deal . 
  he 's not doing his job , but that 's why he was voted in . 
  a post celebrating the positives of immigration , after the whole immigrant population of a country has just been alienated by half the country . 
  seems nice to me . 
  germany and austria opened their borders to let thousands of refugees stuck in hungary in , so the problem existed before . 
  actions should have been taken in the first half of 2015 , not when there were already 100.000 + arrivals per month . 
  you got me . 
  i 'm the letter u up there . 
  is knocking out some immigrant with a bottle a hate crime these days ? 
  what is n't then ? 
  you mean the people sent there by their governments do n't decide for their governments ? 
  perhaps the governments should sent different people then . 
  and they can decide how the eu acts without the council now ? 
   that 's literally how most of the eu council votes go , since every country has a say , they have to reach a consensus . 
  what are the advantages of leaving the eu and joining eea ? 
  you have at least two years , if that helps . 
  interesting day to talk about sensible economic interests . 
  but federalisation would give more power to the eu government and less to powerful members ' governments . 
  `` well , my bad . 
  my magnet does n't have east and west , and i 'm pretty sure it 's bigger than luxembourg . 
  but in europe water is n't a problem , and i do n't think we will run out of rare earths easily . 
  europe could easily sustain quite a few more people . 
  for arid places that might be different , but a declining european population would n't help that . 
  why would ressources be more scarce in the future ? 
  well , many of them are small , irrelevant teams that have no chance at qualifying anyways . 
  like andorra , liechtenstein and northern ire ... oh !, 
  both can be right . 
  in germany it 's also called mittsommer or sommersonnenwende ( summer solstice ) . 
  summer is still from june to september here . 
  you wrote victim in quotes , impliying the guy who was punched is n't a victim . 
  since he is new in politics , all he brings is his name . 
  others have at least their past accomplishments , for better or worse . 
   walk all the way across europe without even being an eu citizen but that does n't include the uk , does it ? 
  you have border control . 
  i do n't remember the trump bit exactly , but i think john oliver did the more serious criticism , too . 
  just ended it with stupid fun stuff , like he does most of the time . 
  it 's just a different approach , and calling someone poopy head can be funny , too . 
  the `` small hands '' stuff is also not particularly clever , but i still laughed . 
  the drumpf thing had a point . 
  he was saying that trump is just a name and a brand , and when you take the name away it 's just some guy who says stupid stuff for an audience . 
  but not in any way connected to the refugee crisis . 
  it 's not literally the only argument , but that could be solved with any kind of immigration . 
  taking exactly these people is still based on emotion . 
  thanks for taking your time writing this . 
  i did n't want to say it 's wrong that the majority coming to europe is male ( 66-34 are the stats i have seen ) . 
  i did n't like how the fact that john oliver used a girl as an example was suddenly so bad . 
  taking refugees is a humanitarian effort , and feelings are basically the only argument for it . 
  and finally , i would n't wish it on my worst enemy to be forced to leave his family behind not knowing what will happen , in search for what basically is a decent life . 
  i fully agree there . 
  `` controlling '' the spread of hatred and extremism would do far more than controlling borders . 
  but how would you control ideas , and should you even control ideas . 
  education helps , but is also not a 100 % solution . 
  as far as i understand refugees are vetted before they come to the us . 
  that would make it less likely for a terrorist to be among them , than with anyone else travelling there . 
  or living there . 
  we did n't have that opportunity because border agencies were overwhelmed . 
  he was n't lying , he was just wrong . 
  he was still talking to an american audience , obviously trying to win them over . 
  to americans , problems that are caused by open borders and masses of people arriving at the same time are just not relevant and i can understand why he wanted to downplay that . 
  the whole piece was obviously biased , but he is always like that . 
  or did he ever bring arguments for the other side on issues ? 
  you can obviously not like that , but saying that the refugee bit is the reason you do n't like him is just showing your bias ( not saying you said that ) . 
  but do you know he showed a refugee girl although almost all of the refugees are young men ? 
  that , and the fact that he actually wants to take refugees disqualify him . 
  troll or terrorist supporter ? 
  i do n't actually believe nato may be mobilizing . 
  and certainly neither russia nor nato have anything to win in a war . 
  it 's just power games .
