  so basically the same situation as any german family with one provider . 
  education is an investment anyway , not a loss . 
  would be pretty stupid to get rid of your id if you are actually applicable for asylum . 
   you also ca n't be dependent on governmental assistance , you have to have a stable job and you must be able to provide for the people you bring . 
  so family reunification is actually good for the economy , because the money is not sent to the family abroad but is spent in germany . 
  also public opinion would be a lot kinder to refugees if there were n't illegal immigrants between them . 
  you 're always allowed to call it as it is , once you know it is that way . 
  but with knowing i mean facts and not `` knowing '' . 
  actually , you are allowed to call it `` as it is '' even if you are only `` knowing '' , we 're living in free countries after all . 
  but i can definitely criticize that . 
  even if i have a six sided die with five sides 6 and one side 1 , i do n't talk about it rolling a 6 like it 's a fact . 
  and talking about consequences of it being a 6 when you do n't actually know the result also seems a bit early . 
  you are n't forecasting the probability of something happening to make your life safer here . 
  something happened already . 
  the forecast does n't change anything about that . 
  it 's the difference between saying `` do n't go into a dark alley , you might get robbed '' which has some value , and saying `` this guy was robbed ? 
  it was probably in a dark alley '' . 
  i do n't see the value in the second one . 
  but the comment we were talking about started blaming lighter salesmen after smelling smoke . 
  i do n't want to undermine some pattern , and this `` forecasting '' is definitely part of how the police investigate something like that . 
  but what is forecasting worth when discussing a crime ? 
  why ca n't we wait for facts ? 
  making investments , laws and business decisions has to be beforehand . 
  blaming someone for a crime should absolutely not . 
  we should judge first and look for facts after because of statistics ? 
  or what are you trying to say ? 
  others think the same about asylum , and since the two currently are n't easy to separate we get compromise until they are . 
  so where is a muslim born in france born ? 
  fyi after an election , when the first results came in , some people wanted to celebrate but merkel thought it was premature . 
  but if you want it to be proof that she hates germany just go with it , there are thousands that do . 
  police have stated that it 's not him . 
  yes , but the police are the ones looking for him and they have the picture . 
  the unblurred picture was also released , but it 's mostly published blurred . 
  cctv helps to identify and find the criminals , but it would n't stop an attack like that . 
  is it profiling if you are looking for someone with a picture of him ? 
  a quote from the bible , part of the christmas story , seems appropriate after a terror attack on a christmas market . 
  `` as a single male you better go die in that war , it 's the normal thing . '', 
  it is possible to care about both . 
  it happened literally right next to a street . 
  it 's most likely an attack , but what you 've seen is wrong . 
  maybe the class is mandatory . 
  he was born in germany . 
  so yes , we have records of that . 
  til foreigners are n't people the reason human rights are called that is because they are n't only for citizens but all people . 
  if parties that would change the constitution to strip people of rights get 66 % of seats in parliament we would be in quite deep trouble . 
  but that wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  stripping people of fundamental rights because it 's inconvenient is totally something we should do . 
  that 's just not the case , at least in germany . 
  fundamental human rights are inalienable . 
  fundamental rights of citizens  fundamental rights of refugees  right of citizens to decide if other people get fundamental rights, 
  and it 's further away from the european continent than ankara . 
  but europe is made up anyway , so it does n't really matter . 
  neither is all of cyprus . 
  what is asylum ? 
  many russian athletes were already banned from the olympics this year for this . 
  it 's the difference between individual people going to another country to request asylum , and governments sending people to another country . 
  it would n't be a problem if they just travelled back to their country . 
  government should be forced to take their own citizens back though , but even then the problem is proving it . 
  taking these people stuck in hungary was already the solution to the logistical problem , and hungary started to secure their borders soon after that . 
  but the bulk already started to arrive at this point . 
  europe should have taken this situation much more serious much earlier , at that point the only option was emergency solutions . 
  i 'm not really sure what to think about that . 
  generally referenda are good for some things , like constitutional changes ( if you do n't make it about something else like in italy ) . 
  they are pretty stupid if they do n't matter ( like the one in the netherlands ) or if the solution is not a simple yes/no question ( brexit ) . 
   so i 'll ask directly : do you think the austrian chancellor and merkel made the right choice when they decided to let through and onwards the migrants that had set off from budapest ? 
  was hungary able and willing to register them ? 
  if not , it was the only possibility . 
  of course they should have been registered in greece , but if countries either do n't have the ressources or not willing to do these things something has to happen . 
  that point was reached at the time . 
  i 'm still not sure what constitutes this gate-opening in your opinion . 
  the `` invitation '' ? 
  the not-closing of borders ? 
  the people from hungary we took ? 
  because i do n't really see a gate opening but just a big rise of people arriving late summer 2015 . 
  you said we opened the gates and i said there were never any gates and people could always just come to germany . 
  we had to reintroduce border controls to even have the ability to stop anyone . 
  so i do n't see how it can be called opening the gates . 
  do any parties want that other than csu and afd ? 
  so what you are saying is we did n't close our borders . 
  i have never in my life seen border controls on the border to austria . 
  until this year that was . 
  germany did n't have any gates to open . 
  there was a time when the first page of / r/europe was literally only crime stories . 
  if you want to have a subreddit that is not about a singular topic you need rules and moderation . 
  and there are discussions about migrant and refugee crime quite regular here regardless of that . 
  there have been more than 25000 `` straftaten gegen die sexuelle selbstbestimmung '' ( rape and sexual harassment ) by germans in 2015 . 
   i see local news stories here constantly . 
  you could report them , if they are crime stories . 
   disallowed submissions :  a. 
  local crime : local crime news with no international or political significance will be removed . 
  criminal offenses are common and by themselves are not relevant at a pan-european scale . 
  however , we reserve the right to approve funny , interesting and/or unique crime stories . 
  meta-studies , or longitudinal studies , of crime and the nature of crime are perfectly acceptable . 
  if crimes only become news stories when refugees are involved , it paints the picture that every/most crimes involve a refugee . 
  for the picture to be accurate you 'd have to report on other crimes as well . 
  we 're talking about a 15 min program here , reporting on all major crimes is just not an option . 
  edit : there actually is a programm on the same station reporting on crime stories , it is 45 min long every day and they reported on this . 
  this particular program , the only program where it was n't reported , generally does n't report on crime stories . 
  they also did n't report it when the murder happened , but somehow noone was bothered . 
  the ard reported on it through their website , it was reported through swr which is part of ard and it was reported in other programs on ard like brisant .
