  what are some of these unrealistic demands that would harm your well being ? 
   the council of europe is an international organisation focused on protecting human rights , democracy , rule of law in europe . 
  all things that the far right hates and therefore liberal hippie stuff . 
  many terrorists have probaby given up getting guns and explosives because they get caught when they do . 
  in most other parts of the world it 's easier getting a gun . 
  you ca n't do anything else than generalising people , can you ? 
  so much bullshit . 
   most of them have no intention of integrating with the decadent degenerates of the west . 
  some , definitely not most . 
   why do you think every country they come from is a complete shithole . 
  the people make their country what it is . 
  these countries have mostly been shit since before they were born and since you mostly wo n't find functioning democracies there people have no option to make it better . 
   no fears of being killed by a radical muslim or right-wing extremist . 
  as long as these are the only murderers you care about you would likely be fine 40 years in the past . 
  but generally the number of homicides per 100.000 people is about half from 40 years ago . 
  it 's the `` motivation '' of the people asking attackers to do that . 
  the attackers themselves are mostly small time criminals who do as they 're told . 
  i doubt they can do that . 
  that 's surely gender discrimination . 
  the problem is that they do wear it and it defeats the purpose of banning masks . 
  so know they can either allow masks or ban niqabs at games , both with unwanted consequences . 
  she does n't . 
  but she is aware that asylum is a right . 
  no you ca n't . 
  in the eu they can be deported to the country of entry but otherwise you would have to strike a deal with other countries . 
  there is currently no way to deny refuge based on the fact the refugee came from a safe country . 
  because then you would have to deport them to their home which would be illegal if they face persecution there . 
  so chinatowns are colonies ? 
  the think you need to look up the definition of the word . 
   territory under the political control of an overseas state communities of immigrants are not colonies . 
  well , the title says immigration is not a right , which is true . 
  but asylum is a right , so if we mix both in the term immigrant , the title is partially true and partially false . 
  i figured that out , but it 's totally off-topic . 
  it looks like you are just looking for an excuse to blame this on islam even if it 's not terrorism . 
  this was a mentally ill person that snapped . 
  if you want to look at another case in germany where societal influences might have had an impact on horrible acts look at the murderer in herne . 
  unfortunately he 's german though . 
  why ? 
  do muslims have a higher chance of being diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic ? 
  you know the guy had no ties to radical islamism ? 
  because it does n't seem like you know . 
  do you think it 's possible to convince them ? 
  because i do n't . 
  so the real refugees are out of luck due to the existence of opportunists ? 
  not that they were lucky before ... sure we have to find out who is an opportunist and who is a real refugee , but `` building a wall '' and not helping anyone is not a good solution . 
  i 'm not saying it is our job , i 'm just saying they would n't get help if it were n't for us . 
  everyone puts more faith in politicians they like than the ones they do n't like . 
  who does all of history stand against ? 
  and if we ca n't help everyone we wo n't help anyone ? 
  drowning is less of a problem on the balkan route . 
  yes . 
  but what if they do n't ? 
  who else will if not us ? 
  but if you shut the door and do n't offer alternatives , the refugees are n't not endangered . 
  everything you propose is just shifting the problems on others , either other countries or the refugees themselves . 
  neither did the wall reduce the number of refugees in existence , nor did it better the conditions for refugees . 
  so the only way it works is shifting the problems on others . 
  they are welcome , the people doing these attacks are a very small minority . 
  according to our [ secutity agencies ] ( https://www.verfassungsschutz.de/de/service/glossar/_lt ) it 's the ongoing fight for political goals through attacks on people . 
  it 's the standard `` we currently have no indication that it 's a terrorist act '' response . 
  does n't mean it is n't terrorism , just that the police is n't confident enough to state anything specific . 
  it might be because people who are not mentally ill are less likely to do something like that . 
  if someone is mentally ill it might be hard to tell his intention . 
  that 's why i would put it in a different category . 
  but for the sake of useful statistics i would generally stick to the definition of terrorists as driven by ideology . 
  is every violent crime terrorism with your definition ? 
  the best way to get it off the agenda is just allowing it . 
  just one step and no one has to mention it again . 
  it 's not illegal to watch the speech . 
  it 's just that the channel is blocked in germany , probably because the guy is a nazi using nazi symbols . 
  sending a message is not enough of a reason to restrict people 's freedom . 
  if that 's the only way these laws worked out that 's very negative in my opinion . 
   it has worked okay in france , belgium , chad , italy , bulgaria , and switzerland . 
  so why not ? 
  how has it worked ? 
  did it result in less crimes , better integration or other things ? 
  or has it worked in that people do n't wear it anymore ( which in itself does n't make things better , just restrict some people ) . 
  i 'm genuinly curious . 
   you can quantify reported rapes like you can literally anything else in this post . 
  a higher number of reported rapes can mean that victims are n't afraid to go to the police , which would be a good thing . 
  so it is a quantifiable number but a higher number does n't necessarily mean `` bad '' . 
  only burn them a bit obviously . 
  just to get the taste . 
  you could just `` insult '' iran 's backwards laws . 
  plenty of islamic countries do n't force the hijab on women . 
  that 's ageist . 
  this is the `` i 'm just pretending '' excuse , right ? 
  but burglars could use it to check out your house . 
  ^ - too ^ many ^ stupid ^ people, 
  wait until you here about the number of churches ... 
  ok , makes sense . 
  i agree somehow . 
  it will be interesting to see what will happen to the union if they actually did lose the election . 
  a nationwide csu seems more possible than ever . 
  every single wahlkreis elects a direct representative for their own population . 
  it 's just that in other parts of the country the winners are from nationwide parties . 
  ( i ca n't believe i 'm defending the csu here ), 
  csu would be in the bundestag even if they did n't reach 5 % because of all the direct mandates from bavaria . 
  and currently they are pretty safe over 5 % , and that 's from bavaria alone . 
  you could probably argue that they are overrepresenting bavarian interests because they only have local representatives and not a national list , but they are still proportionally represented like every other party .
