  the war started before the weapon deliveries . 
  moderate rebels did n't turn out to be isis , isis came much later from iraq and were n't a player in the beginning . 
  western countries were n't going to support the dictator killing his own people . 
  i do n't support any of the western interactions at that time , but it is not true that western countries started the war . 
  the enemy of the enemy is not always a friend . 
  if he stays it will be the same situation that started the civil war in the first place . 
   an agenda against the electorate and tax-payers of the country . 
  says the not-german-tax-payer to the german-tax-payer . 
  that would be great . 
  there are two videos of this incident and i have yet to see the guy who shouts it . 
  why is no one filming him ? 
  there are risks with nuclear and problems with gmos ca n't be ruled out . 
  i do n't see how opposition to these topics is worse than risking the global climate . 
  personally i am pro-gmo and see an unsolved issue with permanent disposal of nuclear waste , but climate change denial is a far bigger issue than gmo opposition anyways . 
  the points you posted about the left anti-intelectualism can be explained the same way . 
  nuclear , gmos , demographic studies are not without issues and these also have n't been all adressed . 
  opposition to gmos and nuclear is way older . 
  the second is literally 30 years old . 
  the bigger rise of anti-intelectualism was on the right , but it is up all over society . 
  i did n't deny you are right , i only denied it is a problem of only the left . 
  especially when one of your points shows anti-intelectualism on the right . 
  so it is anti-intelectual to not take climate change deniers or holocaust seriously ? 
  anti-intelectualism is a problem but it 's a problem of our society , not the left . 
  because of orbans authoritorian style government not his handling of the refugee crisis . 
  is he now immune to criticism ? 
  no , they did n't let the story die out , it was confirmed fake . 
  there were no explosives found . 
  it may be a cultural thing . 
  sure , people shoot here on ranges , too . 
  but i would certainly feel uneasy if i saw a civillian with a gun `` in the wild '' . 
  that just is n't right , guns are for war , not peace . 
  i do n't want to deny that , but there is still a big difference to cars . 
  if as a politician you are directly responsible for every death that can be linked in any way with any of your policies , there has not been a leader of a country that is n't a mass murderer . 
  i know what you are trying to say but you do n't have to be stupid about it . 
  also merkel had the mandate and public opinion on her side when her policy started , so if you want to go there our whole democracy is directly responsible . 
  tbh i do n't know very much about the case . 
  is she a fugitive ? 
  i would believe that authorities are investigating and she will go before a court once ( or if ) she is deemed guilty after the investigation . 
  but again i do n't know enough about the case , but i do n't think this one case is a sign of problems with media , and especially not with media in germany . 
  what would there be to report ? 
  the media reports the news . 
  when there is nothing but an ongoing investigation , there is no news . 
  should a news person stand 24/7 before her house , with daily reporting of `` nothing happend today '' ? 
  if you had a media outlet , what would you do ? 
   on the other hand i ca n't find an article about her , noor salman from july , the last mention of her is from jun , she going missing after an ocean of evidence emerges about her involvement in the preparation of the attack . 
  last i heard she was under investigation . 
  i do n't know what there would be for the media to report , daily articles with nothing new ? 
  as far as i 'm aware the police in nizza first described him as a lone wolf until they found the ties . 
  not really the fault of the news . 
  with orlando you might be right , i did n't know his ex knew about plans for the attack . 
  do you have a source on this ? 
  but anyways , the reporting about these cases would n't be the german media 's fault like / u/the _ german_german proclaimed . 
  no , he misspoke . 
  merkel was actually the guy with the machete . 
  nice was discussed as a terror attack on the same evening , orlando was more unclear because the act could have fitted other types of crime . 
  hell , even munich was discussed as terrorism until it turned out it was n't , so i do n't know what news you watch . 
  the right cause of action is to report isis is behind it ( that 's what they will say anyways ) . 
  then the next days you can revert back to `` probably not terrorism '' , but no one will read that . 
  we will call that anti-censorship or / r/uncensorednews . 
  how often has that pattern be applied ? 
  i know of one case where it partly applies . 
  it was a big surprise when the inventor of the device to propel a bullet at a high velocity found out it was a good tool for killing . 
   extremism : belief in and support for ideas that are very far from what most people consider correct or reasonable no action needed . 
   but my actions and public persona are moderate . 
  so you pretend to be moderate but actually hold extremist views . 
  do you even know what we can do with broomsticks ? 
  you do n't think germany and france could have poland 's back because they spend less than 2 % of their gdp ? 
  because it 's irrelevant . 
  nato means unconditional support and if they decide to take a hypothetical new member like this , then so be it . 
  there are better ways to deal with this . 
  trump either does n't care , is stupid , or both . 
  what he does helps no one ( except maybe russia ) . 
  if you ca n't trust your allies to have your back the alliance is dead . 
  so it may not be holding it hostage , but an execution . 
   perhaps it should become mandatory . 
  perhaps it should , but it is n't . 
  and holding the alliance hostage is not a good way to deal with it . 
  he means what he says and it 's his job to prepare , does n't mean it 's easy . 
  the network in this case was the internet and we already know that isis uses it . 
  it is still a lone wolf because he did n't have any practical help or ( apparently ) specific assignment . 
  i think you misunderstood the statement because it is not remotely comparable to `` arms length '' . 
  this is not to excuse him , but to better understand why this happens and to find better countermeasures against radicalizing . 
  weiler at least agrees with me that the weak parliament is part of the problem . 
  other than that , i 'm not familiar with all the terminology , but i find nothing really unfixable there . 
  that 's fine for you , but i guess you still would n't use smiley to comment on tragedies . 
  no , not really . 
  the european parliament is democratically elected . 
  if it gets more power , eu becomes more democratic . 
  but also more federal due to the reduced power of the members ' governments . 
  if that was what i was thinking , i would be even sadder , not happy . 
  pretty fucked up if you asked me . 
  a solution to the democracy deficit can also be a closer union . 
  you seem to be happy about this . 
  better not use a smiley when something bad happens . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  there is one poll from the uk , but about other countries ? 
  muslims in germany are very moderate , [ 60 % ] ( http://www.handelsblatt.com/politik/deutschland/umfrage-muslime-fuehlen-sich-deutschland-verbunden/11200024.html ) even support gay marriage ( which still is n't legal here . ), 
  their relationship with russia is pretty bad , i would think so . 
  you went kinda off topic and i was just wondering why . 
  more confusion than allergic reaction .
