   would a european defence force be willing to send troops to turkey ? 
  nato members ca n't be purely defensive . 
  countries would still have their own army , exactly because an eu army would be purely defensive . 
  but that 's for the participating countries to figure out , not the uk . 
  i do n't think there could be anything else than negotiations in the time the uk is still in , would n't be particular expensive . 
  setting this up will take many years , and once article 50 is triggered next year there is no way the uk will be integrated in that . 
  this is like a group of friend deciding what to do for the weekend . 
  one will most likely be out of town , but still vetos watching a movie because he can . 
  it may be legal , but it 's a dick move . 
  center right vs. far-right and in the end it 's going to be 3 parties to the left of them governing . 
  even on your graph todays rise in temperature looks by far the steepest . 
  as long as you do n't repeat that mistake . 
  you can still be lucky that you live in a time when most people are vaccinated . 
  because most people are . 
  you can be lucky not everyone is so dumb . 
  just to be safe : i was being sarcastic . 
  concentration camps have really been tainted by the nazis . 
  if not for all the political correctness we could finally build one again to contain all the migrants . 
  of course only until we find out what 's going on with islam and figure out a more final solution . 
   ... and not return to daylight-saving time . 
  since we are in daylight saving time now , it 's more like never leaving daylight-saving time again . 
  since the refugee crisis started 1 year ago for the majority of europe 's politicians it 's only understandable that it started 1 year ago in the mind of most redditors . 
  it 's not italy 's fault . 
  i guess it 's because france does n't want them , and they do n't want to be in france . 
  they also do n't want to go back where they came from and france ca n't really sent them there ( when people get picked up right off the libyan coast and not sent back it 's obvious that the legal framework is just not there right now ) . 
  maybe they could send them to italy , but that does n't make many things better . 
  then there is this agreement with the uk leading to this situation where they want to go to the uk , france would like them to go to the uk but it 's not possible . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  i would very much like to know if the spiegel report was false , or they changed their opinion after the backlash . 
  same as when she tells you she does n't want to leave the house . 
  you ca n't . 
  oh , so they just do n't care about these voters at all and 80 % of the ones they care about wanted to leave . 
  fptp is really such a bad system . 
  well then , since people ca n't look for themselves i have to take your word for it . 
  or not . 
  if you discount the other parts that remain did n't win , leave got an incredible 100 % . 
  so it 's not a good idea to look how alternative solutions are working ? 
  i think forcing someone to wear something might be illegal , too . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  it 's probably for the prfessionals to decide what clothing can restrict rescue efforts . 
  but marseille does n't apply it to the burkini right now , do they ? 
  and they do n't restrict clothing at the beach ? 
  i obviously do n't know the wording of this ruling . 
  i also do n't really now why you brought this up . 
  dublin even says that asylum applicants can be sent to the first country where they were registered first , not have to . 
  apart from the fact that most were n't registered at all . 
  they are designed to be swimwear that complies with the criteria of modesty . 
  also the burkini has been forbidden on the beach , not only for swimming . 
  is regular clothing also forbidden on the beach ? 
  and are there criteria for the functionality that have to be followed to be considered swimwear in france ? 
  it 's been specifically invented for and tailored to swimming . 
  that statement tells me herrmann thinks she breaks laws . 
  and not even which laws she would break . 
  `` no , she does n't . '', 
  would be an appropriate answer . 
   she acted outside the law and like an absolute monarch . 
  except for being elected and not breaking laws ? 
   it 's simply incorrect to say that terrorism came only with the refugees that 's true , is n't it ? 
  there have been islamist terrorists as early as 2001 in germany , and there have been attacks before 2015 . 
  not really , it 's specifically swimwear . 
  sure it 's not a good argument , there is way too many uncertainties to predict the effects of brexit , and i 'm no expert . 
  i was just replying to someone saying it 's all fine because the stock market is not down ( in pound ) . 
  brexit really barely had an impact . 
  it feels like the uk has n't left the eu at all . 
  may be true for some , but not all of them . 
  it really is a circus . 
  i can imagine that there are still 160k in greek and italian camps , but all the time and ressources wasted in this debate could have been used to really better the situation . 
  that 's why she 's urging them , not arresting . 
  everything 's better than agreeing to take them and then months and months of not doing that . 
  would n't that make it less of an issue with taking them ? 
  if they do n't stay anyways ? 
  i just do n't understand how this is still a topic when it was already agreed on 10 months ago . 
  thank you for that , i just did n't understand why this ( still ) is a thing . 
  they could just say they want to take the most prosecuted ones , which would probably be some christian minority . 
  that way they get what they want while not discriminating based on religion . 
  is this still about the refugees the countries have already agreed to take in last year ? 
  the people doing these bad things and the people wearing a burkini on the beach in nice are n't the same though . 
  i doubt the people doing bad things in saudi arabia would even care about the women in nice . 
  i think you mixed seperation of power and secularism up , they 're not the same thing . 
  i replied to someone saying the ban is ok because others are doing it . 
  how is that not giving a shit how others do it ? 
  but you have to see that you are legitimizing the actions of the other countries that way , one example being saudi arabias ridiculous policies . 
  are you defending saudi arabia forcing women to wear the niqab ? 
  as far as i 'm aware polling has n't been far off for past elections . 
  polling results are generally pretty accurate here . 
  i do n't really know where this sudden distrust for polls comes from when there are multiple groups doing them with similar result that have been pretty accurate historically . 
  they have n't been growing in polls for month . 
  they built a base of people who have always been pretty far on the right , but voted cdu/csu before because they did n't want to vote for literal nazis . 
  i do n't think they have much appeal to a broader audience in their current state . 
  ( at least in the west ) if they play their cards right they could maybe take the place of the linke in eastern germany , for the voters who have been left behind by the reunification . 
  only when every step of these women is regulated we can be sure they are n't oppressed . 
  maybe she thought secular means the government wo n't interfere with religion . 
  easy mistake to make because that 's the definition of the word . 
  they have abided by the rules , then you changed it to make their swimwear illegal . 
  we already have a member that 's geographically 100 % in asia . 
   so we should not care anymore and leave them alone to sort their own shit out . 
  just like our own ancestors had done this in europe before . 
  this just sounds incredibly selfish from someone who had the luck to be born in a country where we do n't have to `` sort shit out '' . 
  also when it 's hot and sunny . 
  not really , the only major party against it is cdu/csu , and i do n't think many muslims vote for them .
