  they did not report on it as part of tageschau because they do n't report on crime stories there . 
  you know how many people get murdered in europe every day ? 
  two people get murdered on average every day in germany alone . 
  that 's why local crime stories are not allowed in this sub , it would drown out everything else . 
  i do n't really get your argument about political correctness . 
  would there be less discrimination if it was less frowned upon to put people in groups ? 
  i would think the opposite would happen . 
  the prison argument also does n't fit , because this is about actions of individuals . 
  of course it 's not discrimination to treat someone different because he did something different than others . 
  and with children , there are actual biological differences to adult humans , that comparison does n't really fit if you do n't want to go full nazi . 
  a better example , if you had millions of friends and once in a while one of them punched someone i do n't know in the face . 
  it 's not even that . 
  i find it hard to believe that 55 % of all greek people have been burned by a jew . 
  it would be prejudiced if you punched me in the face and then i met a different person that has the same religion or race as you and i would assume he would punch me in the face because of that . 
  if i then act on this prejudice , that would be discriminatory . 
  people have to accept discrimination because it 's logical ? 
  that 's actually why i like public news stations . 
  they get their money to deliver news regardless of people giving a fuck about it . 
  a valuable public service . 
  humans too . 
  not that i know anything about that . 
  if you have to put that kind of effort into getting your news , you 're basically almost a journalist . 
  just without publishing it . 
  and if everyone was a journalist we would n't need news outlets . 
  as long as i do n't feed them after midnight it should be ok . 
  it 's not a desire , i just do n't want anyone fleeing war or prosecution to be denied help here . 
   addictedtosignaling  signaling to the far-right username checks out . 
  is n't the italian government generally not very stable ? 
  perhaps this helps . 
  some went back on their on , others were deported . 
  why would it be different this time ? 
  people being `` compatible and integratable '' depends very much on the individual , but what difference does this make in being sent back to your country ? 
  if you are less compatible with the life in europe you are less likely to go back ? 
  and why do people this time have less sense to rebuild their countries ? 
   that will 100 % never happen . 
  you should know that . 
  only dumb people think the migrants will ever leave europe . 
  it 's been going on since the 1960s . 
  they come and never leave , they displace and replace the indigenous communities . 
  except after the last refugee crisis in the 90s most refugees returned to their countries . 
  good journalism is expensive and not very profitable anymore . 
  clickbait is winning right now . 
  it might balance itself out once mainstream media becomes so bad with news that people are willing to pay for good journalism again . 
  or not , and it will die . 
  there is a difference between imigration/visas and refugees . 
  a cap on immigration or visas would be no problem constitutionally in germany . 
  i heard they want to call this independent ulm neu-ulm . 
  he had some ties to nazi groups online . 
  but his actions were more motivated by other spree shootings and not by an ideology . 
  in `` my '' definition lone wolf killers are definitely included , it 's only the motif that matters . 
  the definitions you posted just contain more exceptions i did n't want to get into . 
  most of the recent captures were planning to attack in germany , so that 's not it . 
  no , terrorism is pretty clearly defined . 
  it 's the use of violence to achieve a political or ideological goal . 
  isis kills for their ideology , the guy in the shooting had other motives . 
  the most successful terror attack on german soil in the past year is either a stabbing of a teenager in hamburg ( claimed but not a confirmed terror attack ) or a nail bomb where only the terrorist was killed . 
  the shooting you are talking about was n't even a terror attack . 
  say the partial results . 
  that proposal makes him a bigot . 
  other things he said makes me think he 's racist . 
  retweeting white supremacy sites makes me think he 's racist . 
  the people he surrounds himself with make me think he 's racist . 
  i ca n't see into his mind though , perhaps he 's not a racist . 
  but i do n't know which possibility i find more concerning . 
  well yes , he 's a populist . 
  that also means people ca n't be sure if he really is racist or is just pandering to racists . 
  [ donald j. trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states until our country 's representatives can figure out what is going on . 
  ] ( https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-statement-on-preventing-muslim-immigration ) seems like a sketchy website though . 
  are you talking about the time where every single crime done by migrants anywhere in europe was posted here until mods enforced the `` no local news '' rule ? 
  terribly leftist times that were . 
  4 he said he wanted to ban muslims from entering the united states and later he backpedaled . 
  i put better in quotation marks because it 's not a clear scale , and a very subjective one . 
  i would put things like being a productive member of society and being good to your fellow citizens above things like identity , following traditions and whatever dominance structures are ( sounds pretty negative , actually ) . 
  many muslims here are `` better '' members of society than me . 
  there are many things more important to a person than their name , their country of origin or their parents country of origin , why should i judge people by that alone ? 
  i find it very respectable to not act on the urges of revenge , especially when the attackers are dead and the revenge might be against innocent people instead . 
  of course people are only concerned about bigotry against muslims . 
  everyone knows you can only be concerned about one thing at one time . 
  maybe the day after we can be concerned about terrorism . 
  but we have to fit time to be concerned about climate change somewhere in there . 
  that 's not true for all countries but terrible enough in the countries where it is that way . 
  looks like i did . 
  i would see it as a symbol that muslims are still welcome and we do n't see them all as terrorists . 
  after all many of the victims of these terror attacks were muslims , too . 
  especially when terrorists are trying to drive a rift through our society , i think it 's important to stand together . 
   does this come down to you thinking that the terror attack had nothing to do with islam and me believing otherwise ? 
  the terrorists are definitely islamic and are led to do what they do through their faith . 
  yeah , i know the people who would be outraged would be ignorant about this . 
  and even if it was solely associated with islam there is no need to be outraged . 
  are people offended by this ? 
  edit : since i did n't know the phrase `` inshallah '' i did some research . 
  turns out it is not a phrase specific to islam , christians also use it . 
  so islamophobes should be able to put their pitchforks away . 
  it is arabic though , so racists can probably keep theirs . 
  oh , i did n't know . 
  guilty then . 
  and that 's why i 'm not proposing any laws but just a content policy for a website . 
  something that has always existed in the internet and was always a source for controversy . 
  but forums or websites without it often become shitholes full of people saying things they would n't say anywhere else because they would be punched in the face . 
   the point of platforms like twitter is that anyone can share there thoughts on anything .
