  and by targeting this maybe the same result can be reached with much less innocent people being affected . 
  despite being the child of refugees , the guy would n't have become a terrorist if it were n't for the recent spread of salafism through mosques and the internet funded by saudis . 
  refugees have been here for decades , this one is the new factor . 
  but iranian financed terrorism happens mostly in the middle east and asia . 
  i would n't call them a financier of global terrorism . 
  not like saudi arabia , whose money breeds terrorism around the world . 
  til . 
  i was n't aware hezbollah is active in europe . 
  though it seems to be the only attack by them in this century in europe . 
  were there any terrorist attacks in europe or america by iran funded groups ? 
  so how would you find out who does n't want to be british ? 
  or just ethnic cleansing ? 
  good to know he did n't actually say we had to live with it and it 's just propaganda . 
  are you confusing lone attacker and lone wolf ? 
  because being a lone attacker does n't mean there are no other people involved . 
   the question then is , if not vaccinating your child is similarly endangering it endangers others as well , that should be taken into account . 
   if we can trust governments with complete obligatory medication of the population . 
  it 's not like we 're talking about some experimental medication . 
  the common vaccines have been around for decades and practically eliminated common child diseases . 
  so if a child may die because of a poor diet we should n't take it from their parents before it 's too late ? 
  people already go to jail when their kid dies because of a poor diet and if something happens because of negligence in supervision . 
  which laws do you want to uphold ? 
  because executing terrorists is illegal . 
  why not both ? 
  you 're right of course . 
  and he just misunderstood the title anyways , there was absolutely no need for that argument . 
  it 's part of a european country , eu has nothing to do with it . 
  french guyana is not a nation . 
  it 's part of a nation ( france ) . 
  that would make france a part european part south american nation . 
  ridiculous . 
  do you have a repository of that stuff or do you just connect things you hate on the go ? 
  i 'm talking about the assertion that leftism was invented by christianity , when progressive values stood against the church most of the time in history and today . 
  calling conservativism christianity 's invention would be closer to the truth ( but still not true ) . 
   christianity 's greatest and most damaging invention - leftism you ca n't be serious ... 
  you can always argue about what a dictatorship is , but death penalty is death penalty . 
  better vote for someone promising something they ca n't , than someone telling the truth ? 
   if delusional people did n't believe there was an islamic invasion being directed by merkel , macron , eu - then nazi 's would n't be rising . 
  rephrased to be correct . 
  they have that right , that 's why running someone over with a truck is illegal . 
  could n't people just watch you throw your non-vote in the bin ? 
   https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/860976103908925440 russian metadata in the leak ? 
  false flag is obviously the first thing coming to mind ... 
  there was that fake document about the offshore account . 
  not sure if it 's part of the leak but it could be what they were adressing . 
  ... but also not a big le pen supporter . 
  the reason the death penalty is unconstitutional in germany lies in article 1 of our grundgesetz , `` human dignity is inviolable '' . 
  this is interpreted as including the death penalty . 
  while expressing a preference of death penalty is allowed under freedom of expression ( our free speech equivalent ) , actively taking part in introducing it ( even in another country ) violates article 1 . 
  this is my opinion , maybe the constitutional court would decide differently . 
   germany and the netherlands do have an accepted solution -- disallow multiple citizenship . 
  that 's not a solution in this case , because turkish citizens wo n't be allowed to vote on the death penalty in germany , does n't matter if they have german citizenship or not . 
  where are these people that got replaced even going ? 
  is there a place somewhere with discarded french people ? 
   reddit is left leaning yet favor the rothschild puppet . 
  real leftists would vote for the far right candidate . 
  alternative facts are not feelings , they 're lies . 
  that trump had the biggest inauguration crowd is just wrong regardless of anyone 's feelings . 
   the double-standard is that almost none of the media parade it around as such an abominable sin as they do with ... well , anything remotely right-wing . 
  trump says he `` admire [ s ] '' putin , and people ( overwhelmingly so on this sub ) touted it as grounds for impeachment and some abhorrent , felonious act . 
  obama does it any people behave as though christ has returned to the people . 
  of course people in the media have opinions , but unless you show me articles claiming putin 's endorsement of trump is illegitimately influencing an election there is no double standard . 
  why on earth would obama , a man who holds no political position , suddenly blurt out some scripted endorsement of macron , if not for the simple fact that he 's in a club with an agenda ? 
  is agreeing with political positions the same as being in a club with an agenda ? 
  because i would endorse macron , too , but i have n't gotten an invitation . 
  do you deny that globalism and its forerunners have received an immense backlash in the last decade ? 
  if so , why do you think that is ? 
  if not , what exactly is happening ? 
  what is globalism and who are the globalists ? 
  because i see self-proclaimed anti-globalists proposing tax cuts for the rich , benefit cuts for the poor and deregulation benefitting global corporations . 
  then i ask myself , if these are measures against `` globalism '' , maybe globalism is not so bad . 
  or maybe globalism is just a scapegoat right wing nationalists use . 
  they have always needed an enemy , otherwise their rhetoric would n't work . 
   similarly , people will say `` obama endorsed macron - what does that speak about macron ? '' . 
  sure . 
  so where 's the double standard ? 
  the original comment implied that the criticism of russian election meddling exposed the double standard , but leaks and fake news are obviously not the same as openly and transparently endorsing . 
  ( and you 're opinion on obama , macron and `` globalism '' does n't have anything to do with that , though it does sound a bit delusional ), 
  of course there was backlash . 
  but the backlash was not `` putin should not endorse a candidate because that 's influencing an election '' , the backlash was `` putin endorsed a candidate , what does that say about that candidate '' . 
  people say many things about putin here but `` putin should not openly endorse foreign politicians '' is not one of them . 
  you think it is not important , but when french people think it 's not important it 's because they 're manipulated by globalists ? 
  when has openly endorsing someone ever not been ok ? 
  depends on if it 's the russian government or private citizens . 
   you sound like a nazi sympathizer trying to defend this man . 
  i do n't even want to defend this guy , i just think that all these attacks on him are kind of ridiculous . 
  like the one this thread is about . 
  and like picking one old interview where he did n't show enough remorse for something he was a part in as a 14 year old child . 
  do you actually think he had any part in the decision to do this ? 
  i also wonder why the guy who is often accused of being some kind of `` mastermind globalist '' should be a nazi , are n't this kind of opposite viewpoints ? 
  these evil 14 year old nazis , how dare i defend them . 
  if someone , as a child , had to watch a crime happen , we would tell that person later that they did n't do any wrong and should n't feel guilty about it . 
  you would n't agree with that ? 
   the article makes it quite clear that he meant dropping from one to the other , which is only possible in the efl . 
  i do n't agree , nowhere in the article is that made clear . 
  the football comparison is only made once and not in the way you claim . 
   best competition ? 
  the world cup should take that spot surely . 
  the champions league is the competition with the best teams and the best quality of play in the world . 
  national teams that rarely play together would n't have a chance against the top teams in cl .
