  what i said was a bit simplistic and your are of course right . 
  a dictator could uphold every important right . 
  but i never wanted to argue that a benevolent dictator ca n't exist anyway . 
   not sure where this idea comes form that hitler was something else than a christian . 
  of course he was a christian , basically everyone was at the time . 
  the ideology behind his reign was still a secular one . 
  how secular nazi germany really was can be argued , but i doubt anyone would call hitler a christian dictator . 
  i do n't have anything against atat\u00fcrk . 
  i was just disagreeing with the stance that secular dictators are fine because of that one example . 
  an unelected non-secular government could also uphold everyone 's rights . 
  since turkey is a democracy though , a dictator could n't uphold everyone 's rights anyway because these rights would make it possible to remove him from office . 
  i still would n't call hitler non-secular . 
  but there are plenty of other examples . 
  my point was basically just that secular dictators are n't good . 
  religion is n't the one thing that makes dictators bad . 
  but that 's basically just common sense . 
  would you want role the dice if a secular dictator is more like atat\u00fcrk or more like hitler ? 
  the best thing atat\u00fcrk did was leading turkey into a democracy . 
  the first person to introduce democracy in a country could n't really have been democratically elected before . 
  you make it seem like erdogan 's rise to a dictator is only bad because he is an islamist and it would be fine if he was a secularist . 
   that is very unlikely . 
  china still supported the dprk when obama was in office and it just so happens that they change their opinion a few months after he was elected ? 
  unlikely . 
  i disagree . 
  the change of chinas policy towards north korea was forseeable and it 's unlikely a few month of a new american presidents made a difference . 
   but a failed project does n't make him less trustworthy . 
  i do n't trust him to make a well thought out proposal . 
   how would it affect germans ? 
  it affected dual-citizens of germany and one of the banned countries . 
   do you really think that trump has an evil masterplan to dissolve the eu ? 
  if you like the eu you should worry about other eu nations not the us . 
  i doubt he has a plan . 
  and i do also worry about and mistrust anti-eu governments in europe . 
   the paris agreement was a bunch of promises , nothing more . 
  well , at least i can trust him to not break treaties while damaging the worlds ecosystems . 
   of course he offered something in return , that 's how foreign policy works . 
  still , he did the impossible . 
  what makes you think this is trump 's doing . 
  china has gotten less and less defendant about north korea for years . 
  i am not convinced this would n't have happenend no matter who was us president . 
   you mistake american politics for german politics . 
  in america the representatives and senators are much less dependent on the party than the bundestagsabgeordneten in germany . 
  things like these are very common in america , especially with something as divisive as health care . 
  in germany we have a bunch of parties so they usually all share the same views . 
  this is not the case in america . 
  you 've got libertarian republicans like rand paul , conservative republicans like ted cruz and people like trump , who do not conform to any ideology . 
  i know he 's not emperor , but it 's still a major defeat . 
  i am happy about this defeat but a bad policy proposal does n't make him more trustworthy . 
   well , that 's your opinion . 
  in you opinion a travel ban and a suspension of asylum requests is the same ? 
  still , he made another bad policy that initially would have affected even some german citizens . 
   what about nato ? 
  he realised it 's useful . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with admitting your mistakes . 
  it 's a sign that he does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  it 's good that he 's learning , but his incompetence in many things makes him less trustworthy in my opinion . 
   if the eu dissolves then it 's going to be because other european countries have had enough of germany , not because of america that 's your opinion , trump could certainly much damage if he wanted and i 'm not convinced he and some of his key advisors do n't want that . 
  another big reason i do n't trust him is his stance on climate change . 
  that the president of one of the biggest polluter denies it even exists and is working against environmental protection is a big red flag . 
  this is probably the most important issue regarding future generations and such an anti-science stance will do much damage . 
   so you 're telling me that china still supports north korea ? 
  i 'm saying there is no reason to believe that 's trump 's doing . 
  china does n't change their policy after talking with trump like two times . 
   yes , but it was always clear that he would need parliamentary approval , which is hard to get . 
  and his health care plan was flawed af , so it really does n't surprise me that it did n't work . 
  his own party has the majority . 
  and yes the plan was flawed . 
  when one of the main campaign promises is struck down by his own party because of its flaws you would call his term a success ? 
   `` as a result of the kentucky case , the state department stopped processing iraq refugees for six months in 2011 '' does n't sound like a travel ban to me . 
   he does n't change his opinions often how about nato lately ? 
  or do you give him credit for fixing it ? 
  i would n't be surprised honestly . 
   do you know how irrelevant the eu is to america ? 
  i still have no reason to trust him . 
  that you think we 're irrelevant enough that he might not care doing something hurting us is not really helping . 
  oh my , you seem to have a bit of a pro-trump bias . 
   i have no idea how he did that because he did n't `` do '' that . 
   the health care reform was never really his business . 
  he campaigned with that , very prominently . 
   the travel ban was vetoed by a crazy judge who was politically motivated . 
  the travel ban is in no way unconstitutional , actually obama did the same . 
  obama did n't do the same , and the current judicial position is that it is unconstitutional . 
  that may change when it goes before the supreme court but currently it 's unconstitutional . 
   he does n't care about the eu , he would personally support its dissolution , but it 's not part of his agenda . 
  in other words he 'd be happy if it happens but wo n't take care of it himself so he hates the eu but probably wo n't act on it . 
  so i should trust him ? 
  when he changes his opinions regularly ? 
  when he does things he said he wo n't do , and does n't do things he said he would ? 
  if i still trusted the usa it would be despite trump . 
  it would be in a belief that the other parts of the us government would n't let him do catastophic things . 
  but there is no chance in hell i would trust trump himself . 
  what , how has he been very succesful so far ? 
  many of the big things he tried to do failed , like the imigration ban and a healthcare reform . 
  not that i would trust him more if he was succesful in these cases . 
  he made it pretty clear he does n't like the eu . 
  a success for him in that regard would be disastrous for germany . 
  trust in my opinion means being optimistic that this country will not do anything to hurt us . 
  past actions certainly play a role in that . 
  but trump is not like past us presidents and therefore past actions have less weight . 
  that does n't mean i do n't want them as an ally .
