i am not here to discuss these things , i was just pointing out why obama is still kind of popular here . 
  although i 'm totally anti-gun and very happy about the state in europe today , and also think of the us military budget as much too high . 
  i do n't really care how they approach the healthcare situation , but one where families are n't being put in huge debt because of bad luck would be preferable . 
  i 'm not really talking about my own opinion , but the gops politics are so far off the ones in germany , we do n't even get how they can think of it . 
  things like opposing public healthcare and lax gun ownership rights , lowering taxes for the rich and the huge military budget . 
  the democrats are still the same , but way closer to our way of thinking . 
  because we do n't know much about daily us politics , and still remember his speeches from 2008 . 
  also , because it is a two party system and the only alternative is even worse . 
  seems about right . 
  bavaria checking in and i 've never heard anyone calling it apfelsine here , as a child i did n't even know it was supposed to be an orange . 
  or that it worked , because a few years ago more than half of the countries had ie as most popular browser . 
  soon ( please ! ), 
  scientology is n't banned , just not recognized as a religion . 
  i 'm pretty upset so sorry if i sound simplistic . 
  it just fits right into the story of caving in to erdogan . 
  there just ca n't be any doubt about freedom of satire and freedom of speech . 
  it was their decision , by that law . 
  not allowing prosecution would have been absolutely fine . 
  allowing the prosecution while agreeing the law is dumb is exactly the half-assed solution you would expect wenn all the parties could n't agree . 
  not allowing prosecution would have followed the law just as much . 
  but if you want it removed anyways , why not use the option of not allowing the trial ? 
  it 's not like they have to . 
  stupid . 
  i agree mostly . 
  people without a valid reason to seek refuge should be sent back if in any way possible . 
  but since we do n't know when the real refugees can go back , it does n't hurt to integrate them . 
  might get some fully functional members of society out of it . 
  and anyways , any activity or purpose , be it language courses or something else , helps people who do n't have much else to do for a few years . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  `` you know this horrible things these people made you do , kid ? 
  you deserve to die for that . '', 
  in my opinion it 's very clearly satire and if he gets sentenced i am losing a bit of faith in our country . 
  `` satire darf alles '', 
  i 'm pretty sure the satire would n't have worked if the poem was n't offensive . 
  we definitely have to get rid of the law to protect leaders of states . 
  it 's ridiculous that specific public figures have special rights . 
  the presentation was definitely aimed at spurring a debate . 
  and more than a week later we are still debating . 
  after everything b\u00f6hmermann has done the past years i do n't believe this is an accident . 
  there are packed bars every weekend all over europe , the only real difference would be symbolic . 
  i think the organized part was the stealing , with sexual assault as a byproduct . 
  does n't change anything for the victims , though . 
  there were actually some articles the day after , but the police reported very late and poorly . 
  when the story went big a few days later it was already outrage about the incident mixed with outrage about the reporting . 
  so with native arabic speakers at 2 % , finnish at 2 % and propably a few others , swedish could be below 95 % . 
  sweden is basically dead now . 
  same in english : [ panama papers ] ( http://panamapapers.sueddeutsche.de/articles/56febff0a1bb8d3c3495adf4/ ), 
  first time applicants q4 : 426 025 all applicants q4 : 439 090 not that big a difference . 
  rate of recognition in first instance decision q4 : 59 % there are obviously no numbers on how many people were n't registered . 
  the 100k + people germany lost track of did n't all go underground though , most went to other countries or cities or even home . 
   the reason why i put refugees in quotation marks is that true refugees have always been the minority - at best 50 % of the arrivals . 
  ( see quarterly report ) where did you read that ? 
  the only stat i could find on it is this :  198 600 first instance decisions [ 3 ] ) were made by the national authorities of eu member states during the fourth quarter of 2015 . 
  among them , nearly 60 % were positive ( i.e. 
  granting a type of protection status ) ( table 6 ) . 
  moderate satire would be pretty boring and not very humorous . 
  most germans are still pro-american , the ones who support putin are mostly just the far right . 
  i 'd rather have someone go to prison for inciting violence than for being named jamal or ahmed . 
  did anyone say there were no economic migrants among the refugees ? 
  good on them for going home voluntarily , but many others do n't have that choice . 
  that 's a problem with first past the post voting . 
  but ` tyranny of the majority ' is still better than ` tyranny of the far right minority ' . 
  i think one of the band members told the media he thinks that some off the bataclan staff was complicit in the attack . 
  i did n't know you could just vote to end a non-democracy . 
  is it that easy ? 
  the housing is far enough away and the trees in front and in the gardens are pretty dense , this is n't really a problem . 
  also the people living there are n't even strictly against the housing being so close , they are really just afraid it 's going to be loud . 
  source : i know the place . 
  if the spectrum goes from death threats to death threats both ends of the spectrum should n't be allowed . 
  though neo-nazis are more like a different flavor of the same thing than the opposite of islamists . 
  is n't that basically what i said ( about your point ) ? 
   you are talking about supporting or acknowladging the fact that the people decided and acting accordingly . 
  meaning that no one should have to like brexit , but they should accept ( and further support ) the decision . 
  i think this discussion is based on a misunderstanding . 
  you are talking about supporting or acknowladging the fact that the people decided and acting accordingly . 
  the others are talking about supporting what the people decided for , which of course is different because everyone is allowed to have their own oppinion . 
  the eu court would n't interfere . 
  the u.k. government would ask the eu court to challenge their own court in the decision . 
  the eu would n't rule on article 50 but on the u.k. courts decision on the parliament 's sovereignty . 
  well , they claimed responsibility for two murders here when there was only one . 
  so that is one at least . 
  slightly misleading title . 
  `` 65 per cent of the child refugees who had their age disputed were found to be over 18 . '', 
  so it 's not 65 % of all child refugees . 
  i skimmed through a bit of that and did n't find anything worth noting . 
  if you post every 5 minutes in a medium were every post is equal it is hard finding the stuff that matters . 
  are you kidding me , i criticise the use of youtube videos instead of primary sources to support ones claims and you show me even more youtube videos ? 
  i 'd rather read the damning e-mails myself than hearing someone talk to about it for half an hour . 
  why not link to the e-mails proving it instead of a shady youtube video ? 
   your state of awareness about the events discussed in this thread ( or any other for that matter ) are of no concern of anyone aside of yourself . 
  you 're expected to know what it 's about if you decide to join and participate . 
  i am mostly aware of the discussion in germany , where this phrase is n't use that way . 
  if people use a german word for that in other countries i was n't aware of that . 
   the plan was to open the borders , scream `` refugees welcome '' , and simply let them in without any control , without asking anyone else . 
  there were n't any borders to open , and not controlling the people failed in every country , mostly because of the numbers . 
  now the number of arrivals is quite low again , asylum seekers have been checked retrospectively and we are starting the deportation of denied asylum claims . 
  so it might have backfired ( we do n't know what results a different decision would have had ) , but we 're still on track to `` do it '' . 
   and thanks to that , nationalists and worse gain more and more strength and influence across whole europe . 
  i 'd rather not do what nationalists want only to appease them . 
   i recall similar slanders back in late '15 when people said that die flut is a mistake and prophesied boatloads of problems as the result .
