  there always was and still is far right extremist crime . 
  they captured an armed group fairly recently . 
  of course the number of `` nazis '' is lower than directly after the war , but there will always be a small percentage of extremist . 
  and i believe there will always be a small percentage of islamic extremists as well . 
  ( and just to be clear , islamic extremists are certainly the most dangerous ones currently . 
  this is not an attempt at whataboutism . ), 
  there are still nazis in germany , it 's really not that easy to stop an ideology . 
  depending on the news organisation that might be deliberate . 
  trump probably got it from fox news . 
  you said a joke went over my head . 
  did you think that i thought you were serious ? 
  i just added a funny fact . 
   also even if i felt like participating in humor today i ca n't do it with you because i see your flag and i 've been brought up in a culture that does n't have the slightest respect for you as people because even though we do n't have the slightest idea what or even where you are we secretly deep down inside really abhor people like you because we are extremely insecure about our own identity in this post wwii world and you seem like a really easy target . 
  what the fuck ? 
  did you just go mad while writing that comment ? 
  i ca n't even tell if you are accusing me of trolling , racism , not having humour or if you have something against germans in general . 
  in both cases the people with the `` keep calm and carry on '' spirit are not the one fighting the fight . 
  the government is responsible for the fight . 
  only this time there are no obvious fronts the government can send soldiers to . 
  islam is the single thing connecting all muslims . 
  can you explain what you mean ? 
  so when there is a total war people keeping calm and carrying on is fine , but not in case of terror attacks . 
  would n't it be the other way round logically ? 
   who spoke of all muslims ? 
  you . 
   defend the country from an invasion . 
  only this time the fascism is called islam . 
  in reality `` jafar '' is dead and this guy had his beer , so i guess he wins . 
  i 'm german , so i obviously do n't understand humour . 
  i thought you made a joke about the existence of a `` ministry of language hygiene '' and i wanted to point out that something like this actually exists , regardless of how stupid it sounds . 
  i still do n't get what joke i missed so please explain . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gesellschaft_f%c3%bcr_deutsche_sprache ) exists . 
  two mayors did and courts struck it down , making it absolutely not state policy . 
  what if the turnout were so low , no party reached 12,5 % of voters ? 
  `` if you are a patriot they just let you do it . '', 
   however , locking a person away for posting a video extolling the virtues of nazism ( as abhorrent as it may be ) is equally restrictive , yet it 's commonly accepted as the correct thing to do . 
  this is something that happens extremely rarely in my country . 
  i am only aware of a few cases of repeated offenders that were actually locked away . 
  but someone calling for the death of homosexuals or similar abhorrent things can be punished by the same law ( in germany at least ) . 
  what we do n't do though is asking the people questions to find out how well they align with the nazis and punish them for that . 
   i understand i 'm basically calling for an inquisition , it 's not ideal , it would tarnish our society , but it 's preferable to the current attitude of combating an extremely violent and incorrigible ideology with candles , songs , and empty gestures of solidarity . 
  i 'd rather lose the sails of the ship than steer it into rocks . 
  well , there seems to be the big difference . 
  i would see it as sailing through difficult waters as opposed to giving up and sinking the ship yourself . 
  i can count myself lucky though , because the constitution of my country and my opinion allign pretty well in this regard . 
  what you are saying is absolutely impossible to introduce . 
   should muslims born/living in europe be subject to this ? 
  yes . 
  it is n't a nice idea , it will offend some people 's feelings , but it is absolutely necessary for the safety and harmony of all involved . 
  if muslims have to be subject to this , anybody has to . 
  the state can not single out people because of their religion . 
   to further the example re attitudes to homosexuality , it is perfectly fine for somebody to express their disapproval of being gay ; it is absolutely unacceptable , however , if said individual would seek to make legislation outlawing or punishing homosexuals . 
  anybody who expresses the desire to do so is incompatible with the society and its people , ergo they are corrosive to the fabric of the society . 
  homosexuality has been illegal in many countries since a few decades ago . 
  many countries still do n't have gay marriage . 
  many people consider it absolutely wrong . 
  so who would decide where the acceptable opinion ends and the unacceptable opinion starts ? 
  there is n't a consensus . 
  and then again , you would have to treat non-muslims the same as muslims if they held the same opinion . 
   get these people to express their beliefs as clearly and extensively as possible , and then we can decide what to do with them ( personally , i 'd deport them . 
  incarcerating them exacerbates the problem and costs taxpayers ) . 
  deporting you 're own citizens for an opinion is practically impossible an also the end of being a liberal country . 
  nothing a terrorist can ever do would damage a liberal country more than that . 
   the truth is that we can only be liberal so long as that liberalism is entrenched and protected at all costs - if we have to outlaw islam and have a ` constitutional crisis ' over it , then so be it . 
  so outlawing a whole religion . 
  would that mean incarcerating or deporting everyone practising ? 
  and calling yourself liberal country ? 
  because the only countries that did similar things i would not call liberal . 
  what about the non-muslims that are not 95 % compatible ? 
  there would be quite a lot of them . 
  then there is the problem that we do n't have set principles and customs , for example homosexuality is still a controversial subject for too many people . 
  how would a test like this , having repercussions , be compatible with freedom of speech ? 
  states do n't have a right to punish their citizens for an opinion . 
  or are you talking about an immigration test only ? 
  in that case it might be possible . 
  also people could lie if their livelihood depended on it . 
  so do n't listen to muslims speaking out against terrorism but consider them enemies ? 
  or what would you propose ? 
  he went there three weeks before the attack . 
  he was n't radicalized in three weeks . 
  neither were others . 
  it would be nice if attacks were so rare that all survivors of the last one are dead by the time of the next one , but that probably never happened in history . 
  does n't matter , because these terrorist do n't get radicalized by their parents but by wahabists in mosques and the internet . 
  that 's a pretty new phenomenon and did n't exist at the time the parents left their home country . 
  everyone with a knife is a terrorist ? 
  no , the articles i saw called him a lone attacker or lone bomber . 
  no one can say if a terrorist is a lone wolf hours after an attack . 
  it does n't actually matter how high the `` risk factor for terrorism '' in the country of origin is because the terrorists get radicalized in europe . 
  so i think a total shutdown of immigration/asylum does n't seem proportionate and you talk like i want absolutely no rules or limits ? 
  i was kinda just saying the limit should n't be zero . 
   in germany alone refugee committed crime has risen over 50 % . 
  that number alone does n't say anything . 
  how much has the refugee population risen ? 
  how high was the number of crimes before ? 
  were refugees more or less likely to commit a crime than before ? 
  total surveillance is also called prevention . 
  does n't mean it 's proportionate . 
  and not letting in refugees because their child may in 20 years be influenced by foreign powers to commit a terror attack does n't seem proportionate . 
  making sure that no ones child will in the future be influenced to be a terrorist seems like a more proportionate prevention method . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that it is n't the `` being a migrant or a child of migrants '' that makes people terrorists , it 's the `` being affiliated with salafist extremists '' part .
