  problems that should have been avoided by not ignoring the situation for years leading up to this . 
  also i have never heard `` die flut '' before , did you think of that ? 
   discuss about sending `` illegal migrants '' back that was always the plan . 
   turns out it was we , simple folk , who had right in the first place . 
  you know why merkel said `` wir schaffen das '' ? 
  because it was obvious it would n't be easy and without problems . 
  so i would say most people were right , just with different conclusions . 
  potentially saving many citizens lives is one of the best criteria i can think of . 
  since when does permitted mean you have to do something ? 
  yes , i 'm still not sure what this has to do with my original comment . 
  `` in case this accessory has a priori knowledge of the criminal act , but refuses to counteract as he permits the deed . '', 
  that just does n't fit . 
  well , it would if you want to prosecute `` islam '' ( or rather `` 8 % of islam '' ) for permitting terrorist acts and not stopping them despite prior knowledge . 
  but it 's not easy throwing ideas into jail . 
  terrorists do n't even follow sharia law fully . 
  it 's not their goal , it 's a way to keep people in line . 
  the goal of terrorism is to fight some holy war . 
  terrorists also attack countries with sharia law . 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment . 
  i know , generalizing is stupid . 
  you 're into generalizing ? 
  i can do that , too : no they would n't , they respect the laws of the country . 
  to be fair , believing islam permits it does n't mean they would use violence against unbelievers . 
  they kinda do . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.lvz.de/leipzig/polizeiticker/polizeiticker-leipzig/polizei-findet-nach-verfolgungsjagd-in-leipzig-sprengstoff-im-auto ) was only local news . 
  after a car chase they found weapons and explosives in this guys car , then more explosives in his home . 
  he was quetioned by the police but was n't kept in detention . 
  if this was a foreigner , it certainly would have made national news . 
  giving recommendations is now `` literally directing the media '' ? 
  i do n't think they should even do that , but that 's not really an example for how the media reports badly . 
  i have n't noticed a change in reporting about crimes , at least in traditional news sources . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  three people have been arrested now , who presumedly had contact with the suspect . 
  we hear way more about crimes now than in the past . 
  20 years ago people got their news from the local newspaper that reported on local crimes and major national crimes . 
  now news about local crimes from other parts of the country are just a click away . 
  that 's why many people think crime has gone up in recent years when it actually has n't . 
  it 's easy , we just force the terrorists to register their current adresses with the authorities and they will be equally easy to find . 
   how many germans have to die before they accept they have a problem . 
  perhaps 1 ? 
  it obviously is a problem but the police have done a good job this far . 
  we know we have had islamist terrorists in the country since at least 2001 , but there was only one attack that resulted in deaths ( in 2011 ) . 
  because you want your blasphemy laws not overturned ? 
  so no party is pushing for it ? 
  what are people protesting then when their rights are n't in danger ? 
  and pis is just neutralizing the constitutional court , which is kind of much more dangerous for people 's rights . 
  i do n't think stability is an option when your current government is dismantling rights . 
  i understand the public acceptance could be a problem , but relocation of refugees can be done completely separate from finding a solution for economic migrants . 
  why not both , send back the rejected asylum seekers and distribute the ones who get asylum . 
  i do n't see why one would rule out the other . 
  if there was never a disunity in poland women would n't even be allowed to vote . 
  disunity is needed for progress , or would you still like to live in a medieval society today ? 
  i saw a poll yesterday that said under 20 % of the people were for stronger abortion laws . 
  so this law would n't pass in the population . 
  it can ( only ) pass when pis votes for it . 
  therefore pis are the ones pushing it or it would be dead already . 
  they should n't be officially for it if they are against it , or you might end up with a law that almost everyone is against . 
  they are either against this law or for it . 
  you make it sound like they 're victims here , even though they clearly want it . 
  if only they had the power to stop it . 
  yes , and that 's a very sad . 
  and when it 's also leading to more violence , that makes it even sadder . 
   they show no respect for our cultures or our people . 
  the majority does , it 's just that the bad apples get all the attention . 
   we paid them the respect when they came a majority did , but there were bad apples , too . 
  this is starting to sound a bit racist . 
  we learned the `` true nature '' of the refugees ? 
  what is that ? 
  and from that point on it was n't just violence against foreigners but pushing back ? 
  sounds like people just suddenly found an excuse . 
  munich was n't terrorism , it was n't really politically motivated but motivated by similar shootings . 
  the thing you call `` pushing back '' did n't start after the thing you call `` pushing '' , so it 's not really a neutral statement . 
  it 's implying there was n't violence against foreigners before there was `` a lot of pushing '' by foreigners . 
   what i 'm saying is how when a refugee attacks a german , it 's an isolated case but when a german attacks a refugee , it 's racially motivated and needs to stop immediately . 
  there 's nothing about this being racially motivated in the article . 
  but i would agree it has to stop immediately . 
   attacking a group because they attacked you first does n't solve anything because it just leads to an endless cicle of violence i agree , that 's why  well when they push , we push back is a bad thing . 
  wait , attacks on germans by foreigners are now an excuse to attack random foreigners ? 
  does that mean some foreigners are now allowed to attack germans again or is it somehow even now ? 
  in germany it was done a month a year , so it takes longer to raise it 2 years than raising it 7 years . 
  should have shot majo instead . 
  does n't anyone think of the memes ? 
  yeah , i probably should have used xenophobia . 
  does n't make much of a difference in my perception . 
  so when you said a fourth of the people in greece would n't stand out of a crowd in iraq/iran/syria , you were of course referring to their background , not their race . 
  ethnicity is just pc for race . 
  not wanting people of a different ethnicity in your country is very much racism . 
  would n't they be in the same situation as these children then ? 
  the ones they are protesting against . 
  yes , racism is totally fine . 
  not as good = / = not good, 
  it 's really hard to live with nazis next door , seeing how they hate our culture and do n't want to live side by side in peace and harmony , but i do n't see how that 's merkel 's fault . 
  ca n't be . 
  `` his '' people are clearly shouting `` wir sind das volk '' regularly , everyone disagreeing is not part of the german people . 
  one 's our kaiser and one 's our god already . 
  only if we reinstate the kingdom of course . 
  we 're making a new union , with blackjack and hookers . 
   building things like a military hq and barracks seems pretty expensive . 
  would n't even be close to being built in 2,5 years . 
  even if the eu countries unanimously agreed today to have an eu army .
