  what did you expect then ? 
  and who was n't honest with you ? 
  i never read this stuff but this it not something i would n't expect there , a prophet in a war willing to fight and die for his god . 
  but i have no idea what you are trying to tell me here and why you are telling it . 
   how much french territory has been lost already if you define that lost territory as no-go areas for law enforcement and non-muslims ? 
  i do n't know if areas like this exist and how big they are , but law enforcement could easily `` take them back '' . 
  why they do n't , i have no idea ( if it really exists and is not exaggerated )  what if the source of radicalisation is simply reading islamic scripture alone ( without any commentary or guidance ) ? 
  could that happen ? 
  perhaps . 
  but as far as i know all terrorists have been radicalized in person or via internet . 
  the terrorists were all recently radicalised , striking down on the source of this radicalization should go a long way . 
  and if you want people to take this more seriously , this civil war hyperbole is n't helping . 
  civil war is ridiculous . 
  how many terrorist symphathisers are there , a few hundred ? 
  they can do nothing else but cowardist attacks on defenseless people . 
   around three quarters of british adults ( 72 % ) say they do not trust leading politicians to do a good job of carrying out the will of the british people during the process of the uk 's withdrawal from the eu seems a bit risky then . 
  would n't potential terrorist just use other places if they know there is one mosque and it 's under surveillance ? 
  not really sure what limiting the number of mosques would help , outlawing praying and wearing what you want are certainly big infringements of liberty . 
  i do not support arms sale in unstable reasons exactly because they can end up anywhere , that does n't mean it was done on purpose . 
  also al-qaeda/al-nusra is opposed to isis as far as i am aware ( does n't mean they should get weapons . ), 
  some interesting articles about the us strategy against isis , but nothing about funneling arms or supporting isis . 
  i really do n't want to spend more time searching for something i very much doubt to exist . 
  i am pretty sure i would n't find anything on respected sites . 
  there are enough people who want exactly that . 
   if isis attacked united states like the shooting in orlando ? 
  and supporting isis ? 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  it has n't released updates , yet . 
  and when it finally releases in europe you can delete it and load it from your store . 
  worth it in my opinion . 
  if you add those that are ok and indifferent with it ( although i do n't have numbers on that ) that sounds even better than i thought it would . 
  you 're delusional if you think the people that know muslims are blinded by propaganda and the ones that do n't know any see the truth . 
   the problem in germany is so serious that , you got law against criticizing islam . 
  nope . 
   the problem is so serious that you made rooms only for women in underground metro . 
  nope . 
   and media did n't want to report that in fear of being called racist . 
  i first read about it the same day . 
  you seem to be an expert on fearmongering . 
  the situation in germany could have been easily used by communists or any other ideology . 
  why we ban ( parts of ) nazism ? 
  because the only reason people use the symbols today are glorifiying the worst thing in german history and that is a bad thing . 
  it is still killing as part of competition for ressources . 
  isis has political goals and use religion as a recruiting tool . 
   polytheistic religions mostly coexisted relatively peacefully with each others , sometimes even loaning some deities between from one to another pantheon . 
  i ca n't recall any pagans in history which were trying to forcefully convince other pagans to their beliefs . 
  but people of polytheistic religions and pagans still killed others and commited crimes . 
  just because they did n't use some religion as an excuse does n't make it better ( or even different ) . 
  you do n't have to hate anyone . 
  i do n't hate anyone based on something another one in their `` group '' does , as long as he does n't support the action . 
  and ethnic cleansing , genocides and everything would still happen even without religion . 
  people would just use other things to differentiate them from each other . 
  and i would n't want to defend anyone with backwards views on women , homosexuals or similar . 
  but the vast majority of muslims here do n't have any worse views than devout catholics . 
   a reasonable stance . 
  it 's an understandable stance based on all the fearmongering . 
  but i trust that people who know what it 's like to have muslims around to have a more reasonable stance . 
  you can also oppose islam without having unfavorable views of muslims in general . 
  i would expect someone who does their research to know the difference . 
  by that definition christians are worse than nazis , too . 
  propably even americans or brits . 
  are there even people left that you do n't have to hate ? 
  thousands of boats arriving and ruining tourism ? 
  the problems with turkey ? 
  seems like they are in a special situation . 
  the difference is that the husband is one person , muslims are not . 
  if one is an asshole but i know ten that are not , i do n't have a negative view of all of them because of the one . 
  first offense under juvenile law probably similar , if it is n't rape at least . 
  do n't know what his offense was . 
  from 18 to 20 the judge can decide which law applies , based on the maturity of the offender . 
  [ next tournament . 
  ] ( http://www.derwesten.de/img/incoming/origs19188/7773734032-w552-h2700-/0025692696-0055093884.jpg ), 
  this will soon be the tallest building in the eu again . 
  is the plan from their platform for the last election not valid anymore , or was a brexit not part of their platform ? 
  maybe they are eu patriots , ca n't really make the eu great from the outside . 
  it feels like the people in the uk voted to get power back from the eu to their own government , without realising their own government sucks much more . 
  i thought we were already declining from our peak of 82m . 
  edit : seems like it 's up in recent years mostly due to refugees . 
  we 'll see if that 's permanent . 
  they could have at least written `` a third of voter do n't think brexit will happen '' . 
  that 's also not really true , but at least not a lie . 
   what 's happening in the us with the elections is a threat of what could happen . . ( ... ) now come this time next year , things could be different . . but it 'd be very difficult for any western country to screw up this bad . 
  that 's what everyone thought before the referendum . 
  good luck with your world war . 
  well , he talked about the four freedoms , and after that said `` everything is on the table '' . 
  that can be understood in any way . 
  true , but they could just stay in the single market . 
  the referendum would still be followed , be it against the will of the people or not . 
  it was really stupid to base such a big decision on a simple yes/no question . 
  yes , but it seems like the majority of your politicians do n't want that . 
  no , you are raised xenophobic . 
  it 's not a genetic trait . 
  if your parents talk badly about immigrants , you will likely become xenophobic , too . 
  if your parents tell you to not judge people by how they look like and where they came from , you most likely wo n't be xenophobic . 
  just look how much less anti-semitism there is now compared to a hundred years ago . 
  `` the jews '' did n't change , we changed . 
  that is such a cheap excuse , even british people could afford it still . 
  since xenophopia occurs pretty much everywhere in the world i do n't see a connection to the number of immigrants . 
  it 's more likely dependent on how people were raised and educated . 
  japan has way less immigration than the uk but is more xenophobic .
