  is it ? 
  i would n't find it any less of value if people would n't call for jews to be gassed there . 
   if they are non controversial or fall inline with the majority opinion . 
  controversial thoughts are fine , but i 'd say they should stop once they go against our fellow humans dignity . 
  you should n't necessarily go to jail for that but you also should n't be on twitter . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  because of that , i think reacting to reports would be enough . 
  does n't speak for a good customer service if you tell them somebody on their website wants to kill you and nothing happens . 
  the internet is n't a monolithic entity and companies are n't forced to provide a plattform for hate . 
   if you 're so butthurt , report and if it breaks that site 's tos then it will be removed , if it does n't break that site 's tos you stop using that site or do n't , your call . 
  there 's also the third option of trying to get a company to adopt a different approach . 
  i do n't see why people should n't be allowed to do this . 
   why is n't he being censored ? 
  because hate speech and racist tweets are n't being censored ? 
  that 's kind of the reason of this protest . 
  this is whataboutism because everyone is talking about how targeting hate speech should n't only be in one direction . 
  yet no one demanded that it should . 
  so whoever brought that up tried to derail the argument . 
  of course all racism is bad , but the guy painting the tweets did n't say to leave the islamist tweets be . 
   gender is not that important for an average voter , their immigration policy is much too open to resonate with the german public at large they only have 8 % . 
  so less than every tenth voter is enough , not the average voter or the public at large . 
  the original comment was already whataboutism . 
  i misread that , sorry . 
  you missed my point here . 
  the point i was making is that they were n't `` shipped in '' . 
  except of a few trains from hungary , but they were n't imported to hungary . 
  that was more of a redistribution . 
  and yes , while a majority was from iraq and syria , a large number was from other places , too . 
  these ones are not the refugees germany spends billions on . 
  they were mostly the syrians and iraqis that arrived at the end of 2015 through the balkan route . 
  and seriously , life in prison should be for people who are deemed to be too dangerous to ever run free again . 
  not for someone negligently handling data , something they will never be able to repeat anyways . 
  you should n't take these things literal . 
  it 's meant to represent the political figure not the human being , and i would expect politicians to be smart enough to know that . 
  maybe the victims said so ? 
  so 90 % of economic growth will be generated where 90 % of the people live ? 
  if people do n't like a stereotype it must mean the stereotype is accurate ? 
  in turkey , yes . 
  it was a reaction to erdogans actions , a confirmation that even when erdogan tries his best to alienate germany we stand by all the people living here . 
  but you are just wrong with your generalisation . 
  plenty of immigrants from turkey are well integrated . 
  you just do n't hear about them because why would you ? 
  do you think there should be a will to strap citizens of their citizenship for their opinions ? 
   they already are/were someone else 's problem . 
  no they are n't , it is n't recognized as a problem where they come from . 
   they do n't become your problem unless you take them on . 
  seems self-evident to me . 
  and some problems are worth taking on if no one else will . 
  mutilation of girls seems like a such a problem . 
   ' t likely be helped even if there is a law prohibiting it . 
  it will be like under age marriages , forced scarf , polygamy and other misogynistic norms that originate from another culture and religion : it is often allowed in practice and justified with noble assertions of tolerance or freedom , depending on your political affiliation . 
  not true at all , something is already being done about under age marriages . 
  only marriages of two people are accepted by the state anyways . 
  and i do n't know how you get the idea that being forced to wear a headscarf is accepted , the problem is that it 's almost impossible to know if that 's the case . 
  i really ca n't emphasize with people who read about mutilated girls and only think `` i hope they go away and become someone else 's problem . '', 
  with the only `` someone else '' being themselves . 
  if you let people into the country that have had their genitals mutilated you 're gon na have people in the country that have had their genitals mutilated . 
  the obvious solution is to not let these people in the country , because that means better statistics for you country . 
  probably girls from countries where mutilation is a common practise . 
  better keep them out of our country , then we do n't have to think about that . 
   lol but they are still living in a place where genitals get mutilated . 
  you say that , but is it true ? 
  fgm happens mostly when they visit back home . 
  there are possibilities for the state to stop that , that 's why i hope the efforts to put a spotlight on the issue are successful . 
   but they do get mutilated , in germany . 
  generally not , no . 
  there is the problem that the girls are flown home to get it done there , but it does n't happen in germany on a large scale ( according to most reports on that issue ) . 
  at least there is the possibility that it is stopped when they come here , the possibility did n't exist before . 
  these comments here are terrible . 
  is n't it kind of good that these girls do n't live in places where genitals get mutilated anymore ? 
  and how many girls escaped that tragedy by coming here ? 
  edit : it 's such a terrible thing to happen to girls but most commenters just want to keep them out of europe . 
  you know how that helps these girls ? 
  not a bit . 
  shows how people care more about their agenda than people . 
  the law is already written and has just been blocked many times . 
  there is basically no effort needed to get this done . 
  and after it 's done we can focus on your important things instead of making it the main topic for the upcoming election . 
  it has been the majority opinion in both the bundestag and the public for years . 
  the mandate is clearly there and we should n't have to wait any longer . 
   full-time apprenticeships and internships usually pay far less . 
  most people ca n't live on those either . 
  this is not a good reason to do nothing about it . 
  think about it this way . 
  if you were murdered you would just be dead and barely have time to think about it . 
  but if you become old and live in poverty you would have to worry every day . 
  also the second one is a hundred times more likely if nothing gets done . 
  i think there is n't enough information in the article . 
  i 'd rather have more information than letting my biases decide . 
  would n't i be gullible if i just assumed one thing that was told to me without knowing ? 
   yeah.i tried to explain it i hope i was good enough . 
  much appreciated , thanks . 
  `` they '' is erdogan , a quasi-dictator silencing the opposition and controlling the media to keep his power . 
  and before all that happened he was n't openly islamist . 
  seriously , why do you hate turkish people so much that you want to paint them all with the same brush . 
  with the brush being a dictator ? 
   why are you defending this nation of islamists ? 
  turkey is not a nation of islamists . 
  at least two thirds of people want jurisdiction and the state to be secular . 
  less than 20 percent want religious law to take over .
