   dude , do you suffer from lack of comprehension ? 
  second time you ca n't figure out the obvious ; maybe , because i ca n't really find all the information i need . 
   students have to take islamic lessons rather than normal highschool lessons ( biology , math etc. ), 
  is this only in imam schools ? 
  or are all schools imam schools now ? 
  did religion classes not exist before ? 
   besides , the students graduating from these imam schools are given priority when they are admitted to army or police schools . 
  okay , it seems not all schools are imam schools . 
  so some schools get converted to imam schools . 
  the curriculum swaps other classes for islamic lessons ( or is there only islamic lessons ? ) . 
  and the governement encourages visiting these schools . 
  are they being teached by imams or why the name ? 
  is this sharia law thing only for these imam schools ? 
  and then i still do n't know if these schools are like christian schools in my country and if the religion classes are like the ones i attended . 
   they voted him in and supported him again and again . 
  barely half of the people vote for him despite all the efforts to silence the opposition . 
   the people who did n't support him are mostly people which have even more fringe views than him . 
  now that 's just a lie . 
   they were just masking how they actually felt . 
  they always wanted a shariah state and now that they are finally free to pursue it do everything they can to make it happen . 
  the government did that , not the people . 
  a vast majority of turkish people is against sharia law . 
   he has won almost every election for the last few years and at least always became the biggest party . 
  the last presidential elections , he won by a huge margin against other candidates . 
  and it 's still only max . 
  half of the people who vote for him or his party . 
  there still are a lot of anti-erdogan people in turkey . 
  many of them get silenced or thrown into jail . 
  it 's very unfair to associate the whole of the turkish society with erdogan . 
   talking about the whole turkish society . 
   i would n't call any society as a whole progressive . 
  but erdogan barely won the recent referendum , despite silencing his opposition . 
  so you should n't associate the whole turkish society with his actions . 
   but not long ago people all around europe would call the turkish government progressive and wanted them to join the eu . 
  some time ago turkey did make progress and was on a track towards the eu . 
  but that changed obviously . 
   `` yeah putin might be bad , but it 's the best there is at the moment for the people '' i think it 's more that if it were n't for putin as a person , someone else with a comparable background and viewpoint would be in his position . 
  and i do think the majority of the russian population stands behind putin , so it 's not that far-reaching . 
   why do you think erdogan convert all the school into imam schools what does that mean ? 
  all teachers are imams ? 
  or children get educated to be imams in school ? 
  mandatory religious classes are bad anyway , but i guess i would have to know more about how stuff is tought there . 
  at the risk of sounding like an apologist : covering something in school does n't automatically mean advocating for it . 
  we were covering what the nazis believed in school . 
  and the religion classes i had in school were more about religion than pushing religion on me . 
  i know the turkish government probably ca n't be trusted but nothing i read here explains if it 's covered like something that exists in writing ( and other countries ) or covered like something you should abide to . 
  who is calling the turkish government progressive ? 
   economic liberalism always meant cutting takes and cutting spending . 
  if a political party talks about being fiscally liberal then that 's precisely what comes to mind . 
  i think parties would talk about being [ fiscally conservative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiscal_conservatism ) not fiscally liberal . 
   more specifically , you 're confusing the noun which refers to an economic system with an adjective which provides a description of the actions someone is proposing . 
  there are still better terms that can be used , like the above mentioned fiscally conservative or economically liberal . 
  the reason i think fiscally liberal sounds misleading is one of the definition of the word liberal : [ generous ; willing to give unsparingly . 
  he was liberal with his compliments . 
  i am aware this is what it 's supposed to mean . 
  but when i say i am being very liberal with my finances what would you imagine ? 
  and this is basically the same except with me being the state and it being the states finances . 
  the correct term is economic liberalism and it includes that `` not taking money out of people 's pockets '' part . 
  economic liberals . 
  fiscally liberal sounds more like pouring money down the drain . 
  if it 's anything like here in germany the `` issue '' is much more important to the people against it . 
  that means being pro same-sex marriage is basically giving up on a third of voters , while not pro same-sex marriage parties still get votes from the two-thirds . 
  because enough people here say the police should n't raid someone because of what they said . 
  even if it 's threats . 
  only if you think white guilt is the reason immigration exists . 
  the comment is pretty redundant then . 
  if there was an article on `` woman should be allowed to drive cars in saudi arabis '' what purpose does a comment like `` both sexes should be allowed '' have ? 
  transparancy has to be weighed against other factors of course . 
  do you think the uk should rather go back to the troubles when it comes to terror attacks because countries like syria , iraq , afghanistan and somalia are warzones ? 
  it just is n't a good comparison . 
  this year ? 
  or 82 if you include turkey . 
  `` known to us '' does n't mean `` monitored '' . 
  it 's probably enough to visit a specific mosque or have contact to a specific person to be `` known to us '' . 
  it 's not like someone gets monitored 24/7 and the police is just like : `` i wonder why he is buying so many explosives . '', 
  sure you can . 
  and it happens quite frequently . 
  locking up people who have n't committed crimes is hardly possible . 
  a conflict affecting a smaller population for 30 years is likely to have a smaller death toll than a conflict affecting a population 130 times the size for 6 fucking months . 
  a decade ago the uk was n't homogeneous , so that would n't be enough . 
   what if i told you you could take a zero tolerance stance towards this kind of thing without being a populist ? 
  there has yet to be a repeated offender of terrorist attacks ... 
  i know what you mean but you have to define against what that zero tolerance stat is . 
  and if it is illegal or can be made illegal . 
  transparency is a good thing . 
  the question was answered like 5 times before you posted . 
   they would know and fear that any medical emergencie rushing their kid to the hospital may lead to the discovery and their kid being taken away . 
  this seems more like a counterargument . 
   a few mediatised cases would have a significant impact . 
  agreed . 
  raising awareness both to the fact that it is illegal and to how horrible it is would be important . 
  there are generally very big hurdles for a child to be taken away from their parents , be it that or other kinds of abuse . 
  i agree with you , but i think in the vast majority of cases the government wo n't find out ever . 
  as sad as it is . 
  it 's loosely enforced because it happens in private and is therefore very hard to get wind of . 
  same would happen with male circumcision . 
  calling for better enforcement is fine but saying `` ban both '' is stupid when one 's already banned . 
   i am merely asking a question . 
  you are claiming that life has a purpose , i would like to know why . 
  i 'm claiming that this is the core of every religious belief , not that it 's true .
