  my opinion does n't matter . 
   while you are right , it 's also dishonest . 
  if you can twist gods word to fit your liking why not cut out the middle man ? 
  if god says `` do a '' and you say `` he means b '' then you might as well not use the book . 
  that 's how it works and that 's how it always worked . 
  there are contradictions , inconsistencies and ambiguity all over the place , it ca n't be all taken literally . 
   you can show that it contains errors . 
  the word of god would n't have any errors since god is said to be perfect . 
  and since god ca n't be wrong that means man 's interpretation is wrong . 
  it is a belief and not a science . 
  that 's why you ca n't just argue it away completely with scientific facts . 
  and that 's also why you can actually find religious persons in science . 
  when a church or branch of islam denies science that is because it challenges their interpretation of their book and therefor their authority over believers . 
  and then someone finds a way to `` make it work '' and eventually they adapt . 
   where does the notion that life has to have a purpose come from ? 
  that 's entitlement and it is probably unfounded . 
  that 's just your opinion and your opinion has no effect on the science/religion debate . 
  it is at the center of every belief in god and you ca n't just argue that away . 
   you can of course ignore all the errors in scripture and go on but devout people will ( rightfully ) tell you that you are wrong and that 's a big problem . 
  in order to accept science you need to reject at least parts of your faith . 
  there is nothing forcing anyone to take the scripture literally ( even the literal word of god could speak in metaphors ) . 
  the bible/quran/whatever is n't meant to be a scientific study on any manifestation of god that can be disproven . 
  what you are basically saying is that everyone who looks into science will see god does n't exist , but that is just not the case . 
  you are looking at it from the position of someone who does n't believe in god . 
  now , i 'm not religious myself but in my view the central point for believing in any god is that life has to have some purpose and the universe is n't just an accident . 
  it does n't really matter if god does n't actually steal the sun during an eclipse , that a thunderstorm is a result of specific conditions in the atmosphere or that humans are built out of smaller and smaller particles . 
  and there are enough churches that acknowledge that , even the catholic church . 
  there is nothing specific to islam that would stop them from thinking like that . 
  it is just that the current big islamic `` directions '' are extremely conservative . 
   that 's why islam was pro-science in the beginning but anti-science ( like every other religion ) later on . 
  but many christian churches today are n't anti-science at all . 
  also no scientists will ever proof that a god does n't exist , and it 's not like they are actively trying to . 
  the only thing that science does respective to god is that things that could n't be explained were attributed to god and could n't be attributed to god after . 
  but that still does n't question the existence of god . 
  my point is more that science also questioned the `` existence of god '' in the past , shown by the behavior of the catholic church for centuries . 
  it is n't true that science only now questions the existence of god . 
  so in the past science questioned the existence of the christian god and not the islamic god and today it 's the opposite ? 
  i do n't think you 're right here . 
  is it legal with girls ? 
  because i do n't think it is . 
  i 'm optimistic that our police forces and intelligence forces have the situation somehow under control , as to that it is n't really possible to conspire and plan with a bigger group of people and more sophisticated weapons without getting busted . 
  all attacks since i think belgium have been single guys or very small groups . 
  i can only speculate . 
  they are quite good integrated and not especially poor . 
  they have their own mosques and do n't generally get in contact with salafism . 
  you know the wave of terror attacks started only a few years ago due to outside influence ? 
  it is not a natural occurrence due to immigration at all , otherwise it would have been a problem for decades already . 
  there are idiots everywhere , but it 's not like refugees are n't safer in europe than almost anywhere else . 
  saying they are not safe is definitely the worst excuse i 've heard . 
  it is entirely possible that isis would n't have the influence it has on some people in europe if it were n't for the internet . 
  before , terrorist actually had to built networks and could n't just get random people to do something . 
  but that does n't mean you can just go back to before , obviously . 
  hey , do n't make up such high numbers . 
  according to my sources there were only 2 muslim , one of them a recent convert . 
  you 're wrong here . 
  merkel is voted for again and again not because of loyality but because she adapts to the public opinion . 
  and germans generally do n't want a bigger military . 
  the flag has been designed in 1955 as a symbol for the whole of europe . 
  it was first used by the council of europe and only in 1985 it was adopted by the eu predecessor . 
   the east needed more pastors to prevent the religion from dying well , that did n't work . 
  far right extremists < -  islamist extremists nationalists < -  islamists people of that nationality < -  muslims it 's not perfect but much better than putting all muslims on a level with nazis . 
  that 's not how it works , you do n't go there and take your money in cash . 
  of all the talk about things `` destroying a country '' this literally is destroying the country . 
  so this is a case of one family receiving welfare payments for another 9-10 month after leaving the country . 
  during this time there was a criminal investigation , basically for supporting terrorists . 
  the investigators then informed the city but forgot to inform another authority ( because different authorities are n't allowed to share the data due to privacy laws ) so parts of the payment resumed for some time . 
  this is bad , but still just a communication error by the investigators and not neccessarily a widespread phenomenon . 
  less rights and less security seems weird , normally people want to give up rights for more security or the other way round . 
  it happened in 2015 . 
  it 's actually not an experiment . 
  you are just free to practice any religion here . 
  if you want to end the `` experiment '' you would have to end freedom of religion , freedom of speech and some more . 
  or is the experiment a liberal democracy ? 
  i 'd rather not end that . 
  you do n't think a surveillance state with reduced human rights is worse in the wrong hands than what labour wants ? 
  that 's so much bullshit . 
  everyone knows they are muslim . 
  this was a question as to why certain nationalities ( of origin ) from the many possible countries are overrepresented . 
  saying `` they 're muslim '' is irrelevant because it 's the assumption . 
  no one is pretending there is no problem , people/governments just do n't know how to do it and where to start . 
  and then there is the uk government that does something , but all the wrong things . 
  even among these muslims terrorists are outcasts . 
  while working against this is probably a good idea anyways , i doubt it has much of an effect on potential terrorist nutjobs . 
  in my opinion you have to directly target the `` influencers '' , the ones that really turn the people and advise them to commit an attack . 
  hard to get to them cause their often not even in the country . 
  practically both methods should be used , but i think your denazification style would hopefully lead to a more progressive thinking in the general population but would n't reach actual terrorists . 
  after the war the nazi-ideology was widespread . 
  denazification resulted in pushing it to the fringe with only a comparably small number remaining . 
  i do n't think this situation is comparable to islamic extremists now , because they are already on the fringe now . 
  denazification or the corresponding islamic thing would be to get it into the general public head that this is not ok . 
  i think this is already pretty much consensus now . 
  i support the measures you propose , they will certainly help keep some dangerous people of the street . 
  but it wo n't solve extremism and it 's very different from denazification . 
   i specifically said murders , not hate crimes . 
  i know in the years after wwii there were many incidents where nazis would kill people . 
  but you had that crazy denazification and it worked . 
  the murders stopped after a while . 
  there was group of nazi terrorists killing immigrants 10 years ago . 
  since then maybe single murderers but no other successful groups . 
  that 's not the same as what happened after the war , but neither is islamist terrorism .
