fucked enough of the russian population over as it is , might as well make it official . 
  ugh murdoch 's tendrils slowly extending their grip . 
  this is nothing but bad news . 
  forced to wear little pink triangles next i reckon . 
  this sounds like a big deal - any italians around to explain the true impact of this move ? 
  i 'm a bit confused because they 're from the same party and the coalition looks fragile . 
  i 'm very interested in what 's to follow . 
  we talk about independent movements like catalunya and scotland very often , as well as how countries like the uk want to leave the eu . 
  this is the first real challenge the eu will face on its no cherry-picking allowed stance . 
  i sincerely hope the eu sticks to its guns and does n't bow down to pressure . 
  eu politicians at least ** try ** to work for the interests of european citizens as a whole rather than protecting the narrow set of interests demanded by the british class system . 
  man i miss this city . 
  stupid recession , hurry up and end !, 
  pleasantly surprised at how nobody is bringing up the siesta stereotype . 
  but not really ... 
  it 's going to be a no if the economy keeps recovering as it is now . 
  under uk law : `` a racial group means a group of persons defined by reference to race , colour , nationality ( including citizenship ) or ethnic or national origins . '', 
  go ahead , try and label me as `` pc '' so that you feel morally superior , it does n't change the fact you 're a racist . 
  how the fuck is such a blatantly racist and non-constructive statement so easily upvoted in r/europe ? 
  compared to 27 % , the 10 % ` grass ' in france is greener . 
  ... have lifestyle magazine seriously painted golden dawn in a good light ? 
  genuinely curious to see if you have a link - i 'm lost for words if it 's true . 
  spain is very interesting . 
  unlike greece and italy , there is no rise in ultra right wing xenophobic parties since the economical downturn . 
  i wonder whether that 's because most of spain 's non eu foreigners are from the colonies and so their shared language and certain cultural aspects makes integrating into the spanish community really easy . 
  or perhaps because the memories of fascism are still very much alive . 
  either way , good for spain !, 
  progress is [ coming ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/ ) , whether they like it or not :, 
  andorra ruling their country from the top of a mountain eh ? 
  i can just imagine a council of evil wizards scheming at the top like in some fantasy novel . 
  thousands and thousands of lakes . 
  apparently more bank offices than number of dentists in the entire country . 
  you need to get insurance to ride a bike on a public road . 
  reminds me of the arab spring and the headgear used by egyptian protesters ... http://imgur.com/rekeyzm, 
  why should n't sex changes be covered ? 
  i did n't actually know that was the case , but it seems to me that if you 're trapped in the body of the wrong gender it should be society 's responsibility to help you . 
  spot the iron curtain !, 
  let people chant use !, 
  use !, 
  use !, 
  at football matches . 
  listening to a bild editor 's speculation is like listening to a gypsy fortune teller tell me my future . 
  oak house ? 
  ah yes , queueing is so ingrained in our national being it even affects our grammar :p, 
  cue loads of people not understanding the difference between violent attacks and hate crime . 
  for a country accused of not doing enough work , spain 's judges seem to be in turbo mode . 
  chasing corruption , bribery , misuse of public funds , forced evictions and many , many more cases like this gives me hope for spain . 
  after reading comments on / r/europe i think this is a really divisive topic here . 
  i can understand both sides - but the comparisons of merkel to hitler are fucking inexcusable . 
  edit : i accidentally a word, 
  i uh ... am not a good person to share a bathroom with . 
  the media 's responsibility is to report the truth . 
  there is no such thing as objectivity in journalism . 
  even choosing what you 're reporting about is a subjective matter . 
  the truth here is that banks fucked up , the cypriot government fucked up and the eurogroup fucked up - some more than others . 
  i 've also seen stories on the tough times ahead for cyprus and how much it sucks for its people . 
  nowhere has shown solidarity for the banks . 
  the bbc showed a 5 minute clip in the news the other day which was completely from a human perspective that even my most hardcore conservative friends in the room were sympathising with . 
  edit : grammar mistakes, 
  that was never an eu plan . 
  that was cyprus ' plan to share rich people 's pain with the poor in a desperate attempt to retain foreign money . 
  6.75 , 15 or 25 - does n't matter what percent if the cypriot president thought foreigners would keep their money there after this he was delusional . 
  while i 'm staunchly pro-eu , i do n't see any downside for cyprus leaving the euro now . 
  their banking industry is dead . 
  devalue the cypriot pound and rebuild your economy on tourism and exports . 
  surely it 's the least painful way . 
  wow , so after all this drama they 've gone and just done what the eu had suggested a week ago . 
  the first picture made me picture a game where little big planet meets amnesia : the dark descent ... 
  wow this really put everything into perspective . 
  so ... cypriot banks made crappy investments in greece which they were then forced to take a loss on as part of greece 's bailout . 
  combined with poor governance , they will go bankrupt unless they 're bailed out . 
  cyprus then decides to tax those under 100k to not scare away the bigger fish oblivious to the fact that the writing is on the wall and there 's no turning back . 
  their banking sector would have fallen anyway . 
  theoretically , if we were to bail them out unconditionally - would cypriot banks learn their lesson and return to a sustainable way of making money for the island ? 
  can being a tax haven ever be sustainable with a population of 1,000,000 people ? 
  i just imagine a bunch of people flashing their private parts each time they pass the screen ... 
  still , cool concept !, 
  china & india on one side , usa & brazil on the other . 
  economically speaking , we need to adapt to survive . 
  one way to do this would be to band together as one . 
  there is no way in hell madrid could afford to host the olympics . 
  japan has already held them , even though it was almost 5 decades ago . 
  istanbul 's got this cat in the bag . 
  textbook example of politicians never wanting to do the right thing ... only whatever that gets them re-elected . 
  as awesome as this is , that target is unrealistic as hell . 
  3g -  4g took long enough ... and even that 's not finalised yet . 
  they also lower unemployment rate by encouraging people to go back to school and learning some more . 
  sounds like you could use some of that yourself . 
  la merce in barcelona is pretty epic !, 
  i love that anne hidalgo , a spanish born , is running for mayor of paris . 
  it 's just the future - a scotsman ( david mcalister ) who will likely run for chancellor in germany , a descendant of polish holocaust survivors ( ed milliband ) running for pm in the uk . 
  our own politicians are reflecting the multicultural 21st century . 
  edit : i accidentally a word, 
  there are certainly some interesting times ahead ... 
  while i think men like beppe grillo are dangerous , i ca n't blame italians wanting to shake things up for a clean slate . 
  yeah , i do . 
  yet you still ca n't say it 's related to welfare tourism . 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  it 's a worrying statistic but it 's naive to jump to conclusions . 
  no , that one piece of statistic does not speak for welfare tourism .
