  it 's unfair to many , but that 's how the world works . 
  as long as the superpowers oppose a supranational world order this will never change . 
  they do . 
  a divided europe would strengthen the position of the usa and russia , which would weaken the position of china . 
  russia ca n't be enemies with china and the eu at the same time , so right now china profits of russia needing that friend in the east . 
  furthermore china and the eu have much less conflicting interests than china and the usa . 
  the eu does n't really care about china expanding its sea borders where the usa is directly impacted by it ( with japan being an ally , and ofcourse military reasons ) . 
  so china panders to the eu , hoping to find an ally once the time comes . 
  but do n't be mistaken . 
  once a united eu becomes a threat to china , they will drop their support real quick . 
  are n't the seeds infertile ? 
  yeah , i 'm pretty much pro gm , but very much against the way corporations control it . 
  for me the perfect solution is a government based organisation that uses tax money to research good gm crops , and once they found it they distribute it amongst the farmers . 
  or something like that . 
  i do n't want farmers to be dependent on the corporations to send them the seeds . 
  uk was not one of the few net contributers . 
  the whole net contributers thing is a fallacy as it does n't include all positive and negative effects of joining the eu , but rather a very small part . 
  and what will happen once brexit actually happens no one really knows , but on one thing they all agree . 
  in the immediate period after the brexit the british economy will take a hit . 
  long term is too fucking hard to predict , but in the short term jobs will be lost . 
  the uk market will have to adjust and in the period it 's adjusting jobs will be lost . 
  anyone who claims to know what will happen after the market has adjusted is just looking into a crystal sphere and making wild assumptions . 
  if i were to make a guess i 'd say the uk will be just fine , depending mostly on their government . 
  oh and they will have to make a decent deal with the eu . 
  as long as relations between eu and uk stay good i do n't think much will change for the uk . 
  perhaps they will grow slower , perhaps they grow faster . 
  maybe the first years will show a miracle growth , only for it to end up being a bubble and the uk economy crashing . 
  or maybe the first years will be real tough and after that we see a miracle growth . 
  who the fuck knows . 
  i mean , what are you trying to say with this comment ? 
  this is n't the first pro-uk post i see here . 
  you are accusing the mods of something while providing no evidence at all , just saying that you `` feel '' like they do it . 
  did your mother forget to raise you properly ? 
  or do you just throw away all etiquette because you can be anonymous ? 
  i severely dislike people like you . 
  try to form opinions based on facts and not on something you `` feel '' . 
  but most importantly of all , if you attack someone you better be sure it 's based on something more then just your fucking feelings . 
  and keep this passive aggressive bullshit out of here . 
  ah i completely agree with you here . 
  you could call the eu a federation right now and you would be technically correct . 
  it 's just that nobody wants to call it a federation for obvious reasons . 
  a democratic federation is a fairly normal thing . 
  actually , it has a great synergy with democracy . 
  by giving more power to local governments you put that extra wall to protect you from authoritarian regimes . 
  there is a good reason many dictators centralise as much as they can . 
  but you clearly do n't know what a federation is . 
  well to be fair , when the americans started their democratic federation they had little examples to learn from . 
  if there ever comes a european federation i can imagine we look at the americans and learn from their mistakes . 
  so , no we wo n't become like america . 
  it will be a more modern version that fits better with our culture . 
  so you want more free trade deals . 
  but you think you have an easier time getting the deals you want we you are independent . 
  did you know that the eu , china and usa dominate the world market while abusing wto rules because there ca n't be any opposition against such enormous economies . 
  in global politics it gets real simple real fast , whoever has the most power gets the best deal . 
  when countries have to choose between a good deal with the eu or a good deal with the uk , what will they choose ? 
  the one with the biggest profit . 
  now that might be the uk , but for such a thing to happen you 'd have to get rid of a lot of regulations and you 'll turn in a mini usa where companies get more power every day . 
  but even then the sheer side of the eu single market is too much to ignore . 
  and before you start saying that a good deal for both eu and uk is possible , yeah sure . 
  until it is n't and then you 'll notice what happens when you are just a small economy compared to the big blocs . 
  people like dysan are the reason people wanted a brexit . 
  dyson is the perfect example of a guy who got rich of globalism , by moving factories to countries with cheap labour while having a hq somewhere in a tax haven . 
  it 's just so fucking ironic that people see in him a defender of the losers of globalism . 
  the eu would have protected you against parasites like dyson . 
  he did n't want that , so he campaigned for brexit . 
  i f irony was made of strawberries we would all be swimming in smoothies . 
  perhaps . 
  not really the point though . 
  the point was that being on the losing side has consequences . 
  and if your state collapses after you lose a war against great britain and france , you are going to have a bad time . 
  germany would have been too hard to split amongst the victors . 
  if it was possible it would have been done . 
  that 's a bit rich coming from the successor state of the very imperialist ottomans . 
  the ottomans chose a side , lost the war and as a result lost territory . 
  it 's how things went back then . 
  maybe ask germany how they felt about it . 
  however , before turkey got split up all the way attaturk stepped in . 
  no need to get angry about being on the losing side of war . 
  if the ottomans had won they would have had these imperialist ideas and some greek would be writing today how glad he is the imperial turks did n't win . 
  no , i was saying that the far right today is not as antisemitic as it was in the time of the nazis . 
  and i was using wilders as a example because he actually does support the jews and isreal . 
  le pen is maybe a difficult example as her father was very much antisemitic , but she herself seems to not have that trait . 
  actually , many jews in france feel like she is the only viable option when it comes to protecting the jews from muslims . 
  i really ca n't think of a single far right political group in western europe that is still antisemitic . 
  but you are right that the muslims are taking the place of the jews when we are talking about religious minorities being disliked . 
  and lot of jews here in europe are scared about muslims as jews are a easy target for them . 
  all in all , i do n't think many jews are leaving because of the far right . 
  on contrary , what i see is that those far right groups tend to be mostly anti-muslim , which is something that the jews like . 
  muslims are the reason jews leave . 
  not the far right . 
  d66 is pretty much the definition of centrist . 
  do you know what the c in cu and cda stand for ? 
  hint : it 's christian . 
  both are conservative center right parties . 
  where did you get your ideas from ? 
  please find a different source because you talking complete bullshit, 
  the far right of today is n't the same as the far right of 1930 's . 
  did you know wilders married a jew and gets funds from isreal ? 
  basic keynesianism has been tried and it does n't work in practice . 
  looks great in theory , but fails when executed .
