  but the developing world is coming . 
  how long can the uk stay 5th ? 
  but that 's the thing . 
  no one knows for sure . 
  we all have opinions about this , but in the end it 's all staring in a crystal orb . 
  so maybe do n't get too mad . 
  the most powerful people in the eu all are indirectly or like a some heads of state directly chosen . 
  and in the end every head of state has the ability to veto . 
  they have the real power . 
  it was a no for the reforms the uk suggested . 
  not a no to all reforms, 
  i think will populist they mean people who can shout how everything is terrible and needs to be fixed but never have any ( realistic ) solution . 
  i mean the `` reforms '' was the kind of deal you know nobody would accept . 
  cameron tried to scare the eu into accepting it , that failed spectaculary and now we have brexit . 
  it 's both . 
  elections are rigged , and still plenty people are happy with putin . 
  just ask some random russian dude . 
  they 'll just start talking bullshit of how democracy does n't work in russian culture and some other propaganda bs and that they are happy putin is their leader . 
  wether russians like it our not , their government represents them . 
  democratic elections or not . 
  as a society they are responsible for ukraine and georgia . 
  is it really that weird that very few in western europe feel solidarity to russians ? 
  innocent civilians were hurt , sure . 
  but if you are the innocent citizen of a war mongering maffia state , do n't expect too much sympathy . 
  and where was their solidarity after mh17 ? 
  or is making falls claims and blaming someone else a russian form of sympathy ? 
  netherlands can into nordics ? 
  well , i do n't think you described the true turk . 
  so far i have seen , there are 2 types of turks . 
  the very conservative islamist turk and the much more progressive secular turk . 
  and i think both are true turks . 
  but is n't he point of little things like this that sometimes we can leave politics behind and just create some stuff together ? 
  that there are just normal people on both sides , only fighting each other because that 's how it has always been ? 
  i think everyone knows the internet does n't represent real life . 
  but that should n't stop you from trying to create stuff like this, 
  brexit had nothing to do with nationalism ? 
  really ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  ah the good old 4th reich argument . 
  sad . 
  yeah let 's threaten spain with nuking them if you do n't get what you want . 
  possibly the dumbest thing i 've read on reddit in months and i 've visited t_d so that says a lot . 
  your sexual orientation is an individual 's choice , not a social one . 
  we all get to decide for ourselves what we like . 
  exactly . 
  liberalism means that you get to wear your headscarves , and i get to ridicule that . 
  just like the religious have the right to ridicule the non-religious , as long as it does n't interfere with any individuals rights . 
  liberalism means you try to maximise individuals rights , without taking rights away from someone else . 
  so yeah , that also includes those people you do n't agree with . 
  except it is n't , as i provide a counter argument for your point before i start a new argument . 
  pathetic . 
  pretty much every european agrees that imperialism was bad and that is why decolonisation happened . 
  meanwhile we are still waiting for turkey to follow our lead in accepting and acknowledging the black pages in our history ( something something armenian genocide ) . 
  you know the ottoman empire also thrived on imperialism . 
  you say us europeans are dirty imperialist , but that 's pretty much the pot calling the kettle black . 
  so far the european powers were able to admit their faults in history and tried to right there wrongs . 
  all turkey did so far is saying nothing bad ever happened in glorious ottoman empire and whenever confronted about it they claim ignorance . 
  lgbt is a very liberal thing . 
  there is a difference in politic liberal and philosophic liberal . 
  liberalism is all about respecting an individual 's right , and lgbt rights are in that way inherently connected with liberalism . 
  what i meant is that if the uk becomes like taiwan it would be utterly ironic . 
  eu claiming uk is is part of eu while it \u00b4 s not , and the rest of the world silently agreeing because they don \u00b4 t want to anger the eu . 
  dictatorships can last hundreds of years . 
  yeah , the polish are generally well conceived here as they are known as hard working people . 
  at my work ( in a restaurant ) they recently hired a polish woman and my god does she work hard . 
  i kinda like seeing the poles here , as one of my great grandparents was a pole and my little bro started dating one ( unfortunately for my little bro she lives in poland/switzerland so they just skype for fucking hours ) . 
  and i will never get enough of poles saying kurwa . 
  why would spain not allow them in ? 
  i really see no way how it would matter to spain . 
  taiwan , really ? 
  it is barely a country . 
  and singapore ? 
  switzerland ? 
  they are unique countries that fill a niche . 
  no way the uk would reform their market so much they can become like one of those . 
  australia and new zealand are better examples . 
  so what 's the difference between those and the uk ? 
  well , the uk has a way bigger service industry and both imports and exports ( much ) more than australia or new zealand . 
  this makes it very important for the uk to make a good deal with the eu , since most of their exports and imports end up there . 
  now , the biggest money maker in the uk is london . 
  again , a good deal with the eu would make the transition much easier , but i think london will be fine anyway . 
  so what do we learn ? 
  a bad deal with the eu could fuck up imports and exports , which would drive the cost of living in the uk up even higher . 
  finding new markets to export to , or import from is really not easy and takes some time , so in the short term there would be some troubles . 
  but the biggest advantage of the eu is the protectionist market ( just like the usa or china ) which is very nice . 
  and because the trade bloc is so big it can abuse wto rules without repercussion ( again , just like the usa and china do ) . 
  it 's impossible to start a trade war against the eu ( unless you are the usa or china , but that would hurt them as much as it would hurt us ) since the amount of money rolling around here is just too much . 
  but still , it is very hard to predict what the brexit will end up doing . 
  in 2 years we can see the first changes , and in 10 we can look back and draw conclusions . 
  no , since the african union is not 1 voice . 
  not to mention they are dirt poor , so even if all of africa banded together they would still lack the funds . 
  just think for 2 seconds before answering, 
  and that 's one of the positive things about china . 
  their leadership is fairly predictable . 
  all they care about is a stronger china , and as you see they choose the common sense route when making decisions . 
  it really is n't different from how the usa is protectionist ( nafta was one of the few non protectionist things the usa did , and we all now how that ended ) . 
  for example , look at the american car industry . 
  and china is probably at the top being protectionist . 
  so yeah , upcoming countries are getting shafted . 
  the chinese , americans and europeans abuse wto rules to make sure they get the best deal .
