  we can look all day at who was responsible for the shitstorm that is the middle east . 
  however , there is a problem here and now with those refugees in italy and greece . 
  no matter how much you blame those refugees being there on someone else , it wo n't make them disappear . 
  you decided to join the eu . 
  those are your fellow eu countries , asking for help . 
  do n't forget that the number that ee are supposed to pick up are laughable and mostly symbolical . 
  do n't get me wrong here , i do n't want the eu to force refugees moving to ee . 
  what i want is that ee helps with finding a solution instead of putting the responsibility on countries who do n't have any more responsibility then they do themselves . 
  we started this eu thing together . 
  if we want this to work we need to find a way to agree on things . 
  you ca n't be a member but whenever trouble arrives decide to opt out of everything . 
  shit needs to be solved together . 
  you can say usa intervention . 
  and if the uk had opposed it , none of the western countries would have supported it . 
  much like bulgaria , they were forced to support it or risk being isolated . 
  just because we have bigger armies and more money to spend on it then bulgaria ( and thus be able to send more troops to afghanistan ) changes nothing . 
  stop blaming what the usa did on all western european countries . 
  bulgaria is as guilty as the netherlands or germany or sweden in creating the current situation in the middle east . 
  unfortunately the refugees do n't end up in those countries , but mostly in germany or italy/greece . 
  what responsibility do they have for a war that the usa started ? 
  edit : maybe i should remind you that bulgaria supported that war . 
  the 2 biggest perpetrators of bombing the middle east are either not part of europe or leaving the eu . 
  you could even day that russia had a bigger influence on what has happened in the middle east then we did . 
  you did n't have any obligation . 
  but it did show the lack of solidarity . 
  it showed that britain does n't want to be in a situation where they do have obligations . 
  in my opinion the eu needs to integrate more , maybe even to some sort of federal state . 
  but that can only happen if everyone wants it , and i do n't believe britain ever wants to be part of such a thing , proven by how little they care about the continent . 
  there is no proof of that . 
  if there was , i can assure you those ngo 's would be shut down . 
  most governments severely dislike ngo 's and only tolerate their existence because they are part of international cooperation and work within the laws and treaties agreed on by countries . 
  it 's the same system many eastern europeans benefited from . 
  a system that was never intended to be used that way since when the system was created no one anticipated these problems . 
  maybe we should make some changes , but it 's very difficult when so many people disagree with how it should be changed , or even if it should be changed . 
  democracies work like that . 
  i do n't think you can blame the people who created or welfare system over 50 years ago for the problems we have now . 
  what privileges exactly ? 
  you mean our welfare system ? 
  so basically , some organisations where no government has any influence on are being annoying . 
  meanwhile the eu ( mostly the west ) are looking for ways to shut them down . 
  i think you need to look up what a ngo is . 
   not to mention that it 's western ngos that are transferring people en masse from the shores of lybia and dumping them in italy . 
  source ? 
  and you should now that ngo stands for non-governmental organization . 
  the problem is that greece and italy have way to many refugees . 
  the west does n't want all of them . 
  ee want none of them . 
  see the problem , and tell me how its fair that ee pays nothing for a problem that 's not created by the netherlands either . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  merkel ( alone ) welcomed refugees ( people make mistakes ) . 
  once the immigrants starting coming , ee wanted to build fences to keep them out . 
  not everyone liked that idea , but ee did n't give a fuck and started building those fences . 
  but guess what . 
  turns out , most people are actually arriving by boat in greece and italy . 
  and now ee just wants to dump all those refugees in the west , because apparently its all our fault anyway . 
  or maybe it 's time for ee to understand that the eu is more then a purely economical union ? 
  why the fuck do the west need to solve every problem ? 
  take some responsibly please, 
  neither are they dutch , but we did n't wriggle out . 
  but every day uk leaving eu makes more sense . 
  there is no european solidarity from their side . 
  hang on buddy . 
  you will be happy again , and perhaps meet the real woman of your life . 
  i think most of them either went to isreal/america or never saw the end of the war, 
  will be interesting to see what the result is , and who will ignore it . 
  do women stopping with work so they can be a stay at home mom count as retirement ? 
  elaborate please i like funny maps, 
  does n't the eu slightly favor small countries ? 
  which means that as countries apart the benelux has more members and thus more influence ? 
  i do n't think the difference if culture is too big . 
  actually , i do n't think you 'll find cultures much more similar than that between the people from flanders and the people from the south of the netherlands ( which is like 40 % of our country ) . 
  no , culture wo n't be the reason it will not happen . 
  there is a lot of shared history . 
  however , there are plenty other reasons for it to not happen ( like why do it when you are already in eu together ) and there is simply no incentive for it . 
  both countries are doing just fine these days . 
  maybe if things suddenly changed in the world and a united fist is needed , maybe then something will happen . 
  pics of this carnival are posted every year . 
  don \u00b4 t go on reddit during this week next year and you won \u00b4 t see a thing . 
  columbus ? 
  seems like a good way to start a trade war with the eu . 
  not sure how the uk would profit from that . 
  but you could say the same about dutch newspapers . 
  only added difference is a slightly different language . 
  did you not see me use the word `` colonies '' ? 
  edit : but you know why new zealand has that name ? 
  hint : we have a province called zeeland , and new is nieuw ; it 's pronounced almost the same way as new in dutch . 
  - share the same history . 
  if you think you share more history with america ( or any of the colonies ) then with europe i do n't really know what to say except maybe i would tell you the world is much older than 250 years . 
  and even when we are talking about the colonies there is a lot of shared history with other european powers . 
  you know that new york was a dutch settlement ? 
  and capetown too ? 
  you brits stole it from us . 
  - share the same language . 
  you know why we speak a different language in germany/netherlands ? 
  because there were n't any books to write the rules in , and a lot of time has passed . 
  but still , german and dutch are very closely related to english . 
  - share media and culture . 
  people in america read american newspapers , people in britain read british newspapers . 
  share culture ? 
  guy , have you ever been to america ?
