  the biggest problems are government misusing it in bad times ( suddenly there are much more `` bad times '' so the government can spend more money ) and the economy reacts too slow to investments , meaning that by the time you feel the effects of the extra investments , you are already in the positive conjuncture . 
  which means that it will have the opposite effect of what it is supposed to do . 
  a left government ? 
  under what rock do you live ? 
  the most likely coalition is vvd , cda , d66 and cu . 
  of which none are left . 
  none . 
  and if groenlinks by some miracle manage to make a deal with vvd , there is one left party in the government . 
  and it would be the smallest party in the coalition . 
  if you want to talk about politics , that 's fine . 
  but before you do so you might want to learn something about it first . 
  everyone hates that 1 guy who talks as if he knows everything but clearly is full of shit . 
  trade surplus and budget surplus are not even close to being the same thing . 
  the government has a surplus because they cut on social spending . 
  i do n't know in which universe you have to live to claim that cutting social spending in the netherlands has a negative effect on south-european countries , but it is n't this one . 
  jesus fucking christ these poor pigs . 
  how can you even work in such a place ? 
  mh17 should be added . 
  lets not forget it already . 
  yeah they *** should have *** tried peaceful ways to gain their independence . 
  however , they believed they could never gain their independence through peaceful ways . 
  for every ghandi there are hundreds of examples where protest are stricken down hard and as a result die off . 
  the entire situation in ireland was complete shit and great-britain was a big part of the reason . 
  long have the irish suffered under their rule . 
  they created the situation in which the ira thrived . 
  i used to like dijsselbloem , but he want too far here . 
  there is nothing wrong with taking a tough stance , but there is a lot wrong with toxic comments like this . 
  perhaps he looked too much at trump and thought that pc culture was over and he could go spout some nonsense too . 
  and then the brits stole it from us :(, 
  if you think the euro is the reason italy \u00b4 s economy is tanking you are blaming the wrong thing . 
  just imagine the hit all economies will take once they get their own currency again . 
  not to mention that fucking with your own currency to try and get the economy going again ( while ignoring the real problems , just like you do now ) is not a permanent solution for any economy . 
  the euro is n't without problems , but this focus on the euro means we are ignoring other ( domestic ) problems . 
  there are a million reasons italy has a bad economy . 
  the euro is just a minor one . 
  if a party does n't meet the 0.67 % the votes will be redistributed among the parties that did exceed the 0.67 % according to the method d'hondt ( which slightly favours the winners of the elections ) . 
  mind that this is n't for state elections , but for an entire country with a population of 17 million . 
  the 66k is about 0.67 % of the voting population . 
  0.67 % of the votes and you have a seat . 
  where else is that possible ? 
  but of all the systems , ours is one the least rigged against small parties . 
  you only need about 66k votes to get a seat . 
  in what other country can you find as many small parties ? 
  to what where they comparing then ? 
  a utopian system that only exist in the mind ? 
  i 'm actually triggered now who do these arrogant pricks think that they are ? 
  british media has fallen so low . 
  but if you asks wilders to explain his a4 he does dodge the question . 
  actually , wilders is quite famous for dodging questions , hence why he never gives an interview unless he gets to choose the questions . 
  he will either refuse to answer or give some meaningless answer . 
  are n't frisians basically saxons ? 
  i do n't see how these opinions are relevant . 
  it is n't the reason of our outrage . 
  you really do n't get it do you edit : just imagine how a country would be if their inhabitants treated their law the same way states treat international `` laws '' . 
  there is no such thing as international law about fucking secession . 
  international law is a mythical thing . 
  sometimes it exists , sometimes it does n't . 
  states only use them when they are in their favor . 
  easily ignored as well . 
  there are only the eu laws and spanish laws in spain . 
  no other country could force a secession from spain . 
  even within the eu it 's hard to force a secession , as spain could just leave it and such a step from the eu would be very unpopular . 
  i mean , just look at how many states ignores these international `` laws '' . 
  we also condone hate speech . 
  just because we are mostly liberal does n't mean we believe in every liberal value . 
  still , i do n't agree that letting erdogan do what he wants is the option a liberal would take . 
  actually , the liberal politicians here all agree with the actions our government took . 
  foreign countries do not get to do what they want in our country . 
  they can follow our ( liberal ) values , or they can stay home . 
  you have yet to tell me which liberal values are being violated . 
  free speech ? 
  they can speak all they want . 
  freedom to protest ? 
  they are protesting right now without police breaking it up . 
  freedom to enter our country ? 
  not part of our liberal values . 
  freedom to start rallies ? 
  not part of our liberal values . 
  no liberal values are being bent . 
  we are a sovereign country . 
  we get to decide what happens in our country . 
  and we can decide for ourselves what our liberal values are . 
  are you really comparing this with relations between eu nations ? 
  i 'm just going to ignore that . 
  our free liberal values are not at risk . 
  turkish people are free to speak turkish here . 
  they are free to wave their flag . 
  just like we are free to say that we do not like them doing that . 
  they do n't live in turkey . 
  they live here . 
  they could get involved with a dutch party . 
  instead they choose for erdogan . 
  i can also say erdogan is a danger for free , liberal values . 
  i can say those rallies are danger for free , liberal values . 
  you could even argue that we are defending our free , liberal values by denying a dictator in being to hold rallies so he can become that dictator . 
  just analyze what has happened so far . 
  no laws were changed . 
  no laws are being prepared . 
  so how exactly is it a danger for our free and liberal values ? 
  does having those values mean we have to bend over every single time ?
