  i liked obama because he mostly kept things mostly stable in a fairly stressful time . 
  he had to fix so many problems . 
  iraq/afghanistan . 
  the financial crisis and following recession . 
  house market crashing . 
  a certain type of person thrives in such times , and obama was n't one of them . 
  still , he kept things stable enough . 
  and no , i do n't like the americans ( or anyone for that matter ) appeasing to russia , unless there is something worth it in return . 
  i think obama made a mistake . 
  so why would trump try it appease again , so close after seeing this mistake . 
  if you predecessor attempted to appease to someone , and failed miserably , why would you try it yourself ? 
  it feels like a weak move , or some fools attempt at a powergrab . 
  i never mentioned america being turned into something authoritarian . 
  trump might try but i dont believe he can . 
  i liked obama for his foreign policies , they affected me more than his internal policies . 
  and it is very hard to be a likeable president after such a huge crisis . 
  but trying to control all the judges is on itself a crime against democracy , a fucking huge one . 
  can you imagine how bad actually controlling the judges would be ? 
  what is a `` hidden '' jewel of bulgaria ? 
  i have never seen a loser of an election like what the next guy did . 
  can you tell me of anyone who did ? 
  perhaps i exaggerated a little bit . 
  poland is ( like turkey ) on it 's way to become an authoritarian regime . 
  one of the first steps to get there is controlling the judges ( and thus the law in every single way possible ) . 
  seems to me that 's what is happening in poland now . 
  since when is dismissing all judges and appointing new ones a thing of the right ? 
  communism was pretty much left my friend, 
  it is weird to see how the young people of poland seem to be voting for authoritarian parties , considering the fact that their parents suffered pretty hard under such rule . 
  they just spend their tax money differently . 
  like , our roads are really nice but very expensive to maintain . 
  im very impressed on how you can tell so much about me from those 2 small sentences . 
  what kind of world do you think i want to create ? 
  im not so sure od it myself . 
  life is however the fuck i want it to be thank you very much, 
  ah thats true . 
  im not looking forward to being 70 in 50 years . 
  do we really though ? 
  some of his ideas , sure . 
  but there are also quite some people disagree with, 
  both wars bankrupted the uk . 
  like completely bankrupted . 
  my grandmother is english and when she lived in post ww2 uk they had to live on ( food ) coupons for several years . 
  even though the countrt wasnt occupied , the new modern ( total ) war meant that they had tk give up so much to win the war . 
  and than there was a new power ( usa ) that made sure that uk lost its colonies and influence over the world . 
  that was indeed the guy i was looking for !, 
  thanks !, 
  you going to tell peoole they are not alowed to send medicine or help to africa ? 
  ah i didnt mean jobs magically appeared . 
  just that they appeared . 
  lol are they really trying to predict something like that 70 years into the future ? 
  i 'd like to see what chrystal orb they are using . 
  china is just a part of asia , it 's not all of asia . 
  there is very nice video of some guy ( who recently died ) who did magic stuff with statistics and data . 
  he had a presentation where he showed the global trend on child birth and modernization . 
  eye opebing really , i 'll try to find the video . 
  it was here on this subreddit iirc . 
  looking at the wiki page , it kind of proves my point though . 
  africa is lagging behind the rest of the world and is slowly turning the same as us . 
  in asia modernization happened much faster and way earlier . 
  africa just needs to adjust to better living standards . 
  in asia there was a big boom too when they modernized , still family 's took many kids while living standards meant that all those kids would survive . 
  it flattened out over the years and asia is beginning too look more like western countries concerning childbirth . 
  there is simply a time where people are not used to the modernization . 
  the same is happening in africa . 
  but where in asia jobs appeared , they do n't appear in africa . 
  there is almost nothing for kids being born there today . 
  do you really think that people with the wealth and will to help should have just let those kids die ? 
  or only cure them if they promise they will always wear a condom ? 
  such a thing would be inhuman and monstrous to do . 
  people like gates thought they were doing good by curing diseases and making modern medicine available to many poor people . 
  how could such a thing be bad ? 
  and a lot of people around the globe thought it to be a good thing too . 
  modern medicine and other modernization made asia a much better place , asians never mass emigrated to other places . 
  but africa is n't like asia . 
  many africans want a different life , one they can never got in some of their places . 
  so they go to the place of wealth , where people have so much they can give away massive amount of food and medicine . 
  they go to where they think there is an easy life , a life without worries , no war . 
  perhaps we should have let the kids die , for what purpose is their life if it is only to die of hunger or drowning in the mediterranean sea . 
  but who would be able to do such a thing ? 
  to let someone die where they could be saved ? 
  africa just needs to adjust to better living standards . 
  in asia there was a big boom too when they modernized , still family 's took many kids while living standards meant that all those kids would survive . 
  it flattened out over the years and asia is beginning too look more like western countries concerning childbirth . 
  there is simply a time where people are not used to the modernization . 
  the same is happening in africa . 
  but where in asia jobs appeared , they do n't appear in africa . 
  there is almost nothing for kids being born there today . 
  do you really think that people with the wealth and will to help should have just let those kids die ? 
  or only cure them if they promise they will always wear a condom ? 
  such a thing would be inhuman and monstrous to do . 
  people like gates thought they were doing good by curing diseases and making modern medicine available to many poor people . 
  how could such a thing be bad ? 
  and a lot of people around the globe thought it to be a good thing too . 
  modern medicine and other modernization made asia a much better place , asians never mass emigrated to other places . 
  but africa is n't like asia . 
  many africans want a different life , one they can never got in some of their places . 
  so they go to the place of wealth , where people have so much they can give away massive amount of food and medicine . 
  they go to where they think there is an easy life , a life without worries , no war . 
  perhaps we would have let the kids die , for what purpose is their life if it is only to die of hunger or drowning in the mediterranean sea . 
  but who would be able to do such a thing ?
