  no one wants to invade russia ( which is why they preferred just nuking it ) . 
  literally no one . 
  what is there to gain in russia that would validate the losses ? 
  sounds to me russia does n't understand the rest of the world and pretends its a special snowflake . 
   like all major players with nukes . 
  even israel with its tiny nuclear stockpile violates the rules . 
  help me remember when the usa/an eu country annexed land close to russia . 
  also  isreal  world power choose one . 
  but it 's not the russians that people fear . 
  it 's a total war that they fear . 
  if we forget nukes , a war between russia and nato would end up in nato 's favor ( after many many years and insane losses on both sides ) . 
  just look at it this way . 
  a couple guys ( representing the world biggest powers ) can push a button , and if they push the button everyone dies , including themselves . 
  all the guys know the danger of pushing that button and are pretty careful about it . 
  however there is one guy ( russia ) trying to intimidate the others by fooling around with the button . 
  the guy says stuff like `` do this or i 'll push the button '' . 
  the guy ignores the rules , knowing that every is so scared of that button , that he can get away with it . 
  most people understand what russia wants . 
  it 's really not that difficult . 
  the problem lies in that no one knows how to react without having the guy push the button . 
  it said `` dead cops '' before the improvement . 
  op said it was found next to some football stuff , so it was probably some edgy teenager/hooligan who did it . 
  which political agenda am i pushing if i may ask ? 
  not to sure about it myself . 
  and as en economist you should know better than me that while gdp gives a general indication of how rich a country is , it does n't tell the whole story . 
  just look at the irish gdp to prove my point . 
  i do hate populists , but it 's not that they are there for no reason . 
  censoring them would n't fix the reason why people vote for populists . 
  people vote for them because they feel like no one else listens to them . 
  and it 's not like populists only do bad . 
  for example , wilders made talking about immigration non-taboo again . 
  sometimes the establishment needs a kick . 
  there is nothing bad about that . 
  and do n't we all lie and hate every once in a while ? 
  to be honest i 'd really like a system where political parties have to let an independent organisation fact-check their programs . 
  is most of it complete bullshit or just some random things ( like the pvv ) they should be forced to commit an actual program with in depth solutions for problems . 
  doubt it will ever happen though, 
  is it ok ? 
  and who gets to decide if you belong to one of those groups ? 
  obligatory ` gdp is not a very good measurement to index how rich a country is ', 
  guy , they literally take like 5 immigrants a year . 
  their attitude towards immigrants is the worst . 
  it \u00b4 s basically ` you will never belong here go back ' . 
  as i said , go google some stories . 
  and without moroccans we would still have crime here . 
  they are not responsible for 100 % of the crime . 
  japanese culture is one of the reasons for the low crime rate . 
  dutch culture ( even if everyone in nl was dutch ) does not work in the same way . 
  we would still have much more crime than japan . 
  low crime is true . 
  highly cohesive ? 
  in some things yes . 
  it also has the loneliest people and the highest suicide rates of the rich countries . 
  not to mention you will never be part of the group unless you are born in japan with japanese parents . 
  and did you know that in tokyo over 50 % of the young population is single ? 
  anyway my father worked there for a couple years , and in that time i was born there . 
  the stories he told me made me happy that i did n't spend all my youth there . 
  it 's a very unforgiving culture . 
  just try being jobless ( hint , everyone will avoid you like the plague ) immigrating successfully in japan is pretty much impossible . 
  just go google for some horror stories of immigrants there . 
  yes they love western expats . 
  but at the same time they can be incredibly racist . 
  mostly against non western immigrants . 
  i 'd take my dutch culture any day over japanese culture . 
  their work culture is shit ( always arrive before your boss , never leave before your boss , so a lot of the time you are just doing nothing so you can leave later ) . 
  so many inefficient things you have to do because it 's just what you do , no questions asked . 
  and to top it of the people are the unhappiest of the rich countries . 
  lets keep japanese culture in japan, 
  putin is the head of a state . 
  hillary is n't, 
  sounds like you have never been in japan, 
   the euro health consumer index is published by a swedish political think tank and is in my opinion an absolute pile of horseshit that does n't reflect reality at all when you say stuff you like you should back it up with some facts . 
  but you are probably right that it is biased , though in many other indexes the netherlands are almost always top 5 in healthcare ( i actually cant find one where the netherlands are rated lower ) . 
  no , the debt has not become sustainable . 
  a couple years depression is not eternal . 
  and yes you do need to read a book because it clearly is not as simple as you make it sound . 
  or is greece another one of those countries who is done with `` experts '' . 
  yeah no , it does n't make up for the lost income of taxes . 
  lower than status quo . 
  and this book about government finances i 'm reading for exams next week tell me that lowering taxes means less income for the state . 
  on what source are you claiming lowering taxes can mean more total income for the state ? 
  are you claiming that lowering taxes means that people can spend more money , and thus buy more products that can be , guess what , taxed so the state gets more income ? 
  fine . 
  almost always . 
  otherwise every country in the world would be lowering taxes right now . 
  eurozone wants greece to not go bankrupt . 
  while i do agree that they may be too harsh , what you are proposing does n't seem to fix any problem . 
  lower taxes ? 
  greece government is already neck deep in debts , why should it increase ? 
  lower taxes always means less income for the state . 
  and it is the state that needs that money . 
  the debt from the generations before you wo n't magically disappear when you lower the taxes . 
  explain please, 
  to be fair i think there is a realistic chance the loans won \u00b4 t be fully paid at all . 
  it will just be delayed until the european people have forgotten about the greeks debt so there won \u00b4 t be a huge outrage . 
  no , spending money that wasn \u00b4 t there destroyed the greek economy . 
  decades of doing that isn \u00b4 t going to go away in just a few years . 
  i never claimed that i know for sure it will be a disaster . 
  i just think it is very likely . 
  but i will reserve my final judgement for 2020 .
