  was n't there some court ruling in the hague ? 
  there is still a lot to be done before scotland can seriously consider leaving the uk for the eu . 
  beautiful picture . 
  but it feels like it 's aimed a bit too high, 
  til, 
  i guess i used a literal translation from the dutch word . 
  i mean block as in the second definition . 
  a special alliance , meant to make a fist against other alliances . 
  would you mind giving more details . 
  you seem to know what you are talking about , and i 'm quite interested . 
  also , i agree on how countries should unify . 
  unfortunately history shows a common enemy is the best unifier . 
  i guess making compromises is easier when there is the fear of losing everything . 
  shame it is to late for the uk to unify within the eu . 
  lets hope we can me a good deal with them, 
  the push that the eu needs to unify more . 
  if turkey + russia becomes a real thing eu countries will realise that they will need to make a strong block against it . 
  might even give a push to the start of an eu army , if turkey leaves nato, 
  for the same reasons turkish politicians are commenting on the west in a negative way . 
  votes, 
  blow you career ? 
  if you manage to write a good story ( backed with good sources and proof ) about how there is 1 guy censoring media , you will be set for life . 
  put down your tinfoil hat will you, 
  why is it so low for belgium ? 
  all their neighbours are big users , but they barely have any services . 
  do they use dutch/french ones ? 
  though using these numbers would give quite a different colour map . 
  make it proportionally for bonus points, 
  no i 'm just saying there was influence . 
  was n't much , but it was there . 
  europeans ( both directly and indirectly ) influenced the situation , usa pulled the trigger . 
  i think the safest way to say it is that japanese culture has been one of the most isolated cultures in human history , it only recently opened up to the world . 
  but when they opened up they did in a world dominated by european countries ( + usa ) . 
  to say those powers had no influence from then on would be a mistake . 
  ( european countries did fund a civil war ), 
  i agree , there are red lines that should n't be crossed . 
  and since the usa has the biggest army it is n't that weird people look at them first . 
  they have been the champion of freedom for many years . 
  however , it 's a big fucking job trying to make sure humans are globally protected against genocide and other crimes against humanity . 
  mistakes were made , and now the usa wants to give up . 
  and who can blame them ? 
  is it really their job to create and uphold global peace ? 
  to keep protecting the world against monsters ? 
  many of their wars have failed and the people are sick and tired of it . 
  america is heading back to the way they used to be . 
  an isolated continent that only cares about their own well being . 
  but alas , that phase will pass as well . 
  `` my favourite colour is blue '' is a fact . 
  not an opinion . 
  because you ca n't prove it wrong . 
  `` the blue is the pretties colour '' is an opinion . 
  because for someone else it is n't . 
  right , so we can again draw the conclusion that opinions * can * be wrong , because if not it would be called a fact . 
   `` red is the most popular colour '' - fact ( probably ) a fact ca n't be proven wrong ... 
  there is no such thing as a personal `` fact '' . 
  it called an opinion . 
  you are using the exact definition of an opinion and are saying it 's a fact . 
  no , facts ca n't be proven wrong . 
  the earth is round . 
  that is a fact . 
  i have 2 eyes . 
  that is a fact . 
  and * after * asking the entire world what their favourite colour is i can say that red is the most popular colour and claim it 's a fact . 
  untill those people die and new ones are born . 
  the definition of a fact is that it is true . 
  if you do n't know for sure it 's true ( or ca n't back it up with hard evidence ) , than it is n't a fact . 
  edit : `` i do n't like the way the eu is run and i think democracy is really important . 
  i 'm sick of people who have nothing to do with us sticking their head in and saying stupid shit '' if you do n't like steinmeier attacking an opinion , than why do you attack other opinions ? 
  no , that guy * thinks * it could be true . 
  which means , in his opinion it could be true . 
  he might be backing it up with anecdotal data . 
   opinion ( noun )  1 . 
   a belief or judgment that rests on grounds insufficient to produce complete certainty . 
  now this was just the first one i found on google , but i 'm fairly sure all dictionaries will say the same . 
  right , but not everyone knows all the facts . 
  and some people tend to take something as a fact when it 's not . 
  the other way around too . 
  they then call what they are saying an opinion , when it 's based on false things or simply on lack of things . 
  of course you could argue that what they saying is n't an opinion , because they are clearly wrong and opinions ca n't be wrong . 
   `` you 'd be a good football player in midfield '' - fact with no evidence ( could be wrong ) how would that be a fact ??? 
  a fact is something like that we know the colour blue has a wavelength of 475nm . 
  this can be backed up by hard evidence . 
  `` you 'd be a good football player player in midfield '' ca n't be backed up with hard evidence , only with predictions that are not even due to a mathematical process . 
  facts are almost never wrong , and if wrong , could be proven wrong right now . 
  guy , if you really think opinions are always right , why do you even bother trying to convince someone else of your point of view ? 
  if an opinion was never wrong , it would be called a fact . 
  opinions can be wrong , just look at the countless conspiracy theories . 
  people believe them , so they ca n't be wrong ? 
  how can you draw the exact opposit conclusion from my comment . 
  opinions can be wrong . 
  and if i think your opinion is wrong and based on bad arguements and the consequence of that opinion influences my life , then yes i get to fucking say you are wrong , and present arguments why . 
  or do you prefer staying in an echo chamber ? 
  i mean , opinions can be wrong . 
  otherwise it would be a fact . 
  but we can choose for ourselves what we think about opinions , and this is what the german ( not eu ) president thinks . 
  and you know just as well that the un security council wil change . 
  an overwhelming majority in the world wants to . 
  the only reason no changes have happened is because nobody can agree on how to change it . 
  the uk wo n't be a `` permanent '' member forever . 
  and sure the uk has a huge industry and big international influence .
