  they certainly did n't have it easy fighting the germans . 
   and they were a much bigger threat than nato is today for the fact there were no nukes and russia was a farmland with no tech or military industry . 
  nukes ruin the whole threat thing . 
  but if we ignore nukes , 1940 russia would be more feared than 2017 russia . 
  historically russia has been much feared for it 's massive manpower . 
  that advantage is gone now . 
  there was a un security council resolution for that . 
  un decision , not nato . 
  russia agreed with it . 
  stop the propaganda friend . 
  i actually think this leak proofs the eu wants to show that they are in fact willing to change towards more transparency which would only better any democratic process . 
  it is actually the uk that wants to keep everything between closed doors . 
  perhaps to hide they can never deliver on some brexit-promises ? 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  i 'm just going to say that i absolutely love this . 
  the european version of house of cards . 
  i really hope they can keep as much transparency as possible concerning the brexit talks . 
  this shit is just way to entertaining to be kept in closed rooms . 
  ah yeah the hospital is the next street right . 
  but i might be completely wrong . 
  pay attention !, 
  i think it 's mostly meant for non british, 
  i do n't think it 's a threat ( im not reading any `` if you do this i do that '' ) , there is just a lot of emphasis on what brexit means for everyone . 
  merkel probably wants to send a clear message that the eu is going for a hard brexit too . 
  but i think most of us got the message the first time, 
  yeah that or some british officials have really thick skulls . 
  sure it 's outdated , but it really is n't that expansive . 
  they are basically a living museum , and i this it 's worth the maintenance . 
  this has to be the 10th time i read this headline . 
  our king shaves his face so we can see his glorious chin . 
  if the your military and nato is n't enough to save you from russia , nothing will be . 
  do you know how ( democratic ) countries defend their borders ? 
  it 's called the military , and there is a good reason for that . 
  what does homicide rates have to do with anything ? 
  if you are trying to argue that having a semi makes you so happy you wo n't kill anyone i 'm not sure if there is a point in arguing with you . 
  my uncle hunts animals for sport . 
  he does n't do it with a semi . 
  iirc it 's a bolt action rifle he uses . 
  he told me that you do n't need a semi for hunting . 
  which seems obvious . 
  do n't you think a semi is a total overkill when hunting for deer or birds ? 
  or do you hunt armed animals in switzerland ? 
  you 're only argument in favor of having semi 's is that you want to have them . 
  literally , that 's it . 
  you do n't need them for hunting . 
  there are other rifles for that . 
  you do n't need them for protection either , since there are other ( hand ) guns for that . 
  so keep bullshitting yourself . 
  really sad to see fellow europeans defending weapons that are only used to kill as many humans in as little time as possible . 
  just because they can be used for killing animals too , does n't excuse that part . 
  right , but in this case banning semis for private use is not an issue . 
  the issue here is your government not providing you the equipment needed to be effective . 
  alcohol would be banned if introduced today . 
  the only reason it is n't is because we see it as part of life . 
  there are plenty of other ways to have fun . 
  it does n't excuse having a murder machine in your house . 
  now lets use your logic here . 
  `` why ca n't i have landmines ? 
  they 're fun ! '' . 
  sounds a bit weird , does n't it ? 
  seriously , present me one good argument why semi 's should be legal . 
  what is the purpose of having it ? 
  it 's not for sport . 
  it 's not for protection . 
  the purpose of a semi is to kill people . 
  knifes are n't just for killing people . 
  guns , and especially semi 's , are . 
  i 'm disappointed to see so many people speaking out in favor of having fucking semi-automatic weapons . 
  i 'm glad the eu is trying to restrict access to these weapons . 
  and especially the swiss being so butthurt is laughable . 
  you 're not part of the eu . 
  this is what happens when you think you can do whatever you want on your mountain top . 
  the world moves on , and you have no power to change anything about it . 
  accept it or do n't , it does n't matter . 
  you chose for this yourselves , now sit with the consequences . 
  the group who wants it free pure for religious reasons is super small . 
  how many hardcore christians do we still have ? 
  and yes , it is still goddamn hypocritical . 
  it 's not when you do it at home within your family . 
  it is when you persuade your government to follow some dumb christian rules . 
  because again , there is no way everyone can get free on sunday . 
  no matter how much of a `` principle '' you have , it does n't fucking matter . 
  in this modern world there still is a whole lot of work to do on sunday . 
  service industry is just one example . 
  do you think ships just anchor on sunday ? 
  or trucks just stop driving ? 
  coal plants stop working ? 
  electricity stops ? 
  police forces all take a day off ? 
  fire workers wo n't be taking any calls ? 
  internet servers all go down ? 
  no , because life goes on . 
  and sundays free is n't purely religiously motivated . 
  if it was , why do some super christian countries do n't have the free sundays ? 
  all in all , yes , pro-free-sunday people are all hypocritical . 
  every single one of them , religiously motivated or not . 
  yes , hypocritical . 
  because every person who is in favor of free sundays is happy he can get first aid at the hospital , or have lunch outside the door on sunday . 
  people don \u00b4 t want free sundays for everyone , just for themselves . 
  you do n't get any extra pay for working as a waiter on a sunday .
