  but he went too far , and we should n't swipe that under the rug just because he did that little good . 
  no , but stopping mass immigration ( which is a slow process in a democracy , but is already happening ) and figuring out a way to live with muslims looks like a valid option . 
  so far no political party promoting islam or sharia law is even close to getting a sliver of power . 
  what exactly do i have to be afraid of ? 
  the chance of me getting blown up in a terrorist attack is smaller then me getting murdered when visiting the usa . 
  we have a bit less then a million muslims in our country , with a total population of about 17 million . 
  in 2011 they expected the number to rise to 1.6 m in 2050 . 
  while 1.6 million may sound like a lot , i really do n't see a way in which they will gain control of the other 90 % of the population . 
  and singling out ethnic minorities is good for stability ? 
  oh i did n't realise that was n't clear in my comment . 
  i should 've said that . 
  i was just using a very relevant example everyone knows about . 
  there are many other examples of how singling out a certain group can lead to bad things . 
  nice to know you can predict the future . 
  i was implying that by saying that there is more then just the dark path . 
  i was just claiming that it is possibility , we know history can repeat itself . 
  does n't mean that there is no other way , but it does mean we know a very wrong way . 
  i think that is reason enough the be very alarmed when people start talking again about removing an ethnic minority . 
  i will agree with you that a lot of muslims do n't share my view of the world . 
  but not all of them . 
  and you are overestimating how much of them are here . 
  after a certain thing happened in a neighboring country where people from a certain ethnic minority were singled out , i think it is a valid reason to be very careful about singling out ethnic minorities . 
  back then a lot of people were thinking the jews were ruining the country . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t mean that there is no other way of dealing with ethnic minorities , but it does mean that there is a dark path . 
  we have seen that dark path , been affected by it . 
  don \u00b4 t you think that is a valid reason to be very alarmed when people are talking about removing a ethnic minority ? 
  i \u00b4 m fairly sure most of us believe in freedom of religion . 
  i too think wilders was rightfully convicted . 
  if wilders just had said that he wants 0 refugees ( or immigrants ) i would n't have cared much about it . 
  but now he singles out a group of people ( who might be controversial in the dutch society , but that should n't matter ) and claims that we want less of them . 
  he never actually says it , but there are only a few ways of removing people from a society , and none of them are okay . 
  not to mention that many dutch people of moroccan decent have integrated just fine , and they now find themselves part of a group being singled out . 
  i ca n't believe how people still think wilders is capable of leading our country , but looking at the usa and their election , i guess people do n't really care about racism these days . 
  they just want a `` strong '' leader , who `` says what he is thinking '' . 
  that that leader has authoritarian habits doesn \u00b4 t really matter . 
  the pvv , geert wilders party , is very authoritarian . 
  the only opinions that matters is geert \u00b4 s , and everyone who has a different opinions gets kicked out . 
  every other party in the dutch political system has a democratic voting sytem for becoming party leader . 
  the pvv doesn \u00b4 t. 
  the pvv could just as well be renamed to geert wilders party . 
  our hate speech rules are just fine . 
  someone on the street yelling we should murder jews/muslims/fags / niggers deserves to be arrested . 
  or do you believe that it makes the world a better place if we let those people yell on the street ? 
  you forgot a word in your first comment , which made it have 2 meanings . 
  he thought it meant something else than what you meant , and gave a very well thought out reply . 
  you could have easily avoided that by writing a proper english sentence , so his mistake is forgivable . 
  nowhere in his comments does he attack you personally , so why u are you attacking him ? 
  rather childish , really . 
  or just a regular internet troll, 
  that flag looks so weird to me . 
  never realized miyazaki worked on this, 
  he also nationalised a ship wharf and saved a factory with government funds . 
  neither are things a neo-liberal would do, 
  true , leonardo is well known across the western world . 
  i never understood why really , he could do math , but was not on a level like newton or einstein . 
  he knew astrology , but again , did nothing of real importance . 
  we all know him as a homo universalis , but what did he actually accomplish in any of those fields ? 
  some drawings of submarines and parachutes , but he never managed to actually make any of these things . 
  and than there is the mona lisa , which i just do n't understand at all . 
  but maybe that 's just me . 
  sure , he was a creative and smart guy , but what did this guy do to deserve so much respect and recognition around the world , being put as a bigger figure than people like machiavelli , dante , galileo and than there are still the countless historic figures from the roman age ( but i can understand if people do n't see them as italian ) . 
  maybe i just do n't get it . 
  how did this guy become the face of the renaissance . 
  perhaps i missed a lesson at school . 
  really ? 
  italy has such a rich history with epic persons to choose from , and they choose a guy who barely , if at all , changed the country ? 
  a guy not even close to some of the artist from the renaissance . 
  and than there is the roman heritage ... no , i think da vinci is a horrible choice , but i can understand why people choose him . 
  the immigrants from the uk are mostly from their old colonies . 
  brexit wo n't change shit about pakis in the uk . 
  blows my mind how the people in the uk can be so delusional about that . 
  want to have a painting of a black dude on the wall ? 
  than become a fucking legend and make it happen yourself . 
  and you 'll find your african heritage in fucking africa , not in europe . 
  you 're right , it 's just that the british are a pretty large group and easily recognised by their accent , they tend to be quite loud . 
  but my uncle in law is a londoner and a pretty cool dude . 
  he lives close to amsterdam and is a fairly rich lawyer and pretty smart . 
  definitely one of the `` good '' guys , and he actually lives here and does n't come just for a crazy weekend . 
  so basically one ngo decided to sue them . 
  maybe far right parties should look for similar way to stop the migrant crisis . 
  but yeah , that would assume they are competent . 
  can you throw in some rothschild conspiracies as well ? 
  i 'm getting a bit tired of soros being the middle of every conspiracy . 
   the poll , conducted amongst over 1,000 people nationwide by red c , is released to mark europe day . 
  it finds that 88 per cent of respondents agree with the statement `` ireland should remain part of the eu '' . 
  literally the first sentence, 
  how so ? 
  this is the kind of sub that should be on default for europeans . 
  only proves to me that a senile old man has no power over his government . 
  i believe trump wants to do the things he says he will do . 
  he just ca n't . 
  notice how i say that trump wants to appease , not that the americans want to appease . 
  can someone majored in economy explain what these numbers mean , specifically the numbers from the netherlands . 
  how did we get these numbers , are they good or bad , and how do you influence then ? 
  i have no idea what im looking at . 
  netherlands can into south, 
  what do you mean with social settings ? 
  you mean seeing people use drugs ? 
  i say trump will try is because i think he is a demented grandfather living in the past and he is not going down without a fight . 
  but i say try because i don \u00b4 t think he is actually able to make a real powergrab .
