you mean pretty much for the entire world ? 
  it 's a bit naive to assume only western countries did bad things . 
  and if you prefer living in a forest without all this `` blood technology '' by all means go do it . 
  for the entire history of mankind humans have been abusing each other for more power . 
  it happened here , it happened in asia , it happened in those glorious ancient empires . 
  or did you already forget that in ancient rome and greece slaves were a very normal thing ? 
  actually , slaves were a pretty normal thing everywhere in the world , untill ( guess fucking what ) the west decided to abolish it . 
  and i can name countless other things that we would find very inhumane now , which happened all over the world . 
  yes i know my country did some pretty bad stuff back then . 
  but hey , everyone did . 
  i guess humans are n't that nice of a breed . 
  then you should 've known that we are taught about the dark pages of our history . 
  i 've read max havelaar , have you ? 
  you also seem to ignore all the innovative things the golden age brought . 
  perhaps visiting [ this page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_dutch_inventions_and_discoveries ) will help you see the positive things . 
  i had a nice wall of text , but i 'm not going to bother with someone who obviously has some personal thing against the netherlands, 
  ah yes the amazon . 
  totally heritage over with people have influence . 
  and while angkor is beautiful , it does n't prove your point at all . 
  and the netherlands rather new ? 
  older then every single country in the americas . 
  older then germany , belgium ... can list more but i do n't really want to . 
  our country was n't blessed with amazing nature . 
  our country was blessed with other things , which made our golden era in the 1600-1700 possible , which contributed a lot to the modern western world and culture . 
  a country without heritage ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  the dutch joke about the belgians , and the belgians joke about the dutch . 
  ( some take it too far but in the end we share a lot of culture ) but sorry for offending mighty switzerland . 
  just remind me what made them mighty again , i must 've forgotten . 
  i meant that of all the weed we produce here , 80 % gets exported to other countries, 
  probably has a lot to do with drugs . 
  a lot of drugs flows through our country . 
  i mean with just weed 80 % of it is exported to other countries ( where weed is illegal ) . 
  also considering we have a big harbor in rotterdam en ofcourse there is schiphol , it is very likely to assume dutch criminals are into drug traffic . 
  and with drug traffic it 's not uncommon to get arrested in foreign countries . 
  globalisation brought us some good stuff and some bad stuff . 
  and in the end we live on this world together , globalisation is bound to happen . 
  farage was n't the only one behind the brexit . 
  i was mainly aiming at bojo in the comparison, 
  unfortunately the majority of dutch people did n't bother learning what the treaty was about before voting in the referendum . 
  much like the british population they were played by some people who were trying to launch a career for themselves . 
  i remember talking to a no voter and all his arguments were based on things that had nothing to do with the treaty . 
  some even went as far as to say ` but we might make putin angry :( ' . 
  so quickly they had forgotten mh17 referendums are a stupid idea and i hope soon our country will realize that . 
  i doubt even 1 % of the eu citizens know there is a trade deal going in with canada, 
  it 's not about punishing . 
  it 's about getting the best deal . 
  do you really think eu companies give a shit about the british population ? 
  all big companies ever cared about is more money . 
  you really think that 's going to change with the brexit ? 
  you honestly fucking think all eu citizens are just waiting for their chance to throw a stone at the uk ? 
  and is everyone in the eu elite now ? 
  and bully behaviour ? 
  you can fuck off with putting yourself in the victim position . 
  no one forced you to do a brexit . 
  you decided yourself . 
  do n't like the consequences ? 
  shame, 
  i 'm not saying artist should starve to death just so i can have a nice painting . 
  artists will always have the freedom to decide for themselves for how much they sell . 
  though i believe making art should start as a hobby so you are n't forced to oversell just so you can eat . 
  i 'd just like to live in a world where i do n't have to pay thousands for some painting . 
  the thing with art is , is that is is worth nothing to some and everything to others . 
  art has no set value . 
  for me 490 a pic is way to much , but maybe there is some rich guy somewhere who likes a pic who sees and can buy it . 
  personally i 'm very much against putting high prices on art . 
  you should n't want to get rich by art , there are other way easier ways of getting rich . 
  art should be accessible for everyone , not just for the rich . 
  i wish i was able to afford some nice paintings/pictures but i ca n't , so i 'll just wait until i can, 
  well de telegraaf is known for sensationalism . 
  quality papers here are trouw , nrc and de volkskrant . 
  i went there a couple year back . 
  great place to go , mexicans there were very friendly and there are some cool pyramids in the area irrc, 
  guess it flew right over my head , 
  as far as i know they speak swedish in sweden and dutch in the netherlands, 
  not every conflict has to be solved with armed forces . 
  there is such a thing as diplomacy . 
  i \u00b4 m not saying america should sent more military to asia . 
  just that they use their diplomatic power to protect the weaker countries in this world . 
  any war between china and the usa would very quickly become ww3 and that is not something i want . 
  so because america made some bad decisions in the pas ( iraq-afghanistan ) for which they get criticized you want to bury your head in the sand and pretend the rest of the world does n't exist . 
  look , i 'd like my country to stand up against china , but we are way to small do anything . 
  and europe is too divided to pose a real threat to china . 
  not to mention there already is russia at european borders . 
   sure . 
  it 's not like we can stop it . 
  if they 're going to be the hegemon in the next century i 'd like to be on their good side . 
  that is exactly what most of europe said about nazi-germany when they starting annexing stuff . 
  the world does n't work like that , people ( countries too , since they are ruled by people ) will always want more . 
  also very nice of you to ignore my questions about the other allies in that region . 
  are you ok with china starting a new empire ? 
  just letting them grow untill it is too late ? 
  the usa has some other allies in that region ( australia , japan and south-korea just to name a few ) . 
  should they just be left to fend for themselves ? 
  yeah , except it would send a signal to china that they can do whatever they want . 
  why would they stop at the philippines ? 
  because they wo n't if no one tries to stop them . 
  and only superpower like usa can do it at the moment , eu is too divided to make a stance . 
  also , duterte wo n't be leading the philippines forever ( i hope ) . 
  is n't china trying to `` steal '' parts of philippines ocean territories ?
