  just because nazis did it on a way bigger scale does n't mean it 's ok for serbs to do it, 
  we dutch have heard a lot about srebrenica . 
  our government collapsed for what happened there . 
  but i guess you are right about the rest . 
  guess some people were just fed up with what was happening . 
  many dutch soldiers still commit suicide and have heavy ptsd from the shit they saw there . 
  it 's part of the story , but srebrenica did happen . 
  you might want to read my comment all the way through, 
  from what i 've read the french cavalry consisted of nobles and knights . 
  they wanted the honour of charging in first . 
  during that time , those charges were usually enough the break and rout enemy lines . 
  perhaps they got greedy and thought the hill would n't change much . 
  or the sight of the english bowman triggered them . 
  who knows . 
  there is actually another video ( of the same content creator ) where some flemish rebels wreck the french cavalry . 
  it 's crazy actually since the rebels were losing the battle untill the french infantry gets called back so that the cavalry could charge and get their honour . 
  so i remembered it wrong . 
  turns out , some adjustments have been made but its not enough so both austria and the netherlands will be suing germany over it . 
  funny thing is that the netherlands had the exact same issue , took the germans to court and won iirc . 
   only 43 % of voters voted on them last election ( yet they won with a supermajority ) . 
  43 % is an insane amount . 
  very few parties inside europe even get close to that number . 
  not single dutch party ever got close to that number . 
  43 % means that half of the country voted for him . 
  half !!!, 
  lmao there are literally only germans in this thread , all of them begging the austrians to stop the toll road . 
  i once had to explain to an american where germany was ... 
  did you see this coming , let say , 10 years ago ? 
  it 's hard to predict the future friend . 
  no one expected these millions coming to europe . 
  there was no need for a hard border back than . 
  so , v4 countries do n't want to accept muslim refugees . 
  i think they should have the right to choose who lives between their borders . 
  on the other hand , the refugees they should accept are the ones that are already in europe ( italy , greece ) . 
  what is going to happen with those refugees ? 
  no one wants them . 
  are we just going to throw them back in the sea ? 
  perhaps the v4 countries could make some legislation that makes it possible to deport them . 
  the problem is not going to disappear if you close your eyes and pretend it does n't exist . 
  you ca n't expect germany to do everything . 
  they did n't create the refugee problem . 
  and the eu does so much for v4 countries . 
  try to help us out here . 
  find a creative solution . 
  i think forcing us away from us means we will get closer to china . 
  as long as russia keeps annexing land relations between them and eu wo n't get better . 
  we will fight the sea and we will be victorious, 
  all 3 members of nato . 
  so yes , they are hostile against russia . 
  ( nato 's official stance on russia is `` enemy '' ) and i meant europe , not eu . 
  you wo n't find a single friendly nation in eu . 
  just 2 neutral ones , ireland and austria . 
  and both of them agreed on sanctions against russia . 
  which is a hostile act . 
  i 'm not talking about the population here , but about the government . 
  name me 3 countries ( outside of belarus ) that are n't hostile against russia . 
  well the way russia has been behaving you could name 5 random countries in europe and they will all be hostile against russia . 
  i was referring to western europe , not just my country . 
  edit : nice username . 
  mate , western europe has fought against and conquered almost the entire globe . 
  according to your logic , all those countries will have an eternal casus belli on us . 
  that includes the middle east btw . 
  i mean , guess it 's fine those muslim terrorist attack europe . 
  after all , we invaded them multiple times . 
  use your fucking brains, 
  you just proved his point lol, 
  perhaps because some believe in peaceful ways of getting independence ? 
  what 's the point of blowing stuff up for crimes committed years ago . 
  if the irish people want to be united again and be free of british reign , the diplomatic path is now easier than ever . 
  there is no excuse for another attack . 
  choose the peaceful path to independence . 
  ugh i seached for it and it puts shame on us, 
  well you could try to find a job at an oil company like shell . 
  we are quite used to islamic names here , though i should warn you that many people are really starting to become racist against muslims ( but you wo n't find those people at good paying jobs ) . 
  however , we do respect those that follow our social norms and speak our language . 
  but it 's not true that we judge arab looking people on their islamic name ( edit , actually this is not really true for a lot of people , a study has actually pointed at that people with islamic names tend to have a harder time getting job offers , which is why you should only move here if you already have a job offer ) . 
  those who do are mostly farmers who never even spoke to a muslim . 
  but we do judge those that do not follow our social norms . 
  it might be stormy times to be a muslim in europe , but in the end we do believe in freedom of religion . 
  modern , well educated muslims are still welcome here . 
  however , people see the uneducated fundamentalist muslims and think all muslims are like that . 
  and especially the second generation immigrant tend to be like that . 
  come here and prove those people wrong . 
  however , you wo n't be able to escape the racism . 
  there will be days you notice it . 
  on those days , you got ta remember , fuck those people , you are a good person no matter what other people think of you . 
  this time we are all in it together , on the same side . 
  but i do n't think bulgaria will be doomed to stay a `` redneck state '' . 
  i do n't think any country in europe can even become a `` redneck state '' . 
  too much culture here , and especially bulgaria has a very rich history . 
   `` motivate your friends '' not gon na work , such `` inspirational '' quotes are seen in a rather cynical way . 
  guilty of that myself . 
  not with that attitude . 
  but i get your point . 
  one of my friends is from romania and he told me stories of how shit goes down there . 
  corruption everywhere . 
  smart romanians leaving the country . 
  but the call of the home country is strong . 
  many will return , after getting their degree and perhaps some start capital in somewhere else in the eu . 
  just keep hanging in there , buddy .
