  try to compare it with british culture and come back to me . 
  - share political ties . 
  maybe the only point true here . 
  if britain was n't the us lapdog and had some backbone we would n't have had that illegal war in irak/afghanistan . 
  - share familial ties to the point where our populations are literally related you know that britain was n't the only one to send people to the new world ? 
  how arrogant can you be ? 
  and many of the colonies were stolen from other countries , who had already colonized it with their own population . 
  - share our values name any that is exclusively between britain and any of the colonies . 
  funny thing is that countries with multiple party system ( through proportional voting ) tend to have more populist over countries where only 2 parties reign, 
  i have the pro \u00b4 s and con \u00b4 s explained in another post in this thread . 
  but if you want to know what corporatism basically is ; it 's when your government heavily engages with the top companies and unions of a certain field when they are making laws about said field . 
  the expertise of the companies and unions helps with setting good laws . 
  it leads to less unemployment and more income equality . 
  the downside is that it is not a transparent process and has a `` elitist '' flavour . 
  in the netherlands unions can have a lot of influence over the government . 
  however , the reverse is true as well , so there is a healthy balance of power . 
  for example , our famous `` akkoord van wassenaar '' was a result negotiations between the government and the unions which resulted in `` the dutch miracle '' in 1982 , ending our crisis . 
  hating the germans for the war is mostly a thing of the past . 
  the war has been quite some time ago now and wounds have healed . 
  i don \u00b4 t know anyone who hates germans today . 
  edit : except when its about football 1974 never forget, 
  we love you too germany . 
  please do n't invade us again . 
  sad indeed . 
  it turns people away from politics when they should get more involved in it . 
  fight corruption from the inside . 
  people losing faith in the system only helps these corrupt politicians . 
  yes and with hooligans you send the police to force them to act normally . 
  you do n't use it as an excuse to justify a travel ban on all football supporters . 
  holy shit a few rocks thrown and some cars set on fire . 
  that 'd never happen with white people . 
  hmm ? 
  never heard of them . 
  might be true , but fabricating stuff will only open doors that should stay closed . 
  every form a fascism promoted a corporatism economic system . 
  make a wild fucking guess how the netherlands got corporatism . 
  hint , it was the nazis . 
  however , it turns out it actually has advantages , as the research proved . 
  there are disadvantages too but it would be naive to disregard it just becaused fascism like the idea of corporatism . 
  no he did n't . 
  research have proven the following about corporatism : corporatist or intergrated economics are in general superior to pluralist economies with regard to low unemployment , price stabilty , more income equality and industrial peace . 
  no positive impact is discernible with regard to economic growth . 
  ( ... ) the conclusion must therefore be that negotiation democracy has a number of advantages . 
  it appears not to be inferior to majoritarian democracy in governing the economy or in creating a society where woman and minorities get a fair share . 
  on the other hand , negotiation democracy has a number of disadvantages . 
  frequently it is slow and cumbersone , prone to deadlock and joint decision traps . 
  often the democratic proces is not transparent and has an ` elitist ' flavour . 
  ~ armingeon 2002 , p. 164-165, 
  in the netherlands we have this thing called corporatism . 
  works perfectly fine in a democracy . 
  i disagree , fabricating something would only empower anti-establishment . 
  iirc the things are n't actually hand grenades , but just classified as such . 
  yeah the single currency is a problem . 
  there are basically 2 solutions for it . 
  start integrating eu more so trade surpluses in germany/netherlands do n't automatically fuck southern countries . 
  eu needs to become federal state like the usa to counter the problems of a single currency . 
  get rid of the euro and implement new euro , maybe something like northern euro and southern euro . 
  however , this is still a bad solution because what do yo do with france ? 
  going back to every country having it 's own coin is a solution too , but with very big costs . 
  you 'd think i could move to the us now , without anything higher then high school diploma , and have a successful life just because i 'm 100 % white ? 
  and do i get to pay lower health care costs for being white too ? 
  why do people in america confuse class with skin colour ? 
  well you ca n't really compare 2 cities and say russia is better . 
  i was mostly looking at gdp per capita and gni , at which poland beats russia in both of them . 
  true , but there is no way you can pay the money back , ever . 
  as long as that debt is hanging above greece like the sword of damocles it 's going to have negative effects on the greece economy . 
  it 's just too much money and not enough people in greece . 
  if japan had access to the same amount of high quality iron/steel they would 've had the same swords . 
  a katana is only going to break once you hit it against heavy armor . 
  but japanese people could n't make heavy armor because lack of iron/steel, 
  to be fair living standards in poland are better then in russia . 
  and that gap seems to be rising in poland 's favor in the next couple years . 
  but poland has about 1/5 of russia population , so without the eu backing poland they would n't have much of a chance against russia . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  the enormous austerity in greece could 've easily been avoided . 
  but only if the government made some unpopular decisions in the decades before the crisis , which they did n't want to do . 
  so i agree that the austerity in greece now is bad . 
  it will not help the country . 
  but for greece to become healthy again , they will need a lot of money from the rest of the eu . 
  money that will not be returned . 
  and there lies the real problem . 
  no politician wants to tell its population that their tax money will go to greece , with no hope of getting it back . 
  it 's a real shitty situation for greece . 
  but once optimism starts rising through the eu , perhaps politicians will get the balls to make unpopular decisions . 
  but right now , with anti-eu sentiment rising , it seems very unlikely greece gets to see any real help in the near future . 
  in my country , if we were to hear that greece needs more money that we wont be seeing back , geert wilders and his pvv will only get more and more votes . 
  same for le pen in france . 
  and who knows what elections we have next year ? 
  i do n't get this hate against austerity . 
  we do n't live in a world with unlimited resources . 
  we need some austerity every once in a while to cut on unnecessary spending . 
  there is nothing wrong with wanting a healthy budget first before you start expanding your debt . 
  and the problem for greece is that it is a political problem . 
  just try telling your people that greece needs a fuckload of our tax money , for free . 
  just because they thought they could cheat the system . 
  greece is what happens when you do n't have some austerity every once in a while . 
  you get it forced upon you , in a form that is much worse then it would 've been had they been more responsible all those decades before . 
  it 's to much of a hassle to happen . 
  and why would we want those dirty french speaking walloons in my government, 
  taxes are different .
