  did they stop ? 
  or did they just keep on annexing what they could until someone stopped them ? 
  if russia decides to invade and annex eastern europe , it 's only a matter of time before they end up at the border of germany . 
  yeah , been using it or a while and i 'm pretty happy with it . 
  why the fuck are some countries so low ??? 
  have people forgotten history so quickly ? 
  do people not care about all the pacts and unions we made with eastern europe ? 
  will they just let them rot if russia ever decides to invade eastern europe ? 
  1939 is n't even a 100 years ago , and this is just one of the many example that teaches you that countries will only stop going to war when they rule the world . 
  if russia goes full retard and decides to annex easter europe again , how long before they try to push it a little further . 
  it will always end up in total war anyway , so might as well try to stop it as early as possible . 
  but really , countries being in eu and nato should be enough to always back up each other in a defensive war . 
  fucking cowards . 
  expats and tourists, 
  if uk peaced out , usa ( and other uk allies ) would never join . 
  alrighty then, 
  truth is soviets liberated nothing . 
  but they were pretty important when beating the nazi 's . 
  though america was very important too . 
  and without the uk the russians would probably lose . 
  the most important countries that won the war are in my opinion : 1 . 
  you 're sitting at the tables ? 
  reserve your judgement untill the deal is public . 
  but something like this could be the basis for a new language . 
  over time new words get added , pronounciation changes , local dialects will be created which will slowly change into different languages and some linguist in the future will think it 's a good idea to create a pan slavic language . 
  i was close , but then i remembered i had to study . 
  i bet you $ 10 that you 're wrong, 
  the miracle of using bikes as transportation, 
  is n't turkey technically at war in syria ? 
  it surprises me how much the netherlands is mentioned . 
  grass is always greener in your neighbours yard, 
  yeah lol weird time measurement . 
  perhaps i should read the article to see if they mean something else, 
  so appeasing to muslims makes you anti-gay ? 
  does appeasing to christians also make you anti-gay ? 
  are all cda voters hypocrites now too ? 
  but i get your point . 
  appeasing to the labour class and muslim class at the same time does n't work . 
  though they have similar jobs and income , their cultures just don '' t mix . 
  however , the labour left needs those dreamers and intellectuals . 
  without it you end up with people like corbyn . 
  wether that is good or bad you get to decide . 
  half of the netherlands belges and the other half german frisians ? 
  i 'm so triggered right now, 
  that 's true , but there is a loophole in wto rules which makes it possible for the biggest trade blocs to start imposing sanctions . 
  iirc what happens is that the bigger bloc are n't scared of sanctions against them as it will always hurt the smaller blocs more . 
  while i 'm very glad that the brits liberated us , it 's kind of irrelevant for the current situation . 
  and you might as well look at what the brits have done in history , you have been quite the warmongers yourself , among the biggest in history even . 
  is there any country you guys did n't go to war with ? 
  and here i am , still an average guy at 183 . 
  it does make sense , but i think germany would n't like it . 
  geographically germany would be a great spot for a military hq , but france would n't like it . 
  and having the hq in brussels does n't sound like the best option either , with the hq of the ( political ) eu already being there . 
  the big problem of the military hq is that everyone wants it , and you ca n't really have it in the big powers of the eu ( too much concentration of power ) . 
  my idea would either be italy , spain or the netherlands . 
  austria could work too . 
  the sphere of influence the dutch empire had was much , much bigger though . 
  congo was landlocked , while the dutch controlled the seas at their height . 
  ah i actually did n't know that, 
  i used `` small '' , because it was small compared to what colonial powers like france , spain , portugal , the netherlands and gb had . 
  the '' '' is supposed to mean that small is relative . 
  i used `` small '' , because it was small compared to what colonial powers like france , spain , portugal , the netherlands and gb had . 
  the '' '' is supposed to mean that small is relative . 
  congo was the kings private land . 
  so not really a colony . 
  not to mention 1 `` small '' piece of land in the middle of africa does n't make you a colonial power . 
  belgium was never a colonial power . 
  juncker is like suarez . 
  pretty good at what he does , but sometimes he just does some unnecessary bullshit . 
   oh nice , the `` children are starving in africa '' argument . 
  top notch . 
  i think it \u00b4 s more like `` the only place with better living standards is north america '' . 
  look , they 're just threats . 
  part of negotiating . 
  when you are the bigger economy , this is how you do it . 
  uk can not accept wto rules . 
  eu knows this . 
  so they use this fear to get want they want . 
  uk is trying to do the same with stuff like their major spying shit , the eu does n't want to lose acces to that information . 
  found the american, 
  juncker is like suarez . 
  really good at his job , but sometimes you hate him for his nasty things . 
  yeah , corbyn is a putin-apologist , wants to get rid of all nuclear weapons , is considered radical left and really just seems to be living in a different universe . 
  merkel will 100 % prefer dealing with may . 
  yes they did . 
  multiple times . 
  georgia and chechnya for example . 
  what laws ? 
  the same international `` laws '' russia breaks all the time ? 
  the trick western countries did with the unsc resolution was that they abused it . 
  there is a thing with diplomatic language that makes it possible to do that . 
  yeah i remember the russians being mad that the western countries abused to resolution . 
  but that was n't the point . 
  it was a un decision . 
  not nato . 
  no nato article was invoked . 
  actually , it is n't hard to tell . 
  maybe for casuals like you and me ( because we can get influenced by propaganda ) , but not for professionals . 
   the russians got up and kicked in germanys head in ww2 without much posing what ? 
  the russians lost millions there .
