  at least it can \u00b4 t get worse , 
  well he has said multiple times that he wants to make innovation easier in france and loosen up the tight french economy . 
  i guess we will have to wait and see , he ca n't do everything at the same time . 
  but is n't this one of the things macron wants to change ? 
  i thought it was his big thing , reforming the french taxes and bureaucracy . 
  usa has like 85.000 rapes a year , and those are only the ones reported to the police . 
  maybe try to fix those numbers first before you start creating retarded strawmans . 
  its treason , than . 
  it could be translated to `` the young '' which was probably used to differentiate between a father and son with the same name . 
  so just because there is a very , very minor chance that ukraine joins the eu in the far future ( it wo n't happen because russia ) we should just ignore them forever ? 
  you are using a fallacy as argument as to why we should n't have a trade agreement with ukraine . 
  you ca n't let something that might happen in 50 years steer the decisions you make today in such a huge way . 
  by driving a car , i might get into a deadly accident . 
  according to your logic , i should never drive a car , just because it might die in a horrible accident . 
  so i used to think that global warming would turn my country in a nice tropical country . 
  however , some articles i 've read recently seemed to indicated that global warming will affect the gulf stream and instead of making the netherlands nice and warm it would turn us into canada . 
  germans care about privacy . 
  oh yeah i can definitely see that americans would choose uk over germany , and perhaps the few personam anektdotes scewed my view of americans , but why is japan more liked than germany ? 
  i get the geopolitics of having an ally there , but culturally it 's the sun and the moon between you guys and japan . 
  though , i have lived in japan for a couple years and they are absolutely crazy about american pop culture . 
  really ? 
  whenever i talk to americans , they seem to love germany too . 
  and italy . 
  and spain . 
  they seem to love any european country that they could find at the map . 
  but americans liking japan more than germany ? 
  perhaps some weebs , but most normal people seem to prefer germany . 
  remember , many immigrants in america are from german descent . 
  also i 'm 100 % sure that if you ask 100000 americans wether they would want a free trip to italy or a free trip to japan most of them pick italy . 
  it looks like social media gave these refugees a very wrong view of how life in europe is . 
  did no one ever teach them that everything on facebook is fake ? 
  life always looks better when you make a happy pic in nice weather . 
  it 's not the first time i read stories about people from refugee country being surprised by how life in europe actually is . 
  in a interview i read a young somali boy was extremely surprised when he found out people in the netherlands usually get a job at age 15 . 
  how can a country that is so rich and can send so much stuff to them have their people work at age 15 , he asked . 
  they do n't seem to understand that perhaps we are rich * because * we work at age 15 , and we keep working all our life . 
  as the articles says , these people are following a dream . 
  they will never get the life they want . 
  life is n't free in europe . 
  you need a job and you 'll have to work hard , just like the rest of us . 
  and as a first generation refugee , you are not doing it for yourself . 
  you are doing it for your children . 
  ah well economic predictions all suck anyway . 
  it 's too hard to predict irrational beings like us . 
  ah right , the classic `` i can hide within my own borders ! '' . 
  yes you can . 
  but if history proves anything , it proves that unless you are on a island or within a mountain , you 're not safe . 
  so you might want to move to uk or switzerland if you want to hide . 
   the best romans emperors ( trajan , hadrian , constantine , diocletian ) were n't from rome . 
  you gon na skip augustus there or do you know something that i do n't ? 
  if you dont mind russia being the boss of europe, 
  ottomans were n't pulled into that war , they went because their leaders wanted to go to war . 
  iirc their military commander enver pasha actively campaigned to make that war happen . 
  `` place that we could annex '' would be better fitting . 
  no they joined because they had imperialistic leaders like everyone else in europe , and they were looking for glory and a bigger empire . 
  the balkans were no threat to the ottomans . 
  right , but then you come back to the balance of power question . 
  britain was n't going to let germany become a monster on the continent . 
  they would have joined the war at some point , perhaps in a similar fashion as the americans . 
  apples and oranges . 
  ww1 was going to happen . 
  pacts or not . 
  why do you think the ottomans joined ? 
  they had no pact . 
  i doubt that the war would have been smaller . 
  everyone was looking for an excuse to go to war . 
  they wanted to test their brand new armies and weapons . 
  germany would have started a war ( against russia ) for sure . 
  without the pacts they would have had a much better chance of winning the war . 
  but then you get to the question about balance of power . 
  what would happen if germany invaded russia ? 
  without a pact france would n't join . 
  or would they ? 
  they might have seen it as a good chance to get back territories that were lost to germany . 
  so good chance they 'd join anyway , with or without pact . 
  so next up is uk . 
  would they join ? 
  uk did n't want a super power at the continent . 
  divide and conquer was their tactic . 
  germany becoming even stronger was not something the uk was looking forward too . 
  so yeah , even without those pacts , the war would still happen . 
  remember , everyone wanted that war when it happened . 
  i would n't blame ww1 solely on military pacts . 
  what would have changed if there were less pacts ? 
  everyone wanted to go to war anyway . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  you think fucking china will intervene ? 
  how ignorant can you be . 
  china will side with the winners , and that would be russia . 
  but the question is n't about how likely it is to happen . 
  it 's about what you would want to do when it happens . 
  if russia gets the chance to annex countries involved in eu and nato ( like estonia ) without repercussions they wo n't stop . 
  they will keep pushing until it 's either war or they annexed all they could . 
  would you be ok with russia controlling all of eastern europe ? 
  if the answer is no , than you should intervene the first time it 's possible . 
  and not after they already annexed it all . 
  it 's not the connection i 'm talking about . 
  it 's about what happens after russia annex eastern europe . 
  what happened after hitler annexed austria ? 
  or after japan took some islands before ww2 ?
