  erdogan will spin this to his people in turkey to make it seem we are nazis . 
  our government will use this to boost their voting numbers in the upcoming elections . 
  the losers here ? 
  the dutch-turks living here . 
  they are being used by erdogan as a political tool . 
  this retarded action of erdogan will only isolate them more and more . 
  it will generate more hate towards these people . 
  protecters of turks . 
  sad . 
  equal treatment ? 
  we do n't send ministers to turkey to spew propaganda and hate during a rally . 
  and we do n't want ministers from foreign countries to do it here . 
  sounds equal to me . 
  an astonishing amount of dutch people agree with the government here . 
  right now there is a protest were turks ( most likely all of them born in the netherlands ) are waving the turkish flag during a demonstration . 
  and chanting stuff in turkish . 
  these people are born here . 
  they live here . 
  they have dutch nationality . 
  if they want to stay in the netherlands why are they still into politics of a country they never even lived in . 
  if they want to go to a rally they are free to go to turkey . 
  equal treatment . 
  there are 2 sides needed for that . 
  erdogan will not cooperate . 
  so why should we ? 
  it 's our fucking country . 
  not theirs . 
  he tried defusing . 
  in the official dutch statement you can read that they tried to compromise with erdogan , but that he refused . 
  he even threatened with sanctions before our government had even decided to do anything . 
  after these threats our government decided you ca n't negotiate with dictators and decided to take a hard stance . 
  erdogan tried real hard to piss our government off , and it worked . 
  he also pissed of our entire population ( except the turks living here that support him ) . 
  so far our government has done nothing illegal concerning international laws/treaties . 
  this is how diplomatic games are played . 
  and concerning pvv methods , remember that the pvv wants to ban the islam and make it a forbidden religion . 
  so yes , i still prefer the current solution . 
  yes . 
  we used to keep track of someones religion/race . 
  after the war we stopped that . 
  any ruling party would take this opportunity to boost voting numbers . 
  not to mention doing nothing would have decimated them . 
  do n't forget we have elections next wednesday and all parties are really close to each other . 
  also realise that our government has been seen as weak after the mh17 incident . 
  erdo\u011fan gave rutte no choice . 
  doing nothing would have resulted in massive win for the pvv . 
  would that be the better alternative ? 
  i prefer the current solution . 
  while there are more parties that spoke out against islam , there is no denying that the pvv is the anti-islam party in the netherlands . 
  people vote for wilders for this exact reason . 
  if you ask 100 dutch people what they think the anti-islam party in the netherlands is , do n't you think most of them will say the pvv ? 
  i mean , they want to forbid the quran and close down mosques . 
  how much more anti-islam can you get ? 
  bend now , a couple days before the election ? 
  impossible , unless rutte wants the pvv to become the biggest party . 
  even after the elections it would be risky to bend over . 
  rutte has n't forgotten how much people disliked the way he handled mh17 . 
  he wo n't make that mistake twice . 
  he also gave our government what they wanted . 
  with our election next wednesday this has been a great chance for our pm to show strength . 
  i 'm fairly sure rutte is feeling real lucky to have this opportunity before such important elections . 
  this thing could literally make his party the biggest again . 
  so yeah all erdo\u011fan did was give our government some free pr they desperately needed . 
  our population will support the decision our government made . 
  no one here cares if erdo\u011fan manages to spin the story to make eu look evil to his people . 
  which is a result of the germans having a very easy time finding the jews thanks to our obsession of keeping track of things . 
  not to mention that many dutch have always felt some sort of kinship with the germans which made collaborating easier . 
  you might want to look up the reason why erdogan called us nazi 's . 
  hint : it 's because the government is taking actions to stop the foreign minister from keeping his rally . 
  what i hear from friends who consider voting for pvv ( i 'm 24 ) they say that it 's the only party who speaks out against islam ( some people here severely distrust islam and feel like it has no place in our culture ) . 
  an other reason is because they feel like the elite has failed and wilders is the `` fuck you '' vote . 
  wilders is not a classical fascist , but sometimes gets damn close to being one . 
  to be fair while 150k seems like nothing compared to american election campaigns , it 's quite some money here since our campaigns are very cheap ( irrc very few parties spend more than a couple million ) . 
  but still , there is a bit of a overreaction . 
  not according to the russians , they are still heavily invested in tanks, 
  they are n't forced , they are free to return to wherever they come from . 
  there are those who truly just want to start a new life , or just need a place to be safe while they wait for their home to be safe to return to . 
  it might be an anecdote , but the one syrian i met here ( he fled damascus and started working at the restaurant i work at here ) wanted to return to syria as soon as he could . 
  he just was afraid of getting drafted for assad 's army as he severely opposed assad . 
  it was a pretty chill dude and actually very western like in his ways . 
  a shame the racist chef cook we have could n't keep his mouth shut and bullied him away . 
  who knows ? 
  i know my government is willing to make compromises , as our entire system is build on making compromises . 
  our borders being secured is actually something that i would see happening . 
  we do n't want those refugees either . 
  however , democracies are slow , and especially the eu is really slow in taking decisions . 
  i just hope that a compromise can be made , and that nothing is forced on a country . 
  strengthening our border ( which i want to happen , just like many other western europeans ) would keep future refugees away , but they wont make the current ones disappear . 
  and the big fucking problem is that every eu country want those refugees to just disappear . 
  i can understand that the richer eu countries should contribute more towards this problem . 
  as you said , many eastern european countries still deal with a lot of poverty . 
  why should refugees get priority over poor bulgarians ? 
  perhaps the costs of such a thing could be payed for by eu funds . 
  if every country would contribute ( accordingly to how rich they are ) towards such a fund we might just find a solution . 
  of course , bulgaria and any other ee country is free to find a legal way of sending those refugees back where they came from . 
  this , however , is actually very difficult because of international treaties we just can \u00b4 t ignore . 
  so your solution is give us money and some time and we give the money back . 
  can we really trust the greece government to do that , after they have being lying about this exact thing for decades ? 
  the borders are closed now , barely any refugees are arriving via land route . 
  however , stopping those boats going to greece/italy turned out to be very difficult .
