  laws are different . 
  to form a new state a lot needs to change , and i doubt many are willing to do so . 
  yes and then we add france and italy too , and some eastern european states . 
  baltics can join too . 
  and let 's not forget about portugal and spain !, 
  we could all join in some sort of ... union . 
  union of europeans perhaps ? 
  the guy is just a classic `` i know the real truth , but you are going to have to believe me because i say so '' guy . 
  literally all he said was `` you are all misled '' and `` there are legitimate concerns '' but then he fails to provide any information on those points . 
  even 7 hours later ... 
  so i think it safe to say this is just some conspiracy thinker in the wild . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  i hate to break it to you , but reddit users are generally quite young . 
  now lets see what the young europeans want . 
  oh , they have a majority that is pro-eu ? 
  jeez , who would 've thought that that would end up making the people of this sub generally pro eu ? 
  not you that 's for sure . 
  this sub is generally pro-eu and pro- controlled ( you forgot this ) immigration . 
  yeah i know , right ? 
  thankfully i was able to talk some sense into her, 
  from my position it seems unlikely . 
  the eu ( and thus the single market ) brought a huge amount of prosperity , peace and well being . 
  it falling apart would wreck europe apart and i 'm pretty sure no one wants that . 
  but if it would happen i 'd be really fucking pissed and i would move to another part of the world . 
  a europe that is n't united will go to war with each other and i do n't want to be part of that . 
  well before ww2 europeans had a very long history of killing each other so who knows what ww3 would do, 
  a big clean modern city with tropical weather, 
  while there are people that buy into the fear campaign , most europeans realise that the chance of getting caught in a terrorist attack is very very very small . 
  actually , i met this south african girl who was getting pretty scared . 
  it blew my mind because my country is still in every single way one of the safest in the world . 
  so tldr , europe is one of the safest places on earth . 
  do n't be scared . 
  well i 'd say it depends on who you are asking , but most of the people here identify themselves by their country first . 
  i identify myself as a dutch citizen first , and as a european second . 
  never seen it before , what a wonderful representation, 
  i 'm quite a stoner but i have always been scared of taking my superior dutch weed with me whenever i fly to other ( eu ) countries . 
  wish i could just take some with me without having to worry . 
  but if the police in spain is chill like this who knows maybe i 'll try it some day . 
  how does one do that ? 
  asking for a friend, 
  and where did that source get those numbers from ? 
  they cite nothing . 
  seems very unreliable, 
  `` european federalist '', 
  i think they are mostly known for it because of ww2 . 
  in ww1 they did the same thing , but literally every single nation was using their army as cannon fodder . 
  it 's just that everyone except the russians stopped doing it after ww1 . 
  did n't the russians bail out halfway during the war because of a revolution ? 
  edit : so the russians lost about as much ( military ) men as the germans , 2 million each . 
  they just had a huge population so it seems less . 
  i 'm pretty sure labour in romania is cheaper anyway , so there are n't much jobs they can `` steal '' . 
  prolly just going to mean cheaper avocados, 
  yeah i can understand why it triggers poles . 
  but i think it is safe to say most people think of the nazis when they remember the holocaust . 
  but muh polish death camps, 
  republicans still only represent half of the country on average . 
  and if the republicans have anything resembling a brain they will realise they need us if they want to make a fist against china . 
  and even then there is still the other half ( democrats ) that is is either pro eu or they are pretty neutral about it . 
  the us is not our enemy . 
  trump will be gone in four years , we ca n't let him dictate the relations between the eu and us for more than that . 
  it did n't go smoothly but i like the end result, 
  the ussr imploding went pretty well , maybe it 's time for russia to implode, 
  it has been a very long time since anybody called a far right party racists because they wanted to stop immigration . 
  and even when there were people they were in the vast minority . 
  to be honest i actually have to meet the first person who called a far right party racists for that reason . 
  now in my country the far right leaders gets called racists . 
  but not because he wants to stop immigration . 
  mostly because he wants to ban the koran and he has stated he wanted less moroccans in our country . 
  if far right parties can stop playing victim that would be great thanks, 
  i 'm afraid it 's mostly dutch, 
  if you think we criticize americans and christians more then we do with islam/muslims/arabs you have a very wrong view of the people here . 
  very few people here will defend islam , many will defend christians/americans . 
  if i close my eyes when i see someone jump of the bridge , is it my fault for him jumping ? 
  yes but on average it is . 
  so that 's why it does n't matter . 
  and since this is / europe and not / western-europe, 
  look i 'm just saying american culture was heavily influenced by european culture . 
  i 'm not claiming they are the same now , cultures evolve over time . 
  americans evolved their own culture out of a mix of european cultures and ideas . 
  look at south-america where european culture was n't the only influential one . 
  much different from what the usa is . 
  edit : and about anti-christian/american feelings : every country here also some some people shouting bad things about other countries . 
  belgians shit on us , we shit on them . 
  it 's like that with a lot of countries here . 
  we just like criticizing everything , so yes we criticize americans and christians too . 
  do n't take it personally . 
  i 'm mostly generalizing europe cause i 'm to lazy to write individual countries apart and it does n't matter for the point i 'm trying to make, 
  i 'm not claiming the usa has to act european . 
  i 'm simply saying america evolved out of europe . 
  so you still share some things . 
  but some things will be different . 
  like both europe and america is/was heavily influenced by christianity , but in different ways . 
  just look at 1500 europe as evee , and todays european countries + america as different evolutions from evee . 
  ( yes extremely simplified but w/e ), 
  exactly . 
  iirc the pelgrims were religious nuts we wanted to get rid of , 
  the private debt to gdp ratio was so high because of a tax reduction . 
  it basically meant that a % of interest of your debt from loaning a house could be deducted in your taxes . 
  because the debt was getting too big the tax deduction has been abolished and the government started a austerity regime . 
  the measures are heaving their effect now and you can see the ratio fall down each year .
