  and you should know juncker has very little power over eu countries . 
  all the decisions are made by the prime ministers , of which each has a right to veto . 
  but you and i both know you do n't have a single clue how the eu works . 
  in a democracy , whoever gets at least 51 % of the votes win . 
  no need for stamp of approval , just get the votes . 
  now almost every party had said that they will not form a government with wilders , and wilders does not get 51 % of the votes alone . 
  so there is no way he will rule . 
  not because of the establishment , but because most dutch people do n't want wilders to rule . 
  so unless you mean that 80 % of dutch people are establishment you do n't have an argument . 
  being the biggest party means nothing , there is no special rule . 
  2 party democracies can have those crazy things , multi party democracies ca n't . 
  and i 'd rather slowly muddle though then shoot myself just to have something happen . 
  i prefer my politics boring and not some kind of reality tv shit show . 
  how about we wait 4 years , and if the uk and usa are doing great i 'll rethink this all again . 
  i highly doubt that they will be better of though , but time will tell, 
  how is it anti-democratic ? 
  the majority of dutch do n't want wilder to rule them . 
  is n't that how a democracy works ? 
  the difference between a nexit and a brexit is pretty huge , as we are also part of the eurozone . 
  and even if wilders becomes the biggest party , no one will want to form a government with him . 
  so he will just be shouting from the side lane as he has done forever . 
  before the brexit referendum i wanted the uk to stay in `` my shitty club '' . 
  now i want them to leave . 
  not sure what your point is . 
  if you really think nothing will change , you will be in for a nasty surprise . 
  and whose vassal state was the uk ? 
  the uk had a very big voice within the eu . 
  maybe even the biggest , since they had the special deals which no one else had . 
  lets say i want brexit to be a disaster . 
  now there can be multiple reasons to want that . 
  personally , i want it to be a ( minor ) disaster so we all learn why we should n't let emotions take big political decisions . 
  that we learn that populism does n't give us what we want . 
  but that does n't mean i want to ruin peoples live . 
  i did n't make brexit happen . 
  the british did that . 
  the british are ruining their own lives ( if brexit turns out to be disastrous , which it probably will ) , no one else . 
  and is it really weird people are fed up with the british ? 
  they just stuck a giant middle finger towards us . 
  if they can say fuck you to us , we can say fuck you to them . 
  i think you are missing the point . 
  but first of all , the other side isn \u00b4 t just trump , it \u00b4 s all of the republicans . 
  secondly , why would a hostile country release information about corrupt politicians when it doesn \u00b4 t serve their purpose ? 
  russia released those e-mails ( if they actually did it , but everything seems to be pointing towards it and where there is smoke ... ) not to help the american public , but to help themselves . 
  russia will always act in self-interest . 
   you say it 's much better if both sides are exposed ? 
  well let 's hope things like this keep happening then . 
  maybe , just maybe people will start to be less corrupt if it becomes much harder to hide . 
  think this one trough . 
  if foreign countries will expose only a part of the corrupt politicians and not expose the somewhat friendly to them corrupt politicians , corruption will only become much worse . 
  by the way do you realize how much of a corrupt state russia is ? 
  do you know what a oligarchy is ? 
  why would you ever trust such a country , when they will never ever act in your interests ? 
  funding friendly politicians in hostile countries is something that has happened since the first civilizations started . 
  the only goal of it was to make said hostile country either unstable enough to be conquered , or friendly enough to make it a subject . 
  the modern world has made it harder to conquer , so it 's used mostly now to destabilize countries and lessen their international impact . 
  it is not a good thing and it will never be a good thing . 
  for the love of god quit with this whataboutism, 
   implying 1 accident in a german city means all german police are liars . 
  but that 's not even the point . 
  if you cant see the difference between a blog ( which is presented as an opinion ) and a news report ( which is reported as a fact ) than there is no arguing with you, 
  germans are known for digging holes at out beaches . 
  some say it is cause they are haunted by the past and have some unknown force driving them to finish the atlantikwall, 
  yeah no one here has ever heard of these places like barcelona or sevilla, 
  yeah it can be pretty entertaining, 
  you should see r/the _ donald . 
  it would be hilarious if it was n't so sad . 
  so certain they know how things actually are . 
  i doubt obama did n't expect this reaction . 
  he knows putin does n't want to destroy ties with trump . 
  so getting this freebie without any repercussions diplomatically is actually a win . 
  would obama have done it a couple months earlier , russia would have reacted much stronger . 
  yeah i agree . 
  there is no downside for trump . 
  if he is smart he can use this opportunity given by obama . 
  but even if he does nothing he can always blame obama for everything . 
  youth is generally anti-establishment . 
  considering our anti-establishment party is the pvv it does make some sense . 
  i wonder how getting older affects this generation on what they will vote . 
  who is a member of basically the same party ( yes i know the difference ) which is surprisingly center right . 
  again , when one governs concessions have to be made . 
  you ca n't judge someone purely by the concessions and claim they are left . 
  if the majority of your population wants nuclear energy gone and elections are coming up , many find themselves willing to make a concession . 
  just because something is n't far right does n't mean its left by default . 
  center right means you can compromise , which merkel did with most of those points ( the refugee one is a bit ridiculous though . 
  she said she made a mistake and underestimated the problem ) . 
  and im pretty sure i can find 4 leftist idea 's in trump 's plans . 
  does n't make him a leftist now does it ? 
  75 % upvoted , which means it was probably at 90 % or higher when it hit / all . 
  lmao, 
  considering we are in a european subreddit we should use european standards . 
  and by european standards merkel is centre right . 
  but merkel is centre right ? 
  screaming alahu akbar when killing someone does have a very islamic ring to it . 
  he does shout alahu akbar . 
  in a democracy there will always be someone with a different opinion . 
  maybe stop being such a little bitch about it, 
  maybe you should get less triggered when an inhabitant of a country oppressed by russia for many years states that they dislike russians pretending that they did any good there . 
  also nice whataboutism , classic russian tactic, 
  and in that way wilders actually did something good . 
  he made talking about immigration and ethnic minorities relatively non-taboo again .
