  it 's still dangerous but it 's not like we are ignoring it . 
  but no matter how you turn it in the end the european influence on america was by far the biggest . 
  the white americans were the ruling class for a very long time . 
  now i 'm not claiming usa = europe . 
  the europeans who went to america were n't planning on building europe 2.0 , they wanted something else for very good reasons . 
  but it were still europeans when they left here , and they did bring some core values with them . 
  are you implying that the eurozone is the mastermind of the recession in greece ? 
  and what about money borrowed from out of the eurozone ? 
  should be write a stern letter to china and say that they should n't lend money to countries we do n't approve of ? 
  so basically , if i try to fraud and get away with it initially , only to get caught later i can say `` haha it was your fault you do n't have the right to claim your money back ! '', 
  at the government who faked numbers to get the money . 
  did the lenders know how bad the situation was in greece ? 
  if you just looked at official numbers you could n't know it . 
  i mean it 's not like europe heavily influenced how america is today . 
  no europe no usa . 
  but considering europe send a lot of religious nuts to america to get rid of them , it 's not very surprising to see that america is still a very religious country . 
  i was wrong about he creationist thing . 
  having lived in the us for a short time i do know some things about it . 
  but i 'm no perfect human being and can be mistaken once in a while . 
  and yes i do know that there is some sort of welfare system in the us . 
  i think politicians in favor of fortress europe are growing in numbers every day . 
  it 's just a matter of time now , but as you know democracy is a slow process . 
  where am i generalizing ? 
  that the average americans goes more to church than the average european ? 
  but about creationism in school , i was wrong about it . 
  there have been several attempts to make it happen , but they were all shot down . 
  it is still a debate that 's ongoing in several states . 
  well i was talking about the average american , not the current ruling party . 
  but if there is a creationist in the government that counts as fundamentalist to me . 
  ~ ~ do n't you guys have to teach about creationist in school ? 
  like on par with evolution theory ? 
  and you do n't think that is fucking insane ? ~ ~, 
  in many ( western ) european democracies you 'd get massive outfall over mentioning christianity so much . 
  a creationist in the government ? 
  swearing on the bible during inauguration ? 
  saying thank god/god bless with everything ? 
  i do n't know why americans are okay with religion seeping into the government like that , but when you see how many americans still believe and go to church i 'm a bit less surprised, 
  i doubt it . 
  but we will see . 
  their party program is total bullshit and wilders knows that too . 
  however , wilders has been in the tweede kamer for 18 years now , originally coming from vvd . 
  i like to think that after 18 years politicians have a fair idea what wilders wants . 
  you could also go watch some interviews from wilders , there you 'll get a better view what his actual plans are . 
  well , rutte did say that the vvd wil not form a coalition with the pvv . 
  of course , if he steps down who knows what will happen . 
  but it would betray the people who voted for vvd . 
  and since a coalition with the pvv is doomed to fail this will mean the vvd loses votes . 
  do n't forget that while the pvv is identified as far right , their social-economic policies are far left . 
  that does not compute with the liberal ideas of the vvd . 
  honestly , trying a coalition with pvv would very likely decimate the vvd . 
  it 's the biggest reason no one wants to form a government with the pvv , there is such a huge risk coming with it . 
  [ willem does not aprove ] ( http://static0.trouw.nl/static/photo/2014/2/11/7/20140721171418/media_xl_2382697.jpg ), 
  well , nato has a way bigger army , more money , more people , more everything . 
  so unless russia has some genius generals and nato some utterly incompetent generals they really do n't stand a chance in the long run . 
  just to compare inhabitants : russians : 143m nato : 603m gdp : russia : $ 3.685 trillion nato : $ 18.35 trillion, 
  ok russia = syria/irak thanks did n't know that, 
   we lost 1 300 000 people in wwi and 24\u00a0000\u00a0000 in wwii . 
  my great-grandfather was killed by germans at wwii . 
  your great leader stalin is the reason so many died . 
  you know why ? 
  because he wanted to beat the allied to berlin and did n't care how many of his fellow country men died in the process . 
  why ? 
  hmm , wonder what happened with the countries russia `` liberated '' . 
   yes , i know . 
  my ancestors liberated europe from napoleon . 
  i did n't know the russians fought in waterloo . 
  napoleon invaded russia , russia did not want napoleon to do that . 
  you liberated yourself , no one else . 
   i have n't noticed . 
  right now your and my countries are involved in ongoing wars . 
  which european countries are having a war with each other ? 
  the only european war is in ukraine ... that there is some shithole in the desert where we bomb some terrorists is not the same thing as a war inside of europe . 
  russia invaded as much as it has been invaded . 
  it has n't been invaded more then any random country in europe ( except for switzerland ) yet we are able to look at the past and see the mistakes we made , and have decided that a peaceful live is what we want . 
  peace inside of europe is a very special thing that has never happened before , so you can understand why we do n't like russia trying to undermine that . 
  population in europe is declining . 
  we do n't need `` lebensraum '' . 
  resources ? 
  russians are known to destroy resources before the enemy gets close to them . 
  destroy some cities and russia will surrender ? 
  yeah sure buddy . 
   whole our history consists of attempts of other nations to conquer us . 
  swedes , mongols , lithuanians , poles , frenchmen , germans with their friends ... we have a long historical memory which helped us survive trough ages . 
  back then there was something to gain . 
  now there is nothing to gain and everything to lose . 
  but sure keep pretending the world has n't changed in 500 years . 
  did you know the spanish once had control of the southern parts of the netherlands and then we fought them ? 
  or how germany tried to conquer europe twice ? 
  or how france tried to conquer europe ? 
  or how the italians conquered almost all of europe once ? 
  or how europeans tried to kill each other for millennia ? 
  yet we all live in peace now . 
  how did that happen ? 
  and nothing was annexed in yugoslavia . 
  try again . 
   everything started when us prepared a plan of total annihilation of ussr with nuclear weapons . 
  it 's declassified now , they were really planning to kill most of us . 
  since then , any of their friends are under a constant treat of being eliminated too . 
  just like the ussr was ready to kill/enslave all of us . 
  but russia is not the ussr , and the usa of 50 years ago is not the same as the usa today .
