  to let someone die where they could be saved ? 
  i hope it 's the start if something . 
  almost everyone looses in the current situation . 
  calling catalonia colonized by spain is a bit of a stretch . 
  conquest like that ( castille conquering aragon ) happened all over europe all the time . 
  the borders are very different now than they were 600 years ago . 
  do you think states in italy would have the same right to declare their independence ? 
  after all , some of them were colonized by rome . 
  not to mention that there are much more doctors than members of parliament . 
  also , governments already have the problem that the best and brightest usually leave politics ( or never even start in politics ) to go work in commercial businesses . 
  why ? 
  because they pay more . 
  you dont earn much money in politics ( compared to what you can earn in other sectors ) . 
  atleast not in non curropt countries . 
  if anything eu is turning into usa, 
  well , news about turkey has been very negative lately . 
  what you see happening is the consequence of turkey 's recent international and national behavior . 
  you might not like it , but people do see erdogan as turkey 's leader and spokesperson . 
  a democratic government is the representation of the people after all . 
  so when erdogan says something , most people will assume he is speaking for all turks . 
  so people around the world , but mostly europe , read stories about erdogan and how he is turning turkey into a muslim state with him as the dictator . 
  they start to wonder , what is erdogan going to do next ? 
  is he really going to make turkey a dictatorship ? 
  and what happens after that ? 
  nobody expected russia to annex crimea and occupy eastern ukraine , but here we are . 
  why would n't it be possible for turkey to do the same ? 
  now of course , it 's not as simple as that . 
  both greece and turkey being in nato complicates stuff , and greece is in the eu as well . 
  occupation of greek islands will very likely lead to retaliation and doom turkey to be isolated of europe for a very long time , which will complete the transformation of turning turkey into russia . 
  i highly doubt erdogan is willing to ruin it 's country 's economy and it 's people just to cement his own power . 
  but perhaps erdogan prefers being a major player in the middle east over being a small/mediocre one in europe/rest of the world . 
  anyway , tl ; dr : turkey has bad press . 
  people start seeing turkey as something bad . 
  people start commenting bad stuff about turkey . 
  solution ? 
  get president that gives good pr . 
  i doubt the water reaches 30 \u00b0, 
  i n t e r g a l a c t i c s p i c e s, 
  i never really used the real time combat of the total war series . 
  i thought it was too time consuming and i just wanted to conquer stuff . 
  that would be an argument for legalizing cocaine , since we all know people wo n't stop buying it . 
  not the consumers fault other people made it illegal . 
  depends what you are used too . 
  here it is pretty standard , i 've had stuff from which the dealer claimed it was 280mg . 
  still , 200mg is a lot for beginners . 
  might be better to start with something a little weaker . 
  to each their own . 
  though , you can be a good boy and take drugs . 
  especially ecstasy is a very safe drug ( all you have to do is never take more than 1 pil every 3 hours ) since it has no addictive stuff in it . 
  you can do it once and than never again , or do it a couple times a year and stop without having any drawbacks . 
  i had some really great parties using the stuff , but i have n't touched it in years now . 
  in some ways it opened my eyes like nothing else could . 
  but yeah , if you do n't want to do it , do n't do it . 
  i want to say you are n't missing much , but that is not entirely true . 
  the first time is absolutely amazing . 
  when you do n't know what you are taking , overdose can happen and it can be very dangerous . 
  if you know what you are doing , ecstasy is pretty safe stuff . 
  but always , always find a way to figure out what it is you are taking . 
  200mg is a lot , and those pills can kill you if you take more than 1 at the same time . 
  and never take pills from a stranger . 
  never . 
  the area i live in ( noord-brabant ) is notorious for its ( high quality ) ecstasy production . 
  sure it would be nice to live in a world were armies are all gone , but we do n't live in that world . 
  unfortunately it is a necessary thing , as history has proven over and over . 
  do you have a source for the dutch poll ? 
  was it maurice ? 
  in that case it probably was a bad poll and should be ignored . 
   greek debt to gdp ratio stayed stable for 20 years before the credit crisis . 
  based on greed government numbers , which you ca n't trust . 
  and what was commonly known ? 
  that greece was corrupt as fuck ? 
  yeah sure , everyone knew that . 
  but the scale of it was completely underestimated . 
  knowing that your neighbour sometimes steal apples and than finding out he was robbing banks instead , how does that make you guilty of anything ? 
  bullshit again , it was the greeks government faults . 
  the greek people voted for them sure , but they were n't making false documents and spending money they did n't have . 
  and blaming the eu ????? 
  really ???? 
  the eu had no idea greece was this fucked up before the crisis started . 
  ( if they knew , i can assure you that things would have been very different ), 
  yeah no fucking shit . 
  all other eu economies werent based on fairy tales and lies . 
  it 's like saying `` wow , usa economy grows faster than syria 's . 
  so weird '' ( hyperbole but gets the point across , greece had 2 big crisis , other countries just 1 ), 
  literally the first sentence is about how this is profitable for dutch businesses as they are the ones who get hired to fix water problems, 
  well i study political science here and we had some lectures about difference in political culture in european countries . 
  from what i 've read is that lack of civic culture in eastern european countries has a lot to do with soviet occupation . 
  i will try to find a source when i 'm back home and explain more when i 'm certain what im talking about, 
  i dont think any if these points are true for the netherlands . 
  our political and civic culture is much bigger than the one in poland . 
  i honestly ca n't find one point that is true , even during elections . 
  true , but sometimes people need a breath of fresh air . 
  if the old farts did n't fix the problems in the last couple years , why would they suddenly be able to fix it now ? 
  also i feel like old people are either stuck in the past or not flexible enough most of the time . 
  bwah , people like you disgust me . 
  it was a genocide , no matter how much you pretend it was n't . 
  disgusting that you even try to deny it . 
  the ethnic cleansing by means of slaughter is called a genocide , and yes it is a war crime . 
  it was genocide , no matter what your opinion about it is . 
  9000 man women and children .
