  care to translate a few ? 
  natural gas explosion , apparently . 
  rip . 
  exactly, 
  i consider myself a federalist , but come on . 
  the european commission is perhaps the most powerful institution in the eu , and they 're not even democratically elected , they 're chosen by the head of state of each country . 
  we 've yet to do that , but i believe that mlp despite bearing an ideology i despise is a charismatic person . 
  she knows how to get around , in the political arena . 
  i have some doubts that a debate between mlp and great names of the french political landscape would do much to her party 's reputation . 
  her party 's ~ ~ techniques ~ ~ desire to make france an `` isolationist '' country ( hard to translate the idea of repli identitaire ) were compared to the islamic state 's similar by a famous radio host that likes to stir things up in the political scene . 
  mlp answered via twitter by posting uncensored pictures of isis propaganda , graphic beheading pictures , the burning jordanian pilot in his cage , etc. . . saying that * this * was really what isis is . 
  now , even the family of the decapitated victim in a picture wants to sue her for using an image of her son to prove a point . 
  i wonder where that will go edit : techniques --  repli identitaire, 
   include the factor of race or biological descent that 's what i meant by `` those criterias can be altered '' , that 's what happened in nazi germany . 
  i believe the german idea ( also called the `` objective '' concept ) does n't need acceptance , either you are or you 're not , that 's why it 's called objective . 
  if you 're born x , you could never become y , no matter how hard you try . 
  your kids and grandkids might , but not you . 
  this vision has started to fade away in germany , and the french ideal seems to be more prominent in the world nowadays . 
  in this concept , also called `` subjective '' concept , i do n't believe its main goal is multiculturalism , or if it indeed is then the `` new culture '' must be okay with abiding by the principles of the state . 
  thus , in a a way , it also requires a cultural assimilation , but it 's volontary . 
  even if you 're born x , you can become y. 
  when i speak romanian , most people think it 's russian . 
  to them , everything east of strasbourg is probably either german or russian , i noticed . 
  * tfw you have to use a serbian accent to prove you 're russian *, 
  i think it 's because greek is a `` musical language '' that has a distinct mediterranean tone to it . 
  most people associate this with italian or spanish , not with greek . 
  those are my two cents on the matter . 
  that 's the famous debate between the `` german concept of citizenship '' and the `` french concept of citizenship '' ( or at least that 's the name i learned here , from j.fichte and e.renan ) . 
  in the german concept , you can only become german after many years , maybe generations . 
  you need the culture , the language , the knowledge of the country 's history and being part of this history yourself . 
  even if you want it , it 's gon na take some years . 
  some say that this creates a stronger bond with your nationality , but there 's also a downside . 
  those criterias ( culture , language ... ) can be altered , as it 's been witnessed in nazi germany . 
  in the french concept , citizenship is like a pact . 
  you need to be willing to become french , it 's ( in theory ) easier to integrate if you really mean it . 
  it 's a an idea common in the usa as well . 
  27.73 % among the 50 % of french people who voted . 
  a tad more than 13.5 % . 
  would n't that make the problem worse ? 
  imagine an entire prison full of religious extremists , that 'd be like the best place to plot attacks . 
  if the state in question is failing to protect the border , then this border force would take over . 
  does n't sound bad to me . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the war in syria will probably drag on , creating even more refugees . 
  also climate change refugees are going to overwhelm us if we 're not prepared for the decades to come . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  my guess is that the a\u00e7ores islands would want independance, 
  [ b8 m8 ] ( http://forums.oce.leagueoflegends.com/board/attachment.php?attachmentid=3609 ), 
  canonic law played a decent role in keeping the continent together when rome fell , i 'm not denying it . 
  however , our legal system at least on continental europe comes from habits and customs , mixed with mostly roman and germanic heritage . 
  close , it was a qatari . 
   christianity is the basis of our legal systems ever heard of the roman empire ? 
  the attack was most likely done by crimean tatars apparently , their flag was attached to the pylon that came down . 
  not saying it couldnt be a false flag attack , just that it 's not in russia 's interest to do so here . 
  let 's be careful with that hotline system though . 
  what if your neighbour hates you and is psychotic from times to times ? 
  he calls the hotline , denouces you as a potential terrorist and you spent the rest of your day in police custody . 
  just like swatting , i can see this system being abused by assholes, 
  you 'll have to show your papers in any case on your way in and out , since you 're from outside schengen . 
  so much so turkey could use him as a power source . 
  i see your point , but then we 're all good in our own way . 
  there 's no `` most people '' , it 's simply `` people '' in that case . 
  we 're never the bad guy in our story . 
  he seems to have forgotten that this time , voters got him there . 
  indirectly perhaps , but still via our votes . 
  i hope we can ger rid of him in the next elections, 
  quite the contrary . 
  that would be `` the romans '' , us . 
  because the usa and the eu both have interest groups , and they both want to work out better deals everytime . 
  obama or the eu commission have limited influence , they ca n't remove clauses they dont like and then pass it, 
  is your hand okay op , you 've ctrl + v this all over reddit ? 
  humanist and progressives . 
  you will have a hard time finding some these days , after the recent events . 
  stay around a few days and you 'll see . 
  seems like it 's a very cold room for trump . 
  if only nobody had locks on their doors , we could have stopped all the terrorists , ever !, 
  a cease fire is in effect , and seems to hold . 
  though this has frozen the conflict to russia 's advantage . 
  just like abkhazia and south ossetia . 
  now ukraine wo n't be able to join nato unless eastern ukraine breaks away . 
  altered the message . 
  three grenades * reportedly * detonated around the stade de france ( where 's there 's currently a france vs germany football game , the french president has been evacuated ) *** rumours of a hostage situation in the famous bataclan theater , where one of the shootings occured ***, 
  i can already see the wiki page for the history of the european union . 
  `` in the early 2020 's , the european union grew steadily when it was decided that the european institutions should be moved from brussels to melbourne '', 
  was n't there already a scandal where e-athletes were taking aderall ? 
  yep !, 
  as of right now , that only means giving e-sports competitors the same treatement as other athletes . 
  i suppose in a few years we could see clubs sprouting here and there . 
  how about a guillotine squad ? 
  i did n't catch the story took place in istanbul , you know what i meant though . 
  they 're still citizens of the country , thus allowed to vote in the matter . 
  what indeed is shocking is that most of them voted akp . 
  i guess that these turks are low education workers that emigrated a few years ago to find a place to work in europe . 
  that 's the kind of electorate akp has . 
  they actually got [ an alley and a stelae ] ( http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/societe/a-clichy-sous-bois-une-stele-et-une-allee-en-hommage-a-zyed-et-bouna_1730158.html ) named after them , which shocked me, 
  well , religious women anyway . 
  islam does not approve of a woman getting too close to a stranger . 
  i dislike the idea if it were to be applied in mainland europe but i can see why the religious turks ( that are gaining more and traction apparently ) would support that . 
  so , if we send you to africa , the whole continent will be a powerhouse within the year ? 
  my guess is that it will affect any finnish adults .
