seen, 
  invertebrates ( like spd on federal level ) do n't count, 
  last time we did they took all they clay with them back to poland, 
  and before that it was germanic tribes that settled in the region , streching to the black sea, 
  only if she marries gauck, 
  there are whole bundesl\u00e4nder that do ok without speaking german . 
  venus is cloudy too and it is still hot there, 
  a party !, 
  for us !, 
  how nice, 
  they would nott be the first middle easterns that crossed a sea without boat or bridge, 
  if i was an evil overlord , i would want that design for my evil lair, 
  the broomstick as weapons thing was germany, 
  a time wizard did it !, 
  todays europeans are ancestors of pre indo-european europeans and papua is an exeption because of the geography which leads to isolation, 
  czech swiss basical german ( but not german german ), 
       as yourself stated before the law varies but unwanted penetration is still the most basic definition of rape . 
  i mean the federal law in the us , where the survey was conducted, 
   the very paper you cited , defines rape as such . 
  despite being not the definition by law  why is the definition woman centric ? 
  there are variations of this laws that are only applicable on women , that only count penetration of the vagina and being often worded that only men can become rapist . 
   rape is defined as unwanted penetration . 
  where ? 
  there is a movement to replace the old woman centric laws and in a lot of places including germany and usa it is already . 
  and the netherlands the 19th , they must be one as i saw their name in the newspaper in a enumeration with lower saxony and northrhine westphalia as bundesl\u00e4nder where the police would do a big speed controll action, 
  it does , page 24  a majority of male victims reported only female perpetrators : being made to penetrate ( 79.2 %, 
  did n't i just told you that they put made to penetrate not into rape , despite being it, 
   what we know for sure is that men are mostly raped by other men.that is what we gather from the victims reports . 
  this needs the men to be able to take the connection that what happened to them is a crime , with our current cultures attitude to this he is supposed to enjoy it , so if he feel violated it must be his fault . 
  http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/pdf/nisvs_report2010-a.pdf search for made to penetrate which they did n't count as rape despite being it legaly . 
  the numbers from the cdc in the us shows that if you do n't ask if they were raped but if they were forced to sex , the vast majority of rape against males is perperated by females . 
  the newest numbers from the last years indicate that in the us it is the majority of the cases that the rapist is female . 
  welcome back in merkelreich , ignore those bavarians , they are always complaining and here is the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleichkasse , take some money if you need or put some in if you have some to spare . 
  and they not even put four benches around like before, 
  enough and a big part of the infrastructur, 
  there still was industry in germany and the war produced engineers that would work for small money . 
  and a lot of people knew how it was before the great depression . 
  there was no heaven that could only reached by being a good nazi . 
  there was a belonging to a nation , not to a tribe that was somehow grouped with with sometimes even rival tribes into a state . 
   i genuinely think all of the western world should just get out of the entire region and do n't interfere at all and erecting a giant fence around it ? 
  this attitude in society is probaly the reason why it looks like rape against men is uncommon . 
  only opening a rape emergency for men would probaly not help without raising awarness about this issue . 
  or the normal person , here in germany most people probaly think of alice schwarzer when they hear feminismus , somebody protesting against porn while gleefully writing prejudice about a somewhat prominent wheaterman accused of rape ( found not guilty , but she still maintains that he is guilty ) in a `` news paper '' that prominently features pictures of naked women on the first page . 
  and supporting circumcision . 
  and evaded taxes . 
  but that was the second wave and the second wave was in hindsight a bit short bus special . 
  she is really not a good leader , mostly because she does n't lead , but carefully looks were everybody is going and then slowly follows . 
  only ruins left in the forest on a hill . 
  and there was one even nearer , but it is not even known where exactly it was . 
  are you working for the verfassungsschutz ? 
  no , a redditor would masturbate while maintaining eye contact to show dominance, 
  and in iran , pakistan , afghanistan , iraq , turkey , syria , ossetien , china , nepal , bangladesh . 
  but probaly no lidl plastic bag, 
  afaik the airports they are selling are the ones that make profit . 
  maybe . 
  but i would like the see that the esa could bring people into space and back without hitching a hike . 
  ( and maybe because a drawing of hermes on top of an ariane 5 is one of my first space related memories ), 
  but deep packet inspection and https dont mix well, 
   tiny majority, 
  that our politicans might know what they do, 
  then i take callisto and support your claims, 
  gb , italy , we , india, 
  then we should start with having a reentry capsule for the atv, 
  but it would be nice to have something own that is n't dependend on a third party, 
  but the moons of jupiter are mine, 
  but what if we make a clientstate on the moon ? 
  bielefeld exist , that is were the bundesflusgcheiben are based . 
  but with greece ? 
  my dream is it to open a restaurant in japan where i sell `` german '' dishes . 
  there will be baguettes and backed beans . 
  italian flags hanging around and a painting of the atomium . 
  i will call it the `` stockholm cafe '' . 
  holy roman empire , best roman empire, 
  sell weapons to both sides, 
  our media does n't like google . 
  but how would you do that , who watches the watchmen and who makes sure that the watchmen watcher not get bribed too ? 
  we would , but its alternativlos, 
  you can be conditioned without being an official member of the religion . 
  the eu needs to be get more democratic before making any attemps at unifying . 
  because german guilt to clarify : does anybody believe that there would be a law allowing it if only muslims would doing it ? 
  lower saxony , only saxony , remove imposters ( and hanover ( brunswick strong ! ) ), 
  that was only a humanitarian operation to dispose the evil dictator stalin / s, 
  he was in the first version of the article, 
  platt , platt is only counted as german because of history , it is as much german as dutch is . 
  this whole map makes no sense , almost nobody speaks platt here today , so it must be historic , but then there should be german dialects in poland . 
  but that are completly unconnected incidents, 
  ohh !, 
  lgbtqqai + that why people switch to the much shorter gsm ( gender and sexual minorities ), 
       you can fly from russia over the baltic out to the pacific and then up the seine to frog hq unless denmark runs all the way into sweden but then you could out over iceland . 
  pacific ? 
  but i always hear how lazy the greeks are and now you are showing me that they work more than we do . 
  my world view is shattered . 
  people who are afraid that the goverment wants to make being gay mandatory . 
  sexual coercion is counted seperate this is their definition  being made to penetrate someone else includes times when the victim was made to , or there was an attempt to make them , sexually penetrate someone without the victim 's consent because the victim was physically forced ( such as being pinned or held down , or by the use of violence ) or threatened with physical harm , or when the victim was drunk , high , drugged , or passed out and unable to consent, 
  http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/pdf/nisvs_report2010-a.pdf be aware that they hide rape against males under made to penetrate . 
  in the 2010 study , 79 % ( 4,317,192 ) made to penetrate and 6,7 % ( 105,927 ) penetrated are women, 
  i think it is because that what culture tells men . 
  they have to want sex always or they are not real men . 
  therefore they ca n't complain about their rape as it would say that they did n't wanted the sex , which would make then unmanly . 
  well , according to cdc , 63 % of rapes against men have a female preperator .
