  frustrated by bad dubs then . 
  i think they meant mass shootings, 
  and obiviously you have chosen an example that is n't an example . 
  handy has it origin in the handie-talkie ( what is known today as walkie talkie , which was then a back mounted deviece ) . 
  later handy was used for other handheld transceiver . 
  also in difference to cell phone and mobile phone it only refers to handheld devices and not car bound ones . 
   would churchil tolerate an eu superstate ? 
  franco-british union  france and great britain shall no longer be two nations , but one franco-british union . 
  the constitution of the union will provide for joint organs of defence , foreign , financial and economic policies . 
  every citizen of france will enjoy immediately citizenship of great britain , every british subject will become a citizen of france . 
  turkey reacts to ... german recognition of the armenian genocide . 
  gets sued by the fine brothers, 
  we will call d\u00f6ner gyros . 
  hey , we did send a hospital ship for the vietnam war . 
  they do n't have underground gay sex dungeons , they do it in public and call it wrestling http://satwcomic.com/sports-are-not-for-sissies, 
  so much butthurt, 
  all mentioned alphabets are related, 
  what is mind blowing that they all are descendants of the same alphabet used in the near east . 
  we got the northern part of the harz, 
  not more than calling anything else a dragon . 
  and they really look like a baby version of the classical european dragon ( not the modern european dragon which influenced by knowledge of dinosaurs . ), 
  will you build a wall and make argentinia pay for it ? 
  so part of `` dusky people who ca n't speak german '', 
  maybe a symptom of an sti transmitted by goats . 
  well , banking does n't produce much air polution , but not everybody can be a banker . 
  gexit now !, 
  eexit now !, 
  that is to cringy to be comical . 
  it simply not burning would have been a much better outcome than this sad excuse of an flag burning . 
  and ever heard of rehearsals before pruciing videos for uploading ? 
  so what are the russian stealing in poland ? 
  well , they recognise the genocide against the jews, 
  the free and hansa republic of kandistan can proudly claim to never have killed anybody and to have a literacy quote of 100 % . 
  we also have 0 % unemployment . 
  100 % of our population can speak at least two languages . 
  [ chewbacca defense ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chewbacca_defense ), 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njzf9bm_imo no reparations for bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  association football , in difference to dissociation football , also called american football, 
  taiwan # 1, 
  german here , we mostly blame merkel, 
  they could threaten to withdraw their military advisors maybe, 
  you seem quite happy with the territories you got to administrate . 
  yes we did . 
  we build memorials to keep the knowledge of this crime alive . 
  [ we mark where they lived ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stolperstein ) so we will ever know that we killed people who were our neigbours , our fellow humans . 
  we teach our children in school about our crimes . 
  we support the state of the survivors . 
  we asked for forgiveness . 
  we knew when you killed them , we were appalled what you did , we did write letters against it , but in the end we did nothing to stop it . 
  now we admitted that we did not enoug to stop you . 
  but you only wanted wash the blood from your hands . 
  now you point as us as if we tried to hide to blood on our hands which everybody knows is there . 
  you know , we do n't have enough jews anymore to use them as scapegoats , but we got another minority that is n't that liked ( except for d\u00f6ner ) . 
  danish is funny , like dutch is funny or low german . 
  german culture greatly influenced our neighbours, 
  big words fo somebody whos country was unified with danemark https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_sea_empire, 
  yes , its reserved with a towel, 
  austria does n't count, 
  thats an attack against our culture , we will anschluss you !, 
  because the celts settled more closely to the romans , including upper italy , while the germanic tribes settled much more east and north . 
  just because they did n't had bigger contact does n't mean that they wee n't around , they were just irrelevant as they did n't build cities and were only loosely connected . 
  at the moment we do n't know if all of them came from the beaker culture or the corded ware or if they came from both cultures , but both groups were in europe almost as early as 3000 bc, 
  im pretty sure the celts and the germans came at the same time to europe and intermixed with most of the inhabitants and teached them their language ( exept in a little place known a basque , where they clinged on their silly non-indo-european language ), 
  you know that time they conquered everything between the bosphorus and pakistan ? 
  are we baltic too ? 
  there were germanic tribes there before the slavs came . 
  they only came during the migration era , they are illegal immigrants . 
  and the city of london, 
  he is in the emergency nuclear fallout shill bunker which will allow russia after the nuclear war to continue shilling, 
  the uk is a eu member , the swiss is not . 
  and atleast you can leave , leaving the us would require some bloodshed . 
  but can trebuchets fire a 340kg projectile over 2400 meters ? 
  only cannons can bring down the walls of constantinopel, 
  what does wc mean ? 
  ck2 , started as saxony , quickly became the kingdom of pomerania , expanded up to \u00d6sel , bam teutonic order taking all the baltic coast ( and random bits were gifted to them by perm ) i just want to know how they can spread german culture that quick . 
  edit : how the fuck did that swedish rebellion become french ? 
  france seems to pop up everywhere . 
  fucking teutonic order , luring my vassals with their baltic provinces away all the time . 
  some day i will crush them and take the lands back . 
  after i conquered the rest of scandinavia . 
  and brandenburg , it is a thorn in my side since ever , almost as bad as weimar . 
  so female monkeys are inferior to male ones ? 
  but that would sound like federalism, 
  some things do n't need a name , like half assembled sandwiches, 
  industry that was early enough , a somewhat big population in a small region and we managed to trick poland into taking the poorest regions . 
  no , the other way around , standard german is the ( hanoverian ) low german pronounciation of standard high german . 
  and before the main weapons would be bow , spear and sword spear or sometimes a big club with iron reinforcements . 
  ** throws a pommel to end you rightly **, 
  symptoms of other problems . 
  then maybe we should n't have colonised the whole southern coast of the baltic sea . 
  some balts who can comment on if they wear socks and sandals ? 
  i heard that about italian women . 
  king is customer . 
  there are elections in syria too , which might be manipulated but the rebels boycotted it anyway . 
  concentration camps are something different from killing camps . 
  i guess if you are mentally bed bound normal mental usage appears as gymnastics . 
  its not about retaliation against attacks , its about dividing people . 
  they want muslims living amongst us to feel othered an unwelcome . 
  the only retalation is against people having the nerve to show compassion instead of fear , because fear is what they want . 
  every politican wanting to close their border is a won battle for them , every burned down refugee home a succesfull skirmish .
