  you killed my toucan . 
  idiots , idiots everywhere that believe when told that foreigners are at fault for the idiots situation . 
  i think that was meant as a joke, 
  somebody seems to not like blood based food, 
  well , if nobody knows they exist , nobody will get through them to the french, 
  you ca n't put merkel under pressure , she will deflect it onto one of her minions who will be crushed for her . 
  she is n't his wife and the article say 's that they only wanted a place for her on a table with survivors or their relatives, 
  and the money they were forced to loan to us . 
  quelle , qualen , qualm , qualle ,, 
  unless v is pronounced like w , like in vase, 
  wait until real military shows up, 
  they are * german * slow * idiots * stupid * unfriendly * arrogant * racists * indigenous americans * boring * hideous, 
  wau wau or wuff wuff, 
  in dutchland, 
  horrible , why did let people with such a deranged mind produce shows for children, 
  but there are only two , one north and one south, 
  but we take europa, 
  and hanover and the uk, 
  the hat, 
  black like the charcoal , red like the sausage and yellow like the mostrich, 
  white background for the stars and blue and red stripes . 
  i like their map of germany http://edugeography.com/content/image.php?pic=../images/germany/germany-03.jpg, 
  estonia and croatia still have a flag, 
  im not sure if it is now part of germany or croatia, 
  you could also think of the austrian-prussian war as an civil war, 
  well , it is known that many men try to convince lesbians that they are only lesbian because they did n't meet the right man and that they are the right man . 
  by outing all the lesbians the invading army will be slowed down by all the men trying to convince the dykes that they simply did n't met the right man and they are the right man . 
  but if we keep hugging you , you ca n't go away !, 
   erdogan erdocan erdogag on my erdoballs . 
  and we take you both, 
   hey guys , you know what they say about big footprints ... 
  they have big shoes ? 
  just imagine if that could be taxed . 
  you only want that sweet l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich money, 
  i heard there is a big german minority in the us , maybe they need some protection . 
  and so is mixing it with cola . 
  if not then why is it called '' ** personal ** ausweis '' , that obiviously means that it is a id card for the personnel ? 
  you forgot the csu, 
  but frankish also became high german . 
  its all just a question at what point the language became german , but as low german is regarded as german , frankish should be too . 
  we have mountains too , you know . 
  because the rest of tyrol is already part of austria probably . 
  depends of their definitio , `` teen '' is a very common genre of porn after all . 
  im sure that no part of east prussia is part of china , but most of it is part of russia today . 
  edit : so kalingrad is in poland now ? 
   and why did dolfuss try to protect austria from the germans ? 
  because if austria was to become part of germany he could no longer be dictator . 
  so it was not part of poland before 1990 ? 
   different ruling dynasty , for like half an century  it fought against prussia that united german states together with other german states . 
   it had a different religion like all southern states ? 
   its separate empire which was mostly made up by the remnants of the first german empire that contracted into the heartland of the ruling emperor and the land of this emperor outside the old empire, 
  france would be our seperated siamnese twin from another father . 
  you all can join, 
  https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/7zv13z8mfn/yg-archive-150813-%20sexuality.pdf 6 % and a a full lot of active bisexuals that see themself as hetero . 
  greifswald is shut down since 16 years, 
  maybe we should build some nuclear plants using old technology on the oder, 
  he had three , but donated two . 
   the guy walking by my house does not store the information he sees not all people are unable to form memories . 
  outrage manufactured by media that hates google , because google does n't want to pay them for them being found on google . 
  or reunite austria-hungary and take slovenia, 
  well , our corvetts are also big enough to be frigats, 
  normaly mine hunter arent called destroyer ships and you forgot the orkans, 
  what are you sinking about ? 
  well , there is a lake you share with two other countries , you need something to project your power there . 
  even if he is just center left , he atleast has more spine than our current politicans that are supposed to be center left but instead trying to immitate the center right . 
  he would ( re ) build a wall and make saxony pay for it . 
  he will build a wall and make russia pay for it, 
  union space ship, 
  like europa ? 
  they were invited . 
  maybe spain , they are responsible for the netherlands not being german anymore . 
  it was only one time and they wanted it too . 
  seems like we have to make the austrian borders german . 
       this is a whole fuckup of policies that has roots back before merkel could do anything about it . 
  no , she could have definitivly do something back then when it would have been much easier to agree on distributing the refugees in europe based on how much the countries are able to take . 
  its entierly her fault for waiting until they came to germany , which makes it looks like its only a desperate measure . 
  edit : i thought that all was much more recent, 
  but horses mate with donkeys , creating an offspring which is widely used , combining desirable features of both, 
  were, 
  last time i checked we did n't destabilised the middle east , that were france , gb , the us and poland . 
  sibling incest was big in egyptian royality . 
       in ancient greece and rome , even the intellectual elite was into fucking little boys and the boys grew up fine . 
  well , they grew up to become boy fucker themself . 
  sex science . 
  it also involves only one person , so unless we declare children non persons this comparison does n't work . 
  damned tree loving elves . 
   how do you imagine to be able to bequeath his body to necrophilia ? 
     we think it will continue to be illegal to use a dead man 's body in such a way , says adam alfredsson . 
  but what about dead women ? 
  you mean second wave . 
  the problems people have with feminism come mostly from stragglers of the second wave , posing as third waver . 
   founded as part of a peasants ' movement against the landed aristocracy probably because of that . 
  the article loads , but they hide it by setting the opacity to force you to allow scripts . 
  south italy gets united with greece, 
  in this case we could make a virtual nation that both parties join . 
  we could call it hre and gain cores on our neighbours . 
  the russian mailorder brides are clearly colonists to etablish russian minorities that then can be liberated . 
  i for one welcome our new greek overlords . 
  why the fuck does brunwick become hanover when i unite lower saxony in euiv ? 
  hanover should only become the capital if brunswick is n't part of the country .
