  i hate hanover , they are the worst state capital, 
  or they take their shiny new tanks and invade germany, 
  only their language , todays hungarians are mostly what you would expect to find there genetical with only weak traces from the invader, 
  i did and will do it again . 
  because its just a dialect . 
  i think lower saxonian low german might be closer ( but it does n't really live anymore . ), 
  i just remebered that i read about him a few days ago . 
  which one was the the austrian habour ? 
  one of the earliest people to write about space stations and rockets came from there . 
  because they only ever target children of the opposit gender . 
  that depends on if we try to integrate them into our culture and values or if we see them as some intruders that need to be shunned and kept away . 
  you realise that this were two completly different incidents ? 
  in one teenage boys verbally harrased in some form a teenage girl , in the other losely organised criminals used sexaul assault to rob women . 
  which issue , the millenium old issue of teenage boys being assholes ? 
  for victim blaming there needs to be an victim . 
  understanding that was n't hard , i think more that somebody wanted to understand what they understand . 
  and how many of this are crimes that can not be commited by endemic people , like being illegal in the country ? 
  its unlikely thats the refugees burning the shelter down when its buildings that are only planned to be used as a shelter, 
  same as we do n't speak any low german anymore in northern germany . 
  maybe they will not notice if we give them the netherlands as reparation . 
  you need to be close to poison their drink, 
  and in german, 
  we sadly can not live anymore in in small villages of maximal 12 people , miles away from each other and only get together for festivals or raiding parties . 
  on the other side , the southern europeans only feel save in groups to protect them against northern european raiding parties . 
  if you do n't want them , we will take them , this time we will allow them to keep their flag . 
  you are too far in the south, 
  you would think that it would be the other way around , with the people in the colder countries seeking the closeness to other people to keep warm while the people in the warmer should stay away from each other to better radiate the heate away . 
  then get a flair, 
  and horse can think a bit for themself, 
  but there is no direct connection between ostfalen and westpfalen , to archive this connection we will build a bridge over hannover . 
  because ost - and westphalia need to be reunited !, 
  you forgot me , i want to seperate from germany and take lower saxony and westphalia, 
  i think many countries have rules that govern the possibility to bring family if you are granted the right to stay . 
  young men that travel to europe to then bring their families on legal routes as soon they are accepted as refugees , so the family does n't has to walk for hundred km and cross the sea on boats that take any excuse to sink . 
  seemingly they only started doing it recently as from 2500 cars sold in this year they sold 1000 in october . 
  also i would guess that it would be better for them if they could sell them without having to export and sell them for used car prices edit : and its not like they are only one or two month on the market , they try to sell them since the beginning of the year . 
  after having seen this car on google image search , im thinking about suing google for not filtering it with safe search and fiat for the emotional damage i got from seeing it . 
  maybe if it would n't look like it looks , people would really buy it . 
  is it really stolen when you take it from an goverment that you think is illegetim while being with the , from your view , legetim state ? 
  look at moskau , lots of dots around a circle containing a single dot, 
  you mean you have your own dialect, 
   say , canada , has more in common with britain than britain with germany . 
  northern geman culture is somewhat similiar to english culture, 
  i think there are different levels of culture , two villages in the same state might be a bit different in culture , but more similar than to a village on the other side of the country and even more different compared to one in another country and completly different from one in asia . 
       we 're at the crossroads between [ ... ] , we 've been at war with pretty much everyone in europe and it has heavily influenced us ... 
  i think that can be said about most countries in europe ( and if not , they were once part of a country for which this is true ), 
  while we are at this , we would like to have prussia back, 
  per person i would hope, 
  how ? 
  by not cramming them into overcrowding housing , by not putting them somewhere isolated where the only contact they have are other refugees . 
  only christian on paper , but i read in the bible from time to time , because i think it is better to know what it says than have others words what it says ( i think alot of christians never read the bible ( or there would be less people who think that there were two of every species on the ark ) , how comes that they call themself christians when they never read it ? 
  but you still need them for magnets, 
  if the words are gibberish , they are not they option you are looking for ( in most cases ), 
  but they are still on the british isles, 
  you have something on your flag , seems to be red, 
  they probably have rare earth metals, 
  then you hit her , she has a mark , tells police that you attacked her / tried to rape he , probability that you get to prison . 
  or she drugs you . 
  no , it is just an informal name for the western part of germany, 
  we only need to wait until they get a heir with low legitimacy, 
  somehow i unconscious always place you somewhere in the caucasus, 
  i want to meet them and give them false answers, 
  second one for belgium is is belgium in germany and the fifth ask if you are in france, 
  did n't you know that after the spanish caused so much trouble in america , the indians set sail for europe and invaded spain and eventual settled there after displacing the indigenous people . 
  four, 
   france you mean west germany, 
  only once , the other time was a offensiv defensiv war, 
   is germany [ ... ] a sovereign state , a company oh , the old conspiracy theory that the federal republic germany is not a sovereign state but a company and that the weimar republic was never dissolved and is the real german state and therefore the new laws are not real . 
  not yet , give the climate change some more time . 
  country : germany favourite neighbour : poland least favourite neighbour : austria ( two world wars are enough and you always make problems in eu4 , why ca n't you let me have the provinces i conquered , i only want to etablish a great brunswick , you can have the south , i only want lower saxony and the lower lands ), 
  but then we found out that the common man was a banker in disguise, 
  her face stayed somewhat unaltered, 
  maybe it 's the right wing muslims, 
  city rivalery . 
  its bad enough that they are our state capital . 
  as somebody from brunswick , im triggered by the idea of a state named after hanover, 
  humor is when you laugh anyway, 
  and low near designated nuclear dumps ( which are suspiously near the former border ), 
  they can marry , just not those who they want . 
  we should attach a fancy title to merkel , like `` her momness mutti merkel the teflon of germany '', 
  appointment is election with just one voter, 
  pedo nazis that were actively ignored by the state . 
   maybe this guy was really high as a kite - still these ideas were somehow implanted in his brain . 
  this guy even shouted `` allahu akbar '' , when he was arrested . 
  every picture of an explosion or crash or something gets comments writing it this days . 
  then we lock up no people . 
  dis mean being bad at something , not not being able to do something . 
  what would be their uses ? 
  in asymetrical wars its not a problem to get planes stationed near enough and in a symetrical war they are large targets . 
  aircraft carriers are less costly and can do most of the same tasks as fixed wing aircraft carriers . 
  by which definition ? 
  by already having plans for them ? 
  i do n't see why we could n't build a carrier and its air planes in a 10 year timeframe ( besides funding and delays ), 
  do n't give them ideas . 
  imagine the range if there was a ramp, 
  one of the three ships that can carry 6 helicopter is shared with germany . 
  also all german frigates can carry two helicopter and so does the berlin class, 
  this time its boobs out . 
  lower saxony , the real saxony , as opposed to those saxonies that are named after the duchy which originated here but wandered eastward because of politics . 
  the first one is set during the middle ages where you try to keep your noble family alive and to amass power for this family .
