  the second one is about the colonisation of the world and the third one is set during the industrialisation . 
  they all use the same game engine and there are converter programs that can convert the save game from one game to the other so you can play from the early middle ages until the start of the cold war . 
  the capital of fun apperently , so probably eisenh\u00fcttenstadt, 
  there are several barriers right through australia to keep various animals on one side of the country https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rabbit-proof_fence https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dingo_fence, 
  mostly for money . 
  and scotland and north ireland probably leave the gb , so its only 57 million people . 
  you ca n't offload something that you will no longer have . 
  german difference between german and polish craftsmen : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kixlgh5wasu, 
  unlikely, 
  its still common here, 
  half six is three, 
  well then , death it is . 
  you have no right to it . 
  may i remind you that germanic tribes settled most of what is now poland before the huns ? 
  they nazis did more to destroy germany than all anti-germans could ever hope to do . 
  most of them are csu members . 
  since suicid got privatised they can not afford it anymore . 
  maybe if they would not so afraid of gender they could hug the lithuanians, 
  i do n't think that germane to to this topic . 
  because we invented everything , including england and france . 
  down under fall, 
  there can be order without law and there can be law without order . 
  i love how often it is just `` why ` nation ' '', 
  is there anything to england besides london ? 
  the merkel diaries . 
  or you could elect me to be the queen of germany, 
  who else should become chancellor ? 
  somebody from the spd ? 
  they all got their spine surgical removed , they need merkel to hold them up . 
  we should import him . 
  we will take you, 
  how many ? 
  like two dozend ? 
  i heard that many place names in europe may be explained by being originally comming from a language related to the basque language . 
  thats some crackpot theory on the same level as jews being to blame for germanys loss in ww1 . 
  maybe you could strike a deal with norway , you get jan mayen ( which is its own micro continent ) and norway gets what is now finland . 
  send your own ambassadors to beat up all iraqis until they revoke the diplomatic immunity . 
  they could also stage a robbery gone bad and kill the ambassador , but do you see ambassadors getting killed ? 
  and ? 
  many jobs require you to be away from your family . 
  maybe its his 3rd, 
  it actually were two 4 year old twins working together, 
  / r/600euro /, 
   yes , the driver has a lot to do but he has his little computer that makes selling the tickets rather efficient ( not most efficient though ) . 
  except when you notice that the driver just sold you a one month ticket for march 2006 and he then has to call the central on how to set the correct date . 
  the only time he was elected was after he was already put in power by conservatives who thought they could control him . 
  you can even order one from amazon, 
  right wingers also did blow up a bomb at a octoberfest once . 
  which violates art 2 gg, 
  is there a source for that ? 
  i think a lot can be done when you promis them money , other cultures do it too at a later age and often involves gifting the cild money . 
  no , they never remove the entire clitoris , the biggest part of the clitoris is internal and surround the vagina almost like a ring . 
  the part that is removed is only the smallest part of it . 
   historically not-terrorism-y qualities i think the romans thought otherwise, 
  calamari rings, 
  almost all points that you brought up are a result of it being done under sub optimal circumstances , thanks to laws who make it illegal . 
  like you people always do , always comparing a in x with b in y instead of a in x with b in x. 
  and the labia are also just flaps of skin . 
  the differences really come only up when you look at the most extreme form ( sewing the labias together ) or at the circumstances of fgm done in the bush with a rusty knife and circumcision done in a hospital . 
  actually there a lot of cut women who find it offensive to call it mutilation ( besides that it is done almost exclusively by women ), 
  which in most cases can be cured with incisions . 
  same applies to every part of your body . 
  art . 
  2 abs . 
  2 gg says that you have the right of bodily integrity , the right to life and the right of freedom . 
  now there is a precedence that freedom of religion allows you to to violate another persons rights granted by art . 
  2 abs . 
  which is theoretical unconstitutional as it violates art . 
  2 abs . 
  and if we ignore art . 
  2 abs . 
  2 gg for religious purposes we can just start doing human sacrifices . 
  it is if it is done to protect another minority from harm . 
  in this case its the children . 
  so when did you stone somebody the last time ? 
       regardless , if you 're old enough to understand stuff , but not an adult yet , there 's an option to put you to sleep your country has post natal abortons ? 
  lets poll babies . 
  great . 
  next child fucker will make their own religion that says that they must fuck children . 
  not allowing them to do that would infringe their religious freedom . 
  and fgm done under sterile conditions is n't a health problem either . 
  i think you answered to the wrong comment, 
  most cases can be cured by less destructive operations ( triple incision ), 
  there are two big flaws , they were measuring on the outside of the foreskin which is identical to the rest of the penile skin instead of the mucous membrane of the inside and they measured the wrong stimulus . 
  we really just think that our english is horrible . 
  they did a few years before . 
  if that were rafts , then the enemy also just had rafts . 
  you can keep your flag this time, 
  and the climate change is n't man made . 
  prank gone wrong ( in the kingdom ), 
  we could trade bavaria for scotland, 
  with what money ? 
  satan in switzerland ( helvetia ), 
  come back when the conditon for the exit are giving large parts of england to other countries, 
  that makes no sense . 
  maybe you meant a unified ireland ? 
  here you have a small block you get signed after church, 
  so how long will the uk now stay intact ? 
  and those who are there are elderly and children collecting stamps for confirmation . 
  ( and it depends on the preacher , i was in some services that were really good and those tended to have more people . ),
