  one thing about three is they only work on 3g and 4g . 
  they do n't have 2g fallback at all . 
  for me was a bit useless since i use ee as my main number and wanted to trial three whilst traveling to usa or spain , which was ok but using it in uk was a bit of a pain . 
  i put a 2nd sim to try on my lumia 950xl , its from o2 and found 2g to be pretty much everywhere . 
  same can be said for bt mobile ( which piggybacks on orange/tmobile/ee ) . 
  good 2g ( edge/gprs ) coverage everywhere in south east england . 
  not sure midlands or the far north . 
  one like masquerade, 
  htc hd2 is officially getting the update :, 
  to add more , you can use their sdk , also sell animations or face bundles as in-app purchases . 
  this one is a very popular android/ios app . 
  tears of joy came out my eyes :'(, 
  so wp8 .1 eol is 7/11/2017 ... 
  guess we are up for wp8 .1 update 3 it seems, 
  very good point , i can say the latest build .164 was quite stable and fast in my lumia 1020 . 
  i think the problem was not enough resources poured over w10m development ( compared to w10 or xbox w10 ) and also the development concentrated in optimizing the code only for mobiles powered by sd400 or newer . 
  anything older ( even though sometimes faster ) was left behind and they did n't really bothered to amend any bugs . 
  thats my theory . 
  exactly , they made us wait like forever for updates or new flagship under the promise of upgrading all lumias with wp8 :, 
  link :, 
  but ... but ... they promise w10 for all, 
  wen in india ? 
  640 too , or a lumia 735 . 
  soon \u2122 ? 
  exactly , i think they just got lazy and did n't bother to optimize the w10m code for dual core snapdragon processors ( 920 , 1020 , etc ) . 
  to me sometimes is like they are pushing w10m off a cliff , they really want this platform to fail . 
  looks very nice , i support this !, 
  no ideas , it used to happen to me a lot in redstone , went back to threshold ( .164 ) . 
  i think it has to be a rogue service or process ( similar to a pc ) having a high impact on the cpu thus generating all the heat . 
  also i would not recommend the fast ring for your daily driver . 
  its too buggy and beta at times . 
  the slow ring is a much better choice in my opinion . 
  another handy feature that some people wont even have since microsoft pulled the plug on x2x phones, 
  when in uk / s, 
  yup , the w10m code was never truly optimized just patched . 
  yes but according to microsoft is completely unsupported . 
  so basically yeah you can install it , at your own risk . 
  i 'm still skeptical , i am sure the 1020 ( 2gb ram , dual core snapdragon ) is more than capable of handling w10m , it 's just not optimized and microsoft ca n't be bothered to spend manhour/resources to fix it . 
  think about it , if phones like the lumia 435 and 550 can have w10m , so can the 1020 . 
  i want a lumia the size of a 735 but with top specs like the 950xl . 
  if sony can do it on their compact z5 so can microsoft !, 
  there are no multiports adapter so far ( i was looking that myself ) . 
  the closest thing you might get is the continuum dock which has few usb ports , couple that with a display port to vga adapter ( which i tested at home , works fine ) . 
  i am not sure if an usb presenter is compatible , however i see why not . 
  i have connected several wireless devices who uses a usb receiver ( like those logitech keyboard , tested two anker as well ) and they all worked fine . 
  cant see this for my dual sim 950 xl, 
  hey bro , i have exactly that model a friend of mine got it for me on a travel to lisbon since here in uk they dont sell the dual sim variant . 
  the 808 still the king !, 
  although i would say the 1020 would be the prince . 
  for me ( windows 10 pro ) the mapdata folder was located in c : \\ programdata \\ microsoft, 
  awesome finding nonetheless , thanks a lot for sharing !!, 
  this saved me so much time , in my phone even though i have a very good broadband , the connection was getting cutoff and never finishing . 
  today i learned ... did n't know that . 
  needs caucasian adapter, 
  they pressing on a nokia 3310 : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ecgvgaeyfam, 
  by the way his voice sounds a lot like one of my customers from croatia , even the laugh, 
  haha i think the india one is called kerala . 
  yup , and those articles paint the wp scene like it had 40 % market share and denies many facts . 
  one of the reasons i stick with xbox, 
  hopefully they do n't come up with a silly justification like the usual `` the hardware does n't support it '' since the most phones are way better than the lumia 650 yet that one has it . 
  yup , can do that ... on android . 
  correct , from the phone app not from skype app . 
  i would n't hold my breath for anything better until i see it . 
  man you misunderstood the point . 
  i know you can do call to phone numbers from the skype app . 
  what i want is be able to make a call from the contacts or phone app to a number and use skype instead of my phone carrier . 
  if you had a nokia n9 you will get what i 'm saying . 
  edit :, 
  what i want is something like this - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seb95rgra58, 
  this is very sad news indeed . 
  i always tried their phones and evangelized people to buy them . 
  right now , most of my family members use lumia because of this . 
  this program and the cool people at 1000 heads will be missed :'(, 
  at least i talked to one of the guys there , and their jobs are safe plus they have tons of marketing jobs form other companies . 
  i got the same postcard , a usb that reads nokia connects and a blue t-shirt with nokia models . 
  found it :, 
  actually is done by a marketing company in london called 1000 heads . 
  i know loads of them there , including the senior manager . 
  sincerely , they are very nice and enthusiastic people . 
  i 've never seen that kind of enthusiasm from the americans at the microsoft . 
  sometimes i think they do it on purpose and there is some kind of bigger conspiracy in the background . 
  seriously , a company ca n't be this stupid . 
  can confirm , this rich hdr only applies to phones supporting the feature called rich capture . 
  so i guess it will support these : 830 , 930 , 1520 , 950 and 950 xl . 
  i have the update in my lumia 950 xl ( th2 ) but i do n't see it in my backup lumia 725 ( redstone ) . 
  i have a 950xl dual sim too , with .164 and got the update just now . 
  try forcing the updates through download and updates . 
  i had to check 3 times but then it appeared . 
  yup , forgot about the 640 xl . 
  my brother cant see it either , same phone but he lives in america and im in uk . 
  perhaps is still rolling out and will be just a matter of time . 
  merkel ? 
  i do n't know why you are getting downvoted , absolutely the truth . 
  lumia phones whether americans like the name or not , had a big market share in europe , the reason why many people use it was due to nokia quality . 
  microsoft is n't a company people hold a big respect here in europe anyways and if we gave wp a chance was because of nokia . 
  with any redstone build im having so many issues with groove , one for example is cant see my music stored locally in the sd . 
  it stays in `` signing in '' but nothing else . 
  terrible . 
  stay away from that version , so buggy it made me cry . 
  i tested on 950 xl and lumia 735 .
