  to me the sexiest wp ever are : lumia 800 & lumia 830 . 
  i will give a second place for : lumia 920 / lumia 1020 . 
  third place : lumia 735, 
  thanks for letting me know , i tried and worked, 
  your opinion is irrelevant here , only facts matter . 
  not yet , coming soon, 
  really hoping the same , ca n't wait for amazon prime video and prime music app for my lumia . 
  needs double glazed windows, 
  been in a similar situation before , so sorry to hear that in the first place . 
  if you had the sms backup option enabled , there is an app for windows 10 pc that gives you the option to view this sms 's off one of your last backups . 
  the name is windows phone message backup - this one also gives you the option to export all sms . 
  link :, 
  windows phone message backup https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9nblggh2srtp, 
  damn yeah forgot about the 925 . 
  will put it in 2no place along with 920 & 1020 . 
  nope, 
  this is something very useful , i will definitely sign up for this . 
  can not use it for apps , only hardware at the microsoft store, 
  same here , also sometimes the hangup button hangs in there after the call has finished , i usually notice many minutes later . 
  the barclays app is the best for wp . 
  the halifax is just a web wrapper for the mobile site . 
  nextgen reader does, 
  you can do it the other way around with the `` transfer my data '' app for lumia . 
  not sure if there 's an app for iphone that does this . 
  downloading, 
  i did n't know whoa !, 
  thanks, 
  got two for both my phones and ordered some goodies . 
  milton keynes vs luton lol, 
  i 'm just here to let you know you ran out of toilet paper . 
  i agree , much improved in all dark rooms as well and way faster overall . 
  i was looking too and it does n't mention anything here : http://www.quantumbreak.com/windows10/, 
  lost any respect from me as well , as soon as it mentioned an iphone . 
  big question : will the lapdock accessory work with my lumia 950 ? 
  in theory i do n't see why not , since both support continuum and have a usb-c port . 
  looks a lot like the good old blackberry z30, 
  had similar issues with my 950 , out of 10 times 7 times the power button was n't working . 
  i could seethe screen all black but when plugged to continuum all worked , so the phone was not powered off . 
  removing the battery did the trick but i ended up doing a full reset . 
  nope , it works based on your imei and needs an uk sim card . 
  the fact that lg announced a camera grip accessory for their lg g5 and nokia had that 3 years ago for the lumia 1020 and the camera grip accessory that doubled as a external battery ... 
  let 's put it simple : most technology is just recycled and reused but we do n't new features anymore . 
  mobile tech is getting stagnated . 
  the answer is out there, 
  ditched my galaxy s6 edge last night too , now i have my lumia 950 and # 350 lol ... thinking in getting some mozo backs and a cheap # 50 android for some apps not in w10 . 
  too late bro , i just spend # 55 in two back covers ( red/gold and black rim/back leather ) . 
  luckily is amazon , so i can return if not up to my standards . 
  bff !, 
  i receive all my whatsapp messages like 10-15 minutes late . 
  example : msg received at 14:45 however the phone vibrated at 14:58 , when i check and open whatsapp , the message shows that time . 
  i was like wtf , the wp notifications ( w10m now ) are terrible !, 
  finally !, 
  i though was only me under that impression . 
  does this work with continuum ? 
  holy cow , it works even in uk !!!, 
  just tracked a random flight i 've taken in the past ( gatwick to rome ) and it does have the track this flight option . 
  same here it says just compatible for win 10 pc, 
  this is happening to me too , i was wondering but it seems like a good explanation from the whatsapp engineer . 
  one thing i noticed is this happens to me more when i 'm on 3g/4g . 
  when i 'm on wofo it seems messages arrives faster and the web whatsapp does not disconnect so quick from the phone . 
  edit :, 
  meant to say `` wifi '' lol, 
  nah , the 950 is ugly and unappealing , like a refreshed lumia 640 . 
  if you want it make it look nice you have to stick a mozo cover which is what i did since day 1 . 
  i recommend the red leather with golden trim . 
  same here , lumia 950, 
  beauty is in the eye f the beholder . 
  i found this one quite nice and always liked red phones since my old nokia 808 pure view , then lumia 920 and now this . 
  tacky ? 
  that would be the orange and luminal green from some lumias . 
  not this one . 
  i will upload an album so you see what i mean when i say this one is nice . 
  exactly , at least we have the option . 
  i tried doing some powerpoint slides also writing a letter on word and it behaved ( whilst in continuum ) exactly the same as the app on windows pc . 
  there was a problem few hours back with the store , try now should be working again . 
  oh please do n't exaggerate, 
  wow # 250 , price seems on par with moto 360 v2 here in uk . 
  not bad i think i might get one for my birthday !, 
  i agree ... actually there is a whole universe outside us, 
  the wider audience ( w10m , w10 pc and xbox ) thanks to the uwp will make much better to develop for the windows platform . 
  completely agree with you, 
  that 's a good approach . 
  i usually buy the pro as long as it 's an app well made and that i use on a daily basis . 
  i have purchased some games too but mostly to keep my kids entertained . 
  w10 as a whole is installed in 200 + million devices , and increasing . 
  how 's that not a wider audience ? 
  lol, 
  this is what i talk about : http://imgur.com/a/vcy2j, 
  but thing is i do n't need to download anything , all my music is local in the microsd . 
  plus the main groove settings dont have what you described : it just have groove music pass ( which i do n't own ) , media info and the theme mode ( dark , light ) . 
  the music library ( in albums , artists , playlists ) is set to display all . 
  trust me , already tried everything . 
  it seems , as usual , the only solution is to full reset ( format ) the phone and start from scratch . 
  i get exactly the same problem and , same as you , i use my 950 to play music during commute so i ended up reflashing the bloody phone with the windows phone recovery tool in my pc . 
  it is really painful having to format the phone every time a major issue arises . 
  i bug them on twitter at least once a week and threaten them i will cancel my prime if they do n't make an app pronto . 
  last few times they just ignore me lol . 
  edit : the prime video website works charms on the browser , i even tested with continuum , so sweet !!, 
  the prime music does not work in edge and asks to update the flash version wtf . 
  i had the same issue with a brand new lumia 830 few months back right after an update ( wp8 .1 update 2 to be specific ) .
