  both the battery life was horrendous and navigating through the system was buggy . 
  the most stable one is 10586.164, 
   for a system with so little market share the amount of effort and resources they are putting into it is incredible and quite honestly economically insane . 
  it was never like this , it had 14 % in some countries in europe . 
  they let this happen , why should i feel pity for them ? 
  i am not sure if your post is sarcasm or you are truly believing that b.s. 
  whilst drinking microsoft 's koolaid . 
  yeah , keep dreaming . 
  even when they mentioned the skype bots they said windows 10 desktop , ios and android . 
  does that sound like something in your phone ? 
  on a lumia running the desktop version - which we know isnt possible , so it was definitely an edited video . 
  you americans bastardized the language lol, 
  haha top man , you forgot to add the / s at the end a, 
  it was , only when nokia was around few years back, 
  i agree, 
  i remember in wp8 , i send myself the . cer via email and ran it every time prior to connect to my work network wifi . 
  if belfiore took a break , so can anyone else at microsoft !, 
  tell me about it . 
  it 's very sad the s * we as wp users have to put up with . 
  i 'm considering the same , my contract with ee ends on october so hopefully i will see what 's w10m status then . 
  if i see more of the same , will dump this for good . 
  luckily i had a backup done when both my phones where on 10586.164 so i did the full monty : going back to wp8 .1 ( in 735 case ) and then slowly up to get to 10586.164 . 
  lumia 950 xl was easier , when you use the windows device recovery tool , you are taken back to 10586.107 , so it was just step away by going to updates and hit the check button . 
  not really sure about moving bookmarks , as i said i was lucky to have the full backup done in 10586.164 . 
  you make a continuum mode and i will definitely get it !, 
  ios since google and microsoft are fighting each other on who makes the best apps ( google apps vs microsoft apps ) in ios . 
  plus there is always the element of privacy on android . 
  it seems they have upped their game , two weeks and counting with the black one and not a single scratch . 
  lets see how the white one does . 
  as long as its in stock , is basically next day ( i have prime ) . 
  i have n't seen the brown leather one , but it will be my next option . 
  what i like about the mozo covers it makes you feel you have a totally brand new phone . 
  my wife will love the flip case one too , one thing i would suggest to mozo is to have like a custom builder where we can choose patterns and different finish . 
  that is my favorite phone ever , been with me since 2012 and still going strong . 
  the photos are unmatched , i have the 1020 too but the yellow hue puts me off . 
  about the webcam , you can still use the front cam from the phone . 
  my idea is to get one of those aluminium phone holders , put the 950xl , connect to the display dock in continuum and try to make a skype call . 
  i will try tonight and let you know after i get back from work , not sure if the skype app works in uwp or i shal use the other one called skype video that came with messaging & skype bundle . 
  i 'm afraid not . 
  i do n't own a 640 , i was thinking getting one for my son but i have a spare 735 he can use . 
  however for what i seen , mozo covers for 640 are very nice \u263a, 
  the gold is only on the red leather . 
  black and other white leather covers haver a silver rim . 
  it works , using the messaging and skype ( which includes the skype video ) . 
  the only issue was the camera is rotated clockwise when you open the app but it goes ok once you are in a call . 
  sync for reddit, 
  im in uk , but already have like 3 years worth of stacked office 365 ( up to 2018 ) but wanted to do this in my son 's account , all i see if three options :, 
  trial office 365 for 1 month free , office 365 + 1tb ( # 59.99 per year ) and office 365 home ( # 79.99 per year ) . 
  which one should i click on ? 
  edit :, 
  in my wife account does not even show that , only the 50 gb for # 1.99 offer . 
  this :, 
  same here for my son 's account . 
  he meets the quota ( i think you need to have more than x amount of gb 's in use in your account ) . 
  tell me about it , i posted something on facebook . 
  it seems somebody took it personal ( fat shaming , go figures ) . 
  i got my facebook banned for 48 hours . 
  once reinstated , i just closed the bloody thing . 
  man , this ** sjw ** and overall pc culture is destroying society as we know it . 
  bunch of crybabies living in a bubble . 
  no , there are n't . 
  i think we should point to microsoft in twitter every time we get an app stopping support for wp/w10m . 
  it feels like 2-3 popular apps every week are ceasing development . 
  moderate rebels for you, 
  why is this news in r/windowsphone ? 
  i mean , dont get me wrong , this is my favorite rss app but are we so slow on news that we have to post also stuff should be in r/windows10 ? 
  and please do n't justify this post because its `` an universal app '' . 
  is not in the phone part of that `` universe '' . 
  the error message in question :, 
  could n't place call . 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ reboot ^ ^ your ^ ^ phone, 
  this meme reminded me of the belgian health minister, 
  completely agree . . skype has never been a top performer . 
  videocalls quality in both my home pc and and any mobile device is mediocre . 
  i much prefer facetime and if available , the facebook videocalling ( unlucky not present on wp but sure is available for ios and android ) . 
  also microsoft had an excellent market share back when windows live messenger was on the top . 
  but the usual microsoft and their prehistoric mentality killed it . 
  gmail got voice chat , whatsapp added voice calling , facebook added voice and videocalling with a much better quality , apple came up with imessage and facetime so it rendered any microsoft offers to a second or third place . 
  i still use skype every day for business ( lync ) but i avoid calls or videocalls using this , they are plain crap . 
  i much prefer grab my desk phone and call . 
  last two interviews i conducted using skype either it had sound issues or the other person had connectivity issues . 
  terrible , and whats worst : to think they used to be king on this voip world , and look now . 
  the key message here is the technology world is changing at a very fast pace in the last 10-15 years , either they keep up with this or just gtfo . 
  yes , its coming soon, 
  no , but i heard is coming soon \u2122, 
  next year when i 'm in the market to buy a car , i will consider only options who support windows 10 mobile . 
  see , i make my decisions based on the phone i own, 
  does it give the same error with both wifi and 4g ? 
  also , lumia offers app is meant to come with the 950xl , so only an update from the store is necessary . 
  somebody like you should get a cap like this to complement your glasses , you bloody shill [ image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3lti20x.jpg ), 
  he should match it with a [ baseball cap ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3lti20x.jpg ) , fucking shill, 
  still with my lumia 735 , sold my 950xl and will move to android or ios in august . 
  no point in staying with a sinking ship unless you 're a masochist or a microsoft shill . 
  i was about to post this too , wow man seriously , is like right in front of our faces . . they dont need to literally tell us to move away from wp , do they ? 
  looks like an abscess, 
  without our support they will be like a field day to iran or israel , both sworn enemies of ksa . 
  same issue , ended up creating a completely brand new email address for my eldest daughter . 
  i wish it was more like the family sharing on apple . 
  but hey , perhaps its coming `` soon '' . . 
  `` finally '',
