lol, 
  very bad idea imo , one thing is comparing and doing qa using the competition devices and another is to post something publicly on twitter or facebook . 
  this is just bad pr and makes me think as a wp8 user if microsoft really believes in their product or not ... 
  all i see is that nokia is trying to push wp8 more than microsoft/samsung and htc combined . 
  very artistic , loved your skin colour . 
  and also you are using my favourite phone brand , so 10/10 !, 
  this video explains how to use the project my screen app https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbeu_dr8bpy, 
  doesnt work for me , never shows the download button . 
  i gave up , too complex and too many contradictions . . 
  in one step he mentioned the light blue app but in other mentions another app called ble ... 
  also i followed the video step by step but never got the pairing code screen . 
  they just stay there in the android wear for ios screen . 
  i think i will better wait for @mohammadag solution ... 
  same thing here :(, 
  having the same problem here , even though i 've done that wbid thing , i 'm getting the same error code 4 as you . 
  i think they didnt anticipate the public interest in this game and this overloaded their servers . 
  how do i enable the `` one hand '' feature in the galaxy s6 ? 
  it was there on the s4 ( previous phone ) . 
  just bought a galaxy s6 edge ( coming from an iphone 6 ) along with a lg g watch r to be able to measure my steps , heartbeats , etc. . . 
  only to find out that the google fit app isnt compatible with the galaxy s6 lineup and has some issues with the heart rate sensor in the back of my phone , keeping it on all the time and consuming the battery in matter of hours ... 
  i feel like returning all this , i have no patience to qa google 's half baked products . 
  thanks kuboa but my galaxy s6 edge does n't have the one hand operation menu , neither in the main menu or inside accessibility . 
  looks awesome , what did you use ? 
  completely agree, 
  wow so the lg g watch r is actually metal , i thought was made out of plastic ( like policarbonate ) . 
  this should be great for a weekend project \u263a, 
  not available in the uk, 
  i found the apk and the obb for all kind of devices in apkmania, 
  if you guys ca n't wait for nrs to make it available for your country , here is the link :, 
  i know , if you go from your phone or from a pc without adblock plus , its quite shitty and opens up a ton of ads . 
  i went from my pc with like adp , privacy badger and few more ad blockers . 
  again , this is just in case you do n't feel like waiting for the official release in your country . 
  agree, 
  i would gladly do this if you are ok with it . 
  i do n't have the tools i 'm afraid and also i am such a coward . 
  let me know if # 10 + postage expenses its ok . 
  thanks for sharing op , i will now use some sand paper on my lgwr and make it look like a urbane, 
  exactly !, 
  same here, 
  same problem here too, 
  you only need to change the google search app to the language you want . 
  for example i have my phone in english but having my google search in spanish allows me to reply from my google wear to my messages in spanish and not english . 
  to do this , open the google search app , then settings then search language . 
  tap and hold the desired language , this will set it . 
  hope this helps, 
  i was looking for this too , thanks a lot , 
  not a problem for me , keep it up !, 
  not a problem for me , keep it up !, 
  is it me or does this worm looks like the desert worms in the movie `` tremors '' ( the one with kevin bacon ), 
  sw3 owners : does the silicon band catches lint and dirt ? 
  got ta get a white one then , thanks for replying, 
  thanks for your opinions , i think i will go for the sw3 , i cycle a lot and gps will be handy plus nfc for contactless payments sound like a nice thing to have in the near future . 
  but i agree : the sw3 is ugly and the typical sony and their proprietary accessories preventing people to use their own straps . 
  i thought the pregnant goldfish was called twat ( so they say here in uk ), 
  i think if they unveil anything cool will be google wallet nfc payments . 
  i did n't find them in amazon uk , found in black or white in amazon germany, 
  probably argentinian or brazilian but daughter of germans ( that last name ai n't latin ) . 
  not sure if this counts as the `` latina '' we are thinking . 
  my biggest phobia ever , i grew up in dominican republic and these centipedes are common on rainy days . 
  one crawled to my bed once ( i must have been like 8 yes old ) , i still have nightmares of that day , luckily it did n't bit me . 
  trust me , i have no fear of other weird stuff from there like tarantulas & other big ass spiders , snakes and alligators but this ... this is another level damn it . 
  completely agree with you . 
  i live in the uk and so far i 've seen only ee ( the network provider ) pushing it 's tap wallet app which uses a mix of a special sim card ( it has a big n , i guess for nfc ) and an app . 
  that 's for android devices and it all of them , they must have the ee firmware . 
  other than that , nfc wise , i reckon will be easier to get one of those small nfc tags that come inside the barclays bpay wristband and stick it inside your phone down the battery of in between the phone back and the cover . 
  i read this with cartman 's voice ( like in the word war zimmerman episode ), 
  this looks like an awesome app , i do n't own a wp but an android however i would definitely pay for this if you make it available for android . 
  i use my band with a galaxy s6 phone at the moment . 
  as usual, 
  top man !, 
  i 'm subscribing to this thread now , 
  one of the best designed apps out there, 
  i had the lg g watch r and did n't find it to be the big fuss . 
  ended up getting a microsoft band because i was looking for something that shows notifications but more important , that tracks my fitness ( i cycle work and sometimes go to the gym when i feel like ) . 
  so yeah , fitness tracker will be a better option . 
  i once had an iphone and it gave me the option to hear siri in america us voice not that cockney fake british accent . 
  is there any way to do the same with cortana ? 
  i would prefer to hear jan taylor 's voice . 
  `` i miss you '', 
  does it occurred to anyone that the seller missed the zero when setting the price during the auction , so instead of putting $ 250 they only put $ 25 and now has come up with that lazy excuse to not honor the sales based on that typo ? 
  i occasionally sell stuff in ebay and happened to me with a blackberry i was selling . 
  by the time i realised my mistake somebody already clicked the `` buy it now '' button . 
  i explained the person my mistake and refunded the money . 
  luckily the dude did n't give me bad feedback or forced me to honor the price based on my mistake . 
  just my 2 cents . 
  i was going nuts with the dude saying `` i understand that one '' on every single response . 
  i thought for a moment you were chatting with a bot . 
  sounded like irish to me, 
  i thought it was the chronosphere, 
  i got a lumia 830 in my hands , when trying to scan ( start camera ) it says no barcode found . 
  any ideas ? 
  i know , and the worst is it syncs with runkeeper and some others but only one way , meaning the google fit sends out the info to runkeeper but it doesnt pull it back . 
  i live it because is animated and the android app is quite intuitive , but thats pretty much what is about . 
  nothing else . 
  same thing works for android app , thanks !, 
  you mean like in the nokia n9 ? 
  mission impossible, 
  looks like the entrance to the gates of hell, 
  i has never worked for me either . 
  i tried to contact the developer via twitter but was kinda ignored .
