  thanks to nokia push in both fronts - hardware & software - pushed wp worldwide , especially india and europe , both strongholds for nokia . 
  city lens , here maps , lumia beamer , lumia camera , creative studio , play to , and many more etc. . . so many good apps made by nokia r&d and effort that microsoft did n't take advantage after the purchase . 
  all i see from microsoft is false broken promises and the usual apologist msg `` do n't worry , w10 will change everything , this is it - soon \u2122 '', 
  i moved to android , however my wife and oldest son still on wp . 
  by end of the year they will be in another platform . 
  one that does n't reboot every couple of years . 
  omg !!!, 
  they bringing these cool things we had in wp8 ( lumia panorama ? ) !!, 
   actually , i get paid to write what i want , which is the best part of being your own boss . 
  also , i see you confuse me explaining microsoft 's strategy with endorsing it . 
  i thought kevin michaluk or marcus adolf was your boss ... nothing wrong as mobile nations team is great . 
  to be honest , i use to have it and use it a lot . 
  still present in my lumia 1020 . 
  we found the apologist . 
  your justification would apply if if this was the second restart for windows phone or windows mobile . 
  however i been hearing the same b.s. 
  after wp7 .5 , then wp8 , then wp8 .1 and now w10m . 
  to be fair , i will believe when i see it . 
  unfortunately , microsoft has proven otherwise : removing options to add them again at a later o/s version . 
  i was happy with the metro ui , with the tiles , the people hub . 
  it worked . 
  what i see now is a bad implementation of other o/s ( hamburger , pivot ) , removing apps because they feel people dont use them ( fm radio ) whilst releasing much better apps for competition platform . 
  nextgen will be the best in my opinion . 
  i 'm one of those people . 
  i am entitled to an opinion , whther if differs from your point of view ... since when we have to be offered to option to have an opinion ? 
  i will wait and see , i can always give them the benefit of the doubt and at the moment i have moved platform already but can always come back if i see improvements , at the end they are just companies and we can use what help us make the most out of our digital life . 
  compared to like 1 million paid downloads for iphone, 
  you are guessing , none of those phones are real or even announced . 
  i do n't hold hopes when it comes to microsoft . 
  i saw you coming over and expected the usual tantrum and not adding anything to the discussion . . 
   ms rarely drops support for devices and they usually work well with the newer os versions so you only really replace them when they 're broke or you just want something newer . 
  well , you seem new to the wp scene . 
  this is the 3rd reboot i 've witnessed , the first was windows mobile 6.5 turned into windows phone 7 , then windows phone 7 devices not been able to upgrade to wp8 and now tons of wp8 .1 devices not able to update to w10m . 
  although microsot itself shows wp8 .1 as still [ fully supported ] ( https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle?p1=17945 ) until 2017 , they effectively neglected the platform since end of 2014 and after this promoted the beta half-baked w10m as well as releasing many of their apps on the competition platforms : android and ios . 
  the chart i 've posted shows exactly what is expected : a huge loss on marketshare by crappy sales due to lack of devices out there , either hardware or plainly not avail in some countries . 
  in any case , they should stick to make software , for all platforms . 
  the [ microsoft support lifecycle ] ( https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle?p1=17945 ) for wp 8.1 is july 2017 , when it will reach eol/eos ( end of life , end of support ) . 
  however the [ last update released was gdr2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/windows_phone_version_history#windows_phone_8.1 ) v. 8.10.15148.160 in may 2015 . 
  with the w10m official release in march 2016 ( threshold 2 ) , i 've noticed two things :, 
  * microsoft neglecting the millions of users still on wp8 .1 devices , even though is their responsibility to provide support until the o/s reaches the eol/eos . 
  * effectively renting part of those millions of users devices `` useless '' by not providing neither a viable update to w10m or providing subsequent updates for wp 8.1 . 
  so when i read the apologist saying stuff like the surface phone will save this platform , i take it as a joke . 
  this platform is doomed , thanks to the mediocre management and user support from microsoft . 
  i wont discuss the os or how to improve it . 
  been there , done that since 2011 ( when i got a lumia 800 ) . 
  [ let 's criticize microsoft here if you like ] ( https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle?p1=17945 ) , and btw , yes as per my flair i have a xperia , which my wife is using , i am currently stuck with the lumia 1020 up until september , undecided which to get : android or ios . 
  w10m certainly will not be a choice in my list . 
  third time 's charm like they say . 
  why should i trust ms if , by the judge of their actions ( this is the third time ) , all they seem to do is reboot the mobile o/s of the moment when things do n't go the way they want . 
  or the airlines ( ex . 
  delta airlines ) which purchased tons of lumia 1520 as a point of sale kiosk like device for in-air duty free purchases . 
  well , not sure in usa as wp was never big there but i was quite happy year and half ago : in europe was very strong , so it was in india and south east asia . 
  but from q4-2015 , it seems is been declining in the sales part and whatever marketshare it had was dropping like crazy . 
  very sad indeed . 
  or wait for nokia to release some good android phones by q1 2017, 
   i think that once they feel windows 10 mobile is ready , and have hardware they are happy with , you will see a major marketing effort on their part and hopefully a nice spike in new users . 
  which at that point nobody will give a damn about w10m anymore , no matter how many `` surface phones '' or uwp you throw at it . 
  yeah right , at least apple is providing updates every once in a while . 
  microsoft completely ignored wp8 .1 after w10m was released , not updating their apps for wp8 and even most devs are following . 
  which is shit , because a large amount of the windows smartphone marketshare are still using wp8 .1 as daily driver . 
  you are seriously a joke , suicide watch ? 
  for a phone ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  ultimately i have so many options to go to unlike wp now `` w10m '' tomorrow `` wp10m '' who are stubbornly sticking to the obvious loser . 
  got ta make it clear for you apologists always looking for justifications even when there are n't any . 
  and btw , i do n't really care where or who do you work for . 
  you sound like vegetarian who have to always let the whole world know , even when nobody asked or is interested . 
  the reality is that you are pathetic and never lose a chance to bash and disrespect people who genuinely complain about wp with facts . 
  your facts ? 
  you think you know more because you work at apple , have 3 cats and enjoy long walks in the beach . 
  no lovely response for you , dude i have no time to go back and forth , is unproductive to argue with you and you know it . 
  i am a nokian not a wp fanboy like you , and i was dragged to wp based on the cool stuff wp7 then wp8 brough to the table on older nokia hardware and i feel entitled to my opinion since microsoft has neglected the platform and moreover ignored and stopped providing updates for wp8 .1 even though is supposed to be fully supported until 2017 , just to come up with the `` wp8 .1 not supported pls upgrade to w10m oh sorry your phone is n't in the supported list because we too lazy to optimize the o/s code for 92x and 1020 devices '' . 
  its like they do n't know what the heck they are doing . 
  finally , when you see the windows mobile vp taking a very long leave of absence , you take the hint and read between the lines that something is not right . 
  the turtle icon seems only on lumia 930/lumia 1520 and better spec 'd devices ( 950 , etc ) . 
  i checked my lumia 735 , which has the same processor as lumia 640 and it is not there , not even rich capture . 
  i would say tango was quite ok too . 
  even 7.8 was quite good . 
  the ui and user experience was top notch i remember . 
  one hand usage was very good too , thanks to the metro ui . 
  now we were left with just these inconsistent hamburger buttons . 
  i think this is the first reply i agree 100 % with you , whether we want the same just in a different way . 
  its a black and white analog simulator for wp8 , very useful for lumia 1020 users : https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9wzdncrfj022, 
  for those asking , here is the black app store link :, 
  ** from the description : **, 
  the very first b&w analog film simulator app for windows phone . 
  enhance your photos applying accurately researched and generated filters that match and make your photos look like some of the all-time best b&w analog film . 
  i wish they had a donate in-app button , i could easily donate # 1 however i kinda hate those 3rd party donation websites . 
  i really wanted a 1520 however in uk they are far expensive and limited . 
  i still use and love my 1020 , the old saying `` if ai n't broke '' plus i still prefer the wp8 .1 home screen compared to w10 . 
  back to the app , give it a try , its quite good . 
  thats what really saddens me . 
  if all devs including microsoft would still support and all the apps updates would work in wp8 same way they would in w10m , i had no problems leaving my lumia 1020 on wp8 .1 but as soon as microsoft started moving to w10m , they effectively killed wp8 and any possible support . 
  whats worse , a large amount of users are still using wp8 so it does n't make any sense moving abruptly to w10m when the majority of users are still on the previos o/s . 
  i 'm leaving ... my lumia 1020 running wp8 , wo n't update to w10 because [ of obvious reasons ] ( http://allaboutwindowsphone.com/features/item/21407_10_reasons_to_keep_your_lumia_.php ), 
  on the [ image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/crjupba.jpg ) we can see the moto z borrowing cues from the lumia 830 design . 
  the huawei mate 8 has the metal ring around the camera , borrowed from the lumia 950 . 
  tears of joy after watching that video ... hugged my lumia 1020, 
  i just did , i really liked the lumia 830 `` cyclops '' design . 
  when in uk ?
