  its coming soon \u2022 \u2122, 
  what 's worse : microsoft itself is the one setting up the example for others to follow . 
  if they do n't even believe in their own platform , why should developers ? 
  thanks !, 
  * the file explorer only let you access the / user directory with has downloads , photos , music etc. 
  anyting below is not accessible . 
  * no it doesnt but i imagine there are apps to access network shared drives, 
  * no , is not possible to sideload unless the app is developed by you ( and your dev keys ) and at that point you can use the visual basic and push the app . 
  but aside that , it is like apple . 
  its coming soon \u2122, 
  hopefully its coming soon \u2122, 
  i 'm planning to do that , sell my 930 ( which i dislike ) and go back to the 1020 . 
  i know the time between photos will increase but quality wise i would be hundred times more satisfied . 
  wow too bad i 'm in europe , otherwise some nice memorabilia there . 
  it does n't , at least not with the current firmware version . 
  hope they add this in a future update . 
  especially if you are riding a bike whilst raining, 
  [ microsoft available apps in android ] ( http://i.imgur.com/krsnp6a.jpg ), 
  some of them are not even available for wp, 
  exactly !, 
  the ultimate troll, 
  every time , always `` coming soon \u2122 '' ... 
  it is what it is, 
  same here , 2.9 gb . 
  thanks a lot it worked right way !, 
  to me it feels like a big windows phone now , but pobviously in my pc . 
  all the familiar things are there : cortana , mail , calendar . 
  everything was easy to sync with my google apps account ( mail , contacts , calendar ) as i would expected from wp . 
  so far i think microsoft edge feels much faster than chrome and cleaner look . 
  i checked the task manager and process wise edge behaved way better too . 
  i would expect the cortana sync to work ok and sync between my android and my lumia . 
  it does indeed looks bright , and i 'm really eager to see what they will come up . 
  it is just i lost confidence lately in wp as an o/s , hope ms change that soon . 
  same here , i put wp in a second place and got the lenovo vibe shot , quite decent phone for the price imo . 
  wp is not bad but we 've been sold so many promises that turned into dust so many times . 
  i still own a wp and i 'm waiting to see what w10 will bring but my expectations are n't that high anymore . 
  in the meantime , an android powered phone is my daily driver . 
  the thing i miss the most from wp is some apps . 
  it is incredible as it sounds , apps like 6tag , feedlab or readit are really really good . 
  sometimes even better than the official ones . 
  also the live tiles and lastly cortana , which i believe will be released for android anytime soon . 
  i will be returning to wp when they have a good apps ecosystem and come up with a surface phone with all the bells and whistles . 
  actually no , it was only the black 930 . 
  wo n't surprise me they used the same phone for every take . 
  haha epic !, 
  if good enough for a secret agent , then its good enough for me . 
  exactly !, 
  and halo 5 isnt even out , just wondering if that 's gon na be the dvd art work for the case, 
  placebo effect . 
  32 from uk , mostly battlefield 4 and halo mcc . 
  gamertag : frankiebloise, 
  he didnt go to alabama ... 
  so not everywhere ... 
  thanks for the heads up , just bought it . 
  this is to me the best epub reader for android . 
  agree , but what do you expect ? 
  they are europeans . 
  a glitch in the matrix, 
  not too good however i do n't think will be a problem . 
  microsoft licensed the here maps to be used in bing for several years so it wo n't affect us wp users . 
  the 920 is from 2012 so i think 3 years in phone age is like 60 in human years . 
  it was about time . 
  with electronics , it happens to a very small percentage , some internal part ( like a transistor ) blew up and next thing you know your phone gets unresponsive and not even turning on . 
  recommendation : get a 640 in the meantime . 
  unless he build the app himself following this :, 
  agreed , having a wp is really handy when travelling . 
  just put the offline maps and you 're good to go . 
  look for an unlocked phone , so you dont get the hassle with at&t . 
  i would recommend the lumia 920 from that list . 
  processor wise is not like the 635 but has more ram , better camera and better screen . 
  i was thinking getting a 435 here ( uk ) but i am rethinking getting a 920 instead , seems like a better choice . 
  hey thanks a lot for your insights , will have this in mind . 
  thanks a lot , exactly what i need . 
  one thing i noticed here is the price difference between the lumia 435 & 535 is like # 10 or # 15 . 
  would you think the 535 is a better choice ? 
  my budget is no more than # 50 so both phones are within this limit . 
  microsoft does n't provide access to such api 's for developers to make a call-recording app . 
  hopefully windows 10 is more open but so far and currently , this is not possible . 
  i 'm going for the 535 instead . 
  i know is a temporary phone but would n't want to be severely restricted in terms of apps or the front cam ( to use skype ) . 
  thanks, 
  yeah , i noticed that a [ few days back ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/windowsphone/comments/3f97z4/lumia_930_product_placement_all_over_mission/ ), 
  thanks , very appreciated, 
  impressive, 
  i never got the chance to take such nice photos with my l830 , at least my wife found better use for this phone as her main mobile phone . 
  any tips for the retouch part ? 
  thanks a lot for your insight !, 
  not much but the accent it has is the most cockney british accent possible . 
  some guys form south east england told me not even them speak like that . 
  checking it out !, 
  i am doing the same and switched to an android with 5.1.1 for the time being and gave my lumia to my brother however ended up getting a lumia 735 to play around until the flagships are released with continuum . 
  but i agree with few points . 
  wp is excellent , the only problem is the apps situation and that the o/s core is missing some bits that are available for ios or android since few years . 
  but i would say w10 is on the right track and once released , it will be much better features wise than what android currently has . 
  i understand your point but to be honest once launched , w10 will be much better feature wise than ios . 
  ios is dull and boring ( my wife owns an ipad mini 2 ) and it has n't change in the last few years , only cosmetics in the music player and the menus . 
  w10 is a major revamp , is build from scratch . 
  i am using it with a ( temporary ) lumia 735 and it is smooth and nice , it is what wp8 should 've been . 
  if i were you , i would wait a bit , like 1 or 2 months . 
  i know i will .
