  now it makes much more sense . 
  this happened to me . 
  i formatted the phone on 10536 then tried again . 
  it worked . 
  other solution is to try in a different pc . 
  agree with all those . 
  i discover the edge issue is only when using the black theme : it shows the fonts on white so they seem invisible . 
  that 's correct, 
  happy is a big word and relative for this . 
  am i ( partially ) satisfied ? 
  yes . 
  am i happy ? 
  not really . 
  nope , nada . 
  some network carriers had some special nfc sim cards which worked with the nfc payments in wp ( i.e. 
  orange france ) but we have n't heard about plans from microsoft to add this to w10 . 
  yup , i had the same thing . 
  its the nfc . 
  sounds like a rogue process or an application closed but that `` hung '' . 
  i think the 830 has it too ( i can see motion data details and the msn helath & fitness counts the steps ), 
  same here , especially since the uk offering is the 2gb ram/16gb combo , whilst americans get 3gb ram/32gb for $ 399 ( about # 270 ) ... why is that we always get f **** d when it comes to pricing ? 
  very nice app , shared this on facebook yesterday . 
  not surprised ... you ca n't sell phones if you keep pushing phones form 2013 and 2014 . 
  the competition is way ahead and offers new phones . 
  plus those delays high end delays . 
  heck , i could do a better job than those highly paid execs at microsoft . 
  ms keeps beating that dead horse ... i 'm 100 % sure it 's gon na come back to life any day now ... 
  no ideas , hopefully cpw will stock some demos but yet to see them . 
  no it does n't . 
  proshot takes photos at intervals and then you have to stitch them together in a pc and make yourself the timelapse , so its far from a convenient solution . 
  wpapp [ timelapse pro ] does timelapses but the quality of the result is a very low 360p resolution . 
  i am hoping for something native right in the camera . 
  i have used this app , quite nice but the output quality is n't that great , its like 360p . 
  geodefense swarm and plague inc, 
  i will wait for a proper camera review and comparison , usually steve litchfield makes them at allaboutwindowsphone site , i want to see how it compares with the lg g4 , which is said to be the best camera in android so far . 
  i mean # 450 is to me a lot of money considering tons of new phones can be found for half that price including the g4 . 
  same here , but it jumped to 8 % all of a sudden !, 
  guys , what is a moji ? 
  do you guys know of they are giving the continuum dock along with 950 preorders or was it just on the 950xl ? 
  i just see a box, 
  lol, 
  we should totally hang out bro, 
  i want to know this too, 
  if you have an xbox , you can use it there too . . 
  i got myself $ 30 gift card and got a xbox game , a music album and few apps . 
  i own the 930 so i can give you a bit of insight . 
  the latest version is a joy , very fast and stable . 
  i have n't tested hey cortana myself , but others say it works just fine . 
  battery life has improved a bit too and the camera can take full 20 megapixels photos now ( not that horrendous 5mpx + 20 combo as before ) . 
  i will suggest a 930 or icon , this phone holds at least few years more . 
  i would n't recommend a 640xl or anything with a snapdragon 400 , the icon is twice as fast . 
  too expensive for # 449 . 
  there are much better options at a cheaper price ( lg g4 for example , at around # 300 new ) . 
  i will wait until it goes down to # 350 or less . 
  but other stuff like the app store does n't bother me at all . 
  no , just the xl has that offer . 
  this is true , plus since they are within the eu ( including uk ) no added taxes are to be paid , not the same when ordering from asia or usa , where customs might charge full vat ( it happened to me once with some clothing ) . 
  ** one question though : **, 
  if i buy the 950xl on amazon.fr , will microsoft honour the continuum dock offer ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/mobile/microsoft-display-dock-offer/ ), 
  that 's the only reason might stop me . 
  i want the 950xl at the best price possible but with the continuum dock . 
  exactly, 
  just checked in my lumia 830 running w10 , they removed this option , its nowhere to be found . 
  at the end of the day we 're just numbers , they do n't really give a shit about none of us . 
  just cancelled my lumia 950 preorder ... that will teach them not to play with users . 
  good idea , will do . 
  i 'm seriously interested in this , care to share the wp app name for ownclowd ? 
  that 's exactly the reason behind those cut-offs . 
  same here , tested in three lumias : 1020 , 930 & 830 . 
  battery is terrible . 
  my 1020 is the worst of all , draining like 15 % per hour . 
  in the 830 a very weird thing was happening : the screen keep going off and one whilst using it . 
  like if there was a loose cable . 
  i revert back to wp8 and no errors whatsoever . 
  i think could be issues with the proximity sensor or something . 
  1020 speed was fast the first 24 hours . 
  after this , is crawling like a snail . 
  i 'm keeping the 930 on w10 , its the only one that is behaving kinda okayish . 
  the other two are not good . 
  * panorama : should be built in app . 
  no slow mo or timelapse videos apps . 
  * onedrive space got decreased to 5gb, 
  * the autocomplete words option is not present , i checked in both wp8 ,1 and w10 . 
  * i do n't think due to architecture , the lumia 950 still runs an arm processor and full desktop apps need a x86 processor to run . 
  to be honest , i think the 950 xl is not the correct decision . 
  i cancelled my preorder ( i tend to overthink things too much ) and i decided to wait for an unbiased review ( from pocketnow or aawp ) before committing to pay that much money for a phone . 
  man , they should make these little nice apps open source or something . 
  but i see microsoft killing all old lumia apps made by nokia ... sad days . 
  well , its a mix of things . 
  one is the fact that most of the features are avail in all my devices so i did n't think that as a true upgrade . 
  second , the onedrive really hit me hard , i dislike corporate actions like this , and i think the only way to hurt them is with my wallet . 
  and finally , apps i use a lot ( mint , my banks ) are slowly getting deprecated and removed . 
  the phone price will come down in 3 months ( around feb 2016 probably ) so i rather wait and see . 
  and to think it was so fast right after installing it . 
  but man , i sacrifice stability for bells & whistles . 
  z5 compact for me !, 
  i want something about the size of my lumia 1020 but packing a bunch of cool stuff . 
  the z5c is the only one in the market with those . 
  they finished the beta on the pc version , now they charge $ 49.99 to activate and remove the watermarks .
