  all the best from uk . 
  same here dear centipede , same here . 
  i am happy mr trump won , is the best not only for usa but also for the whole world future . 
  for me was a surprise , especially coming from a dual front speakers phone ( sony xperia z5 ) . 
  also how fast this iphone is , blows android away on similar spec ` ed androids . 
  good collection , i copied a few if you dont mind . 
  they look neat !, 
  you guys are the real mvp !, 
  using itunes i reckon if you configure a photos folder from the pc/mac it will sync videos too . 
  cant find it , apple store in uk, 
  same here, 
  same thing happened to me . 
  disabled calendar sync and use the google calendar app now . 
  its my favourite too but i was n't aware of narwhal having 3d touch functions . 
  you mean sweden 2.0, 
  looks good and is touch enabled , so it plays similar to the nintendo ds version . 
  the only thing put me off a bit after i bought it is it does not show in my other family members ( family sharing ) but i think thats nothing to do with the game itself and more of apple side . 
  i dont have a gpd xd but i had the same problem on a madcatz mojo . 
  i think this is down to permissions . 
  the only way i manage to play games in retroarch without the freezing is placing them on the internal memory . 
  only after android 6.0 i was able to play from microsd . 
  i tried all codes , they all have been taken darn !, 
  yeah , all sega megadrive ii there are pal/eu . 
  the only genesis is the nomad , that game gear is from usa too . 
  i also have a dreamcast ( not in photo ) which i got in toys r'us times square in 2001 for us$ 50 !, 
  yup , that 's me !, 
  i might save to get a cdx ( multi mega ) this year . 
  but i agree , the sega cd 1 has that retro cyberpunk feel . 
  long story . 
  but to simplify it : one came with the mega cd , another i bough it to use it strictly with the 32x and one i got it for parts ( for like # 8 ) to use the shell for a raspberry pi project and it turned out it was n't broken , the led was blown and dc jack a bit loose so i soldered a new led and resoldered the dc jack in place and is happily ever working lol, 
  i wan na know this too, 
  around # 70 a year ago . 
  it was like # 95 between the mcd1 , megadrive 1 and all sega-cd games there . 
  a bargain , i know !, 
  i know the feeling , such nostalgia . 
  so just to tell a bit of my story , genesis was my first console so for me it was definitely which console to start my collection . 
  plus i 've always been a `` sega boy '' . 
  after moving to europe , got myself all those consoles and slowly started my collection a year ago . 
  i know , a bit late since prices has gone up lately but that does n't put me off . 
  i hope for this year increase my collection in at least +30 genesis/megadrive games , +10 megacd/segacd games , +10 snes games and hopefully find a cheap good cdx or multimega . 
  i would happily pay up to $ 50 for that . 
  think about it : is a powerbase for sms games , also game gear ( that slot on the side ) . 
  one thing : if this adapter could be use on real hardware ( sega genesis/megadrive ) man i would buy 3 , one for each of my megadrive consoles i own lol . 
  same happened for both me and my wife 's iphone . 
  should delete and reinstall the facebook apps just in case . 
  not free in uk, 
  got them directly from [ watermelon ] ( https://www.magicalgamefactory.com/en/ ), 
  awesome setup !, 
  you gave me an idea , i might see if i can make a all-sega controllers shadowbox . 
  go for it , you just have to provide an old genesis box . 
  it contains the game manual , the game itself , some stickers and the inlays . 
  mine ended up looking like this :, 
  i 've tested on my megadrive 2 last night . 
  worked fine . 
  but it does not work in my megadrive 1 or in my genesis nomad . 
  in megadrive 1 makes a red screen . 
  in the nomad does not even boot . 
  yup , completely agree . 
  this is what you basically get : http://imgur.com/rqj816u, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!, 
  loads of triggered people in my facebook timeline lol, 
  my mum could barely finish the 2nd level from sonic the hedgehog . 
  the lcd includes both :, 
  also you might need the digitizer . 
  i fixed mine few months back . 
  followed ifixit guide . 
  took me like 45 minutes . 
  happy birthday !, 
  amazing photos !!, 
  btw how much does the whole trip cost ? 
  asking for a friend, 
  trump vs. obama inauguration : here are the real photos , you decide, 
  here 's the link for the pre-order page :, 
  i have the same and ca n't recommend it more , so far the best controller for android phones . 
  maybe is just me but it feels a lot like the xbox one elite controller . 
  one thing i want to add : it seems to emulate icade mode for iphones , i played with the happy chick emulator on my iphone 7 / ios10 - triggered by y+h ome . 
  better call saul, 
  true , they will be all over that and getting him a replacement within 24 hours . 
  switched my kids from cocoa puffs to nesquick cereal . 
  not a big hole but sure they wo n't be getting # 2.50 a week from me . 
  to answer question 3 , probably the gpd xd can do this , but thats a portable android box . 
  also regarding quesiton # 1 , only the ds3 controller works . 
  i tried pairing my psp go with a gamesir bluetooth controller , it didnt even bother to find it lol . 
  same issue here , i ended up returning it back to pi hut . 
  funny is i have a pi zero ( non w ) and all my three memory cards i tested worked fine . 
  but when plugged into the pi zero w all i got was a rainbow as video output . 
  nothing yet, 
  great stuff !, 
  that was very beautiful, 
  nice one , got it at the moment because i know my son will eventually use it when he starts high school . 
  thanks !, 
  praying for our friends there , they really suffering the birth of cuba 2.0 right now . 
  nice combo !, 
  red iphone 7 plus and the series 2 space grey . 
  my airpods are arriving tomorrow !, 
  same thing here , i saw facebook consuming 42 % of the battery in 24 hrs . 
  i just remove it , will reinstall it in three months . 
  wife 's iphone 7, 
  color in person looks even nicer, 
  get them , highly recommended .
