  same here, 
  excellent find !, 
  is there an app for pokemon go ? 
  never got the micromachines game to work in my retron 5 however it played like 95 % of the games i own . 
  i only had troubles with three games : micromachines , alien 3 and toki . 
  same here, 
  another reason for wp to stay productive : they will have shitty cameras . 
  basically, 
  same for the buckinghamshire area , small single bedroom flats around # 750 where i live , and increasing up to almost # 2k for 4 bedrooms . 
  house prices are inflated , a small 2 bedroom flat is like # 250,000 already . 
  in other note those morrisons crispies are the real mvp !, 
  same problem here , sony xperia z5, 
  same issue, 
  i cleared google play services and the app store cache , rebooted phone , reinstalled pokemon and same issue . 
  i rather get an iphone, 
  i second this, 
  same here , terrible when having to wait for pokemon go load screen . 
  btw i thought the update to 6.0.1 would address that , it seems it does n't . 
  glorious !, 
  but it 's always canada or uk , they never threaten to leave the country and go to ... mexico . 
  god bless her , and god bless america !, 
  we certainly do, 
  can confirm , laggy as fuck . 
  wish i could change the physical camera button to launch camera fv-5, 
  always wanted that one , damn it . 
  ended up getting a yellow garfield because the shop ran out of the mario ones, 
  england here , drowzees everywhere after the last update . 
  we joked and said they will replace ratattas and pidgeys as the lower tiered pokemons . 
  for genesis there is the everdrive md v3 and the mega everdrive, 
  such an excellent speech , clear and concise . 
  just hated those shills interrupting trump several times when he was saying exactly what turned detroit into a shithole . 
  this speech is high energy , we can feel it across the ocean !, 
  or a mix of both . 
  i used to have all those issues and i think has to do with the fact that my z5c is branded by threeuk ( 3 ) , i wish i was able to debrand without losing my banking app setup etc. 
  people using unbranded phones rarely complain of lags or performance hiccups . 
  same here , i was like tf, 
  thanks for the screenshots / u/battoosh i was asking myself this so much appreciated . 
  if you dont mind , i would like to ask if the sip account settings are present in this phone ( those are in the phone app settings ), 
  it shows how `` progressive '' democrats are . 
  pundits agree ( they do n't ), 
  wow good find , enjoy op !, 
  thanks, 
  sega all the way . 
  wow this is impressive . 
  i wish to do it once i buy my own house . 
  i can confirm , have many friends in ny ( dominican-york ) and they do love handouts . 
  changing that status quo is a nay nay so they all voting democrat . 
  wow , lovely photos !, 
  is that the golden temple in amritsar ? 
  the genesis games work because the 32x works as a passthrough . 
  when you put a 32x game , what do you see ? 
  i had an issue similar to yours . 
  genesis/megadrive games worked fine . 
  32x games where showing a green screen . 
  i cleaned the pins on the 32x and retry several times until it worked . 
  then no idea bro :(, 
  until it breaks or niantic starts banning people , then you all will grab your pitch forks and burn google as the devil reincarnation . 
  thanks , just added my email for the invite , 
  lol, 
  i agree , its so difficult and complicated . 
  thanks for the advise , it makes it more easy . 
  gon na play tonight as i could n't complete this due to lack of control pad . 
  i want trump to match hillary in the same city to show her who really gathers more people at their respective events . 
  i installed the apk from apkmirror and could validate my number after few hours of trying . 
  also snatcher here although i only own a cd-r copy . 
  agree with you 100 %, 
  and more racial division, 
  i second this , especially when connected to the sega cd 1, 
  i agree on all points except for # 2 . 
  why should a legal resident be penalised or forbidden to send money to let 's say their mother in mexico ? 
  i reckon better controls ( like have to show an official id as a legal resident ) and limit the amount to be sent sounds like a much better option . 
  you took him out of context . 
  he said he will stop all wire transfers unless mexico pays for the wall . 
  if they dont pay , the he will stop the almost 24 billion in wore transfer sent every year from usa to mexico , mostly by illegal immigrants . 
  i will friendly agree with you and again i replied not with the intentions of a shitpost , mate . 
  at the end we pursuit the same goal : go trump !, 
  subscribed too , good video # 1 streets of rage is well deserved as it is without question the best beat them up game ever . 
  who gives a shit, 
  glad to hear these good news, 
  europe is watching you . 
  make it happen , we also need a trump here . 
  liberals agenda are destroying western civilization as we know it . 
  i second this , riiighhhtttt, 
  i use a psp go . ostly but recently upgraded my phone to a sony xperia z5 so been playing from my phone lately more than on the psp go , btw using it with a nes30 bluetooth . 
  should read : trump gives 100,000 donation for flood relief . 
  unless obviously you want to push a political agenda in this sub . 
  reading the responses i can see op is pro-hillary meanwhile others are pro-trump ( and severely down voted as usual ) . 
  please do n't bring political crap here . 
  thanks . 
  edit :, 
  guess the downvotes made it very clear . 
  hillary shills have invaded this sub as well . 
  you people disgust me . 
  the psp will be fine for anything pre-32bits era so anything 8bits ( nes , master system , gameboy/gameboy color ) and 16 bits ( sega genesis/snes ) should be fine . 
  it also plays ps1 ( psx ) games natively . 
  but anyting else wont work ( n64 , some intensive snes games , dreamcast ) . 
  a latest generation android phone is a much better choice if you planning on emulating all those systems . 
  hey there mate , when you point the obvious in this sub , they downvote you to oblivion . 
  unless your comment aligns with their agenda . 
  i posted that the $ 100,000 donation from trump was as a flood relief , and instead the op posted making it look like trump is a racist antigay hater .
