  i have another phone ( galaxy s6 ) so was n't too bothered to pursuit a solution . 
  not true , i have it paired with both my lumia 830 and samsung galaxy s6 and it works with both , depending on which has the bluetooth turned on . 
  but i never had to remove the md12 prior to pairing with another device . 
  hahaha i see what you did there lol * slowclaps, 
  lol, 
  tell me about it , i live in england and the sun is up about 4:30 am , had to put blackout blinds in my room windows . 
  this sounds interesting . 
  will this work with google mail for business ? 
  alabama ? 
  i was interested until i saw that spec ... 
  looking for something like an updated mx4 to be honest . 
  from a movie, 
  shhh ... 
  i dont want microsoft to tackle that , i mean this is what my son loves the most about his lumia 822 : the free sonic the hedgehog games, 
  i ask myself that same question, 
  my lumia 830 gives me 1 day and 22 hours . 
  i am impressed . 
  i second this , also microsoft should really take advantage of the band . 
  for example , xbox fitness users should be able to use the band for some fitness purpose and be able to sync that . 
  so much possibilities ... they should pull their finger out and step up . 
  the driver was 4 years old, 
  natural selection will take care of that, 
  helps the economy, 
  thanks for this mate , top apps, 
  they are heavily advertised here in the uk too , see them in bus stops all the time . 
  haha exactly , that 's the one, 
  yeah but the music video for `` stronger '' by clean bandit was pretty dope , all those 930 's and the matrix effect . 
  `` after the station changed location , two groups of urban explorers and uvb-76 followers travelled to the remote russian town in an attempt to visit the military bunker that the signal had originated from for over thirty years . 
  when they reached the town , a local man told them about the storm of 2010 . 
  one night a dense fog rolled in , and the military outpost was evacuated within ninety minutes . '', 
  creepy as hell, 
  the ad here :, 
  i think this will be close to 21 megapixels or even more . 
  this is one of the reasons i chosen the xbox one over the ps4 . 
  cortana will be a major plus , bc i have a nokia lumia 830 ( which has cortana too ) . 
  i imagine been able to ask cortana in the xb1 about the weather and ask to remind me to buy some milk & bread on my next visit to tesco ( my nearest supermarket ) . 
  epic !, 
  i changed mine to regional settings - us ( english ) as i could n't stand the cockney robotic accent cortana has here in the uk . 
  hope he gets better soon, 
  does anyone has issues with cortana ? 
  i ask anything but only throws back a search result , not with her voice . 
  other than that , this build is stable smooth and excellent compared to the previous one . 
  a `` social experiment '', 
  i 'm doing a hard reset now , i found cortana did n't have voice and the music app icon redirects to the store beta for w10 music app . 
  i know you are frustrated but let me quote joe belfiore 's fav words :, 
  `` it will come , just be patient '' ... 
  lol , i have been patient since windows 7.5 `` mango '' !, 
  that does n't mean hooker or prostitute . 
  source :, 
  i speak espa\u00f1ol, 
  as the image shows , my microsoft health app is consuming way too much battery . 
  does the band allows standalone usage ? 
  that is using the band the whole day and then sync results with the phone in the night . 
  i 'm trying to avoid having bluetooth enable in my phone the whole day to see if the battery lasts a bit more . 
  gon na switch to my lumia 830 then and see how it goes , thanks, 
  i have had in a previous version of whatsapp yeah , but not anymore, 
  galaxy s6 edge running android 5.0, 
  that 's why we you have kids around that age you got ta be extra careful and all eyes , one minute they are next to you , next thing you know they are trying to kill themselves . 
  closed caption : gar gar gar gar , oh shit . 
  funny thing is probably in a thousand years people will take this seriously and they will really belive this was god and all that . 
  source : i 'm a time traveller , jesuschrist was not a carpenter , he ran a convenience store in main street , nazareth, 
  i really wish there was something like the family sharing plan apple uses in ios . 
  i want my son to have his own email and the the possibility for him to download apps i have purchased from my master account . 
  the reason why i do n't want to put my main email on my son 's phone is because all my amazon , twitter and facebook are attached to that account . 
  i have seen in the xbox one in the parental part you can add another account but it is only to create restrictions and what time of day to play , etc. 
  that 's the nokia su-8w , surprisingly works fine with the latest wp8 .1 update 2 . 
  check out `` netscan - network ... '' for windows phone http://www.windowsphone.com/s?appid=655cd085-709d-4853-a6fb-5d4c4191f44e, 
  yes it does, 
  same here so i ended up pairing the band with my lumia , no battery life impact so far . 
  got it , switched regions and now is showing the correct currency . 
  however now is giving me payment failed errors , i think this phone hates me . 
  let me check what could be . 
  after like 10 attempts finally got it . 
  not sure but turning my wi-fi off helped . 
  btw i 'm using this app in a lumia 830 and now with a lumia 930 , run smooth and a perfect example how wp apps should be coded . 
  kudos to you and thanks for your help . 
  source : a satisfied readit user , 
  it is there for me , however i removed the app in wp 8.1 prior to doing the upgrade . 
  it does that in few other apps so yeah , known bug . 
  can this one sync itunes playlist using the windows phone desktop app ? 
  i surely can in wp8 .1, 
  is the only thing putting me away from w10 at the moment . 
  exactly the same was happening to me , found i was offline . 
  as soon as i connected to wifi , the problem was gone . 
  hope that helps . 
  on the bright side , he can start wearing a pirates eye patch . 
  i think bookviser works the best , but there is also freda available . 
  completely agree , i have a lumia 930 and a 830 . 
  on both i can get easily 2 full solid days , whilst in my galaxy s6 i have to charge the phone after a mere 16 hrs of use . 
  this never cease to amaze me . 
  as a matter of fact , i swapped the s6 being the main phone , and its now the lumia 930 . 
  impressive , hope this continues with w10mobile . 
  try timelapse pro , i have done very nice videos with that little app . 
  just to add , another thing i noticed is that the whatsapp calling feature does n't work with w10 , whislt it does in wp8 .1, 
  but yeah , text are not coming or sending with the latest . 
  i also have a lumia 930 . 
  excellent price , i paid the same for an used lumia 830 like a week ago , but if i did n't have this one , i would definitely take advantage of this offer . 
  i would definitely pay for a good crafted feedly app . 
  in the meantime i have to use nextgen reader but it doesnt save photos and the app becomes clumsy when you sync more than 500 articles . 
  this shit sounds like the 6th sense , very creepy .
