  i used to have a 930 . 
  i posted the same question but about the [ lumia 1520 here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/windowsphone/comments/3hg1cb/is_getting_a_lumia_1520_worth_it_at_this_point_in/ ), 
  not really no , if the flagships were out now i would n't buy them as i 'm still on a contract until next year november so . 
  thanks a lot for your response , i used to own the 930 ( gave it to my brother ) but i was thinking the same : the 930 goes around # 150 lately but i already have a 5 inch android as my main phone . 
  the 1520 would be used more as a phablet : read books in bookviser , some occasional photos as its camera excels , but i think the most important is how convenient is to have a microsd slot there to increase the memory cheaply . 
  just tested and no , it does n't i 'm afraid . 
  hahaha, 
  he said [ deleted ], 
  hey there , glad you got it . 
  i did n't root mine otherwise the bank apps cease to work . 
  about the led , it only lights up when charging , lenovo did n't bother making it work for notifications . 
  i tried several apps to see if worked but it did n't , i think is the way is designed , hopefully lenovo can add this to the firmware in a future update . 
  yours came with the chinese or international firmware ? 
  that was a weird thing to watch, 
  im up for that guys , spanish here !, 
  is n't wp7 considered vintage ? 
  there you go guys , the next disney princess !, 
  more like romanian or bulgarian or turkish , but not indian . 
  michael bay finale, 
  this worked , thanks a lot . 
  link or did n't happen, 
  i agree , a lumia 930 can be found around # 160 in mint condition nowadays . 
  same thing happened to me , ordered south park : stick of truth uncut , it was a steam code and a good price . 
  they said on the payment screen : paypal - you will need to send a verification id . 
  so i chosen credit card instead , still my order was stopped and its asking me to :, 
  take a photo of a photo id next to a page with the ig initials and the website in your monitor as a background . 
  thats damn shady specially since no company outside uk is allowed to ask for personal details ( data protection act ) . 
  i opened a ticket and asked them to cancel it . 
  true , i tried yesterday and i was the only one playing , waited like 15 minutes but no one joined always showing the `` waiting for players '' msg . 
  to me they look like another 640 with improved specs . 
  did n't have any issues on my l735 but yh some people say to fix it a reinstall will do, 
  well , to put it this way i was way more impressed with the recent blackberry venice leaks ( the slider running android ) , i might even ditch wp and go there . 
  yeah agree , that reminds me of the 830 `` affordable flagship '' which had a price of almost $ 500 when launched . 
  people would prefer an iphone or a galaxy s5 ( back at that time ) . 
  got it , thanks for the advise . 
  you are talking about unconfirmed specs like usb-c , pen support and pureview front cam . 
  i never keep my hopes that high when it comes to wp . 
  they always end up compromising something , but time will tell . 
  enough to send her to spain to learn spanish for 6-8 months . 
  by that time and knowing how expensive minutes to europe are ( unless you skype ) she will get over the boyfriend in no time . 
  that 's my advise . 
  but co-signing her rent and giving her the cash will just invite the bf & the gang to live for free . 
  exactly my point, 
  sounds terrible , hope they sort this out it is clear their fault . 
  europe is n't that bad , sex trafficking happens even in usa if we were to dig about that . 
  exactly my point plus the time zone difference will really bother the bf . 
  bloody buzzfeed started it all, 
  august isnt over , we still have until tomorrow, 
  if wp had the marketshare , ads will be better ( more people , more adverts impressions ), 
  but in the current state , it is more profitable for them to sell their apps or even use in-app purchases to ask for support . 
  no it is not possible . 
  i have used the same principle in my family and the best companies for this are amazon and apple . 
  apple has the family sharing which allows you to share every app with any people inside that circle , everyone keeps their own private email . 
  amazon does something very similar . 
  google , to an extend , allows you to sign up with a 2nd account and gives you the option to download apps purchased in that account . 
  the only problem is of course the privacy : i do n't want my kids looking at my emails or messing up with my calendar . 
  but the option is there at least . 
  the wp store does not have that . 
  although you can sign with a second outlook.com account , it will be only for emails/calendar/contacts , not for apps . 
  microsoft only allows one app for the integration with the phone . 
  hope this explanation helps out . 
  can confirm , i also have the 735 and could use miracast with a fire tv stick as the receiver . 
  the option is located in settings -  project my screen and you need to have the wifi turned on for this to work . 
  i know , it is not very family oriented . 
  i wish microsoft had support for this , that way i could buy my kids all hp tablets ( those $ 99 hp 7 '' ones ) and buy student apps in one then share it across all . 
  same principle applies for windows phones . 
  funny thing is i also own an android and the wp central app for android is miles ahead the wp counterpart . 
  honestly , i am not sure whats the hold up . 
  thanks , did n't know about this . 
  not as good as the z10 to be honest , i had a q10 with microhdmi too and that was damn awesome . 
  for normal stuff ( photos , videos ) its ok , but for gaming i would n't even bother . 
  surprisingly , the lumia 735 was much better on this than my s6 edge , that one really lagged when using this feature . 
  thanks !, 
  ha ha, 
  i got the dvd , when my son was around 5 yrs old , he made me play that like 7 times on a sunday ... god , i really hate g-force . 
  man 's hand here too , can confirm . 
  i really like this phone , it reminds me of my first wp : lumia 800 . 
  also i 'm very impressed with the battery life , the other day lasted 2 full days , using it for calls/text/whatsapp and playing music for 4-6 hours a day ( at work , on my way home , etc ) . 
  really a good phone , to me much better than the lumia 640 . 
  ** some photos : **, 
  [ front ] ( http://www.esato.com/phonephotos/cam/lenovo/lenovo_z90a40/201508302346ls6jf9.jpg ), 
  [ back ] ( http://www.esato.com/phonephotos/cam/lenovo/lenovo_z90a40/201508302346sykgg7.jpg ), 
  dump his ass , he now sees you as a bank . 
  same here , full of `` meh '' and loads of people `` jumping '' all the time . 
  i know , right ? 
  impressive and full of 4k glory !, 
  looks very thin and stylish . 
  do n't forget the galaxy w , the same as y but with wifi ... 
  it will never look like that i 'm afraid . 
  they went with the 640/640 xl design road , which some of us older nokia fanboys kinda hate . 
  i was hoping for a 925 / 830 / 930 design continuation . 
  haha , i see what you did there !, 
  well , for a start , those things were actually programmed and put there by nokia , not by microsoft . 
  back in the days nokia was more proactive towards wp than microsoft itself , hence all these goodies as well as all the apps : cinemagraph , lumia camera , creative studio , etc. 
  100 % agree, 
  agree , i 'm with you guys , uk here . 
  at least its an option here in uk , they sent me one long time ago when i use to sell tons of stuff in ebay . 
  skinny wrist here , can confirm, 
  just bought it , it decteted and recognized a subway subcard uk passbook file right from my email , awesome app . 
  can wallet pass export to the main wallet app ?
