  really hate these shills pushing their narrative . 
  not sure why you get so defensive . 
  i posted my opinion , this post is mostly political and taken out of context . 
  if i want to see that , i should tune cnn . 
  can we keep / r/atheism apolitical ? 
  exactly my point , got downvoted to oblivion . 
  political posts ( from either group - trump or hillary ) should kept out of this sub . 
  now i 'm getting phone adverts , i second what you guys said : can we please have a clear concise dashboard and leave ads for the store ? 
  i ended up converting back to catholicism and unsubscribed this sub . 
  i put my kids to sleep playing a 2hrs + compilation of songs , lovely ost . 
  and to me this is the best rpg of all times ( thats a lot considering i grew up being a sega genesis fanboy ), 
  looks very nice , enjoy !, 
  agree, 
  \u00e8 necessario - italian here, 
  thanks for your kind words . 
  i 'm currently living in uk but i have family not too far from the epicenter , glad they are all fine and house only had like small crack . 
  genuinely nice game , cross platform and one of the first to do it for wp . 
  sad to see it gone . 
  : expect the usual microsoft apologists say `` never heard of it , ca n't be bothered '', 
  its very funny and nice , i use it to teach and discuss with my kids . 
  guess i will be selling the small hp stream 7 tablet and will be getting an android or ipad . 
  galaxy s7 got shit on this one !, 
  here , have a cookie, 
  answer : to buy influence in d.c. 
  i have the same trucker styled hat , i have triggered so many people especially at work . 
  i agree with you but google is too dumb to profit on opportunities like this . 
  waiting should be part of their mantra . 
  nice, 
  quality wise , the best comparable device will be the samsung galaxy note 7 . 
  simple answer : no , is not . 
  massive landslide !, 
  hey , do n't need to be butthurt about it . 
  you do n't need to be a genius to see google has tons of messenger apps . 
  is not difficult , is not reinventing the wheel . 
  yet they proven wrong and every time they do n't listen to users feedback . 
  guess we are in to see at least 20 more messengers from google in our life time , right my butthurt friend ? 
  sloth spirit trapped there . 
  luckily they are too slow to cause any harm . 
  i think the op in that kind of post is answered by the same op but with a 2nd throwaway account . 
  in reality , there are no more than 100 wp8 users in the whole world . 
  so much energy \u26a1 maga !, 
  hillary 's in contrast look like my local church alcoholic anonymous meetings . 
  really inspiring speech , the place was full of energy . 
  liberals are damn hypocrites, 
  communist as in cuba or north korea ? 
  tendies and handouts/free money $ $, 
  microsoft , for so many reasons . 
  i was into their ecosystem and had windows phone , smartband , xbox and home pc . 
  pretty much everything was microsoft . 
  xbox fitness is one , made me buy a xbox one with kinnect and helped me a lot with my fitness , they decided to cancel this out and screw anyone who purchased p90x modules for it ( at around $ 150 ) . 
  solo it after this . 
  phones is the other , they managed to buy nokia phone unit and dismantled it within 2 years , fired a shit load of my friends in the process . 
  went from having like 15 % market share to almost non existent here in europe . 
  i learn to avoid digital purchases because the terms and conditions said you are basically renting it not really owning it . 
  yeah screw microsoft . 
  is not even certain that microsoft has a surface phone in the making . 
  uk checking in . 
  we need trump too !, 
  same here , stopped watching him ever since . 
  he is supporting the left agenda and only attacking trump . 
  if he was also dedicating one of his shows to hillary would have been seen more balanced . 
  the surface phone is just a rumor . 
  i reckon windows central created the rumor out of the blue to keep their readers interested in windows phones and to stir up excitement since there is n't any anymore . 
  microsoft as usual , `` streamlining '' their market, 
  i like domino 's in the uk , much better and less greasy than us counterpart . 
  glad i can always count on their app on my android phone , that one was not pulled :d :d, 
  if we play the same game , then same as rumored release of the surface phone ... 
  provide a platform for oems ... how has that worked for windows 10 mobile ? 
  first xbox fitness , now this ... 
  they seriously shooting themselves on the foot, 
  me too , i ended up selling my xbox one after they cancelled xbox fitness . 
  also after the big fiasco with lumias and how most apps started getting pulled , man i just went to android and use my pc for occasional gaming . 
  actually they are quite good . 
  their android app to use this band is excellent . 
  feels like a dej\u00e1 v\u00fa, 
  kid probably dislocated his neck ouch, 
  same here, 
  the surface phone you fanboys been waiting !, 
  *** am i insane for seriously considering a lumia 950 over an iphone 7 ? 
  yes , you are, 
  haha savage, 
  i will , provided they release the phone with no battery issues . 
  still need to be on nougat 7.0 +, 
  i want to ask the same , however my second language is italian, 
  what a beauty !, 
  nope , just watched a video and you have to manually `` paint '' the area you want to de-focus . 
  i was about to buy the app , but i just think is the case they want to profit from the iphone 7 plus portrait mode momentum . 
  you can do this for free using tons of apps ( snapseed , focustwist , tadaa , among others ) . 
  this blogger made a video if you 're interested :, 
  i got a normal one but i am interested in those 3d - edge to edge glass protectors . 
  can you share your personal experience ? 
  awesome , thanks a lot !, 
  passing over tons of richer countries like sa , uae and turkey, 
  thanks a lot , this saved me . 
  wiggling and prying ( even with bare hands ) worked fine for me . 
  nice !, 
  #cute couple !, 
  #been absolutely incredible brigading with all of you . 
  against all odds , ridiculed and humiliated everywhere just for been a trump supporter . 
  well , take that political correctness !,
