  edit :, 
  just found and it does export to the main wallet app . 
  awesome app this one , recommended worth every cent !, 
  sorry to hear that latin brother , soy dominicano but i live in europe . 
  i know what it feels to be in our countries with no opportunities nor future . 
  hope you succeed and wish you all the best . 
  my nokia history is similar , the only difference is i started buying back each and every nokia i had to sell when i was living in latin america . 
  i have some jewels like n90 , n93 , n82 , lumia 800 , and some more , slowly but getting there . 
  i have around 14 nokia phones right now . 
  * they look amazing *, 
  no , they do n't, 
  did n't work for me, 
  agree , of all the designs available they had to take it after the 640 and to make it worse , that chromed ring in the camera ughhhh ... 
  i much prefer the acer jade or the xperia z5 for all it matters . 
  this chap created a meme generator app ... then you asked for some real world uses for the app so that 's why he mentioned all those chat apps : you make the meme then share it . 
  because they look like 640 with a chromed camera ring . 
  the 735 follows the most lovely design nokia ever made : fabula . 
  plus it reminds me of the n9 / lumia 800 , that 's why the 735 stands out . 
  got it , i thought you said pushbullet by mistake but was still referring to the meme generator, 
  well not too difficult as my contacts are saved in google , my photos are in my microsd and the apps i can download them again . 
  anything else is basically doing a transfer to my pc then back to the new phone ( lenovo vibe ) . 
  changelog :, 
  * bug fixes, 
  lol . 
  i was hoping for calls or even videocalls . 
  surprisingly is quite stable in my other phone ( an android ) and call quality is top , although i prefer something more cross-platform like the whatsapp call feature . 
  ** why is microsoft making all these changes to the apps i use and like ? 
  * our goal is to provide experiences that work really well on all windows devices . 
  in order to do that , we need to focus on making our windows 10 core photos and camera apps great . 
  yeah right , thats just b.s. 
  hahaha excellent summary , spot on !, 
  then why would they cancel these apps and associated services if there is no replacement announced ? 
  it is happening the same thing all over ( zune , fitness and health , etc ), 
  i remember zune , that was damn good back in my lumia 800 days . 
  then when wp8 came out they broke everything . 
  then every year they change the name ( do n't know why ) and keep breaking more stuff . 
  but they did had a very good management app with zune , i 'm not sure why they did n't continue that , it was mature enough . 
  instead they shoving down our throats these beta pos garbage . 
  * rommel was taking selfies with his galaxy s6 ... 
  it even has panorama *, 
  epic !, 
  i have an idea though : why do n't microsoft gives the app permissions and actual coding to someone willing to carry on the app updates like rudy huyn ( 6tag dev ) or the guy behind readit ?? 
  is just an idea because what i noticed is loads of people still using those apps and willing to leave it on their phone to not lose it . 
  also , for the people saying they could n't care because they never used them : that 's your problem not mine . 
  i used the panorama app quite a lot for my holidays , now i 'm screwed . 
  i want these apps as they were well matured stable enough and fun to show android and ios users . 
  hate hate, 
  i asked him back in july about this via [ twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/fbloise/status/620551208709791744 ) and he confirmed was coming soon ( the real coming soon , not the microsoft kind ) . 
  this is a nice addition to we wp users . 
  i tested it today in my lumia 735 ( screen feels a bit small but the experience is almost as good ) . 
  i wish we could also watch non 360 degrees videos with the google cardboard , i will ask poppyto via twitter about that . 
  ** some images : **, 
  i once heard skype only has 300 million active users at a given time . 
  facebook messenger has 500 mill . 
  fb messenger has text , chat , pics and calls/video calls in android and ios since the end of 2014 with a much better quality than skype . 
  since is cross platform , i replaced face time with this to call my daughter ( she uses ios and i mostly android ) . 
  the true thing here is considering microsoft used to be king on the im department ( msn messenger , windows live messenger ) then skype , i think they 've been very slow . 
  tell you what : the day facebook decides to bring calls to the windows phone version will be the nail in the coffin for skype . 
  wmpu for daily news and aawp for more mature reviews and analysis . 
  wcentral : it used to be very good but it has turned into an xbox website . 
  plus mr rubino is a joke . 
  or a brit ... 
  can confirm as an ex-adventist , there was another time i asked my 1st grade teacher why the sky was cloudy , she said was the angels getting mad for all our sins ... 
  exactly , mms has a limit of 300kb , so any videos will be aggressively compressed . 
  use whatsapp or viber as they have a higher video size limit , i think whatsapp is 16mb . 
  it uses wifi for the a-gps thingy ( assisted gps ) . 
  sometimes it does n't even need connectivity . 
  i tested this with an ipod touch 5th gen when i went to spain last year . 
  added album in [ imgur ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/gsto5/ ), 
   people say it 's good enough for daily use . 
  people say it 's smooth apart from the lack of hotspot wifi feature . 
  i think they are wrong . 
  is because some people here live in a constant denial . 
  w10 is way buggy , i had the same issues in both a 930 and also a 735 , the whole os felt like a big buggy html5 webpage . 
  for me the biggest problem was the store , apps took forever to download , also the very difficult and illogical in some cases . 
  but i agree with your post . 
  this is an unfinished os and should be only tested on 2nd hand devices , not on the main phone . 
  well guys , desperate times requires desperate measures . 
  one lumia that looks like that will appeal more to iphone users . 
  does it look cheaper than the 950 and 950 xl previous concepts , the one people are saying will be the final design ? 
  to me this one looks more premium ,, 
  one can only hope . 
  true , it looks like a mix between a 830/930 & an iphone . 
  looks very premium nonetheless . 
  i will be happy if the new lumias looked like this and not like a revised 640xl . 
  it kinda reminds me of the lumia 830 with rounded corners . 
  far to be considered final indeed . 
  dat chromed ring ... damn it . 
  tell me about it , those leaks from last week looked like a revised 640xl , but uglier : that ugly ass chromed ring in the back . 
  almost two years waiting for a flagship , i know . 
  that 's where the headphones jack is located in like 95 % of all phones . 
  so i do n't know why you are ranting . . did you want the audio jack on the side perhaps ? 
  10/10 , can confirm, 
  i agree with you , even though we all know what apple presented today are mere copies from others inventions . 
  man , some wp fanboys really live in denial . 
  they do n't accept some constructive criticisms and still paint wp as `` the best os without any issues or lack of apps '' . 
  that 's correct , still anyone with spare 15 minutes could jailbreak their iphone and install a tweak to enable hey siri without having the iphone connected to a power source . 
  and copied the surface pro pen and keyboard-cover , even though in 2012 they said who uses pens in this digital era . 
  good for you, 
  when i saw that i quickly thought : `` hmm , wait a minute , this looks quite familiar '' .
