  is not that w10 shills will buy a sonos speaker , they just want the app available for w10 , it does n't matter if they will ever use it . 
  that 's patented for windows phone lol, 
  it doesnt happen to my flagship 640xl so your issue its an one-off . 
  why do we need opera in the first place ? 
  we have edge , the most advanced browser ever , in use by 909 % of the population - using w10m . 
  i feel your response offensive and rude , and preventing me to express my freedom of speech . 
  that one makes sense because the 950 has the iris camera ( like kinnect ) but the call recording its available even on a phone running the snapdragon 200 !!!, 
  thats like the biggest piece of s. , only in use by wearables and obviously microsoft for their low end . 
  triggered !, 
  same here , i hate the usual microsoft 's justification that `` it needs a special hardware only present on newer models blah blah '', 
  sor2 beats made me love house music as my favorite genre, 
  your explanation sounds more like a personal choice rather than facts . 
  i own the retron5 and isnt that bad as you described it . 
  i kinda was guessing your real reason for this : seems you are butt-hurt for the libretto thing . 
  that is n't my problem and if retroarch feels hyperkin is wrong , then they should take them to court like civilized people would do . 
  if you had hardware issues , as easy as returning it for a full refund . 
  so is not that they are pointing a gun at you to buy one forcefully . 
  i guess i am a happy user , played few times with my son , mostly sega genesis games and never had any issue . 
  also been able to play in my 4k tv ( has no scart or a/v input , only hdmi ) has been a plus for me . 
  ah ... jason wart and his paradigms, 
  i think the same , like this is all part of a bigger plan, 
  another boring long post by jason wart . 
  this is what politics is about . 
  they do n't care about supporters ( see bernie 's example ) . 
  every time i see this type of article , my eyes roll so hard i fear they will snap in the back lol, 
  perhaps another proof of microsoft commitment to uwp and the whole w10 conundrum ... 
  looking forward for this to be released for android . 
  i did n't post this mate , i just gave you my opinion . 
  why so mad ? 
  ** edit : **, 
  * `` microsoft 's iphone version of word flow includes some extra additions that are n't available on windows phone . 
  you can customize the keyboard background with your own image , and there 's also a one-handed mode '' *, 
  i have no use for it , i do n't own an ios however i would be happy to see this for android . 
  its one of the things i miss about wp . 
  thats a good example of microsoft logic ( vs like common sense logic ) . 
  instead of lowering the prices down a bit , ex . 
  lumia 650 is bloody overpriced in india compared to other brands with much better specs xiaomi , huawei and even samsung . 
  now doing this pointless bogof in only places where they do n't stand a chance or have a big marketshare . 
  got ta try that one , thanks, 
  i call him a rabid fanboy . 
  butt hurt much ? 
  i 'm sticking with the native xperia keyboard , its the only one that can let me use two languages without problems . 
  plus i dont trust swiftkey after it became free . 
   hey at least microsoft has a keyboard worth bragging about . 
  in another mobile os , lol !, 
   d that much about my os of choice , and i was a pretty big fanboy . 
  i used to be rabid but not like him but there is as much as a human being can withstand . 
  too much b.s. 
  from microsoft made me move on and find other hobbies , like retrogaming etc. 
  i have considered selling my old nokias collection and dump this phone non-sense for good . 
  perhaps / u/itskai should do the same : move on and find a nicer hobby . 
  i realized exactly that one day : fighting over a company which at the end sees all of us as mere numbers was n't healthy , consumed too much time and to be honest there was nothing positive about it . 
  so i sold my lumia 950xl , gave my microsoft band to my best friend and only kept my xbox one and my home pc as microsoft products . 
  switched to android as my main phone and bought a second hand ipad mini 1 for reading , got ta keep a balance among all my devices and i learnt the hard way : ** never ever keep all your eggs in one basket . 
  i second that , excellent guide thanks a lot for sharing . 
  the reason why i got a second hand psp go : loaded all kinds of genesis , snes and gameboy emulators and they all play great . 
  beware , at that pace you will end up having more wp subs than wp users lol, 
  i do n't blame her . 
  exactly !, 
  using skype on android , can confirm i do n't have such problem . 
  also tried on my ipad , no issues . 
  but when i tried on my lumia 1020 , it rang when i was already like 5 minutes long on a call and had it answered on one of the other devices . 
  skype is terribly crap on wp/w10m . 
  funny thing : it works quite well on xbox one ( with kinect ) so i think it 's a mix of laziness and apathy from skype developers the fact it sucks so bad on wp . 
  wen in uk ? 
  i 'm not very good at math but is n't 10 million a bigger number than 3 million ? 
  so i think apple is the winner - question mark, 
  feel the bern !, 
  soon !, 
  how comes is this even offensive for some peple ? 
  its a photo of a lovely american family !, 
  wonder why he left his home country ... look at almost 40 years later , and they 've replaced this greatness with the likes of conchita wurst . 
  i think so , its close to haloumi cheese, 
  can confirm , thats the true american dream example right there !, 
  dude , i do n't give a flying fuck what you think , besides nobody is pointing a gun at you to visit this `` butthurt autistic '' sub . 
  you are the one masochistically visiting it . 
  i came to say the same thing , you post it faster . 
  another non sense from jason wart . 
  tattoo checks , can confirm they are mechanics, 
  that picture was on point , damn !, 
  give that lady a chicken drumstick !, 
  whats the difference between portuguese from portugal and the portuguese from brazil ? 
  expensive phone with sub-par specs, 
  man they dont even hide they laziness ... cant be bothered to do it right the damned translation . 
  tried in my lumia 1020 , it says `` device up to date '' 10586.218, 
  damn i hungry now for a cheesecake, 
  sell it , save the money and use it when you feel like upgrading your current phone . 
  yeah , came to say the same , talking about double standards . 
  while they are at it , saudi arabia should get a resolution or two for their modern day slavery . 
  the responses in that forum are worse than jehovas witness ... 
  i would truly despise anyone like that as a `` friend '' . 
  as soon as they release their first high end , i 'm dumping wp for good ,, 
  i thought exactly the same , but wait for it , thats for sure they will grab a bigger marketshare . 
  anyone could have a bigger marketshare since microsoft does n't care for their own platform . 
  i bet they 'll look nicer than the lumia 950 and 950 xl, 
  my superstitious uncles and aunties in latin-america will play that number in the state lottery, 
  plan c for me : i went back to wp8 with my lumia 1020 . 
  w10 was so buggy , battery hog and my phone felt like a cheap 512mb ram chinese android . 
  but yeah , you sound a lot like an apologist in your comments . 
  i sometimes think the same : if it were n't for nokia , probably wp would 've been dead long time ago .
