  with w10 i know you wo n't regret having to wait . 
  going to ios will make you regret and eventually you will be selling it then jumping back to windows phone . 
  think about it . 
  same here :(, 
  not working for me , lumia 735 uk trying to add spanish keyboard . 
  i have two ( came free with with 2x lumias 930 ), 
  pro : very loud and excellent bass for the size , it has an audio jack so it can be used with any other non bluetooth device ( i use it a lot with my laptop ) . 
  con : sound distorts at peak volume, 
  i noticed if you put it on top of something hollow ( like a box , cupboard or even a fridge ) the bass amplifies a lot , it is funny . 
  people ca n't believe the sound comes from that tiny thing . 
  i would deff recommend it as they are cheap as peanuts nowadays . 
  11 isnt that loud , i would say the sweet spot is between 18 and 24 ( in the lumia volume metric 1-to-30 ), 
  microsoft account should say and also the credit card info you have set in your microsoft account ( for me it shows my paypal ) . 
  yup , scar in both sides . 
  can be seen around 11:30 too, 
  that 's correct , it works for individual chats . 
  group chats do n't work . 
  can anyone confirm this works for lumia 735 ? 
  me , as an outsider , never thought of it this way . 
  thanks for sharing your views . 
  i would agree with the twitter part however readit is one of the best wp apps so far , i found it much better than the best android reddit app ( reddit sync pro ) . 
  follow up date . 
  it is a term commonly used when releasing a new product ( software or hardware ) . 
  in that case i think he meant to say `` fuck off dave '' but i 'm not 100 % sure, 
  same , no love for lumia 735 but one can only hope, 
  hdr so fake , we all know england is mostly grey and rainy . 
  does anyone has the latest cortana for android installer ? 
  thats my motto : `` coming soon \u2122 '', 
  yup , error 14 means is unsupported . 
  error 9 is connection issues . 
  some guys got the error 14 while trying lumia 730 / 735 . 
  thanks , got it . 
  quick test shows the notebook is back and seems much faster . 
  also holding the home button in my android opens cortana ( i change it instead of google now ) . 
  1 life , 6 more left, 
  i thought of it too , because if you start to lose control while driving you just do n't keep going and carry on accelerating, 
  no screen problems but the screen quality is not the best , look washed out and not good . 
  not really what you expect from a `` flagship '' , even an affordable one . 
  the 735 , which is meant to be cheaper , has a surprisingly better screen . 
  the phrase i hate the most : `` do the needful '', 
  i prefer cleaning prison toilets with my bare hands than hearing that fucking phrase . 
  i never found pinterest appealing for me , however my wife loves it . 
  i will ask her to try your app , she will definitely love to try it . 
  thanks, 
  your store app description sounds much much better , he should use it , 
  * they are, 
  * they 're, 
   3 ) the stars are not in alignment !, 
  the whole reason why does n't work for me when trying it on my lumia 735 :d, 
  yup , posted originally by tejmar, 
  some people in the governments are under their payroll ?? 
  just a theory , not proven thought . 
  agree with some points , i am not sure if its the 1080p screen or what , things are smoother when i tested w10 on a lumia 735 & 830 than it was on the 930 , like by a mile . 
  seems they qa using phones running sd400 processors , 1gb of ram and no more than 720p screens . 
  i am trying the latest build ( the one from last night ) to see if improves anything but i wo n't hold my breath , still few steps to rtm . 
  if i do n't feel this changed , then i 'm going back to wp 8.1 this weekend . 
  hey there !, 
  i also own the lumia 735 , top phone for its price , i love the screen and how good/easy is to do things with one hand . 
  also gives me a sense of nostalgia as a previous lumia 800 user ( like 4 years ago ) . 
  here a quick list of the apps i recommend :, 
  * readit : for reddit , duh !, 
  the best app for this purpose . 
  * feedlab : a feedly client , best for rss and reading news all in one place . 
  * tvshow : to keep track on tv series . 
  * 6tag : the best instagram client, 
  * office lens : awesome photo scanner and ocr , best of all : free !, 
  * tubecast : the best youtube app . 
  although there is mytube which is quite good as well . 
  hope this helps . 
  enjoy your 735 and welcome !, 
  poor creature , she assumed fetal position, 
  mother fuck , jian yang !, 
  i will give it a try on my lumia 735 right now and provide you all with feedback . 
  i am currently in the process of reinstalling w10 ( currently on wp8 .1 ) and it is downloading now . 
  same here , if they release a phone tomorrow , i 'll be first in line . 
  i do n't understand the downvotes , people are asking , commenting and complaining for genuine things here . 
  or are some of you sooo fanboys that you have to defend microsoft even when they are n't right ? 
  that 's a mediocre and pathetic attitude if you ask me . 
  the reality is w10 is far from final , but as good ol' corporate world , ms felt the need ( and the pressure , from oems and investors ) to release w10 before the `` back to school '' period , thus generating alternative profit . 
  otherwise , w10 for pc would have been released on november like the phone and xbox1 versions . 
  and same as it has happened before , they will put or take out features as they see feasible . 
  so do n't get too emotionally attached to any feature , it is n't written in stone or in an contract/eula . 
  well i own a 735 ( 4g version of what you have ) and w10 seems pretty stable . 
  a minor hold up here and there but so far feels very mature . 
  i would suggest to install w10 on your 730 . 
  few months behind i would say, 
  did n't know that , whoa !, 
  thanks for sharing, 
  distractions tactics like one of the comment said . 
  the government of haiti needs to respond to those legitimate questions : where is all the money given during the earthquake . 
  people from haiti got tired of waiting for their own government for help instead they went to dominican as illegally . 
  now we all know what happened . 
  why should dominican allow them illegally when is the country of origin responsibility to aid and assist those displaced people . 
  so much hypocrisy , but i think that 's how politics work . 
  if it was here in the uk , they probably prescribe him some paracetamol and off you go . 
  * views the album and swipe the next photo, 
  `` whoa , that escalated quickly '', 
  i 'm now back to wp8 .1 ... those `` little '' inconsistencies , you know . 
  agree, 
  source :,
