  buckle up , buckaroo !, 
  yup , especially the sort of article with this title : seven things you 'll love about the lumia 950 - the 5th will blown you away !, 
  i second this, 
  and funny that it gets updated more often on ios/android than on wp, 
  haha poor mr rubino #rolled, 
  that guys is so full of b.s. 
  i agree, 
  feel the burrrnnnnnnn !!, 
  i kinda agree with some points [ / u/fanboythrowaway01 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/fanboythrowaway01 ) but you have, 
  i even lost some old friends due to my `` fanboyism '' however i agree is pointless and at the end these are big corporations for a profit . 
  we should be using a phone as we see feasible , so it a platform is n't providing what we need and making our day easier , there is no point in sticking with it . 
  since i am an old nokia dog ( symbian days ) , i always feel android to be closer to the symbian experience than wp . 
  w10m is plain crap and deviates from what wp7/wp8 was . 
  to me it feels basic , full of non-sensy hamburger menus trying so hard to be android or ios but failing miserably . 
  it does n't matter how much mr rubino wants to paint it with pink and baby blue hues . 
  so go ahead and give android a try . 
  perhaps you wo n't like it or perhaps you will enjoy it , who knows . 
  at the end , is what makes your life easier . 
  same here , why should i fight for a corporation that does n't believe in their own product ? 
  w10m : sleeping beauty, 
  you are not a zombie , you sound more like a shill, 
  iphone users are the ones with the money so that will never happen . 
  why the hell is he deleting all his comments thus breaking everybody 's context ? 
  i just ordered a gear vr , these delusional wp fanboys do n't know what they are truly missing . . 
  more like satan nutella, 
  this belong to / r/thathappened lol ... yeah sure, 
  1 like = 1 pray, 
  arghh you crashed my galaxy s6 edge !, 
  this is very good , especially for tablets . 
  i feel the keyboard in windows tablets is lacking features the keyboard in wp/w10m has enjoyed for ages . 
  much need for surface and other tablets running windows 10 . 
  i really hate the current on-screen keyboard . 
  i noticed this after installing w10 on my wife 's lumia 930 . 
  the signal is very spotty and never did that with wp8.very weird , not sure if has to do with internal antennas ( like how much power mw is provided by the o/s ) or a bug altogether . 
  or throwing grenades and shooting at their teammates, 
  i second this, 
  i was on the same spot and decided for the asus zenwatch because it looks more smart and its easier and cheaper to change the straps ( looking forward to add a nato strap ) . 
  as a daily watch : zen, 
  as a more sport outdoors watch : sw3, 
  this is freaking awesome news !!, 
  my daughter has an aged lumia 735 and i was planning to get her a pc . 
  instead might just give her a lumia 950 in few months ( for next school year ) with a monitor , usb keyboard and mouse and let her use continuum for her classes ( office , onenote ) . 
  this feature ( the web whatsapp ) is something she will really use like a lot so its nice to know is now supported . 
  i got this app when it first came out ( back then i had a gwr , almost a year now ) now im back to android and got an asus zenwatch and this is one of the first apps i downloaded , keep it up / u/dynalogix very nice app indeed !, 
  p.s people keep asking me if this is an apple watch . 
  i signed once like in 2005 and keep getting spammed to support some weird local politician in new hampshire , usa ... 
  i live in uk . 
  there is no oil there . . 
  same thing as in countries governed by dictators in africa , that 's why the usa does n't deliver some good old `` freedom '' there . 
  agree , a mid range is much needed than another cheap pos ... they flooded the market . 
   i want to know what love is . 
  i think you can show me, 
  haha good one from foreigner !, 
  not bothered by snapchat but i would really like to see amazon video and amazon prime music for w10m . 
  also all the missing google apps especially gmail , google calendar and android wear . 
  and that 's what matters, 
  1 like = 1 pray, 
  it is like the autofocus does like heartbeats , which messes up any video of landscapes . 
  very handy , thanks a lot for sharing !, 
  sync for reddit pro is a good alternative but never as good as . 
  man this comes right on time , thanks a lot for sharing . 
  i did n't know all these thing and to be honest i was even about to return the gear vr back to amazon since i was n't using it at all . 
  bonus album with photos from the phone : http://imgur.com/a/pkssl, 
  but lets remember microsoft brought this on themselves , they had an attitude in the last 20 years of crushing others and they really burned so many bridges , sort of speaking . 
  i think that 's why everybody hates microsoft and no one wants to give them a chance . 
  some people still remember . 
  i am happy with the lumia 950 xl but i think it could be much better than the current state it is . 
  hope some microsoft marketing person is reading this . 
  hi guys , to answer your question this is the current setup sent by lumia voices to bloggers and industry specialists . 
  they lend me the device for few weeks and it came in that box , pretty neat . 
  based on my tests and usage i ended up getting a lumia but still neglected to a second place , my main phone is an android . 
  you are going too far behind . 
  google hates microsoft for some problems and the whole exchange active-sync conundrum ( this : https://support.google.com/a/answer/2716936 ) . 
  this is why early android users and google defenders ( that motto `` do no evil '' ) hate microsoft so much . 
  also all the patent bullying by microsoft in the late 90 's early 2000 's which stagnated the mobile market and which continued up until no so long ago ( http://www.howtogeek.com/183766/why-microsoft-makes-5-to-15-from-every-android-device-sold/ ) - google felt microsoft was taking too much advantage and with their patent bullying would have stopped android growing . 
  again , if you burn bridges expect people to remember 5 , 10 or up to 15 years later . 
  i am a old nokian at heart which enjoyed wp from wp7 mango ( lumia 800 ) up until wp8 .1 ( lumia 1020 ) . 
  w10m is several steps backwards and it clouds such a nice hardware that is the lumia 950 xl . 
  very mature response . 
  thanks , i agree major carriers in usa did n't help . 
  luckily i am in europe and here you get all kinds of lumia models , from carriers or directly unlocked . 
  i disagree , the 950xl feels a lot like the plastic used in lumia 640 xl , miles behind the awesome policarbonate in the lumia 920 or the 1520 . 
  not bad but definitely not premium . 
  lol, 
  feels much faster in my lumia 1020 , just waiting to see about battery life . 
  hope it does n't degrade over the next few days . 
  thanks for putting up together this list . 
  i 'm looking forward for 6tag and whatsapp to fully support continuum , although i can use the web whatsapp in the meantime in edge . 
  i agree with him, 
  thanks for pointing this out but i am lost , i dont know how to do multiple pages and ended up having like 4 pdf when i was supposed to have them all in one ( ended up getting a web convertor for that ) . 
  you are a disgusting person, 
   the lumia 950 is really tough, 
  ** yeah , very ... **, 
  735 much better camera size and screen . 
  fell and hit on the lower left corner . 
  luckily i might be able to fix it myself getting the lcd from ebay . 
  im thinking that as well, 
  they usually respond using scripts so not impressed that was the case here . 
  yup , the problem seems in their end, 
  that even onedrive has a txt editor in the web app,
