  very good video , i really miss the ease of use and functionality on wp7 . 
  it seems all these years they been going backwards like had no clue what to do and removed the cool stuff we all loved about wp in the first place . 
  haha i agree : breaking news - ms ceo stating the obvious . 
  one of the perks of buying nokia and pretend to do things `` the american way '' ... 
  or blaming all the problems on nokia - some say the 950 and 950 xl issues are due to be the last remnants of nokia . 
  however we all know the problem is not the hardware , it 's the software ( the o/s in this case ) which falls on microsoft responsibility . 
  keywords for w10m official release :, 
  `` could '' `` might '' `` if the stars align '', 
  i liked how quiet hours was in the main settings , not embedded in cortana like it is now . 
   they just should n't have released windows 10 in a state where so many important features are missing , and it 's unstable and unpolished too, 
  thats sounds exactly what microsoft usually does, 
  they were speaking spanish with an argentinian accent `` llamen la ambulancia '' ( call an ambulance ) but it says dakar which is in west africa . 
  confused now . 
  you are not the hero we want but the hero we deserve, 
  1020 user here , i switched back to wp8 .1 . 
  w10 is too buggy and battery life sucks . 
  plus everything is slower . 
  you are better off with wp8 , trust me . 
  depends on the stability , but i might do it . 
  as creepy as a real baby, 
   a flagship phone . 
  with a snapdragon 810 processor , +1 gb ram and possibly a better camera ... they could have turned things around for them, 
  and way too expensive here in the uk for a 2gb ram - 16gb internal device . 
  `` we need to ask bill gates about that thing they call ` internet ' and get it sorted '' - donald trump, 
  looking forward to use the amazing windows phone keyboard in my android phone ... keep it up microsoft !, 
  they surely love cristiano ronaldo there, 
  count me in, 
  i agree, 
  disgruntled employee, 
  82 photos and no pussy ... 
  hot, 
  sauce ? 
  feminists will disagree, 
  same here , returned a lumia 950 xl in a heartbeat . 
  went back to android ( galaxy s6 edge ) and now all works perfectly , even microsoft apps are better . 
  so i agree 100 % with you . 
  some people in this reddit should stop kicking the dead horse w10 is and move on . 
  nobody ca n't be such a masochist . 
  tell me about it . 
  if you dare to criticise w10 , you get this sub linch mob . 
  i make the same thing when i 'm about to fart pretending is something else like sadness, 
  i left a good comment . 
  why settle with the subpar experience on wp ? 
  ios and android are years more advanced and it feels microsoft is literally moving all the cool stuff to these platforms whilst eliminating all the nice stuff i loved about wp in the first place ( people 's hub , family room , etc ), 
  can confirm , i live in uk and large pizzas here are equivalent of medium in usa . 
  is also ok that him , as project lead of wp took a 6 + months long term leave from microsoft . 
  it says a lot about the windows phone platform direction ( w10m or whatever you call it ) if you know how to read between the lines . 
  yup , they themselves do n't believe in their own product , why should we ? 
  coming soon \u2122, 
  which is exactly what i did and i 've been enjoying android with a galaxy s6 edge . 
  just want to come here and share to other wp users that there is light at the end of the tunnel and to not settle with a sub par experience . 
  some people do n't take the hint ... 
  at the end , when microsoft seens a zombie apocalypse moving out of wp , perhaps they will realize their mistakes and make it better . 
  or abandon it once and for all . 
  yeah , when he is `` at work '' not in some paid leave sabbatical, 
  reachability , released almost 2 years ago on iphone ... 
  exactly describes the wp situation . 
  such dedicated community like a cult . 
  i think he meant `` what the hell '' ? 
  excellent point of view , and true , nokia did all those lumia camera ( nee nokia camera ) etc. . . now there is no nokia and microsoft kinda slashed tons of these people developing these apps in finland ( which moved to apple , google and jolla sailfish ) . 
  no wonder why latest android camera processing got so good imo, 
  watch it bro , i said the same thing in another thread and got the wp fanboys lynch mob downvoting me . 
   with windows they have started again so everything is being done to get base functionality working . 
  been hearing that same b.s. 
  since wp 7.5 mango lol, 
  lol , gotcha, 
  yes , i prefer windows in my home pc because the experience is much better than any other o/s . 
  the same ca n't be said about wp though . 
  he was n't too happy with windows 10 for pc , not sure why . 
  but i kinda agree with him on this one . 
  i guess you 've been living under a rock bro ... 
  inform yourself, 
  and some people doubt about reptilians dna on humans . . 
  the toppest of keks, 
  completely agree with you , even the word slave comes from the latin `` sclavus '' which was the term to refer the slavs ( modern day poland , slovakia , belarus and ukraine ) . 
  you must be one of them japanese soldiers he talks about . 
  do n't need to bring your pc culture here , go to / pol if you can get offended by anything . 
  the guy has been a windows fanboy longer than any of us , yet some wp rabid fans somehow do n't know who 's paul . 
  my lg fridge has webos, 
  betacam , sega consoles and the list goes on and on . 
  i mean , is not that anybody will die if wp disappears . 
  people eventually move on . 
  some people never heard of paul ( who has been a windows fanboy for more than 25 years himself ) , yet did n't waste time to grab their pitchforks as usual calling him names and been disrespectful just because he does n't agree with this sub favourite mobile os . 
  bunch of butthurted crybabies rabid fanboys , no wonder why wp is the shit it is now , because no one is entitled to criticise it , all is pink let 's all dance kumbaya . 
  been hearing the same b.s. 
  since wp8 was released . 
  they are everywhere !!, 
  sailfish !, 
  if i was him , i would have turned my phone off , lol ... so many twitter notifications . 
  that 's not going to change anything , trust me . 
  the same freedom of choice can be applied to people buying android or ios . 
  just because they buy those does n't mean they are a `` me too '' user . 
  is all about convenience and w10m lacks that . 
  got the same phone , plus i have all my microsoft apps so i am not missing much . 
  i was a long nokia user ( since nokia 6680 , circa 2005 ) , android reminds me a lot of symbian sometimes . 
  nope , but it might get snapchat released sooner than your wp thou, 
  they are busy and concentrated making apps for android and ios . 
  the grass is greener on the other side plus you dont have to move services if you use an android or an ios , since all microsoft apps ( plus a few garage apps more ) are present . 
  for # 199 i much rather buy a oneplus x - better processor and all round features . 
  same here,
