  i did n't include it because it is not native in the camera and knowing how microsoft are suck a cocks lately , they might start charging for it anytime . 
  same here, 
  no , you dont . 
  you can use it with whatever gsm carrier you want , unless you want to use it in verizon , which at that point will requirte activation like any other verizon phone . 
  t-mobile uk and orange uk joined forces few years back and the result was ee . 
  it was the first 4g lte carrier in uk ( i moved to them in 2012 ) . 
  they were one of the first to have the lumia 930 and at # 349 whilst all others had it for # 499 . 
  i wish they launch the 950 for around that price since my upgrade is november 2016 !, 
  curious fact about ee :, 
  if they merge with bt ( british telecom ) they will be the biggest telephone ( landlines and cellphones ) company in the uk . 
  awesome !, 
  i would n't handled it better myself , that dude was begging for a punch literally . 
  but he kept his cool and did n't succumb for those threats . 
  sad news, 
  to add to the worst : it was done on a friday 13th . . now people wont look it as a silly horror movie fact , it really added some sadness to the date . 
  after seen what happen to iraq and libya where usa removed dictators and both became a terrorist nest , i agree with option # 1 too . 
  el merenguito its on point though . 
  greetings from uk . 
  you can get a lumia icon for that amount . 
  i do n't think mate , this is europe . 
  a judge will probably let him out on the basis of `` the terrorist owns a cat '' . 
  justice is a joke here sometimes . 
  strong vision leader ... you mean like saddam ? 
  insider in uk , very active posting lumia shit on instagram , never got the invite :(, 
  usa only, 
  tweet link : https://twitter.com/here/status/667774489971699712, 
  more to this , the here maps main site no longer has the windows phone link , only apple appstore and google play links :, 
  nokia was sold in 2014 ... we are almost ending 2015 so in my opinion thats plenty of time . 
  microsoft is n't know to have the best designs anyways . 
  yes you can , otherwise look at those chinese makers ( zte , lenovo ) . 
  i can bet they do not wait 18 months to release their phone , more like 8-12 months and have much better designs than this glorified 640 called 950 . 
  lol what a joke : cloudmuzik replacement for google music . 
  i think that 's due 3d drivers not been optimized so benchmark will flop . 
  after reading those reviews and looking at the photos shared by 950 users , changed my mind and will be sticking with my lumia 930 in the meantime . 
  plus it seems these models will flop , price changed more times in the last month and is not even released in the uk yet . 
  finally some sense in this sub , i completely agree with you . 
  exactly !, 
  a third party which will have access to your google credentials . 
  if you find the answer let me know , i want to travel to a different universe and bitch slap my younger self for some poor life decisions . 
  the capsule contained some photo negatives with the atomic bomb formula . 
  basically tagomi wanted japan to have it so that way germany would think twice before declaring war . 
  i think it was because the science minister was under surveillance under the pretext of `` protection '' at all times . 
  the nazis knew about the leaked information , they were trying to maintain the sci minister busy . 
  but yeah i agree , why not giving it to the trade minister and then he would give it himself . 
  perhaps because the native windows maps also uses the maps from here so they think there is no need to have their app or continue development . 
  but that 's just a guess . 
  i could see him on the minimap, 
  when i lived in dominican republic , the small syrian community really brought some goodies , i remember eating quipes ( stuffed wheat balls which are fried ) and the empanadas were different from the spanish ones . 
  also tipile which was like a wheat germ salad with chopped tomatoes and cilantro . 
  wow , good old childhood days in the syrian restaurant . 
  tell me about it . 
  when i moved here i though `` nah , maybe some relatives died '' but then it became more common and every time i used the tube . 
  some people are too sentimental . 
  my fav as well , i use it as my ring tone, 
  yup also tribeca ( triangle below canal st ), 
  i 've been giving time since mango got released ( wp7 .5 ) and still nothing meaningful . 
  it does not work . 
  also tested with an ipega pg-9019 bluetooth remote shutter and does not work either . 
  agree , when we was young we had a terrier and a cat . 
  the cat could see a mouse running , he was just like ` meh , i do n't get paid enough for this shit ' . 
  it was the terrier the real deal , catching mice and dropping them on my feet like a gladiator . 
  good old days . 
  drunk man + radio tower = definitely not a good outcome, 
  i remember watched this in ye olde ogrish.com ( which was hen rebranded to liveleak ) . 
  jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams, 
  buckle up , buckaroo !, 
  creme fraiche & when he said he was lorde and show stan how modern artists compose music in fl studio . 
  same thing here too , not working . 
  felt stupid trying to make it work . 
  not only land , thibk of all those subterranean aquifers, 
  tested on my xperia z5 and moto x 2013 . 
  the hey cortana works perfectly in the main android menu . 
  feel a bit pissed with microsoft since they say it will only support 930/1520 or better phone . 
  i wish the hey cortana was the norm on any phone using snapdragon 400 or better . 
  heck , the moto x 2013 has a snapdragon s4 pro ( similar to lumia 1020 ) and supports it . 
  so i smell the usual b.s. 
  from microsoft . 
  the one who does n't know how this things work is you . 
  hey cortana was available in the lumia 830 in the first few wp8 .1 denim and then got removed . 
  i really hate when people drink the microsoft nee nokia kool aid and try to rationalise these things . 
  perhaps yeah , it was put there `` by mistake '' same as rich capture on the lumia 1020 , however i 'm talking from personal experience unlike you . 
  i hate when microsoft removes stuff as they deemed feasible . 
  plus i do n't think the cortana android apps really leverage that sensor in the moto x at all . 
  i will test it tomorrow at work with a galaxy s3 and a galaxy ace 2 , if they work then i 'll prove exactly what i 'm thinking : microsoft is bullshitting us and some people ( i.e. 
  you ) believe that crap and even more , defend them.-stockholm syndrome i heard is called the last time i checked . 
  have you guys noticed t & a might be tits and ass ? 
  hope he gets better soon, 
  # 11.50 in the uk, 
  she 'll always be paige to me, 
  should 've been like m&m 's : they melt in your mouth not in your pocket . 
  the shires , uk, 
  this is impressive in so many levels !, 
  `` many '' lol ... 
  lack of amazon video and amazon prime music too . 
  yup , and i really want to give w10 a chance ( still rocking my lumia 830 ) but there are some nice apps not available . 
  i do n't really bother about snapchat but some other stuff . 
  whats worse is some apps are available but never updated ( ex . 
  imdb ) . 
  breaking news : microsoft ceo stating the obvious ... 
  i second this one , simply the best for wp at the moment,
