  i tried everything . 
  sent the phone to microsoft uk and they ended up giving me a new one , the problem according to them was the motherboard . 
  could n't get the phone out of airplane and when i turned wifi on it made a very weird glitch . 
  so yeah , stuck on airplane mode forever and ever . 
  edit :, 
  the support was done by a company called anovo , they are the ones in charge of supporting hardware issues for microsoft ( ne\u00e9 nokia ) . 
  their website is techsupport.a-novo . co.uk and you can repair a booking through there.hope all the best mate but to be fair it sounds a lot like the issue i had so they should potentially give you a new device or replace the main board . 
  in edge , i took a photo and posted on imgur :, 
  i agree , luckily there is an app called video compressor to minimize the size and make it under the 16mb limit imposed by whatsapp . 
  bookviser pro and freda for me . 
  deprecated = phased out . 
  so apparently we hate it when devs do it to wp ... since this one is doing the opposite ( not doing the app for android ) , we celebrate it . 
  double standards much ? 
   is it possible to upload videos in the facebook messenger app ? 
  nope . 
  if w10m was more compliant with mdm software ( like airwatch or bes ) they could , potentially and via a policy change , disable the camera , appstore , certain functions like facetime/imessage , etc. 
  i know this is possible on bb10 and ios devices ( and to some extend , few androids ) . 
  however when i beta tested a similar solution , w10 and wp8 .1 were the worst , i could only do email compliance ( like a proxy email pass-through ) . 
  ios was all round the best solution . 
  i came to distrust the alarm in w10 so much ( even android too ) that i took an old nokia 808 from a drawer and use it ever since as my alarm clock lol . 
  that one has never let me down . 
  i cant comment on that actual environment but using the 950 screen as the mouse pointer is terrible - or thats what i found in my testings , i ended up getting a microsoft arc bluetooth mouse and a logitech k480 keyboard to use it along continuum . 
  i think that would be the best choice for you too . 
  so basically , pig with lipstick is still a pig ( that goes for the 650 ), 
  reckon english is not your mother tongue then ... 
  very nice app , keep it up !, 
  agree with you , i really feel microsoft neglected europe in such way we should n't support them anymore . 
  if i am still around is because of nokia not because of any microsoft big creation . 
  lol , this is so spot on !, 
  found it , link : https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/store/apps/face-swap/9wzdncrfhx5g, 
  but it is very very basic . 
  well i tried some apps , the video 360 was the best one , i tested with my lumia 735 , worked fine for most of it . 
  apart from that , there are n't that many apps for vr in the windows store i 'm afraid . 
  pm sent, 
  i bought it , and it still installed on my lumia 950 but i only logged once , and never really got it working . 
  ca n't fuss to ask for a refund , too much hassle involved just to get # 1.69 back, 
  yet when i full format my nokia on wp8 .1 this one gets installed by default, 
  yup , lovely colour . 
  got it from ebay along with a white one . 
  gon na get a red soon \u2122, 
  soon \u2122, 
  yup , not microsoft original but probably chinese . 
  they have the nfc antenna however they do n't have wireless charging . 
  ca n't complain , just paid like $ 4 for each one . 
  mixradio farewell playlist : https://mixrad.io/mixes/104358833, 
  and you are the type who likes to give negative or useless responses that nobody asked for . 
  for the price , we ca n't complain . 
  my white one broke a bit near the power button so was easily replaced . 
  the only thing is that painfully slow waiting times . 
  ca n't really see that . 
  example : living images was released first on nokia lumia and now we see it was the next big thing . 
  or lg releasing a lg g5 camera module , i had that on my lumia 1020 3 years ago . 
  perhaps some apps but some people can make similar , i was just asking . 
  remember also some apps were absent but alternatives were much better , example : 6tag , much better than the official instagram , readit much better than anything for reddit , etc. 
  very nice photo , impressing !, 
  store link : https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/apps/specter/9nblggh5kldb, 
  will do, 
  funny thing this app doesnt say snapchat anywhere lol , nor in the description or once installed , anywhere in the settings or main menu . 
  suggest to do that yeah , i did it in both my lumia 735 and 1020 , both running very stable and battery life much improved . 
  the it means you got blacklisted somehow in their snapchat backends, 
  can somebody travel back in time and give this to them in nov.-dec .2015 ? 
  still waiting , status : back-ordered . 
  called microsoft store and a lady with polish accent told me to wait 8 weeks . 
  so i asked her : so you mean i might get it in may or even june . 
  she said : yup , thats exactly what i mean . 
  lol . 
  ended up getting one in ebay uk but i hardly use it . 
  nice concept though but hard to justify a reason to keep it since i own 1 laptop , 1 cheap w10 tablet and 1 hp proliant microserver at home . 
  this goes more to people that does n't have a laptop or a computer . 
  i 'm wondering if this will work with other flagships not microsoft branded . 
  i have a 950 , cvuk ( unlocked unbranded ) and did n't have none of these issues . 
  i think might be related to at&t branded ones , as i noticed usa people complaining the most . 
  i had similar issues with a 950 xl , which i returned to amazon ( back in december ) and been using the 950 ever since . 
  damn it , we use to have a very good hangout ( google voice ) app called spare phone but it got deprecated when google broken the api for all these apps . 
  now skype or - if you know a lot about voip you can use zoiper . 
  i have a callcentric account where i redir my google voice and hangout calls to . 
  the downside is zoiper does n't have very good push notifications and you have to keep your phone screen on at all times . 
  not good on oled screens , the screen will burn . 
  yh yh its faster for you but you cant really say much , can you ? 
  dude if you are not going to say anything , whats the point on this useless post ? 
  you posted `` its faster '' , when confronted by people who are using the most recent facebook beta you came up with the `` nda , cant comment '' mumbo jumbo . 
  keep your opinion to yourself , the least we need is another shill bringing delusion . 
  a vote for mapfactor , i used on a recent trip to dominican republic and was amazed the maps it uses were more up to date than the here maps . 
  by the way , works offline and uses openstreetmaps ( osm ) . 
  nor uk :(, 
  looks quite nice !, 
  i dont think is uwp but there is this app called trakter quite good . 
  lol i could n't put it better myself, 
  i second this . 
  samsung evo 32 or 64gb type 10 or higher . 
  i tried sandisk ( those red/grey ones ) and experienced few hiccups with apps installed in the external memory . 
  i miss that app , the microsoft account app for android pushes 2 step codes . 
  the microsoft authenticator for w10m is nowhere near . 
  4.30 gb on mine . 
  no issues here , i purchased the no ads and video upload long time ago in wp8 .1 and installed 6tag on my lumia 950xl , it carried over those it did n't ask me to pay again . 
  which w10 insider version are you running in your 1520 ? 
  that used to be the case on earlier versions . 
  not an option for me in uk . 
  the music library is crap compared to spotify . 
  you still need to take the battery out to pop that nanosim on the 2nd sim tray ,
