  at the moment setting alarms and location based reminders , but i 'm thinking i might propose this winter , i luv cortana !, 
  here is the link for this app :, 
  official announcement :, 
  i 'm a bit upset , apps like health & fitness are quite useful and much better than the ms health app ( which i paired with my ms band ) . 
  it does n't make any sense at all . 
  they had 2 years and all they doing lately is closing apps and services or cross-porting exclusive apps and features to android/ios . 
  no matter how many times wp fanboys shout the solution to all problems `` its coming soon \u2122 '' , w10 wo n't solve them , microsoft has to . 
  brand loyalty created by nokia is slowly fading , the competition seems like a better place to be nowadays . 
  no idea but my wife lumia 830 looks exactly the same . 
  i thought the only way might be replacing the housing . 
  but that 's probably difficult as hell . 
  by that time we will be using sailfish or some other os . 
  they surely ran the old nokia phone division to the ground , cutting here and trimming there . 
  plus they lay-off so many old nokias from finland , it would n't be difficult for new nokia to pick these people up again . 
  i heard its coming soon \u2122, 
  exactly my thoughts , how is this mid range ? 
  its surely way more like a low end android . 
  no , this is not the apps announcement , this is the lumia beta apps website . 
  yup , they got the money, 
  actually that deal or treaty nokia and ms had ends in 2016, 
  yup , the family groups feature was removed few months back . 
  a chip off the old block, 
  they getting cortana too this winter . 
  this will explain a bit better :, 
  see here , this is what was retired :, 
  you using wifi or 3g/4g ... 
  then it means your broadband provider has blocked torrents . 
  it happened to me with virgin media . 
  try with 4g and check if that 's the case, 
  it is back now , however i been waiting for two apps to download since this morning . 
  both apps stay in `` starting download '' . 
  found this comment by user [ diazea ] ( https://disqus.com/by/diazea/ ) , basically sums everything we all know and shares the sentiment we all have :, 
  its not our job to temper our expectations or understand a companies challenges we are not their mom . 
  its the companies job to exceed our expectations , thrill us , make desirable devices and remain competitive . 
  giving excuses for a platform doesnt help it at all . 
  demand excellent phones , demand desirable phones , demand a great os and dont buy phones that do n't meet your expectations . 
  with that mindset i should go find some lower end below average android phone from a smaller company to give them a leg up ? 
  that is not how you force change . 
  not by feeling bad for organizations and buying their subpar products . 
  microsoft is a multibillion dollar company clearing 26 billion a quarter not some mom and pop shop . 
  they are largest software company in the world and built datacenters around the world for azure which cost them billions . 
  if microsoft chooses not to commit enough resources and money to their mobile phone division that is their choice and a clear indicator of how important this is to them . 
  is it cool that they have a skeleton crew developing the phones and os ? 
  no its not . 
  but it does n't evoke my pity or make we want to buy their phones because i feel bad for them . 
  instead it makes me angry . 
  it is inexcusable and clearly shows a lack of commitment and urgency on behalf of msft regarding this market . 
  how can a small chinese startup like oneplus make desirable beautiful phones and microsoft cant ? 
  its industrial design folks not rocket science . 
  there are plenty of hobbyists uploading windows concepts 100x nicer than this . 
  my opinion ? 
  these upcoming phones look outdated and have n't been released yet . 
  your typical consumer will not look at them twice next to an iphone or galaxy s6 edge or motorola . 
  their design language has n't changed a bit since the original nokia lumia 900 . 
  go look at those original press pics ... phone and os look virtually indistinguishable from now . 
  the `` rumored '' specs are now quickly becoming mid-range android specs falling into sub $ 400 category . 
  the new high end qualcomm 820 is being tested by oems and high end phones based on it will be out in several months . 
  i had windows phones since windows mobile with a stylus and the compaq ipaq . 
  my last windows phone was the 1020 . 
  i will not buy another one until they get their act together and refuse to own a phone constantly hoping it will improve , become relevant , gain mindshare , or run the software i need . 
  ** what exactly is the value proposition for an end user for doing that ? 
  i remember that but was mostly in palestine and syria , do n't remember watching news of people celebrating in iran or even iraq . 
  dogs are lovely and the majority have this grateful sentiment towards their owners . 
  a bit yeah , i also have the vibe shoot , good piece of phone . 
  why are even discussing this ? 
  microsoft is a multi billion company , they should know all this stuff . 
  however i kinda agree with thurrot as is one of the few who do n't sugarcoat all the crap going on with wp due to ms irresponsibility and neglecting . 
  now this is typical good old microsoft : have a very good product and turn it into shit . 
  some examples : iexplorer which they had the biggest market share . 
  msn and live messenger . 
  zune . 
  etc is like they have this good product with tons of users and they do n't know what 's next or what to do to improve it make it better and stay in the top . 
  apart from windows and office , what else in the consumer world are they on top ? 
  do n't make me laugh , newer im apps are way ahead like whatsapp or snapchat . 
  i bet the facebook messenger have more active users . 
  so people , please stop been so conformist and demand ms to get their shit together . 
  or if you abandon the platform , let them know through twitter not here in reddit where no one gives a rat 's ass . 
  btw enjoy the 735 , i have this one and it is very very good , lovely screen and excellent battery life . 
  agree , i had to get one of those nylon coated cables from anker , the one who came with my ipod broke the second week . 
  verizon lumias have an international gsm unlocked part , i know because my friend bought a a lumia icon 929 and was using it with orange in france . 
  that 's correct , but 3g and hspa ( h + ) will work just fine . 
  only 4g lte band does n't work on my friend lumia icon . 
  i do n't think is possible, 
  my pleasure , hope this helps anyone considering the 735 . 
  because russia , that 's why, 
  suicide by cop, 
  same problem the thing is in wp8 there was no timer added to the system , only alarms . 
  the `` set an alarm for x '' always worked , not too nice but at least a workaround, 
  holy mother of sweet baby jesus !!!!!!, 
  this release really can be used as daily driver !!!, 
  * rolls in floor of happiness *, 
  i 'm really impressed how fluid and fast it is on my lumia 735 , no more resuming or loading please wait . 
  i was losing the confidence and hope in w10 to be honest but this is a good step on the right direction . 
  - an impressed wp user that was about to jump ship . 
  i did , couple of comments above . 
  it feels very fast and way way more stable . 
  i will be testing it for a few days but i 'm very confident on this one . 
  sent , looking to try it, 
  it was probably hard for the driver to see the boy, 
  indeed , only works in the ** uk ** ( the lumia rewards app performs a check for model and sim locale , if not in uk then shows an error ) .
