  the whole world needs to get rid of the establishment !, 
  i 've seen a similar one at heathrow airport, 
  it reminds me of my son when he saw i got fifa 96 for sega saturn and he looked at me perplexed and said `` dad , how comes there is fifa 96 if we are just in fifa 16 !!? '', 
  these millennials , he does n't grasp videogames existed prior to the year 2000 's :d, 
  just so you know , i am in the other side , the grass is indeed greener . 
  buying a whole new expensive phone just for a fad mobile o/s ... 
  same thing can be said about windows 10 mobile . 
  current status : your friend is enjoying a nice game . 
  you are disgusted at your buggy phone . 
  the usual bitter comment from wp fanboys . 
  yes , spare us the whining rufus , we prefer productiviteh !, 
  ca n't be bother to play those awesomely nice games available in other platforms . 
  actually thats what your mum said when i asked her which phone she wanted . 
  like xbox fitness ... it seems everything i love and use from microsoft products and services is either deprecated or cancelled or something awful happens ,, 
  examples : bing vision , people 's hub , xbox fitness , onedrive 15gb space down to 5gb , just to name a few . 
  this is toxic and you 're living on denial . 
  you make it sound like android is some kind of p.o.s. 
  like honeycomb or gingerbread when on fact is very mature . 
  i replaced my lumia 735 with a xperia z5 compact and could n't be happier . 
  it has all the apps i was missing plus great battery life . 
  i miss wp8 but that 's it , w10 copies android at every chance so stop living in such bubble . 
  i really do n't know what kind of satanic pact some people think they have with microsoft even when they themselves prioritise android over their own mobile o/s . 
  this whole reddit says otherwise , it f ***** is buggy . 
  literally the current state of / windowsphone now . 
  my god , some people there are really toxic . 
  i come every once in a while to see if windows phone has finally picked up market share or microsoft finally decided to prioritise it over android and ios . 
  nope , not even close . 
  same thing or worse than a month ago ( last time i was here ) . 
  what is worse is people here saying pokemon go is not worth it and it will fade and be deleted within a week . 
  yeah , keep living such a bitter life . 
  meanwhile let me enjoy pokemon go in my xperia . 
  already surpassed twitter and tinder in amount of users , yet according to a windows phone fanboy it will be deleted in like a week :, 
  yes , a handful reported they never had any problems like ever ever , as usual . 
  i will take their word as a fact . 
  i 'm level 4 already looking forward for the update that will let me add friends and share pokemons ... whoa , windows phone users are truly missing out, 
  just so you know , pokemon go is about to surpass twitter in daily active users . . but you windows fanboy said this will be a week tops and people will forget . 
  guess you a proven wrong once again . 
  stop being in the losers side , they do n't write history . 
  pokemon go is about to surpass twitter in daily active users in case you did n't know . 
  oh cry me a river drama queen, 
   eing in the losers side , they do n't write history . 
  poor little creature you are, 
  just so you know ,, 
  ** report : legendary pictures in negotiations with nintendo for pok\u00e9mon go movie **, 
  poor wp users , still left out . 
  what a piece of shit that version is ... if i had a wp wouldnt even bother . 
  enjoy it , what level you on ? 
  europe, 
  i second this, 
   furthermore , you 're assuming continuum will take off when thus far , it landed with all the fanfare of a wet fart . 
  could n't say it better mate , exactly what happened . 
  which they dont apparently . 
  killing onedrive , firing tons of the old nokia people ( many of them my friends ) and killing xbox fitness put the last straw ... 
  i switched to android ( xperia z5 compact ) and been happy ever since . 
  i suggest anyone doing the same and move to whatever o/s makes your life easier , not the one you have to make compromises . 
  probably just you and / u/itskai are against it . 
  lol , you have it because you have ios not because of the wp user side. ,, 
  my local church is a gym and a pokemon also , guess the sunday mass will start increasing now . 
  use them ( * google apps for business ) for my email , calendar and contacts . 
  is the best out there . 
  what movie is that ? 
  i remember watching it as a kid but ca n't seem to remember the name, 
  it was so difficult to beat that one when i was a kid , wish me the best i 'm going to beat it once again, 
  it takes the same as the megadrive 2 so luckily i got that covered, 
  they both region locked unfortunately , i can play them on my md2 . 
  tell me about it it was like muscle memory : ab ac abb - `` get over here ! '', 
  not for sale , putting together my own sega genesis/megadrive collection . 
  btw , got this from a friend . 
  i found ( reading sega retro and sega-16 ) that it uses the same ac adapter as the megadrive 2 ( aka genesis 2 ) so luckily i 'm covered . 
  but yeah , already checked some rechargeable duracell in amazon uk last night . 
  thanks, 
  thanks, 
  definitely , especially since 80 % of windows in a mobile device users are still running wp8 . 
  one step forward , and three steps backward . 
  that 's microsoft nowadays . 
  well worth it , mate . 
  i have the saturn mk2 and i find the mk1 especially the remote to be sexier . 
  nice games included in your score too . 
  haha yeah , nights alone is worth it . 
  i have so many good memories playing nights with my son . 
  to me was an awesome score , especially since i had one back.in high school too and some classmate broke by using the wrong charger never got the chance to enjoy its full potential . 
  i need to organise my account ac adapter the same way , tape the model . 
  bloody good idea that is . 
  or in android . 
  i have them all , that dude rocks !, 
  he 'll be fine , i did n't see any blood dripping . 
  yup , i was hoping to see sonic and amy, 
  pepperidge farm remembers, 
  they said it , they admired continuum so much and the idea behind that they ended up creating andronium . 
  jailyne ojeda https://www.instagram.com/jailyneojeda77/, 
  exactly , me too , i have high hopes on this no because of sega ( well that too ) but the people involved . 
  christian whitehead aka taxman did a marvelous job porting sonic cd , sonic 1 and sonic 2 for android and ios , pagoda is one of the greatest teams in the sonic hacks scene as well as headcannon . 
  is like sega reunited the biggest sonic hackers to build this game . 
  i would love to see this game not only for home consoles dlbut for mobiles too . 
  not in my experience , it has never froze on me . 
  tested with gameboy and sega genesis games . 
  i used to have one , it 's in a drawer now . 
  replaced with a much better option , wp is boring as hell so we made this sub to make it more spicy . 
  i 'm in the same spot , ended up selling part of my collection and now i regret it every single day . 
  will recommend you to hold it and try selling any duplicates if you have , but treasure the most rare and precious ones .
