  vibe shot user here . 
  i also use the galaxy s6 edge . 
  but just so you know the screen in the vibe shot is very good , the phone feels fast thanks to the 3gb of ram , is 4g dual sim , has microsd slot . 
  the camera is excellent as long as you use another app not the default lenovo one . 
  i noticed the photos are aggressively compressed . 
  i am using the camera fv5 and photos are a joy , very good quality . 
  i have yet to use the zenphone but will definitely recommend this one . 
  not loading for me, 
  agree , half my subscription are not loading now , i bet is because they closed or made it private . 
  i would definitely buy sync for voat . 
  completely agree with you , i have high hopes for continuum as well . 
  you mean like spanish tapas ? 
  i have a cvgb 830 and i have it . 
  how long does it take between shot and shot ? 
  nay , too many issues . 
  1 . - when taking photos the gallery does n't update them . 
  had to go to the lumia camera app to then preview them then sharing, 
  2 . - music app issues , also when synchronizing with the pc windows phone app . 
  3 . - sms/mms issues , not able to send or receive . 
  4 . - sluggishness all over the o/s . 
  this happened only on lumia 930 . 
  5 . - when tapping the back button , it feels the whole os is just a huge html page and hitting back does the same as when browsing the web and you click the browser back few times . 
  it does n't go back to the metro home as wp 8.1 . 
  6 . - one positive remark : i can take photos full res , not that crappy 5mp + 20mp dng . 
  much better . 
  7 . - discrepancies between store and store beta ( appstore ) . 
  sometimes i had the latest version but the store beta warned me about a new `` update '' . 
  i noticed in my lumia 830 was quite ok for a daily driver , but on my lumia 930 was sluggish , and had all the issues mentioned above . 
  that 's all from my end, 
  10-4 , roger that . 
  ocha zuke , that rice based tea . 
  thanks for reminding me the word . 
  is it me or the floor looks like a giant pizza ? 
  what about people with green eyes ? 
  not really , thats what most people do from what i 've read in the wpcentral forums . 
  btw , can you share some photos ? 
  i have a black 930 ( equivalent to icon ) and would like to know how it looks, 
  very nice , looking forward to this . 
  i would suggest getting a cheap android 5.0 phone for this . 
  is what i did since the google apps are non-existent for wp . 
  and it does n't look it would change much to be honest . 
  yes , it is significantly faster . 
  source ; i have a lumia 830 , which uses the same ram/processor as the 735 & a lumia 930 . 
  on the lumia 830 i tend to observe many `` resuming '' or `` please wait '' . 
  hardly a case with the lumia 930 . 
  this is for wp 8.1 update 1 . 
  now , curiously , the experience in w10 is to be the same for both : sluggish , tons of `` please wait '' . 
  i have noticed a bit of lagging only when playing empires and allies ( i know is shit , lol ) but nothing major . 
  other than that , moving around in the menus , popping up notifications , etc is very fast . 
  1 . - battery life is quite good , 1.5 solid days . 
  i use it for music and is paired with my microsoft fitness band . 
  2 . - no soft one but you can turn on and off the light for the nav keys . 
  thats how i currently use mine ( clean slate ), 
  3 . - no , is mostly glass with metal around . 
  it feels very solid , not too heavy ( like lumias ) but not too light ( like samsung s4 ) . 
  4 . - is not heavily skinned but still skinned . 
  it resembles the miui i would say . 
  the look is a bit ios ` ish so some people might not like it ( like me ) . 
  i 'm currently using the google now launcher . 
  did n't see any of that in the developers options . 
  sure , some samples here :, 
  thanks, 
  way stronger , it has 3 leds vs 2 leds on the lumia 830 . 
  2 . - the two stage is a bit `` lowered '' compared to lumias but is quite nice nonetheless . 
  it works in cam fv-5 just fine . 
  3 . - no , it does n't i 'm afraid . 
  it only works in the native camera app , which by the way looks a lot like the lumia camera pro settings . 
  4 . - i prefer 16:9 , they are taken full res . 
  5 . - yeah , sometimes bothers me but i put a screen protector so swiping the phone to my jeans usually clear the smudges ( for a little while , until it bothers me again ) . 
  ** some samples using camera fv-5 : **, 
  i will upload stock photos a bit later . 
  yes , it is two stage shutter button , the first stage focus and the deeper stage takes the photo . 
  similar to shutter buttons in the nokia lumia phones so you can get an idea . 
  indeed , it appears to be the case ( only avail for z2 pro and x2 ) . 
  i looked in the devs options but nothing with that name came up . 
  not at the moment . 
  i think there is a 5.1.1 in the chinese lenovo forums but i will wait . 
  not too keen on rooting phones . 
  yeah , only 30 so far i can see . 
  guess they can tweak and implement higher fps for this processor . 
  agree, 
  few neat thing i discovered :, 
  * the phone app has in-built recording as well as something called `` anti-tapping '' . 
  not sure what the latter does to be honest . 
  * the native contacts allows me to use both my gmail and outlook.com contacts . 
  also if two sims are present , it ask which one you want to originate the call from , sim1 or sim2 . 
  very nice when travelling . 
  will do my best to take them tonight . 
  yesterday was gray and cloudy ( i live in england ) . 
  i remember few years back sony had something like this , the normal laptop , not too fast but it had a docking station that contained not only the set of additional usb and video ports but a whole amd radeon graphic card . 
  link : http://www.zdnet.com/article/sony-introduces-new-vaio-z-laptop-in-the-u-s-includes-dock-with-external-amd-graphics-card/, 
  so if this docking station could contain additional horsepower , that be great . 
  it would save me to buy a pc or laptop for my son . 
  good point of view mate , agree with you . 
  about bloody time . 
  this is great , i will definitely pay for it, 
  you deserve gold , excellent point of view, 
  good find, 
  indeed , i am a wp user because of nokia not because wp is the `` best os '' ever like some fanboys believe . 
  if they bring good build quality , excellent battery life and camera to android , i would n't have a reason to stick with this ` coming soon ' os .
