  they sound louder than normal earpods and less prone to fall from your ears . 
  i really enjoy them . 
  only on friday nights, 
  you just gave me a reason to get a pair for father 's day :d, 
  from apple , 42mm product ( red ) band for series 2, 
  designed in california, 
  made by steve jobs himself, 
  looks very nice !, 
  beautiful eyes !, 
  still we ca n't compete to them , remember how hillary was tossed into a van like a piece of meat ? 
  that takes the crown :d, 
  same here , called in today , got transferred to a supervisor who lectured me on how sales are final , i said `` then i wan na talk to your boss '' . 
  they pushed an email to the germany hq ( as i 'm in europe ) , let 's hope i get my refund one way or another . 
  thanks a lot for sharing !, 
  btw , i liked your botw panorama post, 
  thats a great , but hope your dad is all right , mate, 
  splatoon 2 hands down, 
  few tips how to block updates - i 'm using the wifi router way . 
  same , never thought people loved crash so much in uk, 
  seems like he chopped those parts and applied glue or hot silicon, 
  nope , switched to an iphone 7 plus . 
  never looked back . 
  same here trying to buy i 'm setsuna today, 
  yes , its called an iphone . 
  i did few months back , never looked back that piece of shit android constantly tracking me thus having a terrible battery life . 
  ca n't buy games on the eshop ( uk-europe ) - getting error code instead, 
  i am getting the error 2813-0090 when i was trying to buy i 'm setsuna from the eshop . 
  i missed the opportunity to get it with the 33 % discount :(, 
  trying to buy the same from the nintendo eshop on my computer gives this error : error code : 9001-0090, 
  tested several credit cards all working fine and used before . 
  even deleted my card from their system to retry and no luck . 
  does anyone has an idea ? 
  amazon uk confirmed my preorders , to be delivered tuesday 15th !, 
  that looks very good actually, 
  i ordered one on january for xbox one and another on may after the switch version was a go ... my wife gon na kill me lol . 
  this looks neat but i dont own a 3d printer . 
  at least can get the same feeling and look with one of those myriann switch arcade cabinet stand . 
  they are cardboard but not so bad . 
  finally a nice beat them up for nintendo switch . 
  i 'm getting it as soon as is available in my region . 
  in uk is just a # 2 discount on preorders . 
  a bit shitty imo . 
  got it this way , thanks for sharing, 
  yes but the price was way way higher than $ 60 . 
  that leather card holder looks awesome . 
  was it included ? 
  been looking in that app you shared called geek but didnt find any offers . 
  let me keep checking . 
  thanks . 
  just noticed that , `` l '' of loser perhaps ? 
  same , the only reason i havent dumped my xbox one is because that 's my netflix/amazon video fix . 
  as soon as those apps become available on switch , the xbox will be either sold or given to my younger brother . 
  i get that at work all the time too, 
  works in uk, 
  it 's uk so probably one called nigel . 
  thats an awful looking dog . 
  got it at that price , awesome !, 
  hello there , can you share the power supply link ? 
  whoa , hold on ... that was actually pretty good :d :d, 
  same here, 
  in europe , you have to put an euro sim card for some minutes before being able to use it with any other sim card from another region . 
  not sure if this is the case with your verizon note 8 . 
  perhaps it needs a verizon sim card ( i know verizon is cdma but still those exist ) . 
  emailed the seller and they 've said the 'll have it in uk for sale at the end of this week , in case any other brit is wondering . 
  i preordered mine in very.co.uk on 27/08 but status has n't change other than this message placeholder :, 
  ** delivery by friday 15 september , 2017 to my account address original delivery date : 15 september , 2017 **, 
  i 'm so impatiently waiting for this to change but i fear they will push few more days , fingers crossed hopefully not . 
  dual sim have an expected date of 28th september according to their website : http://www.samsung.com/uk/smartphones/galaxy-note8/, 
  i preordered mine in very.co.uk on 27/08 but status has n't change other than this message placeholder :, 
  ** delivery by friday 15 september , 2017 to my account address original delivery date : 15 september , 2017 **, 
  i 'm so impatiently waiting for this to change but i fear they will push few more days , fingers crossed hopefully not . 
  this thread is for very.co.uk / littlewoods, 
  just called and the lady over the phone gave me a royal mail tracking number which seems it was just sent from the preston mail centre minutes ago . 
  if you guys want to call very at 08000923355 , and ask for the carrier tracking number . 
  much happier now \u263a, 
  sorry to hear that :(, 
  check your emails !, 
  yup , royal mail tracked signed for , thats like special delivery i suppose . 
  not at first , it was showing as unknown but then after 3:30 pm started showing it was received at preston mail centre . 
  i hope you get your n8 tomorrow too . 
  veryuk order , got an email from royal mail , anytime today between 9-6 ... need a paper bag . 
  one of the reasons i moved back to android from ios is this , i loved your app and got the pro a year back ( during the note 7 debacle ) . 
  keep it up and thanks for this app , some of us value privacy and i feel facebook is very intrusive and wants tons of permissions/accesses which i can control better with your app . 
  try oginsta, 
  they had it unpublished and cant seem to find . 
  do you know where can i get it ? 
  but i dont think the s-note app is the one which opens automatically when i pull the pen out , its called samsung notes . 
  using sync pro but coming from an iphone i really miss the upvoting sliding features in narwhal . 
  i wish there was something like this in android . 
  samsung notes for windows 10 is only available to be downloaded from selected samsung tablets with windows 10 which use the s-pen , so is not like an itunes equivalent or the old nokia manager that these can be sync ` ed with outlook or other software . 
  i dunno about your question # 2 . 
  sorry for the misunderstanidng . 
  i want samsung notes to be sync ` ed with other services and not only with a samsung account . 
  the reason for that is screen off memo only saves them to samsung notes and not to s-notes ( two completely separate apps ) . 
  your advise is cool but totally defies the purpose of screen off memo because to get the air command i would have unlocked the screen and opened any desired app . 
  that looks so awesome , for moreover looks very well installed . 
  if that was me bubbles will be all around . 
  ended, 
  not possible, 
  used to be possible ( still is ) in the s-note app .
