  man , they look ugly :(, 
  edit :, 
  yh sure , go ahead and downvote me . 
  still does n't change the fact that this phone is ugly and will flop . 
  i much preferred something like the 830 or fabula based polycarbonate like the lumia 920 or 730 . 
  these 950/xl look good for a budget device . 
  as a flagship , they look horrendous . 
  watch out , that 's enough for the wp mob with pitchforks to crucify you . 
  apparently you are not allow to say these phones are ugly or average here . 
  for some , they are beautiful and microsoft went the extra mile designing them . 
  can confirm , mkbhd is top notch in his reviews, 
  haha that 's so me too, 
  leaker 's so dumb he left all the imei and serial number info in the first leaked photos lol , we know some one is in trouble . 
  i agree, 
  hey there , that not bad , i had good results long time ago with a 925 and a jessop telescope . 
  the problem is uk overall has not many pitch black dark places , mostly have light pollution . 
  was a gift from nokia connects few years ago . 
  haha i wish i had that tiny startac, 
  i think if you do that , cortana stops working . 
  guys , is there any app that shows lyrics of songs being played by the xbox music ? 
  yeah but like him , i also have an old google apps , you can use your own domain to host emails and calendars for free . 
  plus the outlook.com calendar is miles behind the google one i 'm afraid to say . 
  that 's right , he is desperately looking for some karma, 
  thanks a lot sanjeet will do that !, 
  i want to preorder in the uk , i think the only companies so far that have it for pre order are clove and mobilefun, 
  * https://www.clove.co.uk/microsoft-lumia-950-xl, 
  * http://www.mobilefun.co.uk/sim-free-microsoft-lumia-950-32gb-black-p55562.htm, 
  * http://www.mobilefun.co.uk/sim-free-microsoft-lumia-950-xl-32gb-black-p55564.htm, 
  i would recommend the 640 or if possible 830 . 
  any dual core lumia performance is severely impacted in w10 . 
  source : i have a 1020 and w10 was crawling slow , whilst runs pretty decent on a 830 and 735 i have , which is same specs as 640 ( snapdragon 400 / 1gb ram ) . 
  thanks a lot for sharing these photos . 
  i have n't made up my mind yet which one to get 950 or 950xl but i 'm inclined to get the 950xl after looking at your photos . 
  size wise mate , it does n't look as big as i thought . 
  i am using a 930 now so i think wo n't be that different if this one as shown by other posts is smaller than the 640xl . 
  feeling so bad for cable companies ... said no one ever . 
  very nice !, 
  i asked the same on twitter and they said they had no idea and will pass `` my feedback '' to the relevant team . 
  so i think whoever was dealing with you just told you that to appease you and get it done with it . 
  here is the tweet :, 
  it is a more direct answer than the op 's one . 
  those guys at the chat/email team can be condescending as hell who promise anyting to get that call/email thread closed and hoping for a good survey . 
  so to me , it sounds you have no idea how customer service works . 
  thats correct , we have to read between the lines :, 
  - i have researched - would like to inform you - prime video app is not available on windows devices . 
  ( stating the obvious ) . 
  - it might be available soon - i am unable to give you the exact time frame when it will be available . 
  so no windows app , no timeframe and no idea when they will have it , if they will have it at all ... 
  some inconsistencies : amazon `` technical team '' is working on it ? 
  i thought was more to do with dev team or project/software architects . 
  so to conclude , this sound to me like bollocks made up by a tier 1 customer service rep to get your question closed and a happy survey . 
  yup, 
  guys , on another note , can you tell me if build 10549 is decent ( speed wise ) in the lumia 1020 ? 
  i 'm reluctant to do it , as i heard previous builds was terribly slow . 
  yup , i 'm hoping for that thread to get updated . 
  tell me about it , no store at all here in uk . 
  unlucky of the year, 
  completely agree mate, 
  yes , have a look at mine usage :, 
  to me its faster but buggier . 
  some things i use quite a lot : camera & photos gallery , are very buggy in this release . 
  thats true , this guy knows what he is talking about and i agree 100 % with him . 
  every time the w10 gets slow , i tend to go back to wp8 .1 . 
  why ? 
  what he just said : wp8 .1 is stable and well design , w10 is a copy of android + bb10 with horrible sandwich menus all over the place . 
  he said downloads using the edge browser , not the app store . 
  learn to read . 
  agree , this is ages behind android and its troublesome when downloading big files ( pdf , documents ) . 
  my temp solutio adjust the screen timeout to 3 minutes or higher . 
  or keep looking at the phone screen and tap it occasionally . 
  but then i wont have quiet hours working i guess . 
  remember they moved quiet hours from its own menu to cortana now . 
  edit : quiet hours doesnt work in this build . 
  if i enable it get out of the menu then come back , still is disabled . 
  so yh , i will try disabling cortana altogether . 
  in a nutshell : faster but feels buggier at times . 
  the other one was less buggy but helluvalot slower . 
  but more annoying too . 
  like for example i use whatsapp a lot , it froze - black screen `` resuming '' not doing anything , force closed using the multitask menu . 
  then it did n't want to open . 
  you press the icon , and w10 was probably feeling like `` nah bro , i 'm too lazy for this shit ! '' . 
  the only solution i found for frozen apps : restart the phone aka doing the good ol' it crowd `` have you turn it off and on again ? '' ... 
  that seems to work every time . 
  microsoft was never innovative . 
  it was nokia . 
  after the sale , they just cannibalized an entire company and reused the lumia 640 designs in the new phones . 
  i 'm a proud 1020 user and i would have loved to see this model released . 
  as another person posted , 950 series are still meh to me knowing the old nokia design team would have pushed those designs miles ahead . 
  at least with this design they differentiated from everybody else . 
  but nowadays they are all too busy copying the iphone . 
  they reused the 640 designs and made it slightly nicer , but remember the saying `` a pig with lipstick still a pig '' . 
  yup , same here . 
  funny thing is phone gets extremely laggy and slow whilst getting overheated . 
  a rogue process in the background perhaps ? 
  on the 930 yes , fully hard reset at the beginning . 
  but they both behave kinda the same . 
  wtf !, 
  you should have taken a photo at least . 
  now i 'm looking at my lumia 830 corners to see where from i can replicate that, 
  yeah , good job you edited your post .
