  my two cents :, 
  i 'm tired of waiting . 
  been with wp since the nokia lumia 800 and it is always two steps behind ios and android when talking about apps . 
  the biggest problem is the apps . 
  comparing my bank apps between systems makes wp look like crap . 
  not sure what is holding ms bit with all their money this should n't be an issue . 
  wp has a big presence in europe compared to other markets . 
  not because of wp but because of nokia . 
  the moment nokia starts making android phones in 2016 , we all will see the market share plummeting and getting to the same levels as in usa ( less than 5 % and i 'm being generous ) . 
  in conclusion : i feel betrayed when i see how good and stable skype and onedrive are in other platforms and really get pissed every time belfiore says `` its coming soon '' for a missing feature . 
  in the meantime , things that made this an excellent os are disappearing like the people hub and os integration with social media and the photos app showing my facebook photos . 
  dont worry , its `` coming soon \u2122 '', 
  i wish something like those video player apps for android that convert any mp4 videofile into a 3d sbs video that can be viewed using the cardboard . 
  i do n't think that exist in wp yet . 
  thanks for the advise , will give this a try . 
  funny thing for me it happened on both phones, 
  indeed , this is exciting . 
  really happy of developers like him and the 6tag dev . 
  same thing happened to me with my lumia 930 , can only get up to wp8 .1 update 1 but if i try going to update 2 using the insider app , it takes me to w10 whether previously got me to update 2 . 
  my lumia 830 in the other hand can get to update 2 no problems . 
  photos not populating in the photo gallery app , only way to preview and see them is in the lumia camera app using the preview button . 
  not sure if anyone has this problem . 
  i did on an old lumia 800 , the 920 is similar . 
  make sure you get a genuine . 
  steps are a plenty in youtube . 
  very easy to do . 
  you missed the \u2122 , should be coming soon \u2122, 
  text banking ? 
  are we in 2003 or what ? 
  i would recommend consulting a lawyer that specialized in copyright laws . 
  i do n't think you can use a brand 's name ( including movies , games etc ) as this belongs to the respective company ip ( intellectual property ) . 
  just so you get an example , i made an app for subway , the sandwiches restaurant chain for blackberry 10 since they did n't and i use to go & eat a lot there . 
  guess what ? 
  got a nasty cease and desist from their lawyers in new york ( i 'm in uk ) and how i was liable for using their name blah blah . 
  even though i put `` unofficial '' in the app 's name and put a remark in the app description about how i was not associated to them and that subway was a trademark of altaine etc etc still seems was n't enough . 
  hope this helps mate . 
  agree with you , thats why i replaced my lumia 930 for an android . 
  my lumia which i still love , is my secondary phone and i use it for photos and music mostly . 
  maps sometimes . 
  exactly , that 's typical from nokia ( n97 was another example ) . 
  should them put the same processor from the 930 , the 1020 would 've been successful . 
  but we all know how it ended . 
  they better do it , blackberry did with their blend ( although not entirely same as continuum , but the exact opposite ) . 
  but it can be done . 
  haha , but this is because they do n't know any better . 
  i mean , give a turd with 2 megapixels camera and an apple logo to an isheep and they will be immensely happy anyways . 
  agree !, 
  rumors are just that . 
  i will wait and see , still prefer something with basic continuum but a great camera than a full true computer phone . 
  the imdb is crap , last updated 6/18/2012 ( 3 full years !!! ), 
  it pales compared to the ios or android so i will have to disagree . 
  threes and tubecast in the other hand are excellent . 
  well probably only iphone 6 plus which has a very good ois . 
  but the audio recorded in the videos by iphone is not even close to the lumias . 
  so no , still prefer lumia . 
  completely agree . 
  i loved that design so better battery better processor and even keeping the same ram would have been perfect . 
  man we better start buying some ms stocks !, 
  i think in two years the mobile world panorama will be way different with android slowly decreasing their market share and windows slowly going up . 
  plato o plomo means food plate or a bullet ( lead , metal ) . 
  beautiful smile whoa !, 
  still stuck in wp8 .1 update 1 - lumia 930 uk, 
  agree , and indeed , i usually read / r/android and to be honest , our problems are mostly app based . 
  their problems are more battery problems , phones exploding , quality issues and the fragmentation : only a small percentage of phones are using lollipop . 
  but is another example that other platforms have their problems and sometimes they are worse than ours . 
  hope my example appease some of the recent negativity in / r/windowsphone, 
  on the contrary , reddit is a big forum and i agree it has paedos and racist , but in the other side also has scientist and other cool stuff . 
  snapchat is another example whats wrong with society nowadays . 
  it does n't bring anything meaningful and just promotes selfishness and an individual show-off attitude , starting with their devs . 
  it is a dick/booty pic app . 
  but hey , that 's my opinion . 
  like nipples , everybody has them . 
  priorities ... 
  i want to win the lottery , really need it . 
  open in mytube :, 
  javascript : location.href = `` mytube : link = '' + location.href ;, 
  open in metrotube :, 
  javascript : location.href = `` metrotube : videopage?url = '' + encodeuricomponent ( encodeuricomponent ( location.href ) ), 
  it works almost the same as w10 version, 
  6tag does video cropping , but not sure if that 's what you mean . 
  no problems here, 
  ouch, 
  good price wow, 
  i 'm interested in this as well , more about how to add passbook into the wallet ( for tesco , subway-subcard , etc ) . 
  all these require the ios app to download the passbook psk file but i dont think there is a way to find these from wp . 
  808 user here too . 
  you dont imagine how many times i get pissed with ms due to this , it seems everything that made wp exclusive is getting released in android . 
  as much of a wp fanboy i want to be , i completely agree with you . 
  i have the 930 and get excellent battery life ( a whole day of intensive usage ) . 
  i think it might be due to the phone being verizon and you are using it with att . 
  i know the gsm part of it comes unlocked but perhaps the cdma still functional and `` searching '' for signal ( for the 911 ) like probing even though is not activated with verizon . 
  that 's my theory . 
  hopefully it will . 
  setting up a timer when cooking , like putting something in the oven :, 
  `` cortana set an alarm for 25 minutes '' . 
  i do n't , is the most cockney accent ever , whats worse , nobody here ( uk ) speaks like that . 
  like any british person, 
  in the sim tray, 
  proshot is my favorite , it has tons of options . 
  no , i do n't think it will .
