  very possibly , things often * could * get processed more quickly , but you can never predict when you might run into a snag . 
  the cooperation and operational understandings achieved through nato joint exercises has got to be worthwhile . 
  taking the us out of that process would create a vacuum whenever real deployments become necessary . 
  if a situation were to occur where suddenly the us wants to cooperate again with the remaining nato military forces , everything would be delayed or messed up while they try to figure out from scratch a whole slew of procedures and chains of command . 
  for a modern professional military that kind of learning curve should be fully eradicated , so that they can always operate in conjunction with any partners at any time , while maintaining full operational effectiveness and efficiency . 
  i 'm always reminded of the experiences during the spanish civil war of the british author [ george orwell , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_orwell#the_spanish_civil_war ) who seemingly thought he would be joining in some kind of idealistic intellectual debate , then found himself instead on the chaotic frontlines getting shot at . 
  but he was still able to enjoy the company of his wife , who travelled out with cigars for him . 
  in the uk education is a devolved matter , so schools in scotland , wales and northern ireland can teach different curricula to what happens in english schools . 
  arrangements change every few years , depending on which political party is in government . 
  during the blair/brown years schools were `` encouraged '' to include a modern foreign language ( mfl ) at key stage 2 ( age 7-11 ) , but it was only * compulsory * at key stage 3 ( age 11-14 ) . 
  so some did and others did n't . 
  and the list of mfl options is a lot longer than it used to be , meaning schools are not limited to just french , german or spanish like they once were . 
  nowadays , where the local community want it and they can find a suitable teacher , they might choose chinese , russian or arabic for example , or pretty much anything that they can justify . 
  however , for some of the more obscure world languages the schools could encounter difficulties in identifying a suitable syllabus with an approved examining body . 
  my niece started school in wales and all her lessons in all subjects were taught in welsh . 
  then at 13 years old she moved to live in england . 
  after a bit of effort she found a school where she could continue learning welsh as an mfl choice . 
  from what she told us , it seems she was better at it than her teacher - and she did get a * for welsh in her gcse results . 
  some schools also do still give their pupils an opportunity to study `` classics '' like latin or greek too , but those would n't get approved as mfl options , so might get taught during lunchtimes or at after-school clubs maybe . 
  policy was supposed to be about future decision-making , not reversal of historic choices already actioned . 
  i 'd be fairly sure it was n't through studying un ecosystems strategies . 
  last time i looked most countries were signing up to international agreements not to artificially interfere with ongoing natural processes for coastal erosion and land/shore drift . 
  there were a few exceptional circumstances , such as protecting significant inhabited areas that were impractical to relocate . 
  but mostly it was all about not meddling with nature , because it just shifts your local problems onto some other neighbourhood . 
   it does n't really scale , and any large-scale voter fraud would be detected simply because people would arrive at the polling stations and find that they had apparently already voted in a general election it theoretically * could * scale up , because there 'll be many polling stations across the different wards of each constituency . 
  if electoral fraud were somebody 's ambition , they 'd presumably be doing it for the purpose of getting a specific candidate into parliament , and they 'd likely have pre-organised a team of conspirators travelling around all of those polling stations . 
  in african elections the method seems to be that they know * whose * vote they will be casting , so take additional action to prevent those people getting to the poll station in time . 
  i would hope that anybody attempting any such activity would be caught , since it is contrary to the democratic principle . 
  but if that depends on the real voters attending , low turnouts do n't help . 
  and what actually might happen then , if the * real * voters do turn up ? 
  would the bogus votes get identified somehow and not counted , or the entire election re-run ? 
  in recent years many countries have had [ claims of electoral fraud or `` irregularities '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election,_2000 ) made by defeated candidates or their representatives / supporters , but ultimately it never seems to have led to results being overturned in their favour . 
  in the uk there are many more entry pathways than a-levels , although i do accept that lots of undergraduates will have come from school and along that route . 
  however , as well as btec which you mentioned , there are also onc/ond and absolutely dozens more various diplomas and suchlike which are classed as level 3 qualifications . 
  the naming system is maze-like , with each awarding body pretty much doing their own thing . 
  over many years different government agencies , e.g. 
  manpower services commission , learning & skills council , skills funding agency , uk commission for employment & skills , etc. 
  have grappled with defining compatibility . 
  universities undergraduate courses are also accessible in many instances to mature students who lack the usual qualifications , but have relevant practical experience . 
  sometimes they may be asked to complete some kind of foundation course first , but requirements vary . 
  additionally , some higher education institutions and certain courses are likely to be over-subscribed . 
  short-listed candidates can expect to be invited to interview , where arts students for example may be expected to perform or produce a portfolio . 
  i realise it was a movie , but how come spider-man 's girlfriend gwen stacy was attending an interview to get into cambridge ? 
  i would n't eat dog willingly . 
  i prefer my meat to originate from herbivores , not carnivores . 
  i would also , less often , eat meat from omnivores with their diet consisting of * mostly * vegetation , such as pigs and bears ( not that bear meat is easily obtainable where i am ) . 
  but cattle , sheep , deer , fish , poultry and game provide a wide enough readily available selection that i do n't * need * to find extra protein through eating dogs , cats , rodents , weasels , snakes , insects , larvae , etc. 
  if i had lived in tougher times , i 'd probably eat whatever i could obtain , in order to survive . 
  i support allowing other nations to determine their own internal affairs , and elected officials being allowed to get on with the job they are paid to . 
  whatever information trump may or may not have given russia is likely to have minimal implication for ordinary citizens around the world . 
  if satellites are watching my every move and putin is interested in what i ate for breakfast then so be it . 
  according to a [ wikipedia list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_national_birds ) there is also the northern lapwing ( also known as the peewit or green plover ) . 
  however , checking deeper into their [ sources ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/lapwings-tricolour-feathers-fit-the-bill-35153566.html ) reveals it was merely being proposed as a worthy candidate for consideration . 
   `` the lapwing is widely distributed and its wispy crest and floppy wing beat are distinctive , '' said ornithologist frank king of the irish wildlife conservancy . 
   `` from a distance it looks black and white but closer inspection shows a shimmering green iridescence and a snowy white breast , augmented by a buff coloured blaze beneath the tail that might , at a stretch , be described as orange . 
   `` it is full of character and will swoop and dive on animals that come close to its nest in grassy fields or humans who fail to tread carefully . '', 
  british bulldog and mute swan edit : not sure why i 'm getting down-voted here . 
  the mute swan has been a royal symbol of medieval english kings , and has symbolic origins going back to celtic folklore . 
  the british bulldog is perhaps not to everyone 's taste , and seems to have maybe become closely linked to the imperial past and nationalist tendencies , but it was n't always so narrowly viewed . 
  my father died suddenly , so they needed to conduct an autopsy examination and wait for results . 
  by the time those came back , the funeral director and crematorium were unavailable due to other bookings . 
  so his funeral was slightly more than 2 weeks after he 'd died . 
  we invited mourners to join us at a nearby public house after the brief service in the crematorium chapel . 
  we 'd pre-booked , but only organised a couple of trays of sandwiches , some scones and jam , and tea . 
  i discretely put # 20 behind the bar in case anyone wanted alcohol , and told them to let me know if they needed more - but knew that most people there were in cars and going to be driving . 
  i think my dad 's sister downed a couple of large brandies , plus a couple of people had a pint of rubbish lager , but that was it . 
  not sure how many olympic cycles you 've witnessed , but you seem way off on great britain 's favourites . 
  and yes , we compete as gb , not uk . 
  in the winter olympics there is * always * massive support for the men 's and women 's curling teams , a sport which many of us then forget about afterwards !, 
  in summer olympics there is always huge interest in rowing , sailing and cycling , which all provide regular medallists . 
  some of the brazil 2016 television coverage was n't at the most helpful times for casual viewing , but them 's the breaks . 
   soccer a different generation . 
  organised team sports were a thing that the victorians pursued , not the colonists or frontiersmen . 
  and soccer tended to be a working-class sport , whilst the exporters in the main were wealthy gentlemen who played rugger , golf and cricket , or partook of individual athletics disciplines , including running and boxing . 
  [ music hall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/music_hall ) is a type of british theatrical entertainment that was popular from the early victorian era circa 1850 and lasting until 1960 . 
  it involved a mixture of popular songs , comedy , speciality acts , and variety entertainment . 
  the term is derived from a type of theatre or venue in which such entertainment took place . 
  british music hall was similar to american vaudeville , featuring rousing songs and comic acts , while in the united kingdom the term `` vaudeville '' ' referred to more working-class types of entertainment that would have been termed `` burlesque '' in america - * from wikipedia * originating in saloon bars within public houses during the 1830s , music hall entertainment became increasingly popular with audiences , so much so that , during the 1850s , some public houses were demolished and specialised music hall theatres developed in their place . 
  these theatres were designed chiefly so people could consume food and alcohol and smoke tobacco in the auditorium while the entertainment took place . 
  this differed somewhat from the conventional type of theatre , which until then seated the audience in stalls with a separate bar-room . 
  major music halls were based around london and included early music halls like the canterbury music hall in lambeth , wilton 's music hall in tower hamlets , and the middlesex , in drury lane , otherwise known as the old mo. 
  by the mid-19th century , the halls cried out for many new and catchy songs . 
  as a result , professional songwriters were enlisted to provide the music for a plethora of star performers , such as marie lloyd , dan leno , little tich , and george leybourne . 
  music hall did not adopt its own unique style . 
  instead all forms of entertainment were performed : male and female impersonators , lions comiques , mime artists and impressionists , trampoline acts , and comic pianists such as john orlando parry and george grossmith were just a few of the many types of entertainments the audiences could expect to find over the next forty years and beyond . 
  famous ex-beatle paul mccartney 's father was a music hall entertainer . 
  this youtube clip shows [ florrie forde ] ( https://youtu.be/oywygjsetba ) one of the biggest names in later years of music hall . 
  many [ songs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/music_hall_songs ) have survived and are deeply ingrained in the british consciousness , being often revived in period dramas , comedy sketch shows , and seasonal festivities , plus the traditional * cockney knees-up * style of chart-topping performers like [ chas and dave ] ( https://youtu.be/_kzphzujcd4 ), 
  vivaldi was a priest who taught at a religious school . 
  he was extremely prolific in his output . 
  although modern detractors sometimes say he wrote the same piece 400 times , that is rather disingenuous and tells more of a lack of appreciation for baroque - a bit like saying all metal or punk or jazz sounds the same . 
  vivaldi 's responsibilities became so vast that he was given special dispensation to not attend mass - which should give some sense of his high esteem in a catholic society where worship and devotion had such prominence . 
  bach was renowned as a performer as well as being a composer . 
  organ builders would seek him out to test their workmanship , and he frequently terrified them by `` pulling out all the stops '' quite literally , causing their instruments to make the loudest and most deafening of roaring sounds as though the earth was breaking asunder . 
  certainly the more serious and dedicated composers of that era were aware of each other by reputation , but there were of course no dvds , youtube or spotify . 
  printed music was limited in its availability , although some existed . 
  it 's likely that the wealthy aristocrats who supported bach would have sought to acquire the latest fashionable musical outputs from italy , spain , france , etc. 
  other italians of that era , the scarlatti father and son received several visits from noted composers looking to receive tuition or guidance on their newly invented form of composition - the sonata . 
  the most accomplished german lutenist of bach 's day was a chap called silvius leopold weiss , although tales of them meeting up for a `` jam '' session may be apocryphal . 
  ( edit : spellings ),
