very sad . 
  i 've spent a lot of time in manchester and sheffield , which both have successful and popular tram services . 
  the carriages would n't normally jump off the rails easily , so i hope they quickly figure out what caused this incident and prevent any repeats . 
  but it 's an interesting concept . 
  different rocks cleave in different ways , so what the mountain is made of could be pretty interesting to analyse once the safety aspects have been addressed . 
  well , germany as one of the original members with the biggest economies , their funding contribution was probably fairly hefty and warranted some status recognition . 
  this article reeks of envy . 
  size of grant is linked to size of acreage , so it 's hardly rocket science that those with most land are amongst the biggest recipients . 
  that 's the historical basis for the current system . 
  it 's a shame that greenpeace do n't seem to be making much effort to praise farm subsidy recipients for their very worthwhile efforts , in those places where they exist , at implementing good environmental practices . 
  surely , as an environment campaigning group , they ought to have some deeper interest beyond targeting criticism at individual wealth . 
  i shop in both aldi and lidl , for different things . 
  but i still also need to go to a bigger asda or morrisons for other items . 
  i enjoy the variety . 
  which is a mad way of thinking . 
  nobody intervened to stop ireland from offering strong business incentives despite being part of the eu . 
  it is domestic policy . 
  the channel islands , isle of man and ( no surprise ) gibraltar all have preferential tax rates compared to mainland uk , so this sounds like some official who basically does n't understand the subject . 
  edit : sorry , was meant to be reply to comment above . 
  i 'm a little amused by the irony that the [ ** visit gibraltar ** ] ( http://www.visitgibraltar.gi/upper-rock-apes-den ) website identifies their colony of barbary macaques as being europe 's only free-to-roam primates . 
  it then adds that , according to legend , if the apes leave then the colony will no longer be british . 
  i ca n't help wondering if that was maybe originally intended as some kind of insult . 
  not at all . 
  metaphors are notoriously problematic , and rarely work well as an opening gambit with people outside your own inner circle . 
  journalists are well known for trying to set `` bear traps '' for unwitting politicians to stumble into . 
  all he did was take the statement literally - as english is not his first language it was fairly crass to expect he would immediately understand the meaning of `` an elephant in the room '' . 
  edit : cf. 
  darmok and jalad at tanagra, 
  and you 've never tasted black forest gateau until you 've eaten it in the black forest . 
  edit : looks like i replied to the wrong comment , but i 'm leaving it here anyway . 
  rather surprising if this has only just happened . 
  nasa imagery has been freely available for a long time , based on the recognition that it was public funding which enabled missions . 
  it 's not vastly different to material on official governmental websites usually being deemed public domain , except that esa is at arms-length from political oversight . 
   veni , vidi , pizza - julius caesar , possibly, 
  right . 
  he soon will be . 
  any hackers who think they can break into us websites and reveal secret data publicly should probably get their affairs in order . 
  who really needs extradition when an easier option is rendition - grab your most wanted subjects from anywhere in the world and then argue over diplomatic protocols later . 
  maybe , but it was trump 's campaigning rhetoric that was all in favour of using tough interrogation methods and a * whatever-it-takes * approach towards protecting american interests . 
  my initial thought is usually musical , and those psychedelic bands from the '60s / '70s like jefferson airplane , grateful dead , big brother and the holding company , moby grape , quicksilver messenger service - the `` west coast sound '' . 
  mixed feelings . 
  as * consumers * we enjoy accessing some of the brands and feeling part of a global marketplace , but as * citizens * we do n't welcome it when they sometimes dominate the market or seem uncaring of the communities in which they operate . 
  essentially , nearly all large companies with publicly traded shares are likely to have some overseas investors . 
  but there arises less of a public concern if they have a dedicated hq in the local territory , especially if it is a franchise model such as the mcdonald 's fastfood restaurant chain , who appear to work conscientiously within local areas to create jobs and re-invest into communities . 
  other brands , such as starbucks , have been criticised for putting profit before welfare , and avoiding taxation through devious accountancy . 
  so opinions are n't uniform . 
  there was widespread horror in some media when iconic confectionery manufacturer cadbury 's was bought by a non-uk rival , which soon led to large-scale job losses , and later to changes in ingredient recipes . 
  but nobody batted an eyelid that many of their competitors were already headquartered overseas , possibly because earlier takeovers happened in a pre-internet age . 
  car builders like vauxhall and ford have been here so long that many people do n't even think of them as overseas corporations . 
  it helps that they have plants here to make the cars using local materials and labour . 
  occasionally a multinational might scrimp on its marketing and advertising materials , by attempting to run the same campaign across multiple territories without acknowledging local differences . 
  that tends to get them some short-term ridicule . 
  that was not what i said . 
  i 'm usually fine so long as i can comprehend what people are saying . 
  whether it 's george clooney or joe pesci does n't tend to bother me , so long as they fit the role . 
  in the * wallace and gromit * cartoons it was wonderful to hear peter sallis , but equally good to hear mike myers , eddie murphy , etc in * shrek * . 
  of course , with a top-class voice actor they can often do many different characters - such as the excellent bernard cribbins when he worked on tv 's [ the wombles ] ( https://youtu.be/uymhznpdfiq ) series . 
  government should n't need to `` react '' if more businesses were willing to properly invest in their workforce . 
  too often though they only want to recruit people with prior experience and good qualifications , rather than being willing to support unskilled junior staff along that journey . 
  instead of putting a sensible proportion of profits back into training and development , they 'll squander it on boardroom salaries and shareholder dividends - then go squealing to government that it 's external forces to blame for all their woes . 
  that is called `` social engineering . '', 
  traditionally there has been a link between birth rates and poverty/unemployment . 
  the kind of intervention you are suggesting would cost money , which would come from increased taxation , plus would have major consequences for other groups that fall * outside * the target cohort . 
  planned pregnancies within stable relationships generally are regarded as being better overall for the parents and the kids . 
  single parents and younger mothers/fathers will often do a great job , but frequently have to overcome considerably more hassle along the way . 
  crucially , people who lived there tend to not all move forwards and embrace change at the same pace . 
  some retain their no-longer-fashionable mannerisms . 
  and technically u/garyjm probably should n't include the usa , since the british were very much against further expansion westwards . 
  people tend to remember the taxation dispute , overlooking the other conflicting policy topics . 
  perceptions have changed massively over the past forty years . 
  when i first began going the pub in the late '70s it was unusual for women to drink bitter , and i can clearly remember female friends being refused service if they tried ordering a pint instead of a half-pint . 
  there may still be some old-fashioned establishments dotted around with preconceived ideas , but generally today there 's unlikely to be any problem getting your drink of choice in most bars . 
  when i was a kid all the homes in our street had private gardens from roughly one-fifth up to one-third of an acre . 
  most were looked after by the home owners themselves , although i did earn a little pocket money cutting the grass for one elderly neighbour . 
  there was a contractor who visited , probably fortnightly , with a couple of lawn mowers on the back of a truck , but it was only a handful of elderly and infirm residents who used their service . 
  ireland . 
  it 's not part of the uk , but they do speak english . 
  of your limited choice of airlines , iberia definitely fly into dublin ( from madrid ) . 
  if you 're planning to stay for 2-3 weeks there 's plenty of wonderful deserted rural countryside to explore . 
  you could either hire a car , or probably [ find a tour ] ( https://www.shamrockeradventures.com ) heading off south or west for a few days of variety . 
  a few , in widely differing circumstances . 
  i was at school in the 1970s when bangladesh first emerged as a new nation , and they had those terrible floods . 
  out of the many refugees arriving in the uk , several families were temporarily housed near us . 
  they all seem heavily traumatised , but grateful to have an opportunity to rebuild . 
  similarly , we also saw some ugandan refugees who had fled idi amin , and they too were initially struggling to come to terms with what they had been through . 
  amongst my school friends was a lad whose father had fled apartheid south africa - being jewish and politically opinionated he recognised , after being released from his first arrest , there was a very genuine risk to him and his family if they 'd stayed . 
  although they left much wealth behind , he was a skilled surgeon young enough to climb another career ladder . 
  my friend was a brilliant intellectual and polymath , but also had an easy , calm manner . 
  another lad at school , just a few years later , with his family fled rhodesia prior to its transition into zimbabwe . 
  the whole family seemed to have an air of injustice and bitterness about them . 
  and yet they still had considerable affluence upon arrival in the uk . 
  most recently , one of my neighbours was libyan . 
  he had left his homeland through fear of the gaddafi regime . 
  he was a nice guy who worked long hours at a local pizza takeaway . 
  he was very popular with the teenagers who hung out there . 
  after the revolution and overthrow of gaddafi , he returned to libya . 
  did you mean popular to spectate , or to take part ? 
  no idea on spectator popularity , but as far as participating goes * sports england * do a regular survey to measure the number of adults taking part in funded sport across england . 
  here are the latest results , [ published in december 2016 ] ( https://www.sportengland.org/research/about-our-research/active-people-survey ) showing , in order , the most participation in : * 1 \\ . 
  swimming * 2 \\ .
