i do n't know about your parents , but mine are 70 + daily users of several websites for news , shopping and research , skype video chats , e-mail and smartphone apps . 
  it would look much better for northern italy alone . 
  haha , i 'm only pulling your leg , 
  waves of refugees and economic migrants is not a recent phenomenon . 
  it 's hardly an invasion . 
  well , except for * your * island , but you 're barely european :p i guess you get what you deserve , it 's your politicians that allow ( ed ) it after all . 
  to be clear i 'm talking about your * legal * immigration , and not the jungle outside of calais . 
  the number of asians in the uk is of your own making . 
   there are lots of american troops in europe . 
  therefore the potential for conflict and attacks goes up . 
  there has n't been a single attack on american troops in europe that i can remember ? 
  you 're also exaggerating slightly , as there are only us troops in a few locations anyway . 
  the attacks i can remember involved : - the french police and army has suffered some attacks . 
  - there was that one british soldier that was decapitated . 
  i think you 're the one that needs to look around you !, 
  my country 's not filled to the brim with moroccans . 
  you 're quite arrogant and rude !, 
  what makes you an expert on europe or islam ? 
  here 's [ a better source by the way . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/02/muslim-population-growth-christians-religion-pew ) how can you sleep with millions of muslims in your country ?!, 
  the horror !, 
  the so-called rise of muslims in europe is no threat to our countries or culture . 
  you see them as the `` enemy '' , do n't you ? 
  they include waves of immigrants ( refugees ) and people born and raised here . 
  obviously their numbers will rise quickly due to immigration and often large families . 
  you have mexicans , we have muslim neighbors . 
  you obviously have your preconceived notion of what `` muslims '' are . 
  do you even know a bosnian from an iraqi ? 
  what is threatening about a muslim person in your mind ? 
  that they could become extremists ? 
  well , guess what , there are christian nutjobs out there - and the * only * terrorist attack in my country was perpetrated by a right-wing christian . 
  they 're just human beings and the absolute majority are no threat to anyone . 
  their children seek higher education and become doctors , lawyers and engineers . 
  sounds like `` the american dream '' , right ? 
  except they can actually do it in european countries , unlike the us tuition racket . 
  my country took in thousands of yugoslav muslim refugees . 
  they were * properly * integrated and became good , ordinary citizens . 
  it took lots of money and volunteers , but that 's what it takes . 
  or you could leave them to fend for themselves , become criminals and outcasts that might find religion/extremism . 
  they 're only a threat if you ca n't stand the thought of non-white people living in our midst . 
  are you one of those ? 
   do n't want to pay for our own defence if we do n't pay for it why is my tax money funding my country 's military ? 
   they are the nightwatchmen that protect and patrol our borders . 
  my border is * only * protected by my country 's troops , radar , tanks and jets . 
  you 're a swede , you 're not even in nato !, 
   europe is becoming more muslim at a great rate . 
  fox much ? 
   your cases do n't seem as big as the impact immigrant voters have the us . 
  if you 're just talking about the voters themselves it 's not . 
  the issue of immigration is very controversial ( lots of pro and con arguments ) . 
   we are working with different `` scales '' in our heads . 
  yes , that 's probably it . 
   have you lived outside of norway ? 
  yes , i 've lived other places in europe , and studied abroad . 
   immigration in norway still has no impact whatsoever in elections . 
  what !? 
  you obviously do n't follow norwegian politics !, 
  it 's one of the most important issues for us . 
  we do n't even allow legal immigration for non-eu citizens . 
  we only accept asylum seekers by law . 
  the single most important issue this last year has been if we should help more syrians . 
  it 's possibly the hottest topic during this election ; as one party has framed it as financing local services versus the cost of accepting new refugees . 
  or did you mean impact on the * results * themselves ? 
  that 's also a factor . 
   the fear of muslims electing their own politicians is far from true well , they did make a go of it ; we had a pakistani `` labor '' party . 
  this current and on-going election has featured immigrant politicians trying to recruit `` immigrant '' voters . 
  a little , controversial mini-scandal . 
  it 's a real factor in oslo for example where the majority of norwegian muslims live . 
  on the other hand we have many well integrated muslims in most political parties on both national and local levels . 
  we 've had muslim and non-european [ female ] ministers of state . 
  there are high profile people that are at least nominal muslims in leading positions in the major parties . 
   i do n't know much about norway , i overgeneralized . 
  but you get my point . 
  i can tell . 
  you 've framed it as a question of globalization , but that 's not the same as * global * immigration . 
  we have no issue with european ( eu ) immigration which would cover our needs such as `` aging population '' and other labor demands . 
  globalization is the tendency of businesses , technologies , or philosophies to spread throughout the world , or the process of making this happen . 
  the global economy is sometimes referred to as a globality , characterized as a totally interconnected marketplace , unhampered by time zones or national boundaries . 
   i wonder how the benefits of immigration ( which do n't create strong emotional responses as the fear of immigration ) really affect a society . 
  we 've seen some very positive effects obviously , as we could n't fill all of our jobs without other europeans etc. 
  the most interesting fact is that the current downswing in the oil & offshore industry has meant few norwegians have lost their jobs by comparison with other europeans-in-norway . 
  for example the polish part of the workforce at the major yards have been let go as they were on flexible contracts . 
  there is little fear of the polish or lithuanian migrant work force in norway , they 've been coming here for two decades now . 
  they 're easily accepted into our neighborhoods and workforce , despite the fact that we do n't share the same ethnicity , language or religion ( catholics ) . 
   and if they get a job , they can stay even when their asylum gets denied . 
  it 's certainly very humane of sweden , but then again they ca n't find jobs for their own youth !, 
  which is why they 're paying to ship them to norway !, 
  some swedish municipalities simply pay for a bus ticket to oslo . 
  it 's easier to accept lots of new citizens when you can dump yours on the neighbors ... 
  i do n't believe the relevant and specific tribes did ? 
  the tribes that scandinavians descend from first entered denmark , crossed into southern sweden and eventually around norway 's coast line . 
  haha , you 'll certainly fit right in !, 
  oh , my , you 're some new level trolling ( tm ) . 
  very amusing !, 
   if it 's a trust issue , the only way to change that is by being a good guest/neighbor and building trust . 
  yes , but you wo n't get the chance . 
  it 's a matter of cultures and you do n't separate people from that over night . 
  a foreigner will have slightly different feelings and thoughts about what 's acceptable to do , when it 's acceptable , paying taxes , the police 's status and corruption , the state 's trustworthiness , etc. 
  this is the `` trust '' and collective identity we share here ; it takes decades to become assimilated properly . 
  if you ca n't be identified as trustworthy people will reject you [ in the rent scenario ] .
