shitting on a public street in the uk, 
  hobbits live there ? 
  they only win majorities in the scottish parliament elections , not really in the uk nationals . 
  yeah , but putin has closed most of the dissenting press . 
  some russian opposition mps were on the telly last night saying putin has frozen their bank accounts and are threatening opposition mps with foreign travel bans . 
  this article has dates and everything wrong . 
  cool . 
  we 're only 5 miles apart . 
  i 'm on the road to aberfoyle . 
  same here , village north of glasgow . 
  fibre optic coming in the summer . 
  woot . 
  scotland !!!!!!!!, 
  this is just dumb . 
  we have so much we know what to do with it all . 
  scotland is one of the wettest countries in the world and i 've never seen a low reservoir . 
  as long as they do n't drive en-mass across the polish border . 
  lulz, 
  thieving tinks nicking scrap, 
  his ibs is playing up . 
  he has the squits, 
  he always looks constipated . 
  this will end well . 
  it 's the land of the great polanders . 
  my observations from over here agree with you . 
  i agree that his communications skills are woeful at best . 
  some good points there . 
  we already have part of a squadron and about 800 soldiers in the baltics and another 2000 in polandland . 
  london voted remain ? 
  it 's called washing the place . 
  good new , which i hope leads to much better news . 
  some more rotten apples behind that door too !, 
  obviously . 
  the unions have received millions from the taxpayer through the union learning fund and the union modernisation fund . 
  this is where the money was meant to be spent . 
  it 's the unions fault turnouts are low . 
  they should look at themselves . 
  unions also receive about 80 million a year in direct payments from the public sector . 
  they receive almost twice as much as donations to the labour and tory party combined . 
  he he he :0 ), 
  i do n't believe car manufacturers would lie . 
  ahem ... cough ... 
  stay out my fap folder !!!!, 
  in japan this is porn . 
  very true . 
  i just think the authorities will want a few pounds of flesh as they have had the piss taken out of 'em . 
  it 's not a problem or a defective component . 
  it looks like they actively conspired to defraud , lie and generally bollocks everyone about . 
  that 's france !, 
  heard it here first !, 
  sounded like my school when i was a kid, 
  stop fapping into the night and turn the pc off and go to bed at a reasonable hour ? 
  pretty awful . 
  the usual political crap . 
  not queueing is a sin . 
  who said that ? 
  with plenty of water , of course . 
  he does n't look like a weary huddled mass . 
  damn the bulgarians with their milk inducements :d, 
  more russian lunacy, 
  can into nato, 
  he never got his new teeth ? 
  brilliant !, 
  everywhere has it 's negatives , this thread is about expectations , and nowhere is immune . 
  read the comment above mine . 
  arabs are n't immune from going bust . 
  dubai went bust and had to borrow from abu dhabi . 
  in the long term their state investment fund looks okay . 
  it 's why they own half of london, 
  you tell 'em sunshine . 
  germany will give her a pat on the head and rub her belly . 
  true , but you ca n't integrate europe itself . 
  that is sorta true . 
  in kuwait i found a fair few refugees and bundles in jordan , but as for the rest , i can not say . 
  hair splittn ', 
  yeah , when i was there almost 20 years ago none of the locals trusted the palestinians . 
  some wine . 
  jordan has taken over a million and has a population of only 4 million . 
  yep , figures on the radio says 4 million refugees since the mid 90s . 
  we are clearly so evil . 
  good move and a necessary one . 
  clown, 
  people are waiting 9 years to get a house . 
  some people ca n't even get their kids into school due to lack of places , rents are sky high , pay has been frozen . 
  all this and more adds to the problems we already have . 
  we have very few places left to build houses and facilities , so basically we 're full up . 
   western , open-minded , non-religious , enlightenment-based values that were hard won over centuries the people coming here often do not have this view . 
  fuck off merkel back recently from a trip to ireland i can you that they are swamped with all sorts and secondly they 're skint . 
  yep , you get a subsidy from the eu as long as you rotate your crop to , say , baseball bats with a nail through it . 
  a big castle with ye old dungeons and lived in by some rich nobs who are friends of prince charles . 
  it was rebuilt in the 1930s to include old ruins and now quite plesatn . . 
  it has nice gardens with ponds and stuff . 
  raping kids , supporting organised crime since the dawn of their church . 
  legally , i might add . 
  rather liberal use of the word `` singer '' . 
  nope . 
  no drought here . 
  you 'll do as europe tells ya !, 
  or itself if you went all the way around ... 
  result .
