  arrow points to shetland in scotland not ingerland . 
  that 's a good result . 
  good guy romania . 
  this has been nicked straight from an episode of captain scarlett or thunderbirds . 
  it was . 
  and britain and france did move against germany and it went badly . 
  aye aye good sir . 
  fucking lovely that stuff . 
  yes , that sounds about right :d, 
  so good points , but trade is the basis for everything and always has been . 
  let 's say the eu was poor ; nobody would give a toss to what they say . 
  the point you made can be done in co-operation , it does not need closer union . 
  a success for whom ? 
  i agree . 
  there is plenty we can also work together on , like we have in the past , but it should be based around trade and consumer protection . 
  without fiscal union ? 
  surely with or without . 
  meanwhile , western europeans integrate in western europe . 
  thanks man . 
  poland is eastern europe . 
  must sell book ... 
  yep , really . 
  we do n't want them back . 
  i remember germany tried picking europe 's leaders before ... 
  this is the problem with bureaucrats . 
  they just can not see it any other way - ever . 
  paywall article . 
  you do n't have to pay in here to get cradle to the grave health care and the same with benefits . 
  if they can get asylum and then residency after a few years they are entitled to everything - housing schooling , healthcare and so on . 
  who are the libdems again ? 
  lulz, 
  if we all worked with the court of auditors methods there would be no such thing as corruption and dodgy accounts . 
  you should learn about this department , before posting the above link . 
  the eu ca n't even sign of its own accounts and prosecutes corruption whistle-blowers, 
  hahaha !, 
  fair comment , 
  there was a russian and austrian army on it 's way and i doubt a french victory would have lasted, 
  norway supplies us with gas and they are super reliable and do n't get their panties in a twist . 
  i hope they make a bundle . 
  several countries use this design . 
  it seems well liked and i think others will follow . 
  load of balls , then, 
  it 's because women here have babies when they are older , often in their 40s, 
  no shit . 
  they were running very short of fuel , lubricants and rubber . 
  thus the russians asked the uk to invade iran and build the road , re-build the railway and build a pipeline part way towards russia . 
  britain captured the oil refineries but it took much needed troops from north africa , iraq and india . 
   for the last month we have been working with avaaz to track the election coverage of the right wing press seems kind of a bias . 
  we already know murdoch is an arse . 
  hehehe !, 
  so , you wo n't mind stumping up billions more so keep everybody happy ? 
  hope somebody filmed it . 
  yes , but the germans will have to stump up more cash . 
  that show where they follow the border agency and customs guys plus a million google links : http://www.theguardian.com/society/2005/mar/18/asylum.politics http://www.communitycare.co.uk/2004/09/17/blunkett-pledged-to-jail-asylum-seekers-who-destroy-documents/, 
  irrelevant . 
  they come here and then claim asylum , many come legally and then over stay and disappear . 
  i was watching the documentary about the border agency and what you say is nonsense in practice . 
  one pakistani guy had 4 different passports with his face on them coming off an international flight . 
  nonsense . 
  many arrive on planes and destroy their documents in the terminal and then claim asylum . 
  it 's not so messy , so you do n't hear about it . 
   tea all over keyboard . 
  he 's not a king . 
  but yer wine is fabulous . 
  meh , only a salisbury steak , med-x and a wrench, 
  rolling news in the internet and digital age does n't help . 
  you feel you hear so much more about it . 
  liverpool ... always unhappy . 
  75 % of scotland was forest woodland until : royal navy needed it all to build ships , and then ww1 and ww2 took the rest and pretty much never replanted . 
  yep , so they say . 
  `` he study estimated that under a worst case scenario , '' so , worst case and no comparison makes the article a little over focused on one outcome . 
  bravo . 
  great retort . 
  the spice must flow ... 
  fuck this shit . 
  i want moira stuart behind a desk telling me stuff . 
  another reason the german govt . 
  were not so outraged and acted more quietly . 
  not factually accurate . 
  i could n't count any facts in that article . 
  students do n't like hearing ` the other side ' . 
  it 's people that agree with the students or nothing . 
  we used to use neeps as well in scotland and some were just plain scary . 
  the way it should be . 
  good . 
  i love this sorta stuff . 
  and only germany is to blame . 
  cool . 
  you 'll have to pay me to change my mind on that . 
  your german masters might not like that , 
  i do not . 
  juncker is a clown . 
  exactly , we still have legal control of our own borders . 
  well done romania . 
  believe me , you do n't want to be a part of it . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ttip-controversy-secret-trade-deal-can-only-be-read-secure-in-reading-room-in-brussels-10456206.html an investigation by german news site correct!v has revealed that the commission is cracking down on ttip security following a series of leaks , purportedly by eu member states who had accessed information on the deal electronically . 
  the title is garbage . 
  they can be viewed brussels by meps in hard copy . 
  they do not need to go to a us embassy . 
  russia said he 'd go and assad said no flipping way would he go .
