neither two hundred, 
  yes but the fascio littorio was used as a symbol by the fasci-st party too , pretty sure she 's joking citing the origin of the fasces and the inspiration the fascists took from the roman era, 
  why do n't color megaman with the green , white and red ? 
  [ like the rainbow carrot in the carrot field ] ( https://i.redd.it/0bf27garwzoy.png ) and the beam that starts as g-w-r and fades in blue-lightblue-white . 
  like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rakgmma.jpg ) or do n't , it 's fine, 
  we show too !, 
  thanks albanian mates !, 
  mh only people angry here ( you can easily verify looking at every thread regarding brexit ) are you people shocked when the eu declares your country needs to follow the previous agreements and ca n't get special treatment only because you got no plan and think you 're some kind of special kid , 
  this sole pathetic reply is enough of a reason to explain what kind of burden you were and how you never even understood the basic of the european union . 
  begged to come in . 
  been a dead weight 40 years . 
  vote to get out and cheer . 
  why should i make my life harder and more expensive ? 
  the problem must be solved at the root from the government, 
  hell , when i worked there i had to take an hard disk full of movies and shows , not knowing if i would had an active internet connection for netflix in my home ** and ** knowing how harsh they are on downloading torrents . 
  unbelievable . 
  i do n't think it would be safe for them to have their servers here , even though downloading torrents is no problem at all here, 
  never tried that , but donkey filled agnolotti are the best filled pasta i 've ever had, 
  if one ca n't take care of his butt for his own hygiene , i sure wo n't thrust that person 's hands either . 
  [ of course it does ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2ofqh7q.jpg ), 
  way more `` iron-ish '' than beef , but not bad at all . 
  anyway donkey is da bomb and da best . 
  it 's funny that it implies that to be clean you got to wash your hands after a dump , but not your butt . 
  that 's why , to us , every other country with no bidet is at a solid 0 % , 
  we love us some stracciatella dough, 
  i checked again most names and digital age ( digital : age , digital : age ) is the only one that does n't show as of today ( unless i misspelled the name ) !, 
  also last time it was posted i tries to look for some , like digital : age and did n't even find it on spotify besides a band that had nothing to do with djs and electronic music . 
  i 'm honestly not sure about the reliability of this map ... 
  that was my question . 
  i was wondering if wines as barolo , barbaresco were included in the nebbiolo category since made with the same grapes ( i could n't say about other regions because i do n't know their wines ) , so the answer is yes, 
  is barolo included in the nebbiolo category ? 
  otherwise there is at least one 1 missing in the piedmont area . 
  unless you 're a vecchio at the bar della stazione , then caff\u00e9 and sambuca are standard procedure . 
  did you see the average pasta dish on / r/food ? 
  it 's usually a creamy soup full of heavy ingredients like cream , butter , lots of cheese , bacon and shit , shrimps all mixed together and sometimes a piece or two of pasta . 
  even the heaviest of pasta sauces in italy are n't that heavy and the heavy ones , we do n't eat them that often anyway . 
  and we use way less condiments in both variety and quantity . 
  you write keto , i read torture, 
  fun fact : [ all these walls in red ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ejszkhe.jpg?1 ) are quite empty ( not the lighter building , behind it ) , because they are built around the mountain that ends with its tip inside of the church ( the red triangle ) . 
  there are some stairs and some tombs . 
  [ here you can find a good sum up ] ( http://www.ancient.eu/agrigento/ ), 
  sorry , i misunderstood . 
  so we 're talking about , idk , i live in beijing and i find a stone slab buried since 1200 , but dating back to 300 ad , should that be on the map ? 
  otherwise i do n't think i understand the criteria they used ... really interesting nonetheless, 
  yes , but not only on buildings i think . 
  because the one in the towns near mine are written on stone slabs and i know for a fact some of those towns ' first records date back to the year ~ 1000 , so when the roman empire in the west was long gone . 
  it 's also quite ironic to read , since their coward government still did n't recognize their armenian genocide after over 100 years . 
  i do n't know how many countries could count in its history a genocide of millions of people , they 're closer to nazi germany than dutches , todays germany and pretty much any european country . 
   eh america has sponsored right wingers in europe since the end of ww2 . 
  in europe , in central and south america , plus all the support to nice people like the moderate afghan mujahadins or their friendship with other dictatorships like with south korea after the may 16 coup . 
  usa never had any interests in supporting democracies , they 're barely ok about having it in their own country . 
  almost 1000 $ less !, 
  that 's great !, 
  it 's out of my pocket sadly , 4 nights at the start of january is 2400 $ . 
  would be great though , looks like such a great place to pass some days . 
  here in italy , iirc , you can serve an alcoholic beverage to people after 16 . 
  and you can buy it from shops after 18 . 
  but pretty much anyone start experimenting with some alcohol around 15-16 during the first high school parties , when everyone get their first mopeds so they can freely go out at night and it 's not hard to buy alcohol anyway since ids are rarely asked in my experience . 
  also , since in italy summer holidays are 3 months long , you can imagine how many nights will be passed going out and drinking a beer or two . 
  in the end i feel like when we get to 21 most of that youth trasgression regarding alcohol is gone and start being consumed in a more responsible way . 
  just my opinion though . 
   you have to calculate in that in germany they only have class in the morning who ... who do n't ? 
  dude if you think she is centre left , maybe none of us know nothing about us politics , but you sure as hell know nothing about politics at all . 
  she is nothing but a right politician and only americans could think otherwise , due to their political world being shifted way more to the right than anywhere else in the ( developed ) world . 
  sorry but i 'm trying to find this `` ditigal age '' on spotify and google . 
  besides a shitty group called the digital age that doesn 's sound anything like techno , i have found nothing . 
  any help ? 
  wait , if they get supported by family or got scholarships or previous earnings i do n't think they will pay any taxes . 
  would be nice too see the stars going to the beach here , it 's even less visible du to the interrupted line of cities all along the coast, 
   rightwing populists  i think this sort of comportment and rhethoric deserves its own term and trumpism is an attempt at creating one, 
  very few countries were on the `` right side '' of history for more than a bunch of decades at all, 
  ehy , at least their cheese eating do n't make them deformed like your alcoholism . 
  an army of professional soldier with fas would be a grotesque joy to watch . 
  hostile for revenge ? 
  like literally inventing stuff lol . 
  but they taught me goulash is to be served inside a loaf of bread . 
  if you now tell me it 's not you 'll destroy my world op . 
  she was a class act not being bothered the slightest by those undemocratic chimps and concluding the speech without blinking an eye . 
  oh god what a bunch of pussies in this thread , you whine more than the women you 're talking about , maybe they should give you a free entrance on women 's day for real . 
  [ every first sunday of the month you can go for free anyway ] ( http://www.beniculturali.it/mibac/export/mibac/sito-mibac/contenuti/mibacunif/eventi/visualizza_asset.html_309444232.html ) . 
  plus many cities , museums organizations and regions set also [ weekdays ] ( http://www.guidatorino.com/musei-gratis-a-torino-la-lista-completa/ ) and [ special days ] ( http://www.ilpost.it/2016/10/15/musei-gratis-giornata-arte-contemporanea-15-ottobre/ ) to visit museums for free . 
  in this case the critics are even more laughable since people can visits museums for free [ tomorrow 5 march anyway ] ( http://www.stilearte.it/musei-gratis-il-5-febbraio-2017-qui-lelenco-completo-italia-domenicalmuseo/ ) . 
  so men will have the same opportunity as women to see them free of charge , during their probable day off , and women will have the gift of another free visit during a wednesday . 
  big fuss , hope y' all who cried like little girls here can get past this incredible offense and that your weak sould could fully repair and maybe grow a pair of functioning testicles for once ( a little more brain wo n't hurt too ) . 
  my city even [ expanded that ] ( http://www.guidatorino.com/musei-gratis-a-torino-la-lista-completa/ ) and you can go to different museums for free every day of the week ( well , six days of the week ) . 
  am italian , never even heard about men 's day , i have not a clue what you 're talking about when you say it 's observed in my country . 
  i checked and it exists , but the italian wiki page has even less informations than the italy voice in the english page ( which has info i 've never heard about ) , that 's how much it is n't observed, 
  mayonnaise ( + mustard ) master race, 
  do koreans also have the r/l problem like japanese and chinese ? 
  toffee ... but that 's a thing already . 
  damn humans, 
  it was mutually beneficial 'til you were into the eu . 
  when you voted to exit you decided to end that , it 's honestly pathetic to cry for lack of fairness when all was caused by you and everything is done according to the law that your government and your people clearly knew and ratified decades ago ( or should have ) . 
  stop making a fool of yourself , please, 
  ca n't wait for the suburra series to come out, 
  it is fair because it was something all the parties were well aware of and agreed beforehand . 
  allowing you favors because of some unexplicable reasons you made up would n't be fair , expecially when the duty of eu is to protect eu members rights , not to come rescue you after you decided to leave . 
  so it is n't fair only when it does n't follow your interests , i guess . 
  the left is coffee , the right is coffee . 
  it 's called coffee , is made from coffee , is older than that shitty `` real '' coffee you 're talking about .
