you want good seats , buy tickets first , before other plebs , it is same principle but you for sure know that you will seat next your friends when buying tickets . 
  they had 7170 applications , approved 2810 and rejected 4155 . http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/3-24032014-ap/en/3-24032014-ap-en.pdf, 
  coffee usually have more caffeine then most energy drinks , around 300-600 mg/l depends how was make . 
  for example , red bull have 325 mg/l , mountaine dew 180 , monster 338 . 
  even normal tea can have more then 150 mg/l caffeine , so will they ban tea to for minors ? 
  it is astonish how fast things change , only 20 years ago in 1994 , referendum for allowing divorce in ireland barely pass with 50.28 % for and 49.72 % against . 
  now just 20 years after , huge majority is for same sex marriage ( if poll is correct ), 
  application for membership is just start of long process to join eu . 
  now there are more harsh criteria to join eu after bulgaria and romania joined . 
  for croatia it was 11 years from started negotiation to joining eu . 
  serbia get ec ratification 2009 and wo n't join before 2019 , so it will be more then 10 years too . 
  some counties have candidat status but maybe will never join like turkey or it will take long time like macedonia or b&h . so if ukraine submit eu membership in 2020 , it can take up to 2030 and longer that they join eu . 
  that is long time and hopefully problems that they have today will be gone . 
  attacking nato member will cause full war of nato with russia or complete collapse of nato . 
  that is basicly core of nato pact , to defend nato members . 
  if nato does not react to aggression on one of member , others will leave to and form alliance that they believe it will help them when needed . 
  most powerful nato members , like us would never allow that happen even if that mean war with russia . 
  language play important role too , most journalist know english and it is easy to them to write articles about something about they have lots sources online that they understand . 
  for example in croatia there will be most news from us/uk , then from neighbour countries like bih and serbia that talk languages that everyone understand in croatia , less from slovenia and almost nothing about hungary because almost none journalist know hungarian and if there is news about hungary it will be again from some english source . 
  there are shelters in my city that gives free meals to anyone who come , and yet people do n't go there for free meal if they do n't really need it . 
  never heard someone that said , let go get free dinner in shelter just because it is free food . 
  is that putin admit that there was russian soldiers enough ? 
  there is big difference between learn about religion from secular teacher and religious class that will teach own religion and do things like pray in school . 
  in croatia is not mandatory , but often there is no choice , there is no other activity in elementary school , so you must choose will your 7 old child be alone in hall while other are in catholic class , or they will attend too . 
  teachers and teaching programs are chosen from church , pay from government , think it is 2h per week . 
  most people still do n't take european election serious . 
  in national election turnout is much higher , but european was always low . 
  it is on separate map on top right , one win for former yugoslavia and west germany . 
  in croatia you only need to register if you wan na vote in other place then where you usually live , so if you will be in other city on election day , you will need to register so you can vote there . 
  difference with us is that here it is mandatory to have id card and to register your place of living . 
  with that it is easy to make list of voters and no need for separate register for voting . 
  for croatia , it is one more stupid decision from national television . 
  it is not austerity measures , national television have same budget as previous years . 
  but for some years they make stupid decision about eurovision , first they decide that people will not vote any more and decide who will go on eurovision because people do n't know what are good songs , so they will on own choose what song will be better for eurovision , then they tried make some reality show from it , then some stupid thing that they own first choose song and then choose who will sing it . 
  and after that failed , they say we wo n't go to eurovision anymore instead go to old format that was successful . 
  did you look for porn ? 
  do n't you know , internet is for porn . 
  no it is not . 
  [ burek ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/b%c3%b6rek ) is turk meal and can be filed with random thing , including cheese . 
  but in bosina they think it is only their meal and can be made only with meat . 
  they would wait years anyway . 
  for croatia it take 9 years since candidate status till membership . 
  around same time will be probably for serbia . 
  turkey have candidate status and it is question if they ever join eu . 
  no , we do n't have it . 
  hopefully we will have it in few weeks and it will not be exactly same ( for example no adoptions rights ) but true if that law pass it will be step in right direction . 
  about what you talking ? 
  so we need to praise protest and demonstrators that attack and try burn building in which are some left wing people , or that attack russian embassy because something that happens more then 25 years ago , and do n't have anything with today russia , that burn gay symbols because for them is `` symbol of plague '' ? 
  others who need to qualify if they are ready said so too , like european commission . 
  it is not that there are some problems with control schengen borders in bulgaria and romania , they are ready for that . 
  mean , romanians and bulgarians can even without schengen go and live in any eu country ( they need work permit still for some , but that have nothing with schengen ) , only difference is that need show passport/id when cross border . 
  you only forgot that crime rate is at lowest level for more then 30 years . 
  in croatian we have something similar : boli me kurac . 
  literally : my dick hurt . 
  meaning : i do n't fucking care . 
  no idea why someone would n't care if his dick hurt . 
  why would eu say something ? 
  there is no law in eu that say anything about having two langues . 
  some countries have multilingualism , most do n't . 
  no one say anything for example to czech not having german plates , or to france not recognize any other language . 
  but , yea it is part of croatian law , and serbian cyrillic plates are put in vukovar . 
  there was problem first day in morning when they was broken by 50-100 protesters , but they was put again same day afternoon and now stay there for more then week without problem . 
  some people still protest and complain but they did n't try to remove them again . 
  so croatia abide their law , and that is one more reason that is not eu problem . 
  agree , this is the best for me , you get chill when listening . 
  just one of things . 
  they talk in croatia few years ago about that law but nothing change . 
  you still can buy sim card for 3 $ without id card . 
  croatia * we are entering eu in 10 days * we are entering eu in 9 days * we are entering eu in 8 days * it is hot , really hot and we are entering eu soon . 
  * there will be a party for entering eu and everyone is coming to party with us, 
  anyone know how many people in austria choose civil service rather then go to army ? 
  everyone must have health insurance . 
  employer pay it for workers . 
  children , students and unemployments do n't need to pay ( even there is strange law , if you are unemployment you have deadline of one month to get new health insurance , if you do that you can have it until end of your life , if you miss it you must pay until you get job ) . 
  but even with health insurance you need pay some participation in costs ( maximum ~ 250 $ for bill ) if you do n't have additional insurance that cost ~ 15 euro per month . 
  if you have that everything is `` free '' . 
  this demonstration was actually under the slogan `` stop assaults on muslim families in denmark '' and it started after the government removed a 15 year old boy from his farther due to the suspicion that the father was radicalizing his son . 
  it have nothing to do with isis . 
  it was organized by hizb-ut-tahrir and they are most radical islamic group in denmark . 
  advertising alcoholic drinks is illegal , but beer and wine are for law food products so they are allowed . 
  so just let russia to do what ever they want in latvia , estonia ... 
  sounds dangerous , how many police officers are killed every year in those dangerous areas in sweden ? 
  so many immigrants on / r/europe . 
  they downvote our posts , take all our upvotes . 
  we must protect out subreddit , build fences around it , send them back from where they come , ban them all . 
  it was all so good before they all come . 
  but why then twitch is not banned ? 
  there are lot of twitch channels with more then 500 viewers . 
  but even without increasing integration , everyone in eu can go live and work in nordic countries . 
  more integration wo n't change that . 
  no it does n't , vat for tourism like rents , hotels , restaurants ... in croatia is 13 % ( it was 10 % 2 year ago and was raised to 13 % ), 
  are there any polls about how people will vote ? 
  it is not only pension system . 
  health care system will be under much more pressure as percent of old people raise in population . 
  old people usually need more health care and they pay lot less or nothing for health insurance . 
  what about adopt children ? 
  do they have right to polish citizenship if one of adopters is polish ? 
  20 000 refuges in 2 years for whole eu ? 
  no one can say that is to much , same as 737 for latvia . 
  problem is that there is much more refuges , but this proposal numbers from european commission are low , and do n't see any country in eu would have some problem with only this number .
