  we do ? 
  who is doing that ? 
  no one here reported something about anything like this . 
  guess you never looked at a map . 
  it does . 
  rfe is n't the only news source there is and their claims can be verified , just like rt claims can be verified by other sources . 
  turns out that rfe is trustable and rt is not . 
  so that 's a yes . 
  you could n't fly through middle africa and some parts of northern africa , you could n't fly in the south of turkey , you could n't fly through almost the entire middle east and parts of south america are also questionable . 
  so only fly in the eu , us and canada ? 
  depends on the country . 
  the concept of a day of national mourning does n't exist in the netherlands , so that would be a pretty weird law . 
  dutch citizens can do whatever they want and the flags on government buildings are free to be half mast whenever they please . 
  only now our pm instructed a special flag instruction stating that all dutch flags on governmental buildings should be flown half mast . 
  it 's roughly the dumbest thing you can do . 
  why would you try to hide information that 's false ? 
  just point and laugh . 
  and it 's not like you can actually censor them . 
  your grandpa does n't know about rt and those who do can go around any form of online censorship . 
  yes , censoring rt is totally not censorship and would solve our problems . 
  as rutte said , we want the truth as soon as possible and bring those murderers to justice . 
  you limit the possibility to get all the answers by already accusing russia self . 
  we need russia to get all the answers . 
  this is pure out of own interest . 
  and they were n't told to not fly there . 
  that 's factual wrong and many , many times debunked . 
  and russia also did it once . 
  and ukraine too . 
  what 's your point ? 
  polandball comic in the making . 
  they will do nothing without eu approval . 
  normally i would say that the dutch government would n't really do anything . 
  however , rutte announced that we will figure out who shot down that plane and that we will punish them for their crimes . 
  thought that i unsubscribed from / r/worldnews . 
  a lot of people suddenly seem to be an international politics/military/economical expert . 
  the dutch prime minister announced a special flag instruction for all government buildings . 
  this means that the dutch flags on government buildings will be flown half mast . 
  shit , you 're even more stupid then you seemed in your first post . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  it does n't look like facebook , does someone have a direct link ? 
  i thought that belgium is a lot more expensive . 
  maybe they have less speedtraps , but do n't know about that . 
  on what do you base that ? 
  do you know anything about the budget , except that it got higher ? 
  it stabilized in 2007 . 
  the threat created by dutch citizens who fight in civil wars only really started in 2012 . 
  the threat only became bigger and bigger since 2007 , yet the budget did n't change much . 
  apparently the < 150 million budget was n't enough in 2006 and the years before that and i do n't see what changed that makes a < 150 million budget defendable . 
  as they should . 
  so the entire nato , minus the us and canada ( and turkey ) ? 
  i do n't see any reason to do that . 
  just look at the european battlegroups , they 're just shitty . 
  and now you expect us to have a unified military ? 
  so basically , nato ? 
  he 's just a bit bitter . 
  you obviously should n't wait in the line for the anna frank house or something like that , but it is n't that bad . 
  itt : no one understands the question or posts sources . 
  the op states that if a woman robs someone she often gets a lighter sentence then a man who would do the same . 
  he asks if that also happens in europe . 
  the netherlands : no reason : we have no reason to give him asylum , it 's not in our interest . 
  and there are many `` snowdens '' in the eastern world ( china , india , ... ) . 
  we ca n't say `` you get one because you got a lot of media attention '' and `` you do n't get one cause your not that popular '' . 
  go with the train ? 
  on his thumb . 
  there are more issues in the world then ttip . . 
  non of the parties are perfect , you choose the 1 that line up with your view the most . 
  as opposed to which country that does that ? 
  just annex belgium and create a new southern sea out of wallonia . 
  nope . 
  it only becomes more clear with big posts . 
  fuzzing happens and every posts . 
  source, 
  it 's about the rights they have ... 
  it 's literally wrong . 
   article 1 of the constitution of the kingdom of the netherlands :  all persons in the netherlands shall be treated equally in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination on the grounds of religion , belief , political opinion , race or sex or on any other grounds whatsoever shall not be permitted . 
  does n't this cover like 10/14 points in the `` equality and non-discrimination '' section ? 
  and they go on about specific articles on hate-speech and hate crimes against against sexual orientation/gender identity . 
  we said hate-speech is wrong and a crime out of hate is n't any worse then any other crime for any reason . 
  should we really make specific laws about this ? 
  seems like a form of discrimination to me . 
  til that `` spending x % of your gdp on military '' automatically defines how efficient you use your resources and how good your military is ... 
  he was saying that mayors and police where acting close to the border or even outside the law , which they do n't . 
  he just had n't updates his info for a couple years . 
  only in certain areas . 
  if a big event goes on or something like that , the mayor of the city out out an order that says in which area the police are allowed to search . 
  it also apply to high crime ( or high risk areas . 
  however , actually searching just cause is a rare occurrence . 
  and note that this is a measurement against weapons !, 
  they wo n't be looking for 16 y.o. 
  with empty beer cans in their pockets . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  and glad he deleted his comment , since it was complete bullshit . 
  are we talking about car searches or body searches ? 
  how can it be a opinion ? 
  look how many inmates there are . 
  now look how many places there are . 
  sounds like simple fact to me . 
  do you have any source whatsoever ? 
  i think you 're referring to project 1012 , which is about making the amsterdam center more attractive and fight crime .
