  we should totally liberate belgium ( well , the flemish ) and luxembourg and make them part of the greater netherlands . 
  i really , really do n't care what people call it . 
  do n't we have something else to whine about ? 
  still informative , but it does n't matter to me if you call it holland or the netherlands . 
  i 'm moving to britain when that happens . 
  getting sick of paying almost the most ( spread out on the citizens ) , but having very little influence . 
  and we just keep giving the eu more and more power , losing autonomy with it . 
  then what would be his plan ? 
  shooting the van with his pistol ? 
  what a joke . 
  i wanted to shoot myself when i read that denying people that where mental guns would violate their rights ... luckely i live in a country where guns ai n't that easy to get . 
  because they totally did this for their religion, 
  you mean jail ? 
  because jail does that to . 
  lol , ok . keep believing that from behind your pc . 
  easy to say when you do n't have to do it , is n't it ? 
  but but but us police state and and :( / s, 
  are you stupid ? 
  the end result for you personally is n't the same . 
  someone not listening to what you 're saying and throwing you in jail is kind of a big difference . 
  what makes you think it does n't add one euro extra ? 
  a burger alone could still be 9/5 euro 's . 
  [ yes they are ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7kreb1m.png ) . 
  only a slightly different shading . 
  so , why are they protesting ? 
  with a cape . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's a completely normal procedure . 
  then it still had to be moved . 
  it 's hard to sail with the boat when it 's anchored down . 
  it had to be lifted and moved . 
  which gym ? 
  gewoonfitness ( bezemer fitness now ) is completely on the other side of the bridge and seems fine to me . 
  no , we tried . 
  you started to pretend that the guy that challenged your viewpoints point by point was being offended . 
  you killed any discussion right there . 
  he is n't being offended , you 're just a complete asshole . 
  he is completely right an you just start whining like a little bitch that he 's wrong and offended . 
  ca n't remember the people currently in power being responsible for that . 
  that in your country it 's the norm to have the same man in power for 15 years does n't mean it 's the same everywhere else . 
  did n't you know that because 1 country did something , everyone can do it ? 
  they are excluded because there is no reason to include them . 
  there is no reason why russia should be involved and brazil ( for example ) should n't . 
  there are international rules on which countries get involved after such a disaster and russia is n't one of them . 
  that 's just completely wrong . 
  people do care . 
  and if they did n't , i do n't see how this show failure of government . 
  what a cute story . 
  we better not allow people to be free , because it could is inconvenient . 
  sounds like i 'm listening to a trail of tears supporter or something , `` keeping them civilised '' . 
  no , both of those things are still not happening . 
  do n't try to throw whole north africa on 1 big pile . 
  so not much different . 
   there was peace and stability you 're kidding yourself . 
  if there was peace and stability , there would n't be riots ( let alone a civil war ) in the first place . 
  he was sentenced to death for slaughtering people . 
  yes , fuck , for example , being able to travel . 
  you do know that many people where denied the right of free travel , right ? 
  after you topple a government thinks first turn shit , what did you expect ? 
  i 'm more then happy with gadaffi being overthrown . 
  of course the country would turn shit , that was gadaffi 's tactic to stay in power . 
  he made himself a spin in the web . 
  yes , because i decide when you can use my name . 
  it is totally impossible for information about me to appear on the net without me publishing it or giving direct permission to someone else to do it . 
  so that 's a yes . 
  sorry to hear you parent were n't able to perform an abortion . 
  yes . 
  it did n't say that those who commit those crimes were looking for a target , i said that the victims had it coming . 
  seriously , are you mentally retarded ? 
  that 's the only explanation i can find for you being to dumb to read . 
  this is not true . 
  you only show that you do n't know what 's going on in italy at the moment . 
  no , they wo n't have any of that . 
  there is absolutely no reason to assume that . 
  it 's already is inhospitable . 
  they already live in horrible conditions when they arrive . 
  also , what changes is that nothing changes . 
  so no , it would n't make any difference . 
  yes , because those crossing really cares about you wanting them or not . 
  no , you still are unable to source anything . 
  i give it up , you are just too full of crap . 
  yeah , what you said has no ground to stand on . 
  good job . 
  try it again . 
  yeah , i try to keep it to facts and do n't make up random stuff . 
  you should try it sometimes . 
  that 's a lot of crap . 
  this has absolutely no base whatsoever and it is n't the goal of this at all . 
  learn to read . 
  apparently you did n't understand what i was saying at all . 
  i said that these cartoons wo n't change anything for the people who would kill because of it and the only thing it accomplish is offending innocent people . 
  them being killed does n't change anything about my statement . 
  those people were only looking for the right target . 
  ca n't remember my neighbour wanting to kill me . 
  this does n't do jackshit to the ones you 're talking about and only exists to offend muslims for no reason . 
  not that i expected anything else from him . 
  why do you try to argue against the 2 most ridiculous options ? 
  no one specified a specific strategy . 
  you use tanks for 50 years . 
  if they only just started talking about maybe designing new ones , you can expect them to work until 2080 .
