  haha , you 're funny . 
  or sad . 
  probably the last . 
  how is it , believing that there was no co-operation in afghanistan and iraq ? 
  or that all those international training missions are fake ? 
  plus , no one cuts of our head on maps . 
  yes , because not speaking the same language is totally the problem in the eu . 
  i do n't even know how i 'm able to read any of the comments here !, 
  yes , defunding europol absolutely the way to let them change their tactics !, 
  so it 's to benefit the view on france and give france the control of the airspace ? 
  not like we need more to stand on standby . 
  not even that , it is n't decided on . 
  the european ministers and the european parliament have a completely different vision on this . 
  this is just the em 's saying to the ep that they do n't want it the way the ep wants it . 
  this is something that still has to be heavily discussed on . 
  yeah , the title is just complete shit . 
  the european ministers are something completely different then the european parliament , which still pushed for ending roaming costs . 
  just reclaiming what 's rightfully ours . 
  you can replace ireland with any western country . 
   we regularly let the us military use shannon airport , you ever heard of the concept of `` allies '' ? 
  maybe even nato ? 
   we treated obama like the pope when he visited still does n't make you a lapdog . 
  it 's just silly to assume that the us cares that much and would take action that would effect negatively on greece . 
  they 're not selling wmd to hamas . 
  sure buddy . 
  every country is of course a us lapdog . 
   threat to attack you misspelled something here . 
  it 's written `` threat to defend '' . 
  easy mistake to make . 
  they both have over a hundred nukes and you only need 1 . 
  the su did n't exist anymore and the us has interest in both countries . 
  india and pakistan were nuclear powers when then were at war last time . 
  they still seem to exist , so there 's that . 
  russia has a name for entering foreign airspace without permission . 
  russia has done this before in turkey and they were warned multiple times . 
  your point being ? 
  there are more things in the world than article 5 . 
  so giving the police force time to find you before you can strike . 
  is that really that hard to understand ? 
  thank god this has n't anything to do with being a police state . 
  and you 're not , do n't talk dumb shit like that from your keyboard . 
  it only makes it seem that those who did do n't do anything special and you would n't do that . 
  and than your daughter gets blown up when she goes to a diner and you still laugh of course !, 
  just like the 9/11 hijackers were refugees . 
  wait , what now ? 
  brussels is a white dot . 
  ludwig did n't do anything to help . 
  those who died actually died and those who fought fought . 
  you did n't do shit . 
  i would leave when that happens . 
  we are not the united states of europe , we 're a bunch of countries that want to work together to make international politics/economics/trade / travel easier . 
  i love my country when i need to and i think that europe will oppress the smaller countries ( and in some way already do that ) . 
  i do n't want to see that happen . 
  almost all the france meps that voted in favor where a party member of the ump . 
  do you maybe know why ? 
  do they oppose consumer rights or something ? 
  or are they just old ? 
  paid ? 
  and they 're all member of the ump . 
  edit : i see that there are some exceptions . 
  has anybody a source on who voted what ? 
  i tried votewatch.eu but i ai n't familiar with them and was n't able to find it there . 
  why not a lion somewhere ? 
  i really think that should be our animal . 
  it shows we 're old ( iirc died out in europe around 10.000 years ago ) , we can keep our patience , can fight on our one but are invincible when we work together . 
  but even tough we are that strong together , there is a fight for power between us ( en , fr , de ) . 
  even when tough we are ready to sacrifice ourself partly to help an other out . 
  but even tough we stand strong together , we are able to stand on our own and we do n't want to give that up . 
  and that 's why our animal should be the lion . 
  europe fuck yeah !, 
  edit : grammar issues, 
  ppnl = / = ppde . 
  ppnl is more a students club with good idea 's about internet rights , where ppde is way more profes, 
  for that combination , vvd should have to shrink . 
  but i we would turn the rolls of vvd ( 33-30 instead of 30-33 ) it still would be impossible . 
  that coalition would only have 68/150 seats . 
  do you remember belgium ? 
  pretty much like that . 
  the sp is our most left winged party , pvda is very left and the vvd is our most right winged party . 
  and in the polls , those 3 would get the most seats ( vvd : 33 , sp : 30 , pvda : 24 ) . 
  possibilities for a 3 party coalitions are ( source : maurice de hond ) : * vvd ( 33 ) + sp ( 30 ) + pvda ( 24 ) = 87 * vvd + sp + pvv ( 19 ) = 82 * vvd + sp + d66 ( 15 ) = 78 * vvd + pvda + pvv = 76 coalitions with the pvv are not going to happen . 
  i hope . 
  the pvv caused the government to fall . 
  vvd+cda+pvv was the only possible coalition with the pvv last time , and i do n't think the vvd and cda want to go with them anymore . 
  vvd and sp are the opposite of eachother . 
  they differ so much , that they would n't get an agreement . 
  or they would get a agreement but fall in a couple of months/years . 
  that would leave us with nothing . 
  i think that as long the vvd is the biggest party , nothing is going to happen . 
  i think that the best thing for our country at the moment is a coalition with the sp , pvda , d66 and groenlinks . 
  the problem is that they had 74 seats in the last poll , while 76 are required . 
  but this where only polls . 
  elections will be + / - 85 days , so it 's way to early to say what 's going to happen . 
  i hope that some of the vvd voters will go to d66/cda , so that sp will be the biggest party . 
  they use populair points . 
  they tell people that the aow-age ( money you get when you stop working ) would n't become higher than 65 , but will fight to the very keep it at 65 ( they lied ) . 
  they talk fear into people , and people give in . 
  they ( pvv ) say that they fight for the people , and we are naive enough to belief them . 
  take now for example . 
  the pvv were talking for 7 weeks about the government budgets , and they agreed with it .
