  the us ? 
  the netherlands ? 
  a lot of countries there are democratic at the moment ? 
  true . 
  but it makes it seem unusual , for the first time in 4 years no snow yet . 
  it snowed in december in 2009 , 2010 , 2011 and 2012 . 
  i ca n't find the data for pre-2009 . 
  i would say it became pretty unusual for no snow to fall . 
  regulating a protest is not the same as disallowing something . 
  they could hold it somewhere else . 
  i would n't want those `` people '' protesting in my backyard . 
  does n't say they ca n't protest for what they believe, 
  why is this even allowed in magdeburg if they 're so annoyed by it ? 
  jeej , esa can into space science . 
  we won !, 
  we won !, 
  it 's finally over !, 
  changes like that do n't happen in a couple years . 
  it 's way to early to say how it turns out for egypt and syria . 
  we will see in 50 years how things are going . 
  because putting them in massive debt would sure show them !, 
  what ? 
  going to rob a gas station again ? 
  here !, 
  now you need even more money !, 
  this is dumb and makes it only harder to reintegrate and stay out of criminal life . 
  it 's worse for the criminals that have finished the punishment we already gave them for their crime and worse for society . 
  and all to cash in 65 million eur . 
  that 's just plain retarded . 
  exactly what you can expect from teeven and opstelten . 
  why him and not willem the silent ? 
  he was the one who putted a little action in the eighty years ' war and marched into brussel . 
  or one of the geuzen ? 
  they helped our country a lot in the geuzenopstand . 
  michiel gave us our wealth , but willem gave us our country . 
  no they do n't . 
  a non-profit organisation has an experiment with this . 
  we already had multiple arguments about this on / r/worldnews , / r/europe and / r/netherlands . 
  did you even read the title of the post ? 
  i feel kinda proud . 
  he was n't arguing with that point . 
  i thought that the test on the site was some sort of joke and not the real test . 
  i literally do n't have any reason to believe this . 
  yeah , stop protection of prostitutes like did in utrecht where they closed down their red light district when there was evidence of human trafficking !, 
  exept it is under government control . 
  only now you can say no to it . 
  a very important issue . 
  there litterely is n't any reason for the government to do it , there already is a lot of software that does this a lot better . 
  so like the firewall in your pc already exists for at least a decade , but build by the government and under their control ? 
  the most important law in our country is anti-hate speech . 
  still going as strong as always . 
  last night we went over 25 million . 
  according to rtl nieuws the austrians are the only others doing it on such a scale . 
  so why again did people want to see obama 's birth certificate ? 
  i was n't being serious . 
  but i do n't see how the world being round would effect this . 
  if eurasia and north america would move away from each other at the atlantic ocean , would n't they get closer to each other at the pacific ocean ? 
  both the eurasian eastern border and the north american western border need to go somewhere . 
  we would take over western germany and belgium with our houseboats . 
  it 's seems completely possible to me that we would just redirect the water in such a way that we would stay safe . 
  after that we would march into denmark , germany and belgium to take over the floaded area 's . 
  does n't that mean we also get closer to the eastern border of the us ? 
  he does n't . 
  but now we are talking about this instead of gay rights in russia . 
  ca n't use a fries to represent the country . 
  no they 're not . 
  `` immigrants are killing the country , let 's slaughter 70 norwegians to solve that ! '' . 
  i miss the logic in that being understandable . 
  so he did n't say journalism = terrorism . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  and they would have been used as hostages ( the main objective for battle for the hague was taking them hostage ) . 
  and they would n't be able to rule the london cabinets ( the government in exile ) . 
  and they would n't be able to stop de geer from accepting to collaborate with the germans . 
  and they would n't be able voice on radio oranje . 
  now they could be heard on the radio , openly supporting the allies and the resistance . 
  i think that 's more important than being locked up in some castle and not being able to truly do something . 
  true . 
  but you have an extra controlling power that would make abuse of power on making decisions that ai n't in your countries interest ( not talking about `` they do n't create enough jobs !, 
  '' , talking about `` they want us to surrender and work with the enemy ! ), 
  harder . 
  collaborating with the germans would have only benefited the germans and hurt the resistance . 
  instead of a voice that said `` we should work with the germans ! '', 
  we had a voice that said `` we should hang in there , even though times are difficult . 
  we will win . 
  and how would them being dead solve anything ? 
  now they supported our interest in the war effort and were able to command our military . 
  and do n't forget radio oranje . 
  it was one of the most important things people had in that time . 
  you mean `` that 's why they 're so good '' ,, 
  it was helpful in wwii , when our pm wanted peace talks with germany after our occupation . 
  after the french occupation , the french marshal philippe p\u00e9tain ( and his new regime ) started to collaborate with the germans . 
  our pm de geer also got an invitation to talks with the germans about collaboration , but queen wilhelmina did n't want that . 
  the dutch navy was an important asset to the royal navy , plus we still had control of the dutch east indies . 
  the germans forces france to give up indochina , and we assumed that they would force us to do the same with dei . 
  wilhelmina fired de geer and selected a new pm ( gerbrandy ) who did n't want to collaborate with the germans and who wanted to fight for the people . 
  like i say about our monarchy . 
  they are not here for us in time of peace , they here for us in time of crisis and war . 
  them not being choose is what makes them perfect for the job . 
  sometimes there is n't time or space for politics . 
  i liked the other idea better .
