  when again did we promise to provide humanitarian aid ? 
  when the belgium government just could n't be formed a couple years ago , the dutch were massively in favour for flanders joining us . 
  our pm even said that he does n't oppose it and that the ball is on belgium ground . 
  do n't know what flanders thought about it . 
  joining a country is really complex . 
  that 's why he said `` the dutch union '', 
   nobody notes `` names 2 of the most well known facts about hitler before ww2 '', 
  not cutting costs for once is even nice at the moment . 
  hahaha ! . . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  the german chart seems to confirm that this has a big influence . 
  of the 30k that left 10k went to austria . 
  the uk is second with only 5k and the netherlands third with 2k . 
  of the 10k that left 4k went to belgium ? 
  looks like we have to reinstate the borders of 1815 . 
  makes sense a lot of people move to germany ( 3k ) . 
  costs of living are in certain area 's a lot cheaper and sometimes financing just makes more sense . 
  i certainly would n't have a issue with moving to germany . 
  how can you compare an entire country to just a city ? 
  once again , the mighty dutch empire defeats his barbaric nordic foes . 
  nowadays it 's more that he services us , not the other way around . 
  he swore to protect the constitution and the rights the citizens of the netherlands . 
  by crowning him it would seem that he would be our ruler instead of out protector . 
  this was according to the commentary at the crowning . 
  and the previous one , and the eu parliament , and other countries coalitions , and ... 
  i 'm in no way right orientated . 
  joop.nl is simply an untrustworthy , biased source . 
  almost , that would be `` jood '' . 
  joop is a common dutch male name . 
  it 's only a very , very left orientated , anti-governmentish , doom thinking website and i see it as untrustworthy . 
  `` about 6.8 percent of women surveyed said they were assaulted and 1.2 percent of the men , '' please read your own sources . 
  in other news : there are more murders in america then in monaco . 
  we have 4 subs . 
  i think you would be looking very hard finding enough females for just 1 sub . 
  you 're blind . 
  just compare how male-male abuse happens to male-female . 
  if you think it 's both as big a problem your delusional and should go back to / r/mensrights and this is why the military does n't allow females on the sub . 
  my personal opinion and were in from is irrelevant . 
  no one gets support when in a submarine . 
  that 's the entire problem . 
  you can have an entire support staff and have a helicopter pick the victim/suspect of . 
  you also do n't have enough people to just put both parties in different workgroups . 
  male-male abuse does occur and it 's almost impossible to stop . 
  we do need people working on subs and we do anything we can to guarantee the safety of the crew . 
  we ca n't do it 100 % , but try the best we can . 
  as i said , you are only able to apply for a submarine job when you already worked in the navy . 
  that 's to ensure your safety and those of who your work with . 
  people who we know we can trust get those jobs . 
  abuse is still a issue and obviously male-female is a much bigger issue then male-male abuse . 
  you are making it seem that i say that men ca n't trusted . 
  this is not true . 
  you ca n't trust them all , you ca n't not trust them all . 
  it 's the same with females . 
  you 're trying to frame me as a sexist against men . 
  this is not the case . 
  and it 's not rape , it 's intimidation in general . 
  this is an issue in every branch , but as i explained already , it 's very had to control it on a sub . 
  that 's why we are trying to limit to odds . 
  so sorry ladies , you can only to every function that there is , except this one . 
  what ? 
  i do n't get what makes you mad . 
  we ca n't guarantee their safety and support when something goes wrong , so we decided to not let them be outnumbered 1:60 in a 300 feet can that 's under water for weeks . 
  but your right . 
  who cares about the safety of their soldiers ? 
  dangers of rape and sexual intimidation . 
  the military is and always will be a mans world . 
  in a submarine you could be under water for weeks , unable to get someone to land easily . 
  mix that with 55 guys and maybe 5 females and you could get a dangers mix for the females . 
  you need only 1 guy who does n't contains himself . 
  and since it 's a sub there is less support staff the victim could go to to get help and it would be a lot harder to get the victim/suspect of board . 
  it 's not like we have a shortage of submarine workers , so we do n't want to take that risk . 
  also know that you ca n't go to our subs directly . 
  you have to join the navy in an other function and from there you have to apply internally for a position . 
  we do n't have conscription ( the netherlands ) . 
  however , ever 17 year old ( or maybe even 16 ) gets a letter that they are on the conscription list , you just do n't have to show up to serve . 
  this means that when we get attacked you can be forced to serve , but only after some big law changes . 
  our military is fairly gender neutral . 
  iirc woman need to meet the same requirements as men . 
  the biggest difference is that woman ai n't allowed to serve on submarines , but that 's for their own safety . 
  you assume you get paid as much for the same job . 
  this is wrong . 
  and once again , the mighty dutch empire defeats the finish foes . 
  that 's just completely the opposite of what 's happening . 
  you can be a lot more for 1 dollar in poland then in finland , yet i would n't call poland more developed . 
  then why change it ? 
  it reflects out history , our fight for independence and what out believers were . 
  come on , it 's just a stickied post for 1 day . 
  it 's not like the mods killed your mother or something . 
  you guys have nothing better to do then complain about it ? 
  even / r/askreddit is able to be positive about it . 
  but ooh no , now i have to look at the 10th post to see the what happened in ... post , just like it was before stickied posts . 
  or i wait a day and it 's stickied again . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  alright , you 're free to go this time !, 
  secret laws ? 
  i think you misread `` dutch '' as `` chinese '' or something . 
  you do otherwise have proof that we actually have secret laws ? 
  that was 1 `` newspaper '' . 
  that 's how the prices are , so that 's correct . 
  we have a very good public transport system and cabs are a form of luxury travel few will every use .
