  let the new elections decide what happens . 
  stupid to make this assumption . 
  you do n't have to create my opinion , i 'm perfectly capable to make one myself . 
  they have no reason to comply . 
  their signature is n't on the agreement . 
  they wanted him to go , that 's it . 
  there was an agreement that did n't make him leave , so they should go on with protesting . 
  edit : and , as far as i know , all the actions being performed are through voting in parliament . 
  that does n't seem like a coup . 
  i see your point , but the protesters on the street always demanded his resignation . 
  i see why they would n't comply with the agreement between the opposition and peoples party . 
  yes , it is . 
  it 's kinda ironic , since his username is `` i respect your feelings '' . 
  i though you were overreacting , but this guy is nuts !, 
  i think he searches his was to this place since his original habitat , / r/nigers , got banned . 
  almost all his post are a til about how black people murdered/raped/committed crimes . 
  this article is from almost 2 weeks ago . 
  since then she gained a lot support in the muslim community and the `` marokkaanse vrouwen vereniging nederland '' ( moroccan woman group , netherlands ) participated in organizing a protest drinking night . 
  it is a no go on the job , but i imagine that when you see your fellow countrymen suffer the situation changes . 
  let 's hope for all those who are involved that this will be the begin of the end . 
  i think the opposite . 
  i was watching the live feed a couple hours ago , and the situation seemed to be okay . 
  there was n't really a good post on / r/europe to comment with this observation and discuss it . 
  how exactly is them doing it before proof they do it now ? 
  `` that eu is ready to send troops in there to support the bosnian government '' do you have any source of this ? 
  there are still troops maintaining trying to maintain peace and austria wanted to send ( did send ) a couple dozen extra troops just-in-case . 
  i 'm not familiar with the mission , so i do n't know if they would support the government or not . 
  hahaha !!!, 
  sure buddy . 
  please go back to / r/conspiracy . 
  you really believe that the cia had to step in to make a protest that was peaceful for 3-4 months violent ? 
  maybe shoot at the people that shoot at them , instead of other protesters ? 
   the ioc is telling olympic athletes they may not wear armbands or stickers during competition to commemorate the dead . 
   the olympic body said monday it sent a letter to norwegian olympic officials after four female cross-country wore black armbands in memory of an athlete 's brother who died on the eve of the games . '', 
  from [ abc ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/sports/wirestory/ioc-reprimands-athletes-commemorating-dead-22438181 ) the ioc are just a bunch of retards . 
  just like this is the first year woman ski jumping is allowed and stated in the past that ski jumping is bad for the female body ( this was n't in 1955 , but 2005 ) . 
  this is n't to show support for anyone , this is to show grieve . 
   the ioc is telling olympic athletes they may not wear armbands or stickers during competition to commemorate the dead . 
   the olympic body said monday it sent a letter to norwegian olympic officials after four female cross-country wore black armbands in memory of an athlete 's brother who died on the eve of the games . '', 
  from [ abc ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/sports/wirestory/ioc-reprimands-athletes-commemorating-dead-22438181 ) the ioc are just a bunch of retards . 
  just like this is the first year woman ski jumping is allowed and stated in the past that ski jumping is bad for the female body ( this was n't in 1955 , but 2005 ) . 
  this is n't to show support for anyone , this is to show grieve . 
  market price does n't mean anything . 
  depending on where you 're going to import the car to you need to pay import taxes ( eu free market does n't stop this ) , license plate transfer , inspection fees , ... 
  the site of the local car magazine/blog probably has an article on it . 
  otherwise , try the site of the infrastructure department ( or comparable department ) . 
  read up on the laws you 're from . 
  ask in your country sub . 
  it depends 100 % on where you from . 
  and why do you think it 's cheaper ? 
  market price does n't mean anything at all when importing a car . 
  hitting your kids stops you from calling school when you disagree with the punishment . 
  did n't you know ? 
  i do n't see why that would happen any time soon . 
  trains still have drivers and they follow the only possible pad . 
  i would add the anti-europe politics . 
  not wanting to change the way the eu works , but actually thinking that stopping completely with it would benefit us . 
  that cheaper part is very bad for the economy . 
  when you buy a house for 400k , and it 's only worth 300k 10 years later , that 's bad . 
  shit article . 
  the olympic team is n't doing anything , it 's the olympic ice-skating team sponsor , corendon . 
  and it is n't `` for protesters '' going to sochi . 
  it 's to lose the last available seats . 
  there ai n't a lot of dutch people going as a result of negative press , so they have a huge discount at the moment . 
  the only thing that was said in the interview was : `` they can go with corendon to sotsji to protest , i 'll give them a special discount . 
  my sister wears a pink skirt to protest . 
  sotsji used to be the place in russia where the gay scene was big . 
  now only 1 place is left , thanks to those russians politics '' . 
  it 's a reference to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kc_rd7-bf0 ) clip from zoolander . 
  i was talking about countries other that ukraine . 
  no , nazi 's should n't be allowed . 
  the difference is that the one thinks that there are humans who are literately less worthy and should be killed and prosecuted for that , where the other does n't . 
  they do n't have any right to ban a party where is democratically voted for . 
  that 's just pretending to be a democratic country . 
  `` we 're democratic , as long as you have the same believe '' . 
  the por is in not a single way comparable to the nazi 's , so no . 
  they 're not comparable . 
  and i do n't see how this has anything to do with communism , since the por is n't a communist party . 
  even if they were , communism is and should be allowed . 
  you would be prosecuted for spreading hate and promoting genocide . 
  do you have any source on non-nazi ( or even nazi ) parties being declared illegal and there members being prosecuted ? 
  i could n't find any example of either of them in europe . 
  and this is a completely different situation that is n't in any way comparable . 
  oppression of freedom of speech . 
  it 's one thing to demand their resignation . 
  it 's an other thing to prosecute them if they do n't . 
  ** opposition says they 've discovered spent cartridges on roof of ukrainian house ** 11:14 a.m. , jan. 26 -- the militants who have taken control of ukrainian house , a state owned exhibition hall , say that they discovered spent cartridges on the roof . 
  they are alleging that police who occupied the building until this morning might have used the rooftop to shoot on demonstrators on jan. 22 , a day when at least three protesters were killed by gunfire . 
  police , however , deny they are armed with live ammunition . 
  a news report purportedly showing the cartridges can be found here . 
  -- christopher j. miller from the kyivpost . 
  do you have a source or something of that ? 
  this is the first time i heard about it . 
  those city councils are taken over by protesters . 
  i assume that the councils are ruled by the party of regions ( the party currently in power ) , since the protesters resorted to power ( breaking windows and doors ) to get into the buildings . 
  however , lviv , ruled by the part of regions , seems to be pro-protesters . 
  it 's in that city that 4 officers has reassigned , the police top announced to not retake the buildings taken over by the protesters and the mayor stated that he would not reinforce laws that went against the constitution and common sense . 
  as he said : * `` and to wrap it up , none of the laws that violate the constitution of ukraine and common sense will ever apply on the territory of lviv city . 
  good health to everyone . 
  glory to ukraine !,
