  but when you move from germany to canada for the rest of your live and do n't want to go back , you should n't vote . 
  yes , unless you 're planning on going back in the next few years . 
  you made the decision to no longer be part of that countries politics and laws , so you should n't have a say in it anymore . 
  when did islamic extremist threaten the theme park ? 
  do you have any grounds for that claim ? 
  it was n't russian in the first place , it was russian before it was ukraine . 
  and before that it was tartars and before that ... 
  it 's part of ukraine for 60 years , the people who remembered it being a part of russia are at least 70 + . 
  i get your point , but like i said : it 's way more complicated . 
  if so many germans where born in and migrated to poland that 60 % of the polish population would be germans , would it be fair that the germans in poland decided that poland would become a part of germany ? 
  this issue is a lot more complicated then `` a lot of people want it '' , especially now russian forces are on ukraine ground . 
  but it are the muslims who are obviously the bad guys , since they came to ruin the country . 
  because just the idea of losing our autonomy made me throw up a bit . 
  we are completely different countries with national laws that are to different to simply make us one . 
  take for example the prostitution laws . 
  here it 's completely legal , in other counties you and the prostitute would go to jail for a long time . 
  and then we did n't even talk about the differences in corruption , pressfreedom , different believes in local ruling ( which is way more then just left/right ) , ... 
  but why would you make this map ? 
  it makes sense that there already would be maps with , like , names on them ... 
  do n't even bother . 
  i 'm not sure if stormfront is leaking or if / r/europe is way more racist then i alway thought . 
  go back to stormfront . 
  edit : whoa , racism in the making . 
  and here i was thinking that the racism problem on / r/europe was greatly exaggerated . 
  you did n't answer his question . 
  yeah , i noticed . 
  but i ai n't really annoyed by it . 
  as far as i see only sudan and libya are wrong at the moment . 
   so all the nato countries joined the invasion of iraq voluntarily ? 
  you 're factual wrong . 
  a lot of nato countries did n't join in the iraq war . 
  in the initial invasion were only us , uk , australia and peshmarga forces . 
  germany and france never did joint the iraq war . 
  the iraq action never was a nato action . 
  i 'm not familiar enough with the serbia situation to go deeper into it . 
  i meant the world map on the background of the twitter list , but i got it just by selecting it . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  interfax is a non-state owned russian news agency from moscow . 
  thanks . 
  and can you post that wallpaper ? 
  iraq was n't a nato action and the bombing in the kosovo war ( i think you mean that with invasion of serbia , which was n't an invasion ) happened after diplomacy failed.to quote the then-un secretary general about the bombing : `` it is indeed tragic that diplomacy has failed , but there are times when the use of force is legitimate in the pursuit of peace . '', 
  when did nato do that ? 
  not really . 
  it were the us , uk and russia that signed the treaty that they would help protecting ukraine ground against foreign forces if they gave up their nuclear arsenal . 
  plus that the us is a single , mayor power . 
  the eu is not . 
  we could n't even agree on interfering in libya or use the european battlegroup . 
  not really . 
  it was only a couple days ago that the new president was out in charge . 
  and there would be a referendum about leaving ukraine . 
  and would have a referendum about their independence ? 
  there is no reason for the russian invasion . 
  there already where measurements being places to make it possible to separate from ukraine . 
  what ? 
  if they get a russian passport , they become russian citizen . 
  and russia protects their citizens everywhere , so it would be easier to justify a military invasion if ukraine would go after the berkut . 
  and let the protests start again ? 
  they wanted him to leave office , that the opposition was n't able to make him agree on that points does n't matter shit . 
  the protesters had no reason to comply to the agreement . 
  why did he go into the military if he was n't prepared to die for the job ? 
  i do n't see the correlation between being poor and eating shitty food . 
  there 's cheap food that 's healthy and unhealthy , just like there 's expensive food that 's healthy and unhealthy . 
  the netherlands already have laws on this matter . 
  what would it mean for us ? 
  no , there is n't a need for this . 
  that it 's possible does n't mean it needs to happen . 
  the differences between countries range from completely legal with unions to criminalised for both buyer as seller . 
  the differences between countries is to big to justify it . 
  there is no reason to regulate this on a european level . 
  does n't mean it is n't ugly . 
  it just seems very out of place . 
  i like the hague and amsterdam a lot more . 
  he did n't say he was going to do it . 
  he did n't say that he 's going to do that right now . 
  he is stating his opinion . 
  it 's possible that more then 2 things are barbaric . 
  i do n't see anyone saying that burning flags is as barbaric as cutting of hands . 
  `` barbaric '' is n't a set measure point . 
  it is . 
  people do n't burn flags because they burn good , but because it 's meant as one of the biggest insult of the country the flag refers to . 
  how is this not democratic ? 
  and why did they do this ? 
  this is n't really about thinking . 
  it has been proven in the past . 
  you have 2 examples , both after wwii . 
  but how many countries where there in the 1800 's where there freedom just happened ? 
  i think it 's naive to believe this . 
  it can happen , but 3-4 months of peaceful protesting did n't do anything . 
  it only made the ruler impost more stricter laws . 
  and in 2 weeks of violence the protesters gained more then they could ever hoped for in the months prior to this . 
  edit : i reread my comment and i see that it could be implied that i tried to be offensive . 
  let 's be clear in that : that 's not were i 'm going for . 
  the fra is n't fighting with al-qaida , you 're bad informed . 
  there is not only a war going on between assad vs non-assad , but also between non-assad . 
  one of the extremist organisations stated that they would be at war with those who oppose their views . 
  this caused them to go to war against the other extremist organisation . 
  and fighting against freedom because people would get hurt is , in my opinion , stupid . 
  if a country is free , it means hundreds of thousands had died in the past . 
  it comes at a price . 
  and he 's removed from his power in a vote in parliament .
