  put the king on 2e , queen on 1e , rembrand on 50c , van gogh on 20c , leeuwenhoek on 10c and willem van oranje on 5c . 
  the eu has rulled bpm illegal when lobby groups went to court over it . 
  nothing ever happened afterwards . 
  emergency traffic and taxi 's also go over the busstroke . 
  not for you . 
  let 's be real here . 
  we are talking about the netherlands . 
  not listening to an international power ? 
  his wife was driving drunk and hittig cars so the police went to his place . 
  the neighbours reported the child abuse . 
  better safe then sorry , so the police took the diplomat in custody for 1 night to figure out wtf is going on . 
  not just children . 
  everyone has freedom of body and have the right to be in a safe environment . 
  you should n't be allowed to hurt anyone , whatever your name of function is . 
  would love to dive there some day . 
  seem like a beautiful place . 
  how could we ? 
  you guys are like our pants , and no one wants to wear pants when at home . 
  exept that this does n't change the public opinion on gay people . 
  because we could list every single country in the world if your point was n't that it happens quite often in the netherlands . 
  compared to the 80-90 .000 burglary 's every year , that 's nothing . 
  also , the police ai n't very clear with what they mean . 
  i would say becoming victim of the `` babbeltruc '' should n't be added to the numbers you provided . 
  how do the police define a woningoverval ? 
  not true . 
  i think you are in the wrong post ? 
  we did n't really know about the death camps after the war was going of for years . 
  so no , i do n't think that . 
  genocide should n't be a requierement . 
  think about the war in malta , afghanistan or somalia . 
  he is a known troll . 
  do n't take him seriously . 
  why ? 
  i love our monarchy . 
  it 's something we always can get behind , since there is no political ideolgy involved . 
  it 's very important for us in times of crisis . 
  plus i see our king as a last guardian of democracy . 
  he is the guy that needs to sign the laws . 
  it 's not like he really has a choice . 
  implying it is useful on a worldwide scale . 
  i 've the opposite experience . 
  here there are only those smaller curtains on the sides of the windows . 
  i believe that if i had n't free public transport it almost would be cheaper to buy a cheap car , insure it on my fathers name ( < 21y would be 100e ,  21y for the same car would be 35e a month ) , pay roadtax and pay fuel . 
  for long term (  4 year ) that is . 
  plus the many benefits of a car . 
  sometimes i go in my raincoat to school because it 's that windy my regular clothes do n't work anymore . 
  to be fair , our cows look damn good . 
  it 's empty there . 
  most people live in the west-middle/north ( the randstad ) . 
  some things that need to be done are horrible . 
  trying to fight a group of people that can do nothing more than commit crimes will sound horrible . 
  i like amstel more then grolsch . 
  and do n't forget brand as good , quality beer . 
  my hangovers get much worse after drinking grolsch . 
  it 's meh . 
  there are a couple good series that i would like to watch , but there are a lot of seasons missing . 
  sons of anarchy ( iirc ) is missing the last 2 season for example . 
  as someone who likes to look at the sky at night , i have to agree . 
  i was in egypta a couple weeks ago and after a diving trip and night , the moon was the brightest object you could see from the upper deck . 
  it was mind blowing . 
  1,5 l/week on average per person ? 
  that seems like a lot . 
  for 18-26 i would expect that , but for 40 + ? 
  the numbers seem to be high . 
  but that 's just my perception . 
  just wait till march . 
  nope . 
  just go to your countries/eu sub when you need to take a break after implying guns do n't work for lower crime rates . 
  dutch here . 
  this makes me happy . 
  i do n't really like the idea of being a grand duchy . 
  what about you guys getting a part of wallonia i just conquered by paint and becoming a super province , with a sub-monarch ? 
  i just wanted to give wallonia some sea , in exchange for land . 
  ca n't have to much french on the border . 
  yes , we 're also going to take a bit of germany . 
  and luxembourg would be the new limburg . 
  being a part of the greater netherlands , but secretly wanting to be with france . 
  no , you 're right . 
  i woud love to see the flemish and luxemburg join us in a kingdom . 
  this is n't about lgbt rights , this is only about same-sex marriage . 
  that 's a lgbt right , not all . 
  it 's not like it 's some holy grail and everything is good when that 's archieved . 
  well , that 's old news . 
  we used to teach fr/de in primary school ? 
  when did that happen ? 
  i went to primary 10 years ago and never had or heard about fr/de classes . 
  our pp took part in `` troll the nsa '' , with countdown and everything ... 
  nestle no scandals ? 
  just google `` nestle baby milk scandal '' and see the horror . 
  na , it 's just you . 
  and i ( and he ) just said he is n't blaming the us . 
  as far ad i thought he was blaming the denish news outlets . 
  how is that relevent ? 
  it 's about attack done by the us from german bases , not us bases . 
  he 's not . 
  why do you even post this ? 
  he clearified his intentions already . 
  it was glorious . 
  what happened to your flag ? 
  was n't that the joke ?
