  and utrecht closed down the area after reports of human trade , which just makes sense to me . 
  it 's not . 
  no one celebrates anything . 
  it 's just another day . 
  talking about getting old cows out of the sloot, 
  the dowvote button is n't a disagree button !, 
  even if you ( partly ) disagree with his stance , he makes valid arguments that are interesting for the discussion . 
  if anything , his post should be upvoted . 
  it 's good content . 
  i must they that i have n't seen any advertising at all . 
  i only know about the upcoming elections thanks to this sub and personal interest . 
  you can grow ( for personal use only ? ), 
  up to 5 plants per household . 
  no one asks how the shops get their drugs . 
  fun fact : if a shop owner transports drugs to their own shop and get caught , you lose your load and can get fined . 
  this is because you are only allowed to carry 5 grams . 
  i was kidding , it 's not a fun fact . 
  it 's stupid . 
  since 2013 ( 14 ? ), 
  some states have completely legalized marijuana . 
  not only for medical use . 
  he knows . 
  except that coffee shops ca n't produce or buy it legally in the netherlands . 
  and it 's still illegal , but decriminalized . 
  where it 's in a couple states just legal . 
  read op comment/submission history and laugh . 
  there is no reason to believe this propaganda . 
  or the ones who decided to make a career out of possibly dying for a cause you do n't agree with . 
  not some 20 y.o whose dad decided to do his job . 
  look at any post in the first days of the crimea crisis , then scroll down . 
  a lot of people only used rt as source . 
  hur dur , see how funny i am by completely ignoring his argument and saying that he is anti-us in a funny way . 
  [ found ] ( http://ideas.repec.org/p/iza/izadps/dp5423.html ) my source . 
  we see the trent that people work less and less , while productivity seems to stay the same . 
  i do n't see why this would be different for part time work . 
  do n't forget that this is from the age of 15 . 
  we 've around the 600.000 between the 15 and 21 year olds . 
  that 's around 3,5 % of the population . 
  according to the cbs 1/3th of the 16 y.o. 
  and 77 % of the 18 y.o. 
  make this 75 % on average in the 15-21 y.o. 
  bracket . 
  here you have 2,7 % of the population working part time jobs . 
  we have 7 miljon working people in the netherlands ( cbs , 2013 ) . 
  making 6,5 % of the working population youth that propably have a parttime job . 
  it does n't explain everything ofcourse , but that 's still a pretty big chunck . 
  i do n't have the sources at hand , but i thought the opposite was true . 
  you do n't work that much , so better get something done while your there . 
  whoa . 
  i now we worked a lot part-time , but did n't realize it was so much more then the other european countries . 
  would n't it still show up as [ deleted ] ? 
  i 'll just asssume you replied to the wrong guy . 
  you know i can read your comment history , right ? 
  what you say simply is n't true . 
  why did n't you make a thread yourself ? 
  supporting terrorism lol, 
  it only seems to be dark , but it is n't . 
  i live between the 4 big cities and when standing in the polder you would think that there are sun rises all around . 
  never mind that the roads you post are through a living space . 
  a couple years ago it was a 4 lane road . 
  there where 2 option on the table to fight traffic : - higher speed limit - more lanes with the people living at the road and local governments was decided that more lanes would be build , while keeping ( or even lowering ) the speed limit . 
  the government broke their own promises and said fuck it , let 's make it a 100km road anyway !!, 
  that the speed limit is back to 80 , like was promised , was done after a court order . 
  true , but a gun is n't a self defense weapon . 
  it 's a murder weapon . 
  you ca n't shoot to not kill . 
  just look at the incident last year with the police officer on amsterdam centraal . 
  a trained officer that was in a situation that was less stressful than the store owner accidentally killed the kid . 
  i spotted the fake italian !, 
  and what if we separate part time and full time in the stats ? 
  it seems that almost everyone that is n't jobless by force has at least a part time job . 
  from the 14 y.o. 
  kid next door to the house mom with 4 kids . 
  it 's about how loud people actually talk . 
  never heard about us being loud/deafening either . 
  yes , that 's what they said . 
  then it still would be uncommon . 
  between prussia and france during the franco-prussian war . 
  there are phones that do n't do that ? 
  i only had issues when traveling outside of europe . 
  4th i thought ? 
  one in the hague , one in almere and 2 in the national party . 
  it was reported that he rephrased it ( you would n't know if it was n't ) . 
  and it does n't mean jackshit that he rephrased himself . 
  it only means that he did n't expect such a hugh backslash . 
  `` i 've said nothing wrong , only what a lot of people think . 
  we get a smaller moroccan community through limiting the migration from muslim countries like morocco , let them migrate back ( on free basis ) and deport the criminals with a double nationality ... 
  does n't sounds like a big rephrasing to me . 
  i can only hope that this incident will end the fight against peace , propagandizing hate speech and race/religious tension he creates in our country . 
  no he does n't . 
  if he wanted a nuanced discussion he would never create such chants . 
  yes . 
  that 's why he was put on trial in 2011 and the om in the hague is collecting all the charges people filed against him to see if he can be prosecuted again . 
  valid points are useless if you do n't come with a better solution . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i said . 
  you 're very good at reading . 
  different wars , different situations . 
  that 's why i said `` unless you 're going back in the next few years '' . 
  especially if you left because you where prosecuted for being homosexual or something . 
  it 's a bit of a grey area .
