  boooo !, 
  and your employee is legally obliged to give you a short time off ( with pay ) if you are unable to vote thanks to your working hours . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://www.businessweek.com/globalbiz/content/aug2009/gb20090818_398605.htm ), 
  no one is taking about rebellious teens . 
  it 's silly to dislike something because of their fanbase . 
  - says every western nation ever, 
  how strong is the `` border '' feeling ? 
  do you identify more as a certain tribe/village / ... or more as citizen of a certain country ? 
  i would assume ( and could be wrong ) that you first would identify yourself as a certain direction in the islam . 
  if that 's true , how is the relation between the muslims of a certain direction in different countries ? 
  say you are a sunni and someone in the next town is a shiite . 
  would you relate more to the shiite in the next town or to a sunni is a different country ? 
  no , you are being naive . 
  we ca n't suddenly safe the world . 
  this may sound like an exaggeration , but since 1985 over 240 people died in school shootings ( going by the wikipedia list ) . 
  have to say that this ai n't all children , but also teachers and the like . 
  not everyone lives in latvia . 
  parents knowing that their children are not safe at school has minimal impact on society ? 
  southern provinces used to have problems with flooding until a couple years ago ( with another river ) , but we were able to build better dykes and have created areas that we flood on purpose when the rivers get to high . 
  noord-holland/zuid-holland . 
  the only time i 've seen an ambulance be refered to as a ziekenwagen is when it 's meant childish . 
  never head anyone call it a `` ziekenwagen '' . 
  sounds like something a 5 y.o. 
  would call it . 
  google also only has 100.000 results for `` ziekenwagen '' . 
   in another display of their dictatorial tendencies , all right , i 'm really take you seriously . 
  you seem like a completely reasonable person that i love to have a debate with . 
  it 's not necessarily it being a template , it 's being a template that could be writing by a random weirdo on / r/conspiracy . 
  it 's an empty template that wastes everyones time and does n't say anything . 
  no , absolutely no change . 
  the parliament is against it . 
  you should n't mail an automated response at all , let alone such a shitty one . 
  just use a bit of effort to make your own . 
  * oil found near gatwick ? 
  better use a photo of kate during the olympics with that !, 
   uk and us do n't seem to partake in this lol , this is a joke right ? 
  a couple years ago the us government released 5 taliban fighters in exchange for 1 american prisoner . 
  because cockpits that do n't have this yet are really small and a toilet would limit space even more . 
  that while it 's only used for a couple minutes on some flights . 
  true , but i would assume that the brakes on a leopard tank would be much , much bigger then those on a f18 . 
  and the approach speed of a f18 is 240 km/h ( 130 knots ) , while the maximum speed of a leopard off/on road is 45/70kmh ( 25/38 knots ) . 
  a cable could certainly help the tank to come to a stop . 
  cables also stop f18 's who are making carrierlandings , it would be possible for a cable to assist the tank in braking . 
  this is really old and fake . 
  it was made as a joke . 
  do n't see belgium , luxembourg , austria and ireland in the top . 
  the top countries are either later with the development and immediately went for the newest technology available ( fiber instead of coper ) or are an it hub ( sweden the exception ) . 
  you can also just admit that you where being retarded and do n't really have anything to say . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  paying less money is something else then paying the same amount of money . 
  you said :  i have n't had to pay as much for the bbc . 
  do n't pretend that you meant something else . 
  what is it ? 
  being more content with the money spent and paying less are completely different things . 
  nah , it 's mostly / r/topgear that likes him . 
  they are ridiculously defensive about it . 
  even saying stuff like that it was n't his fault that he punched the producer , since you can get very aggressive when you 're hungry . 
  and the petition was even started before any information about why he was suspended came out . 
  over here it 's reported that they sent 15-20 % of the budget on fuel for emergency services to their own bank accounts . 
  yes , you just discovered what we call a joke . 
  it was really , really obvious . 
  it 's part of his `` old-man-that-doesn ` t-understand-new-tech '' personality . 
  what makes you believe that ? 
  did you suddenly pay less tv tax last couple years as a direct result of the tg success ? 
  because it would be a different ip . 
  since when is punching someone free speech ? 
  i know a lot of people took `` free speech '' very far , but this is the first time i see someone justifying violence on the work floor as `` free speech '' . 
  i take it that you do n't read his columns , interviews he gives and watch top gear ? 
  otherwise you would n't hold the believe that he hates electric cars . 
  he supports electric cars , but the limitations they have does n't make them suitable as replacement for him . 
  that 's why he loved the i8 . 
  yes it can . 
  it could simply be replaced by an other car show . 
  no , this is simply not the case . 
  in which is clarkson absent ? 
  most of the time it 's either james or richard that is n't featured . 
  believe what ? 
  that no decision has been made or that he is sacked ? 
  no one but the telegraph reported about clarkson being sacked , others use the telegraph as source . 
  there is no information whatsoever on the subject from the bbc . 
  a couple hours later : ** [ bbc insists no decision has been made about jeremy clarkson amid reports he 's been sacked ] ( https://uk.news.yahoo.com/bbc-insists-no-decision-made-232643390.html#wuhsoff ) ** edit : [ ** confirmed by the bbc ** ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-32052736 ) link to investigation findings ( 1 page , pdf warning ) : [ click ] ( http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/mediacentre/investigation-summary.pdf ) from the findings :  * the physical attack lasted around 30 seconds and was halted by the intervention of a witness ; * it is the case that oisin tymon offered no retaliation ; * the verbal abuse was directed at oisin tymon on more than one occasion -- both during the attack and subsequently inside the hotel -- and contained the strongest expletives and threats to sack him . 
  the abuse was at such volume as to be heard in the dining room , and the shouting was audible in a hotel bedroom ; * derogatory and abusive language , relating to oisin tymon and other members of the top gear team , continued to be used by jeremy clarkson inside the hotel , in the presence of others , for a sustained period of time ; * it is clear that oisin tymon was shocked and distressed by the incident , and believed that he had lost his job ; * following the attack , i understand that oisin tymon drove to a nearby a&e department for examination ; * over the subsequent days , jeremy clarkson made a number of attempts to apologise to oisin tymon by way of text , email and in person ; and * it is the case that jeremy clarkson reported the incident to bbc management  it was not disputed by jeremy clarkson or any witness that oisin tymon was the victim of an unprovoked physical and verbal attack . 
  it is also clear to me that oisin tymon is an important creative member of the top gear team who is well-valued and respected . 
  he has suffered significant personal distress as a result of this incident , through no fault of his own . 
  yes it is . 
  i still think it 's a strong show that would be possible without jeremy . 
  i think it went way over the top the last couple seasons and going back to what they had in season 8-14 is still possible without him . 
  it 's a 4 day old account that only posts about how great russia is , do n't even bother . 
  it is completely based on that show . 
  even the camera angles and everything are the same . 
  it is the exact same show , but with dutch news instead of american . 
  do n't be anal about . 
  everyone was talking about how the senate started , so just shut up and stop acting like a retard . 
  if you actually read my comment , you 'll see that i said that it was a place for the noble to have a direct influence on politics . 
  that 's anything but democratic . 
  no they did n't . 
  they just did n't show up , which is something completely different . 
  not caring and saying `` go fuck yourself '' is not the same . 
  but why do you need a political institute to check on whether the tweede kamer is acting within the law or not ?
