  that seems more a task for higher judges then politicians that do it as a part time job . 
  i agree with this . 
  however , i can see the senate change from a political institute to a juridical with judges instead of politicians . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  the nobel from the south wanted more power in politics . 
  the north gave the south what they wanted and created the eerste kamer , who is able to deny every law that went trough the tweede kamer . 
  so thanks , belgium , for trying to make us less democratic , 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's not hennis who is to blame for the lack of funds . 
  promising money is more effective then shooting a gun . 
  the crimean people were promised billions of investments , especially in pension fonds . 
  sure , some people would prefer to be with russia , but many will fall for the propaganda and falls promises . 
  yes , that 's likely . 
  we operate in multiple operations that are pretty black/white to us , and those cost a lot of money . 
  there have been budget cuts for over 20 years straight and 2015 ( 6 ? ), 
  is the first year that more money will be spend . 
  it 's only a 100 million , but it 's more . 
  which is something different then less , which happened for 20 years . 
  we wo n't suddenly double our military budget , but it seems that there has been a turning point . 
  now it 's only hoping that the trend will continue . 
  i do n't see why that other guy said we need rebuilding . 
  we will replace our f16 fleet , we work in a coalition to build an eurofighter drone , we just got new weapons and the mercedes-benzes are being replaced with vw 's . 
  next to that are we also experimenting with out rolling new way of communications on larger scale . 
  yet we are able to operate in 6 countries , be in multiple flash forces and be a mayor part in different exercises . 
  do n't think that a big army is the same as a good army . 
   wishes of the crimean people lol . 
  you seriously believe that ? 
  silly germans . 
  you guys ai n't even in a private club with your neighbouring countries . 
  step up your game . 
  well , how to perform a brain surgery is also common knowledge with the people you went to school with if you are studying to be a brain surgeon . 
  he went to the highest secondary education level we have . 
  even higher then higher , since he went into subclasses like greek and latin . 
  like ? 
   decent number of people, 
  i take `` things that people have been saying for 50 years '' for a 100 bucks !, 
  same here . 
  i would 've thought that it was bigger . 
  but the belgians received military and financial support from french in the war for independence . 
  yes , exactly . 
  those darn french wo n't stop us this time !, 
   ~ ~ working colonizing ~ ~ liberating hdvjg !, 
  fun fact : during ww1 there was a fence build between the dutch and belgium border and farmers had to go trough checkpoints to plough on their own fields . 
  [ here ] ( http://hubpages.com/hub/wwi-the-dutch-belgian-wire-of-death ) you can read more about the ww1 situation . 
  doh , rt.com . 
  seriously ? 
  why the fuck does this gets asked 3 times a week ? 
  just fuck off , nothing changed since yesterday . 
  thanks for explaining that unknown little trivia ... 
  `` disregarding the legal status '' yes , disregarding what makes them european , they ai n't european . 
  it 's not a land border . 
  when did that happen ? 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  we are seperated by the sea , so i would n't really count that . 
  that 's a dumb idea . 
  there are many payment options beside credit cards . 
  he tries to reinvent the wheel . 
  lol , steer away from political topics . 
  i think if the sub changed the name to / r/europeanpolitics nothing would change . 
  almost everything posted here is about politics . 
  like launching a military attack on a nato country . 
  because not doing anything worked so well in 1939 . 
  if there is a baltic invasion , there will be an invasion on the finish front . 
  they are allies . 
  with out any doubt whatsoever i 'm willing to bet my families life that they will assist . 
  finland and sweden will also help when the baltic 's are attacked , since it 's an eu-russian war . 
  finland and sweden are also in direct danger . 
  they just attacked the nato , there is literately no reason to think they wont attack finland and sweden . 
  i know , that 's what i said . 
  if one of the countries you named got attack , nato would without any doubt respond . 
  except that people do national politicians based on their european politics or ideology . 
  national politics decided on how far they let the european regulation go . 
  do you want less european rule ? 
  vote on me !, 
  do you want more european integration ? 
  vote on me !, 
  maybe it 's less an issue in the scandinavian countries , but over here it are some of the most important political issues . 
  by voting for a party member in the national government you say that he represents you . 
  so he also represents you when he appoints a minister in the council . 
  and say that you do n't think that it 's direct enough . 
  then there still is the ep , who are directly elected and can block any legalisation and supervise the ec . 
  very likely . 
  if there was an attack on a eu member norway , us and canada would also respond . 
  everything is co-decided by parties that are directly elected ( the ep ) and indirectly elected ( council of ministers , elected by national governments ) by citizens . 
  the court of justice is n't elected in national government either ( or do you guys vote on who can be judges ? ), 
  and the court of auditors is an administrative division . 
  even only 1-2 % for most countries . 
  that defence pact does exist . 
  an attack on an eu member is an attack on all the members . 
  from the [ bbc ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/static/in_depth/europe/2001/inside_europe/eu_institutions/flow_chart.stm ) . 
  text that goes with the chart :  the european commission is the only eu institution which can initiate legislation . 
  before it can propose new laws , it has a duty to consult with interest groups and experts to ensure the interests of the european union as a whole are served . 
   once the commission has formed a proposal , either for a new law or for the annual budget , it submits it to the european parliament and the council of ministers to pass or reject it . 
   the parliament also has responsibility for supervising the 20 commissioners and is the only institution with the power to sack them . 
  commissioners are appointed by the council of ministers and then approved by parliament . 
   once legislation has been passed , the court of justice makes sure it is interpreted uniformly across all the member states and tries to iron out any differences between european and national laws . 
   the court of auditors is the watchdog for the budget , checking that the money is being well spent and trying to give european citizens value for money . 
  ashes ? 
  hmmm ...
