  in the video the lawyer mentions that in some cases parents have been able to regain custody of their kids through the court . 
  the reporter angles this as some kind of evidence that the system is broken , but in fact it is proof that the system is working perfectly . 
  no humans including cps are flawless , but in the case of a misjudgement or mistake , the court can and will set things right . 
  so these people that have come out in the media blaming the cps , these are parents that not only had their kids taken away which requires sizeable bureaucracy by itself , but presumably also lost in court when they appealed . 
  what do you think is more likely , that both cps and the court system are wrong when looking at the facts presented to them , or that there is indeed a very good reason that the kid was taken away from the parents , and that the parents are just lashing out to the media trying to get attention using emotional , exaggerated stories , not telling the whole stories or just outright lying ? 
  yes . . 
  sorry i guess i kind of assumed most europeans already know english . 
  i see it can be harder to find free resources if not . 
  i 've been learning japanese for almost four years now , and never paid a penny . 
  i 've been looking at free internet resources ( plentiful for this language at least ) , but also borrowed textbooks from the library and chatted to japanese people . 
  never felt any lack of free methods . 
  price is a shitty excuse , it does n't have to cost anything at all . 
  world first, 
  is this really that much of a problem ? 
  what exactly happens , some animals and plants have to relocate ? 
  far better than any kind of fossil fuel . 
  but because of the waste it is not the absolutely optimal solution , that would be something both sustainable and waste-free , for example solar , wind , or like we use : hydro . 
  what recession ? 
  often there is surprisingly few nodes that leads out of a country , usually already under the control of the government in some way . 
  it 's not hard for a government to mess with all of these nodes to intercept packets addressed to certain sites . 
  this is a very difficult question and honestly i do n't know . 
  on one hand , i am in most cases very liberal and i think there 's a lot of things that are illegal that people have the right to do anyway , like drugs , gambling , etc. 
  but when it comes to guns , i get more unsure . 
  simply because of how `` easy '' it is to do a lot of damage with them . 
  99.9 % of people would be able to keep a gun responsibly for sure , but there are always some idiots/maniacs around . 
  to serve as a reminder for that we got anders behring breivik still fresh in our memory . 
  he actually got plenty of guns regardless of the laws , but he had to spend years in hunting clubs etc to build `` trust '' in the system , if guns were even more legal it would be way too easy for people to do the same thing almost on impulse . 
  it all boils down to , is the increased personal freedom worth that risk ? 
  no , there are practically no manholes here placed in such a way that the wheels of cars roll over them . 
  he was talking about my comment , not your submission . 
  it currently has minus 23 points . 
  hysterical nonsense . 
  it 's like the immigrants are treated like lepers and no one wants to come close to them . 
  what do they think they will do , randomly attack the children ? 
  they are normal human adults , they are not a danger . 
  do n't forget that paypal adds about 2-3 percent to the exchange rate as fees . 
  it 's not free to exchange money on paypal . 
  damn , over the atlantic in that thing would be one hell of an adventure . 
  i can tell by the ranking breakdown of my current city that the attributes are too inaccurate . 
  it scores 4/10 on `` outdoors '' , yet i ca n't imagine a better outdoors city , pure nature is less than fifteen minutes of walking away in any direction , with mountains , forests and sea access and tons of beautiful hiking trails . 
  that being said , my top pick was singapore apparently . 
  the model looks like a character straight out of a shrek movie, 
  the arrogance, 
  alexander rybak is originally from belarus ? 
  til . 
  i always thought he was native norwegian . 
   yes , because here , it was not a discrimination due to religion or race , but because of a political opinion . 
  she did n't turn the customer away because she was white , because she was christian or any of that , she was turned away because she wanted the backery to make a cake that would work as a support for a party . 
  protection of rights of races , gender , sex and so on are things that are due to protection of minorities , that is vastly different to opposing a political opinion . 
  i 'd like to point you to this video . 
  not saying it 's worse in this case of a simple cake but it 's best to not make light of political discrimination either way : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa783xpbx1a, 
  i actually disagree , the title is perfectly fine . 
  it states the simple fact that the article is based on and that 's it . 
  of course there is more to the article but the reason the title does n't mention that is because it 's just a title , it 's not meant to be more than a short sentence and ca n't cover every nuance . 
  and everyone with some basic knowledge of european history already knows it 's not as bad now as it has been before . 
  reminds me of this piece of art , by a redditor iirc : http://i.imgur.com/jn3jbzz.jpg, 
   `` post-brexit '' but brexit has n't happened yet ? 
  just the voting, 
  there will be a culture shock at first , but personally i think the only way to actually get rid of xenophobia is to have a multicultural society long enough for everyone to get used to it . 
   i do find that those who defend these people have little to no experience in actually interacting with them . 
  try to live in a place where they make the rules . 
  i do n't know where you get that idea from tbh . . 
  i live in a neighborhood pretty full of immigrants . 
  well if the women have to live with that their whole lives , you can imagine that they 'd feel extremely anxious if they were forced to discard their burka here in the western countries , even if they do n't face the same harassment . 
  they might just still be wearing it because it makes them feel safer and more comfortable , who are we to take that away from them ? 
  to exaggerate a bit , it would be like putting a ptsd sufferer back into a warzone . 
  well personally i 'm against that law too just for the record , but my main point was how ingrained it is in our culture so even if it was legal you 'd be shamed by everyone if you did it . 
  ideally we should all just stop being offended by what people wear , either too much or too little . 
  i think it 's naive to think that all muslim women in burkas are helpless slaves to islam that are forced to wear what they are wearing . 
  in most cases they are wearing the burkas by their own choice . 
  and even if that were n't the case , it 's not like it 's all that different from western culture . 
  we too have a clothing culture that we are pretty much forced to follow . 
  for example , imagine walking outside in public completely naked . 
  not only would you be incredibly ashamed but it 's actually illegal and you might get arrested . 
  think about it : how is that any different from fundamentalist islam ? 
  how would you feel like if you had to move to a country that suddenly banned all clothing and you had to walk around naked all the time because the native population considered any form of clothing to be a symbol of the oppressive western society forcing people to cover themselves up ? 
  that 's probably how many muslim women are feeling these days . 
  why ? 
  i just do n't see what benefits banning something like this has . 
  does n't france have freedom of religion ? 
  is the type of bathing suit someone wears a big enough deal for that basic principle of freedom to be compromised ? 
  well who are the victims of this scandal ? 
  imo it 's not really the owners of their cars , it 's everyone that breathes the pollution that was n't supposed to be emitted . 
  so instead of giving settlements to the buyers , i think a fairer punishment would have been for vw to instead pay for countermeasures for the damage they did , like donate to various clean air projects and hospitals . 
  i dunno , a study here in norway showed that the vast majority of ev owners are very happy with it and would n't consider going back to combustion-only cars . 
  ( only 4 % said they would ) http://elbil.no/elbileierne-vil-ikke-tilbake-til-bensin-eller-dieselbil/, 
  that 's now , but it wo n't be a pain for long distances in 2025 . 
  confusion is banned, 
  i think there wo n't be a need , by 2025 i think most people will naturally choose an electric car anyway , they are on track to become objectively better than ice cars before long . 
  how does suspension have anything to do with whether the car is electric or not ? 
  wasp not a bee . 
  bees are bros, 
  is there any other flaw to this system except that for-profit companies can take advantage of this to get free labour ? 
  what if instead of being allocated to companies , the welfare recipients were set to do jobs that no one benefits financially from ? 
  or that only benefits the government itself ( who are the one paying their welfare checks anyway , so the labour would n't be free ) ? 
   everyone i know with one are either renting them out or changing them out . 
  also sales are down . 
  very strange , i do n't think your circle of acquaintances are representative of norway . 
  this recent study shows that only * 4 % * of ev owners in norway would consider going back to ice cars , with most being very happy with their ev : http://www.aftenposten.no/bil/elbileiere-vil-ikke-bytte-til-bensin-eller-diesel-786324_1.snd sales of pure evs are slightly down , but the sales have been replaced by plug-in hybrids , not entirely non-electric cars . 
  cause they have venstre and krf to keep them in check .
