  the list could go on and on and on ... 
  [ the horror ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkcaymb5uk4 ), 
  other than the same religion what else is that we have in common ? 
  we are n't even geographically close . 
  so please please elaborate . 
  religious unity mmm yeah probably ... but other than that there are very few common things between us . 
  culturally we are worlds apart . 
  shame on you norway !, 
  that 's nothing !, 
  in greece mastrubating in public means only one thing : you are member of the government !, 
  no no no no !, 
  people tend to make that mistake cause they misread him so much ... malicious ? 
  look at that sweet face !, 
   http://i.guancha.cn/news/2016/06/25/20160625115817218.jpg malicious ? 
  why ? 
  cause the guy is so stiff that he has n't got lips any more ? 
  should the fact that he looks like gollum 's ugly bro lead us to wrong conclusions ? 
  the shit that so often comes out of his mouth then ? 
  nah ... tis the constipation i tell ya !, 
  look at him !, 
  oh yes it is true !, 
  it is completely legal now to go for a walk naked in thessaloniki !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avd1s9rvnxk ( here 's an article about the court which ruled that being naked in public is ok : http://www.topontiki.gr/article/153856/nomimes-oi-gymnes-voltes-sti-thessaloniki-pleon-mporeite-na-kykloforeite-gymnoi ) also look this ( at 1:00 ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jr4mfh2ph7q, 
  true that my friend !, 
  it was the stupidity of our leaders that got us in . 
  you see back then the rhetoric was different and had nothing to do with what we see around the eu nowadays . 
  many lies were told back then . 
  some lied about their books others about their intentions . 
  but a lie has a short life - as we say here - so sooner or later the `` situation '' will balance and fix itself . 
  we will be forced to get out ( hallelujah !!!! ) . 
  along with others that `` lied '' back then and now pay a heavy price for that `` sin '' . 
  :d italy comes to mind . 
  then the euro will be stronger than ever and stable as the good ole deutsche mark . 
   so yeah , no one forced us but we certainly been lied to !, 
  nope schauble aint malicious !, 
  a bit constipated ? 
  probably !, 
  but malicious ? 
  never !, 
  as a greek i 'm telling you the truth : all greeks are liars !, 
  naah !, 
  it 's a well established facts that we greeks are crooks !, 
  it must be true !, 
  well we should n't have joined !, 
  that 's for certain . 
  nor other countries that also `` cooked '' ( according to people like schauble ) their books like italy . 
  surely that means that the german reunification that happened just a few months earlier also would n't have happened at all ( i 'm sure that you know that in order for the german reunification to be allowed , germany had to prove that it is euro-oriented and not nationalistic . 
  read some history , find out which major western politicians had such demands hint : they were n't greeks ) . 
  stop playing the role of the useful idiots . 
  that also might be better for the european project . 
  very beautiful indeed !, 
  my thoughts and wishes to you italian brothers !, 
  you are seeing what you want to see . 
  if you do n't see that erdogan too is using religion for his politics and that his politics lead to more political influence for religion , then i think you missed a lot . 
  congrats and best wishes !, 
  best wishes !, 
  hahaha do n't mind me mon ami !, 
  i 'm just an infidel !, 
  hahahahaha i thought you were joking but then read it on the news !, 
  surreal !, 
  surely this cant be right ... for the average person here it 's closer to 35-40 % . 
  hmmm perhaps that was my mistake !, 
  i was looking for them up on the mountains . 
  next time i 'll look around the plains !, 
  thanks for the hint !, 
  it 's because there are always changes on the european map . 
  countries splitting etc. . . for example czechoslovenia !, 
  one thing i know for sure is that austrians are liars !, 
  been there many times , all around the austrian alps and never seen a single kangaroo !, 
  shame on you !, 
  alde will take my vote . 
  they claim , they did n't . 
  they claim they were transferring wounded people and had nothing to do with the it . 
  in any case if their lives are in danger - no matter what the crime - the law gives them the right of asylum . 
   i highly doubt turkey will ever turn into dictatorship it 's not that it ever happened there !, 
  yeah you 're so right !, 
  lol :d, 
  complexes ? 
  other psychological issues ? 
  bad education ? 
  who knows mate !, 
  they did n't just came on the same day ... 
  they were invited to come . 
  they are human beings afraid about their lives . 
  nope there is an issue !, 
  the law . 
  the law forbids to give them back on political or military reasons . 
  they are clearly entitled of asylum . 
  hot potatoes or not , it is illegal to send them back . 
  they are entitled of asylum . 
  of course we 'll send back any equipment that belongs to turkey . 
  this might be annoying to the erdogan government but our laws are very clear on situations like this . 
  it 's not that we rushed to make a new law to annoy them . 
  so tough luck ... they should get over it . 
  i thought it was eurovision or something then i looked again . 
  damn it !, 
  why do croatians thank germans ? 
  vive la france !, 
  nah i dont think there are ill feelings because of historical reasons . 
  not from our part at least .
