  can confirm : albania exists . 
  visited . 
  beautiful country and nice people there . 
  we 'll have an agreement on the last moment ( and after a scare ) . 
  velkouleskou : i agree that we need an event , but i do n't know what that will be . 
  but i think dijsselbloem is trying not to generate an event , but to jump start this discussion somehow on debt , that essentially is about us being on board or not at the end of the day . 
  thomsen : yeah , but you know , that discussion of the measures and the discussion of the debt can go on forever , until some high up . . until they hit the july payment or until the leaders decide that we need to come to an agreement . 
  but there is nothing in there that otherwise is going to force a compromise . 
  right ? 
  it is going to go on forever . 
  we all know what will happen from the wikileaks . 
  no suspence . 
  another greek tragedy to come ... :( bomb us already and spare us the pain . 
  he 's right . 
  i would welcome a european cia and a european fbi . 
  dont get me wrong . 
  assad is a propper cnut but what is it that makes him `` our '' enemy . 
  also , it was mostly external powers that made syria the mess that it is now . 
  be it the so called `` arab spring '' ( radicallization actually ) , isis , al qaeda or the various anti-government groups that turned against each other . 
  so yeah assad is a nasty dictator by syria was much a better place before all this started . 
  and you seem to forget that various islamist groups used even chemical weapons in cities . 
  in any case i rather see assad win and isis wiped out . 
   assad and co that are creating most of the refugees so whenever assad takes more territory it 's probably bad news for us . 
  i thought it was isis and other radicall groups . 
  after all syrians lived under assad 's regime for years and we didnt see any refugees here . 
  perfectionist . 
  are n't you ? 
  well march 25th , is the national day !, 
  good riddance . 
  i agree with you mate !, 
  100 % my love and support to belgium and its people . 
  my respect and condolences to the victims . 
  i dont know if they were 200 or 20 but what they did is despicable ( to say the least ) . 
  does it matter though ? 
  it was a report of that on greek tv and another thing that made me angry is that this monster was walking freely in the area , many recognized him and knew it yet no one made even a phone call to the police . 
  disgusting to cover up for a ~ ~ person ~ ~ monster responsible for 140 deaths . 
  here there are reports about 11 dead . 
  damn !, 
  i am so sad and so angry . 
  by condolences to the victims families . 
  :( i hope the only dead is the terrorist . 
  in greek both \u03bd\u03ae and \u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 sound : ne \u03b1\u03b9 is a diphthong . 
  what a tragedy ... :(, 
  there are solutions to both keep the streets well lit and also have dark skies . 
  it 's only a matter of realizing and taking the right steps to solve the problem . 
  that 's very cool, 
  it is horrible mate . 
  as the situation is has many negative side effects to our health and animals health to . 
  just look to it a little bit deeper . 
  it 's not a matter of aesthetics . 
  also there are solutions to keep our streets well lit and safe and at the same time enjoy dark skies . 
  there are street lamps that beam the light on downwards for example . 
  as the situation is , indeed is terrible . 
  it is ... 
  anyone that has astrophotography/astronomy as a hobby will verify that to you . 
  some facts : - 99 per cent of the european union population lives in areas where the night sky is polluted . 
  - 90 per cent of the european union population lives under an artificial perennial moonlight . 
  - for about two-thirds of the european union population ` night ' never really comes . 
  - about half of the european union population has lost the possibility of seeing the milky way , the galaxy where we live . 
  - approximately one-sixth of the european union population can not even look at the heavens with the eye adapted to night vision due to the high brightness ( data for years 1998-1999 ) take a look at these sites : http://www.lightpollutionmap.info/#zoom=4&amp;lat=5759860&amp;lon=1619364&amp;layers=b0tfffftt http://www.savethenight.eu/light%20pollution%20in%20europe.html, 
  awful light pollution ... :( we 've lost our dark starry skies . 
  one has to realize that when talks about changes in a language he has to talk in relative terms . 
  so yes relatively to all other languages greek changed almost none at all . 
  if you think that hellenistic greek ( the language that the bible was written ) is perfectly understandable even by non educated old folk while nowadays english or french ( even italian ) for instance is almost a completely different language , then yes one is right to say greek has n't change . 
  indeed we dropped the dative . 
  we do use it in many expressions though . 
  as for it being `` a very big difference '' , i would think not . 
  after all the biggest changes in our language happened between the ancient and hellenistic times and far fewer from hellenistic to the modern ones . 
  there 's practically no difference between the two . 
  in greek there are 7 tenses . 
  in some cases they can be 15 x 2 ( voices ) . 
  it 's not a military band . 
  it 's the band of the city of athens . 
  i hope it wont ( qualify ) . 
  no one here likes it . 
  sounds cool !, 
  you talk about dignity ? 
  hahahahaha that 's the problem with you guys . 
  while you 've got none , you think it 's others that do n't have it . 
  pah !, 
  hahahahah nice try . 
  `` i 'm macedonian and i 'm finding this thread hilarious and petty . '', 
  you 've said on one thread . 
  here you 've said '' thread title and eu 's migrant crisis led me here '' . 
  you think it 's not obvious ? 
  typical of you guys . 
  liers and thieves \u041f\u0438\u0447\u043a\u0430 . 
  lol, 
  yeah right !, 
  trying to steal cyprus from turkey ? 
  have n't you heard ? 
  cyprus is another , an independent country . 
  and coffee ? 
  are you trolling or just an idiot ? 
  a petty one too !, 
  they 've been many reportages about it . 
  even from their own journalists . 
  it is sadly a reality . 
  lol if nobody gives a shit what are you doing in this thread ? 
  also you say :  you 're just showcasing to the world you 're just as petty as the rest of the neighbourhood there well the neighborhood is pretty fine here !,
