  there 's isis in iraq and libya too . 
  they use the refugees as a leverage to put pressure on the west . 
  they fucking even provide help to isis . 
  assad is n't my or `` our '' ally . 
  isis certainly is n't too nor did we support those scumbags . 
  what i see though is a pattern : evil dictators being overthrown by external forces and an even grater evil taking their place . 
  libya got rid of gaddafi and guess what : isis has a stronghold there now . 
  in syria between assad and isis i 'd take assad any day . 
  but then again i do n't have erdogan as a leader and i think otherwise . 
  do they still exist ? 
  wow !, 
  that 's a big change in so little time !, 
  fired many guns and pistols . 
  also various explosives . 
  how ? 
  two years obligatory army service ( early 90s ) . 
  what merkel did might not be wise but blaming her for these tragedies is much more than unjust . 
  the eu should start applying pressure to the turkish government . 
  also the west should actually help asad to wipe out isis . 
  that would fix the problem . 
  there 's trouble in the gypsy village : who gives a shit !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzev3iqc4w8 :d, 
  . . and bacon !, 
  they forgot to mention bacon !, 
  you are right mate !, 
  seems it 's just cheap politics . 
  where did this come from ? 
  the parties that voted for the deal have more than 85 % of peoples preference . 
  whatever happens in the elections , it is certain that the parties which will form a government will be pro deal/austerity . 
  why is he bringing this up ? 
  what more does he want ? 
  you are cruel ... 
  i love germany . 
  it was very nice everywhere i went ... bavaria is certainly a favorite . 
  britain , germany ( i love bavaria ) , france , italy , norway and iceland . 
  so the population wo n't get to become `` anti-immigrant '' . 
  this is happening in other countries too . 
  on the contrary , they ( governments ) mostly try to hide the crimes committed by immigrants . 
  for instance on the news you rarely hear about the nationality of the criminal . 
  the numbers are indeed alarmingly high but unfortunately this is the reality . 
  here 's an up vote buddy !, 
  first time i hear something like that . 
  i do n't believe it is happening cause in the worst scenario one would be arrested only for the night and next morning would walk out free . 
  seriously , i 've never heard something like that , not in greece . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  crimes ? 
  it is n't a crime to get piss drunk and loud and do silly things . 
  why would the get fined for ? 
  nope !, 
  no crimes whatsoever !, 
  do n't worry !, 
  i 'd pay for it to happen too !, 
  yes in fact they are responsible for over 50 % of the crimes here . 
  source : http://www.tovima.gr/society/article/?aid=448460, 
  how about svalbard ? 
  just a thought !, 
  from the picture on top of it , i would 've thought it 's stalin meat . 
  we could , but for that turkey needs to agree . 
  so far the dont accept them back . 
  perhaps this is a matter for the eu to put some pressure . 
  racism against the albanians started only after some serious ( crime ) incidents but quickly withered . 
  albanians integraded fine into our society . 
  crow in greek is korakas ( or korax formal ), 
  i think kaka is shit in almost all european languages . 
  some write it caca or cacca but the pronunciation is the same . 
  cookie in greek is biskoto . 
  it is a loan word from latin ( double cooked ), 
  skata is the vulgar form of the word kaka . 
  one says the baby made kaka . 
  never the baby made skata, 
  we still say duo . 
  kaka in greek, 
  these are not refugees . 
  these are illegal immigrants that are taking advantage the drama refugees face and mingle with them to enter in europe . 
  it 's funny that with all this political correctness , words lost their meaning . 
  not at first and not at this scale . 
  no comparison at all . 
  i very much agree with you . 
  lets see what the new government will do . 
  i 'm afraid they are going to do what other european governments do : nothing . 
  if the situation continues as is then people will take matters on their hands ( the man on the video says the situation is `` this '' close to explode ) . 
  it 's gon na be ugly then . 
  nothing similar whatsoever . 
  the police is giving priority to syrian refugees when it comes to processing . 
  the rest of the immigrants which are afganis , pakistanis etc get angry with this and they often beat the syrians and create problems in order to `` blackmail '' the authorities to give them the priority . 
  that 's what the woman was talking about when she said `` they want to kill each other '' . 
  look at this video where about 1000 afganis tries to take over a ferry that would transfer syrians to the mainland . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iq6yxx6gxy they get very provocative . 
  here are photos of them ( afganis etc ) that wrote on cartboard `` we will destroy the island '' http://www.newsit.gr/topikes-eidhseis/mytilini-to-pano-ton-metanaston-poy-kanei-to-gyro-toy-facebook-deite-foto/428663 none of them are syrians . 
  the local population are on its limits ( as well in other parts of the country ) . 
  of course you wont see things like that on the international media . 
  they just arent `` trendy '' or should i say they are haram ? 
  we certainly do . 
  but how can the borders be controled . 
  a very usual practice is that when they got spotted by the coastguard the deflate the boats themselves so the coastguard will have to resque them and bring them on the islands ( european soil ) . 
  so what can be done ? 
  let them drown ? 
  everyone will scream how murderous greeks are . 
  in greek fuge which again is very similar to latin . 
  ffs do you even know what you are talking about ?
