  i bet the author know nothing about these things ( and much more ) yet he feels pretty sure to spread his nonesense around . 
  here 's such an example in my hometown : `` in these monasteries and especially in the monastery of saint nicholaos philanthropinon are being preserved wall paintings of splended art . 
  it is remarkable that in the above monastery there are full body wallpaintings of seven ancient philosophers as plato , solon , aristotelis , plutarch , thoukididis , apollonius and hilon . '', 
  http://ioannina.uoi.gr/_en/sights/ edit : to add * our traditional dances - yes those ones performed in the hotels for tourists to see - have ancient traces and some remained exactly the same . 
  the best example of them is a traditional dance called `` kykles '' that is exactly the dance that was performed in antiquity to honor the birth of apollo . 
  it 's danced making 7 circles around the tree at the village 's square as according to tradition the crane flew around delos when apollo was born . 
  or another custom you might never heard off is a religious festive day before starting lent where the `` phalos '' is worshiped . 
  clearly pagan , and performed continuesly to this day : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mjfit7tqyc the songs are only about sex and in a very vulgar way . 
  the lyrics are about cocks , bollocks , cunts , sex etc. 
  honestly as it is , i have no clue whatsoever what the solution would be . 
  perhaps the solution might be to nuke us to kingdom come . 
  damn me if i know . 
  no problem mate !, 
  tis the trend of our times : `` blame it on the greeks '' :d, 
  they do not come only from war torn places . 
  the problem is that before they come , they get rid of their papers and no one can prove anything . 
  also that makes deportation of people ( not in need of asylum ) much harder . 
  their countries of origin refuse to take them back . 
  i know for certain that pakistan does so . 
  ... and pakistan , and afganistan , and bangladesh to add a few to the list . 
  nonsense . 
  what spiritual way ? 
  the byzantines were greeks and the natural evolution of the ancient greeks . 
  bullshit of the highest order published not in a marginal yellow paper . 
  scientifically false , racist nonsense published in a serious newspaper with well selected timing to show how dirty greeks are . 
  not only mentaly but also geneticaly . 
  you can kid yourselves that it isnt so for as much as you like but dont expect us or everyone else not to take notice . 
  you 've - not you personally - managed to turn a huge economic failure ( that is 100 % our fault and no one elses ) into an `` ethics '' witchhunt . 
  with some racial overtones . 
  that is inexcusable and very catastrophic to our nations frienship and feelings towards each other . 
  the consequences of such behaviors are going to last much more than any economic crisis . 
  germany has not moral obligation to help . 
  you have every right to send us to hell but no right whatsoever to judge us or look down on us . 
  i trully am very very sorry to see germany acting like that . 
  edit : i feel the need to thank you personally . 
  the fact that you took the time and effort to make me or any other greek to feel better shows me that you are a very decent person . 
  so thank you very much !, 
  imo italy has every moral right to do so !, 
  of course you did n't say it !, 
  the way you wrote your post though is misleading enough to make people think otherwise . 
  you know `` germany does n't like the sactions , but we are not the ones blocking them '' followed by examples of other countries less favorable etc. 
  it 's pretty easy to be clear : '' but we are certainly not the ones blocking them '' ... 
  so did anyone ever blocked them ? 
  no , never !, 
  so why the nuanced double - talk with a bit of lies ? 
  you are not stupid , you can be presice when you wan na say something , so why this deliberate one sided vagueness ? 
  also greece and austria did n't block the sanctions . 
  just to be clear . 
  do n't bother mate !, 
  it 's the thought that counts !, 
  amen brother . 
  when we complain about the way the crisis is handled the cliche answer is `` it is your fault !, 
  pay back the loans '' yes !, 
  once and for all it is our fault . 
  give us the right tools and time to pay you back !, 
  someone please tell tsipras to `` get real '' . 
  a slap will be much appreciated too . 
  the problem is about illegal immigrants . 
  when they are rescued and enter the country , they are being examined if they are entitled of asylum etc. 
  what we find is that almost all of them have no papers whatsoever . 
  so even if it is certain that they should be deported back to their countries of origin it is impossible . 
  their countries refuse to accept them back ( even pakistan does so ) . 
  so the crisis in italy , in malta and in greece are people that are entitled to get asylum status . 
  the problem is that all illegal immigrants can not be identified and so remain here . 
  yeah !, 
  good joke indeed !, 
  http://immigration.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceid=005235 mind you the figures are for 2010 . 
  now they are much worse . 
  and what makes you think that the image of greeks as the descendants of pericles is imaginary ? 
  based on what data ? 
  show me please ? 
  again : even if i did n't understand the original article ( i 've read it ) judging by the comments i 'd say the german commentators respond as i understood it . 
  funny timing too . 
  but please show me data that will back that image as descendants of the ancient greeks is indeed imaginary . 
  edit : yes i admit it i respond to emotionally about it . 
  can you guess why ? 
  let me help a bit : greeks -- liars -- cons -- lazy -- * bastards * thanks !, 
  i truly hope we leave the ez & the eu . 
  it will be better for you too . 
  what i do n't mention is that there are a few hundred thousands here . 
  well i ca n't say i know . 
  how would i ? 
  german politicians surely know better hence they refused . 
  it is them that asked the imf to be part of the solution . 
  it is them that keep saying the agreements should be kept 100 % even if they are hurtful to our economy . 
  it is them that should answer both to imf and the german voters . 
  exactly !, 
  i posted the article you can read it yourself . 
  there are many other articles that point the same : that the imf was n't a debt haircut . 
  the imf . 
  not varoufakis or any other syriza idiot . 
  the imf that europe wanted to be part of the agreement since day one and now turn a blind eye on it . 
   http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39umok/greeks_are_not_real_greeks_claims_german_die_welt/ was it really ? 
  have we destroyed european order once by claiming our independence ? 
  were the super powers of the age so dumb to be drawn into a conflict due to `` romanticism '' ? 
  naaah they were totally dumb about geopolitics especially great britain and france that ruled half the globe . 
  is there a mention in the original article that modern greeks are a mixture of slavs , albanians and byzantines ( ? ) . 
  is this what the author remembered due to the situation nowadays ?!, 
  no the original article is not debunked in anyway . 
  and the comments underneath it only prove the way modern germans and die welt readers understood it too .
