  it 's very much a tradition for them . 
  they are ( a bit ) cretins when it comes to guns . 
  very nice fellas though !, 
  very nice presentation of a beautiful country !, 
  thank you for your time and effort !, 
  what did you expect ? 
  a random heavily edited video that shows ** nothing ** remotely similar to the title . 
  disgusting propaganda actually . 
  probably made by the traffickers themselves . 
  as for people being in the water shortly after the coast guard appears ... it is a known practice that the illegal immigrants the 1st thing they do is to deflate the lifeboat themselves so they get picked up by the coastguard ( who would then have to carry them to european soil ) . 
  disgusting lies from the very people who make money from this drama . 
  and they are on the turkish side . 
  shame on you too !, 
  seriously ... 
  horrible news !, 
  my condolences to his family , friends and the whole croatian nation . 
  what ?!?!!? 
  but i 've seen many documentaries claiming that kangaroos live only in austria !, 
  best of wishes to all involved in this incident . 
  not according to this : http://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp, 
  beautiful !, 
  i ' l leave this here : http://archaeologynewsnetwork.blogspot.gr/2012/11/neolithic-houses-unearthed-in-central.html#.vcd9rxhyx8s :d, 
  :d have an up vote mate !, 
  totally !, 
  i just send her a photo of my id , my social security number and my bank account details !, 
  now i 'm waiting for the money !, 
  hooray !, 
  you are right about that !, 
  i laughed out loud with this !, 
  tsochatzopoulos is n't in jail for non declared assets but for corruption and bribery . 
  also one can not send emails from prison without them being `` scanned '' by the police . 
  obviously that person is n't greek . 
  a photographer 's paradise !, 
  i want so bad to visit that beautiful country !, 
  it was indeed a nail biter !, 
  oh , thank you irish brothers !, 
  this is the 1st time in quite a while , i 've seen something positive ( other than `` for sale '' or `` debt '' ) about my country . 
  we love you too !, 
  shhh they do n't know yet !, 
  do n't ruin it . 
  stupid for not approving violence as a mean to punish people ? 
  what happened there was n't defending themselves . 
  it was a mob lynch mentality . 
  i am sorry you ca n't see it . 
  do you honestly think that life was n't unfair to me ? 
  and you think that the only way someone can understand it is if this happened to him ? 
  how pathetic !, 
  why ? 
  these flags are not new . 
  they were made a long time ago and they symbolize some strong/major tradition of the country . 
  also , do the countries that have stripes on their flags , represent somehow the values of minorities ? 
  in greek it 's tyri ( not tiri ) and yes it 's derived from the ancient tyros . 
  it is often though that the ancient form is still used . 
  tyros feta or anthotyro . 
  criticize all you want !, 
  but ffs is there something remotely close to criticism in that ? 
  :  r/portugalmasquechatice :  look on the bright side ... it \u00b4 s always someone else fault \u00b4 s what the hell are you talking about ? 
  and to my reply to that vile comment , you start mumbling about things i never said ? 
  seriously can you follow a conversation ? 
  or are you here just for the `` criticism '' ? 
  so this is about morality and not economics ? 
  do some serious thinking dude . 
  you got it all wrong . 
  did i say anything remotely similar to what you reply to me ? 
  did you read at all what i wrote ? 
  you should grow up !, 
  take some lessons to text compehention too !, 
  almost !, 
  you ? 
  i mentioned nothing about the eurozone , the loans , the strings attached , irresponsible governments or whose fault all this is . 
  i only made a comment about the attitude of someone who is a citizen of another european country , a supposedly friendly nation , a member of the same family ( short of saying ) . 
  i costs nothing to say something nice . 
  i costs nothing to say nothing . 
  it seems though that some people find it productive ( or perhaps even beneficial ) to be snide . 
  doesnt matter . 
  as i said i wish only the best for them too !, 
  oh how nice !, 
  a fellow european , a friend has come in our darkest hour to hit us again with an overplayed cliche !, 
  i wish you all the best buddy !, 
  none !, 
  i hope it 's nothing serious . 
  best wishes to her . 
  wonderful news !, 
  congrats to spain !, 
  i seriously doubt that this makes it any better . 
  you are right that whales and dolphins have it better in the way they live their lives but the stress they suffer through this is quite significant . 
  they do realize what is going to happen to them and they do see it happening to their own . 
  they are highly inteligent . 
  the fact that the practices of industrialized animal farming are vile doesnt make this any more acceptable . 
  it is not a matter of comparison . 
  how come you dont hear ? 
  perhaps you are looking at the wrong places . 
  in anycase , one wrong doesnt mean something else is less wrong . 
  i 've gone vegeterian because of that . 
  i just cant cope with all that suffering . 
  it is a personal choice . 
  althought personally i am a vegeterian i dont have a problem with people consuming meat . 
  this is a personal choice . 
  what i am against is the way the animals are slaughtered . 
  it should be done with as little agony and suffering as possible .
