  that is no show of power , that 's old plain rudeness . 
  do n't let them crash your spirit . 
  i realise that what is happening is a nightmare for progressive , democracy loving , peaceful people . 
  you have to be strong . 
  thanks !, 
  i see !, 
  thanks !, 
  what 's it with the french ? 
  why ? 
  italy you are so beautiful !, 
  how can we not love you ? 
  viva italia !, 
  what a joke !!!, 
  the minister not the cards . 
  heya neighbours !, 
  you look beautiful !, 
  shhhhhhhh !, 
  shhhhhhht !, 
  awwwww ... 
  cretan heads !, 
  all 's good !, 
  none practically !, 
  easy : because our minister is dumb to a murderous degree . 
  the blood of that innocent german girl is on his hands !, 
  is that you dear ? 
  hahahahahhahaa ( here 's an upvote mate ! ), 
  same in greece . 
  also the bloodiest crimes come from georgian gangs . 
  happy new olive year southeuropean bros !, 
  in other socking news : it is confirmed !, 
  water is wet !, 
  happy indipedence day finland !, 
  actually you are right !, 
  indeed we are cousins !, 
  beautiful !, 
  the place where italians and greeks lived like brothers for millenia !, 
  viva italia !, 
  * * i really really really hope so ... 
  nope it hasnt !, 
  saddened about it ( the brexit ) but always very fond of the british, 
  worry not bro !, 
  we luv ya !, 
  happy we can help !, 
  surreal !, 
  cause hypocrisy . 
  i remember ( during the 1st years of the economic crisis ) many here were bashing my country cause `` greece is so corrupt '' , `` greece is so corrupt should be thrown out of ee '' blah blah blah . 
  am seeing now how much more corrupt are their countries . 
  yeah it makes sense : more hypocrisy , more corruption !, 
  it used to be like that but it is n't so for some years now . 
  no one dislikes the us nowadays ( except the dinosaurs in the communist party but they are becoming extinct anyway ) . 
  yeah !, 
  that felt nice and warm !, 
  thank you !, 
  have an upvote !, 
  there is only one thing to hope anymore : bomb us already and be done with it . 
  pah !, 
  help !, 
  send some green !, 
  it 's the inglehart -- welzel map : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inglehart\u2013welzel_cultural_map_of_the_world, 
  well it is : https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-40ebd88ddae3eddac93bf8206b4cb49e-c, 
  rly ?!? 
  check this out : https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-40ebd88ddae3eddac93bf8206b4cb49e-c, 
  pretty much the same !, 
  u-rope !, 
  haters gon na hate !, 
  thank god you want nothing to do with me . 
  cholera would be a better company and a cabbage more witty that you . 
  i never talked about `` common sense '' or `` straight shooter '' but as a retarded moron you are , you just reply to your own thoughts and preconceptions . 
  if you took the time to pull your head out of your arse and read some biology you would shockingly discover that fact . 
  your mother might be a cow with two stomachs and you might have inherited that but the rest of humanity ( and some other ape species ) have a natural taste for flesh . 
  deal with it . 
  then visit your nearest shrink . 
  that 's levelling everything . 
  unfortunately humans need meat in their diet . 
  that is a biological fact . 
  on the other hand we are talking about some form of `` entertainment '' that i can only call sick . 
  you should see on of the older flags we had !, 
  1769 to the war of independence !, 
  naaah we are bros !, 
  this barbarism 's got to end . 
  seriously it 's disgusting . 
  greece is secretly nordic !, 
  me too !, 
  isnt that nils holgersson ? 
  dont forget dental care !, 
  rolls some dice too . 
  i 've never heard anyone in santorini complaining about the tourists . 
  drilling has n't started yet . 
  it 's so tragic . . those 2 came here to rest and enjoy and they lost their lives . 
  rest in peace . 
  hamburg looks fine !, 
  clearly we are north western europe . 
  we can into nordic . 
   untry several times and the feta section is often the largest committed to a single product in the grocery stores . 
  i 'm not saying you do n't drink milk , but you sure love your feta :d feta is a gift from gods . 
  you are very welcome our swede bother to join us into consuming as much as possible . 
  fun fact : the 1st description on how to make feta cheese is in homer 's odyssey . 
  we used that fact when greece had to prove that we were the 1st to do it and it 's our national product and others shouldnt use the term `` feta '' for their white cheese products . 
  milk is popular here . 
  huh !,
