  yeah ionians and dorians were blue eyed blond germans , egyptian must have been swedes and mayans surely were finns . 
  and we are bastards that keep destroying europe . 
  this is not bild , and these are not bild readers . 
  for people like me that love germany and have many good german friends it has become more and more difficult to not be angry : first we were a nation of lies , then a nation of scum , a nation of lazybones and now bastards . 
  i am truly sorry for germany . 
  yes i am disgusted . 
  personally - and i am not at all a tsipras voter - i came to hope that tipras and his idiot buddy varoufakis wo n't accept any deal . 
  not at all for the reasons they think it is good . 
  no i do n't want to be part of the ez and eu anymore . 
  we will bleed , many will die but eventually we will come around . 
  i tend to agree my friend . 
  better outside of ez and eu . 
  in order to keep the same fragile ethnic make up as yours , do you know how many immigrants should stay in greece ? 
  about 7500 . 
  to be at your level . 
  do you know how many are here ? 
  you dont wan na know . 
  i am not that optimistic my friend . 
  not only about the ability/will of the us and uk to help but also very much affraid the consequences it will have to the population here . 
  i am very much affraid that extremists will rise and logic will go out of the window . 
  you see it 's not only the economic hardships we are facing . 
  it is the constant humiliations too . 
  to get an idea , only yesterday this was published in die welt . 
  besides on being scientificaly totaly wrong it 's not only a grave insult to us but also on the verge of explaining our problems through genetics . 
  rings a bell when it comes from german mouths ? 
  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-06-14/merkel-mouthpiece-die-welt-suggests-dna-based-eu-membership-greeks-are-not-real-gree disgusted . 
  edit : some not only want us out of the ez and eu , they want us to hate it too . 
  well as i recall it , the moment a few hundred ( or even less ) people started to shoot , europe was keen to take sides and send airplanes to `` help '' the revolters . 
  now there is a lybian government that doesnt/cant control the country and an isis state on the happening . 
  talking about potato level stupidity . 
  agree . 
  but it wasnt europe 's politicians job to get rid of gaddafi too . 
  was it ? 
  as much as a prick gaddafi was , this didnt happen during his day . 
  also not as many people died per year due to gaddafi 's regime than those drowing in the med . 
  so i 'm all for stopping the flow of immigrants to europe . 
  who will do it ? 
  africans ? 
  italy ? 
  greece ? 
  the whole eu together ? 
  and how ? 
  it is very easy to be judgmental and dismissive . 
  what is the solution though ? 
  that is very likely . 
  and if that happened it will push greece towards russia etc. 
  dont want to think about it ... but if it happens , how it would be `` the best outcome for western geopolitics ... 
  it will . 
  not that this would stop varoufakis or the troika . 
  i believe it is . 
  or it could be latvia . 
  it 's not clear nowadays . 
  it would be funny if it werent tragic . 
  we are certainly together when it come to this mentality : everyone on his/her own . 
  sure !, 
  everything helps !, 
  :d lol, 
  imo the imf is the only reasonable creditor atm : http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/12/us-eurozone-greece-imf-iduskbn0os1yv20150612, 
   so you 're telling me , you do n't think a large chunk of the greek population is somewhat responsible for the debt crisis ... ffs where did i say anything remotely like this ? 
  i am not telling you anything more that you created a troll account cause you want to troll with out being spotted . 
  here , you say it yourself ( once again ) :  `` not really , just did n't want my account to be associated with what i said '' so dont make assumptions on who i regard responsible for the crisis cause i 've never said anything about that to you . 
  the only thing i 've said is that you definetely are a fucking troll . 
  and no one in his right mind would open a discussion with a troll . 
  idiot . 
  true !, 
  and also the imf asks for a debt relief something that is never mentioned by the creditors . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/12/eurozone-greece-imf-idusl5n0yy2a720150612 so no , imf is not angry only with the greeks it is also with the creditors . 
  half truth is not truth . 
  throwaway account = troll thank you for admitting it so easily sweetie pie !, 
  only here to unload venom !, 
  not only a troll but stupid as potato , for not thinking we 'd notice !, 
  huh !, 
  yes . 
  it 's the evil imf , now that does n't agree on military cuts . 
  no mention at all that the imf at the same time asks for debt cut . 
  very odd !, 
  oh really ? 
  not a 1st post then ? 
  not a nickname picked up just for the occasion ? 
  also , never commented about your ancestry or nationality ... just the trolling nature of yours !, 
  interesting choice of nickname dude !, 
  and what 's even more interesting is that this is your 1st and only post . 
  proper trolling needs more wits than that honey bunny !, 
   the debt it self never goes down only the gdp rises and so the debt/gdp ratio got better . 
  true !, 
  and our gdp fell by 30 % the last few years as a result of implementing the troika plans . 
  we are being asked to continue on the same path . 
   the nazi 's did n't manage that while they occupied greece . 
  under german occupation it was n't just the firing squads and burning of whole villages , they destroyed the economy so bad that there were 100s of thousands deaths from starvation . 
  at the time of the german occupation the city of athens had an every day service for collecting from the streets the bodies of those that died of starvation . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_ ( greece ) so to say * `` the nazi 's did n't manage that while they occupied greece '' * is simply wrong . 
  here too the imf intervention would be successful , if the imf intervention were followed . 
  not really . 
  read this please : http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/12/eurozone-greece-imf-idusl5n0yy2a720150612 you 'll find out that everyone looks bad , but the creditors . 
  the imf is also asking for a debt relief for years now . 
  in that regard , the imf is the only one who tells the truth both to greece and its creditors . 
  they wo n't accept anything other than pension system reform but at the same time say that the plans are not sustainable if a debt cut wo n't happen . 
  hardly at fault imo . 
  `` but by mentioning financing , the imf also wanted to signal is exasperation at european governments ' refusal to discuss debt relief for greece , without which imf officials say the country 's finances simply wo n't be sustainable . '', 
  impossible .
