  moroccans etc ? 
  lets cut the crap and see what is really happening : erdogan is * using * these people as a leverage for his own fucking agenda . 
  are you serious ?!, 
  i wish you were kidding . 
  it seems you are not though . 
  being greek , i dont find it funny how you managed to make such a connection . 
  anyway , rest assured , we wont send a crying girl to merkel in order to have our debt forgiven . 
  no changes then . 
  ps you are welcome to come live with us . 
  * '' ... where i 'm from , this is handled by men . 
  '' * ... and these attitudes - among others - is what made your country a shit hole that drove you away ... 
  i 'm sorry for that impolite comment but i 'm sick and tired to see my country blamed for just about everything . 
  it was not right and i do apologize . 
  my best wishes for denmark and its people too . 
   well ship them back to turkey and let turkey not accept them . 
  ship them back ? 
  how ? 
  with ups ? 
  cause using the navy to send them back to turkish shores would end up with war . 
  as for australia , i do n't think you realize what they are doing there . 
  totally different situation . 
  else you would n't mention it . 
  ffs did the iq suddenly drop ? 
  what has this situation do with defending one 's borders ? 
  we are talking about civilians , families too that when they see the navy approaching they deliberately sink the boat so the navy would fucking have to save them according to international law . 
  it 's either this or to let them drown . 
  is it so hard to understand or does hypocrisy blocked the minds over there ? 
  you are truly interested on helping to solve the problem ? 
  then the eu should work together to put enormous pressure on some countries like pakistan , algeria , morocco etc to accept their own nationals back ( they refuse to do so ) and then send back all that are not entitled of asylum . 
  i agree greece would be better off without this level of eu ~ ~ integration ~ ~ hypocrisy . 
  pah !, 
  it 's not about acceptance . 
  greece never accepted them . 
  they just show up half drowned on our shores . 
  imagine a boat sinking outside hamburg 's port . 
  those who survive swim to the coast . 
  you got yourself some illegal immigrants . 
  did germany accept them ? 
  i do n't have any problem on relocating them . 
  i wish it happens and what schauble said was n't just empty words . 
  this is what made me think you had too much ouzo :  if word spreads out that immigrants ca n't leave greece , they wont bother coming in the first place . 
  they simply do not accept them back . 
  hell even pakistan doesnt accept pakistani immigrants back . 
  nor does morocco with its own citizens , or algeria etc. 
  too much ouzo ? 
  we are pretty capable on defending our borders . 
  if needed in case of emergency we could do as france did and invoke article 42.7 of the treaty on european union . 
  article 42.7 requires eu countries to do all they can to help when one of their own is the `` victim of armed aggression . '', 
  are you sure though , this situation is about * defending borders * ? 
  or do you only kick a dead horse and chat silly ? 
  other breaking news : it is confirmed !, 
  water is wet !, 
  in greek house is also `` oikos '' ( pronounced eekos ), 
  greece : http://aftovi2.27210.gr/mediafiles/2015/02/koudounia.jpg, 
  well we are a union ( supposedly ) . 
  but lets see for a moment how a `` union '' acts . 
  here in greece , we 've had problems for decades now with turkey disputing our sea borders and also many of our islands . 
  did the `` union '' do something about it ? 
  did the union come forth and say `` hey turkey , that is our common borders you dispute , please back down '' ? 
  nope !, 
  the `` union '' did nothing at all except being happy to give us loans so to buy weapons to guard those borders while on the same time selling weapons to the disputers too . 
  now the shit has hit the fan and hundred of thousands enter our borders from turkey the union remember that these freaking borders are `` oh our external borders '' . 
  and what does the union do ? 
  | a ) propose us to patrol these external borders along with those that dispute them and | b ) pay billions to those that dispute those borders and | c ) ask us to hold all the immigrants here while not providing any help whatsoever to send back to the countries of origin those who are not entitled of asylum . 
  and with `` help '' i do n't mean money for their air tickets i mean to put pressure on those countries that wo n't accept back their own freaking nationals too . 
  like pakistan and morocco . 
  now how stupid one should be not to shout `` muh sovereignty '' ? 
  well i truly think that schauble is a short sighted cunt that has no real care for the long term interests of the german people . 
  his horizons go as far as accounting will get him . 
  of course no interest for the greeks and what happens to them too . 
  he is a populist cunt that uses the circumstances to promote himself and doesnt give a damn about the outcome . 
  unfortunately i can say exactly the same things ( even more so ) for our politicians too . 
  both sides used vitriol to poison the minds of their audience against the `` other '' ones . 
  fuck them !, 
  seriously !, 
  fuck them . 
  we belong together and the way the world goes it will be more and more obvious each single day that passes . 
  so no , i do n't see germans in the face of schauble i just see a cunt as i see a cunt on tsipras ' face . 
  well they fucked up our economy but it was n't germans ( the people ) that 've done it . 
  it was german government with the help of many greek governments . 
  one has to be able to differentiate !, 
  interesting !, 
  sound like an odd ( yet nice ) language . 
  perhaps i should take the time and explore it a bit . 
  it must be a difficult one i gather . 
  well i am !, 
  what 's not to like about them ? 
  open minded , good people , with great achievements in culture . 
  all 'n all they are wonderful . 
  been there ( germany ) many times , have lots of german friends ( some of them very close friends to consider them family ) . 
  the more you know them , the more you like them . 
  so gorog means us ? 
  ok let me be very clear on how i feel about germany & germans : i love them . 
  great music , gorgeous landscapes but overall a let down . 
  been many times there and never seen a single kangaroo !, 
  where do they hide them ? 
  how about mount athos ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_athos they literally live in byzantium . 
  my whole life i was his fan . 
  thank you for your music david ...
