  do n't you give'em ideas now !, 
  they should have : copy & paste :d, 
  you are reading things out of context . 
  at the time greece was at war every 10 years . 
  also greece was a core to the eastern roman empire for more than a thousand years . 
  because according to the article ( op ) it 's arab & turkish descent youth that bullied the jewish kid . 
  also i replied to another post ( r/roodditor ) :  this unfortunately happens in holland as well . 
  gay people are also often targeted by folks of middle eastern descent , sometimes resulting in very violent encounters . 
  they simply seem to be less tolerant when it comes to these groups . 
  i have to emphasize it 's mostly stupid teenaged kids doing this though . 
  the stars in the eu flag remind me of space invaders . 
  damn !, 
  that is beautiful !, 
  i like him !, 
  idiot !, 
  good news !, 
  eu going forward !, 
  you missed the point !, 
  they ca n't be our allies cause we are nazis . 
  i 'm always frank !, 
  true . 
  needles to say that this only applies to domesticated animals . 
  it is true . 
  since 883 ad . 
  what is not widely known is that mt athos is dedicated to a woman : virgin mary . 
  the monks there consider themselves as her servants . 
  hahahahhahaha, 
  i really hope he 's talking bullshit . 
  after calling the rest of the world nazis , i wo n't be a surprised if erdogan saved something more spectacular for us ...  abdullah bozkurt : my sources are telling me #turkey intel has escalated clandestine ops in #greece , raising the number of operatives . 
  plotting something ? 
  anyway this conversation is mute . 
  what matters is what they believed and what they thought . 
  the fought for our nation only and no other . 
  they considered themselves greek . 
  that 's by far enough by me . 
  you should consider though why albanians had n't had their own `` arvanites '' . 
  people to fight for them against the ottomans . 
  in fact they themselves did n't feel the need to do so . 
  oh and i 'm not comparing this ti what happened in smyrna . 
  i 'm showing you how much credit some modern historians have . 
  they put their political affiliations and agenda in front of the truth . 
  yes sir !, 
  feta all around !, 
  it 's on me !, 
  * yeayyyy * only 50 more years and we are out of the loop !, 
  oh yes you too !, 
  we love you too !, 
  the problem with kemalists is that while they tried to force westernisation to a society that was alien to such culture very few of them were liberal . 
  the two sides were on one hand right-wing ultra nationalists and on the other conservatives willing to bring back the caliphate . 
  you can modernise a country but you certainly can not westernise it by force and surely not that way . 
  that 's why it did n't last long . 
  democracy did n't have a chance . 
  nope i aint kidding . 
  actually it 's a phenomenon that takes place everywhere a group is a minority for centuries . 
  they can lose their original language , their names change but their ethnic identity does not . 
  it happened to various minorities all around europe . 
  turkish surnames are common even in greeks from mainland ex . 
  \u03a4\u03c3\u03b5\u03bb\u03af\u03ba\u03b7\u03c2 is a common surname that is actually a turkish word : celik . 
  the head of the prefecture in ioannina is name \u039a\u03b1\u03c7\u03c1\u03b9\u03bc\u03ac\u03bd\u03b7\u03c2 . 
  a greek vlach with a turkish word for a surname kahraman . 
  so that alone tells no story on it 's own . 
  as i said dig deeper , much deeper than a lecture presented by one historian . 
  else you 'd come to believe than what happened in smyrna was an `` uncontrolled crowding '' . 
  an * expert * wrote that too and it begs for a nobel price in ridicule . 
  arvanites were a greek minority in albania that sometime moved south . 
  you forget that there were greek minorities even in the north albania in places such a dyrachion , such are some modern day * historians * that wan na go with the flow . 
  what really matters though is that they themselves had a strong greek ethnic feeling . 
  that alone is enough by any standards . 
  as i said , read some of their own memoirs . 
  find them and read them , it will do you good not to rely on what some * experts * say . 
  arvanites fought for the greek nation but would n't fight for the albanians . 
  in fact during byzantine times the turban ( sometimes with feathers too ) was a symbol of wealth . 
  because it was made by silk . 
  a textile very rare and extremely expensive in the rest of europe since byzantines controlled it 's commerce . 
  there was a period that it was forbidden to be exported to the rest of europe too . 
  actually it is a myth . 
  the fact that they spoke an albanian dialect or having albanian surnames tells nothing . 
  many greeks from asia minor lost their language ( for centuries ) and many more greeks from asia minor or even in the mainland still have turkish surnames . 
  so what ? 
  it says nothing at all . 
  they all had ( arvanites included ) strong ethnic greek consciousness . 
  that 's why they actively fought for the greek nation . 
  some of them left memoirs where they do express their pride to be greek . 
  there were in albania a christian minority . 
  where were they along with other albanians to revolt and fight against the ottomans for the liberation of their nation . 
  they never revolt and in fact it 's a question even if they had an ethnic sense since they were so assimilated in the ottoman empire . 
  check your sources and dig deeper . 
  not really . 
  arvanites were speaking albanian but were n't ethnic albanians . 
  that 's why the distinction in the naming . 
  arvanites were ethnic greeks , similar to egyptiotes or pontic greeks that spoke turkish . 
  in fact albanians were perfectly integrated in the ottoman empire since they changed ( the vast majority ) their religion and became muslim . 
  they server in great numbers in the ottoman armies and gained a lot of high places in hierarchy . 
  that 's why albanians - after kastrioti ( who possibly was n't albanian as his name indicates ) never revolt against the ottomans . 
  it 's ridiculous to claim that the sided with us when it 's well documented they fought against us and never revolt themselves . 
  the ottomans were the ones who adopted it, 
  nope !, 
  and that was definitely not one !, 
  the turban was worn by both byzantine men and women , and when the byzantine empire was conquered by the ottoman turks , the turks too began wearing the turban . 
  http://www.martelnyc.com/middle-ages/headwear-of-the-byzantine-empire.html https://annasrome.com/tag/byzantine-hat/,
