  if basic values are not compatible then no it 's not possible . 
  you thought right mate !, 
   we do celebrate christmas on december 25th . 
  in greece too , christmas is on 25th of december . 
  get your facts right please : `` eldorado gold is a canadian low-cost gold producer '' http://www.eldoradogold.com/home/default.aspx, 
  seriously mate , come live with us . 
  you 'd be happier . 
  ps do you happen to know at what temperature the vinegar freezes ? 
  senseless annoyance . 
  since pensions and social spending are so high here , what 's keeping them to come live here . 
  we 've got nice climate , perfect seas and honestly better environment . 
  they 'll be welcome !, 
  massive pensions ? 
  how do ya mean ? 
  very beautiful !, 
  i would happily live there . 
  ours have n't changed at all for thousands of years . 
  forever alone !, 
  awesome !, 
  worry not czech brothers . 
  we know that this is only between idiot politicians . 
  we love you !, 
  spot on !, 
  they deserved the punishment !, 
  i hope the eu wo n't propose to finland joint flights with russia ... 
  he made that statement last march . 
  the immigrant crisis started on late july and caught everyone by surprise . 
  you seem to think that he can tell the future . 
  :p also right after he said those nonsense , he got so slammed by all here that he tried to take them back saying the he meant otherwise etc. 
  and yes he is the minister of defense and that means that he has no saying and no role whatsoever on handling anything about the immigrants . 
  exactly like in germany where the minister of defense has no saying and merkel takes the decisions . 
  got it ? 
  international law . 
  so when fronted or whatever the euro coast guard will be called , is set there , all they will do is rescue them . 
  the answer lies elsewhere : europe should get its shit together and put some serious pressure on those countries ( like pakistan ) that refuse to take back their own ( deported ) nationals . 
  and then start sending people back . 
  all those who do n't come from war torn places . 
  kamenos is a certified nutcake . 
  a few years ago he even asked in parliament for a formal state enquiry about chemtrails . 
  no one - including tsipras ' joke of a gov - takes him seriously . 
  and honestly i do n't think all the accusations coming from europe ( about the immigrant situation ) have anything to do with his nonsense . 
  he made that statement way before there was an immigrant crisis too . 
  to claim otherwise , it 's simply hypocritical . 
  exactly . 
  cause having a strong navy , doesnt help in that situation . 
  one can not use force against migrants . 
  people refuse to understand the obvious and find it easy to put the blame on someone ( greece in this instance ) . 
  i really want to believe this . 
  i am afraid it wo n't work like that though . 
  many of the countries of origin ( pakistan for sure ) doesnt accept their own nationals back . 
  if the eu wo n't solve this problem at once , then i am afraid about my country . 
  as usual , the eu is very late to take action and when it does , it starts with beating the dead horse first ... :(, 
  and immigrants do not come from that point . 
  there isnt a separatist movement in crete . 
  drop them back off sounds like a great idea . 
  but where ? 
  turkey ? 
  doesnt accept them . 
  their countries of origin ? 
  most of them wo n't accept them either . 
  maybe he can arrange a reconciliation party !, 
  there you go : pakistan has announced that it will refuse to take back any of its nationals who are being deported from europe for illegal immigration or terrorism offenses . 
  full article here : on new observer ( a bot removes the comment automatically if i post the link ) also : pakistan has temporarily suspended a 2010 agreement with european union countries that allows them to deport pakistani citizens entering the continent illegally , citing `` blatant misuse . '', 
  http://www.dw.com/en/pakistan-says-it-wont-take-back-migrants-with-criminal-record/a-18836143[2] try not to be so negative and use google yourself when you are in denying mode . 
  google is not only easy it 's your friend too . 
  all i 'm saying is that countries of origin ( and not only pakistan ) usually dont accept their own nationals back . 
  if - and i wish so - afganistan , accepts them back then afganistan will be the exception . 
  many of the immigrants have no passports so that is used as an excuse by their countries of origin , to not take them back . 
  yeah but returning those who are in europe already is a whole different story ... as i said , good luck . 
  i really hope it will work . 
  good luck with that . 
  just today pakistan did n't allow 30 pakistani immigrants expelled from greece to disembark from the plane . 
  eu must work really hard to put pressure on those countries to accept back their own nationals . 
  there you go mate : https://media.giphy.com/media/7qv3yswt0k8hi/giphy.gif, 
  we better start soon then . 
  it does n't help kicking the can down the road as is the main political action in the eu . 
  yes s300 are defensive . 
  i said that . 
  as for imia , they are indeed greek and there lots of proof about it . 
  nato has it ( the proof ) , italy has it ( the former owner ) , the us agrees with us etc. 
  but then again , only moments ago you mentioned how financial great would be for turkey if it takes more islands . 
  that narrative alone ( unfortunately shared by many there ) is reason enough to look after our defenses . 
  greece bought the s300 missiles for defense only . 
  we are not disputing your lands . 
  we are not threatening anyone with war . 
  as for that : | extending our rule to more islands = great financial source because of tourism it doesnt sound much different from robbery ... it 's like saying '' i will rob you from your valuables cause it 's financially good for me '' is that you are after ? 
  is that you are proud of ? 
  | the ones greece put on crete after we threatened them ? 
  honestly dude ... you take pride in that ? 
  giving threats to neighbors ? 
  what good does that do to you ? 
  to the common turkish citizen ? 
  should n't be struggling to better your life ? 
  to check the government so it gives all that you deserve ? 
  freedom , justice etc. 
  instead you fall for these nonsense ? 
  `` lets dispute greek islands '' , `` lets threaten them '' etc ? 
  do n't you see that this is the way to control and manipulate you ? 
  and lower your living standards ? 
  i for one have no enemies in turkey and i wish the turkish people all the best .
