  that is not the case for major banks or even the ecb !, 
  ecb is not releasing papers even to parliaments or the eu, 
  you give me too much credit mate !, 
  i cant point to a third way myself . 
  every single economist around the world , nobel prize holders included and lately the imf itself point on the 3rd way : aka the necessity of a debt relief else the math doesnt add . 
  i only put my trust on them . 
  blah blah blah ... 
  nothing though on your comment about romanians and bulgarians . 
  liar !, 
  most prolly . 
  also lagarde 's rivals, 
  it is not about what i or everyone else is thinking . 
  it 's mathematics . 
  i have no way on chosing but that doesnt mean i cant think . 
  neither !, 
  what i would expect is that we should be given the time to correct things and start paying the debt at a more logical way . 
  i would expect to be given support to grow our economy cause a growing economy can pay debts rather than enforcing a set of programs that create a spiral to death . 
  i would expect logic to prevail . 
   and all local banks are under very rigid observation and control of our central bank , with strict rules put on them . 
  do you think that those banks ( behind the loans and bailouts of greece portugal spain and ireland ) are under any observation as we speak ? 
  beware : clicking the following links will give you quite a shock . 
  '' ** in the past year deutsche , like many international banks , have been found to have been engaged in a slew of corrupt practices from manipulation of interest rates , for which the firm was fined $ 2.5 billion in april , to tax evasion and money laundering to `` mis-selling '' of derivatives ** . '', 
  `` deutsche bank 's derivatives position is truly enormous . 
  i ** t was recently estimated to be around $ 54 trillion . 
  ** ** germany 's gdp , the fourth largest in the world , was a mere $ 3.64 trillion in 2015 ** . 
  were deutsche bank caught off-side in its derivatives positions there is not a government or institution on earth that could bail it out and it could lead to contagion in the german financial system and indeed in the global financial system . 
  the contagion from such an event would be devastating . 
  it ** is for this reason that warren buffet described derivatives as wmd or `` financial weapons of mass destruction . 
  ** '' http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/article50999.html http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2012/05/top-derivatives-expert-finally-gives-a-credible-estimate-of-the-size-of-the-global-derivatives-market.html lets stop being naives for a change . 
  even the imf nowadays are examining how can they stop banks giving `` reckless '' loans and then out of the sudden decide to pull the plug and brink economies down . 
  google is your friend , use it . 
  lastly nope !, 
  i dont suppose we should let major banks to go down ( that would be the capitalist way ... btw ) but ffs at least lets make them pay for their part of the responsibility and stop pointing fingers to nations . 
  i agree they shouldnt have . 
  they seemed happy to step in using tax payers money and bail out reckless private banks , in the name of greece , portugal , spain and ireland and then pass the bill to the citizens of those countries . 
  a shame . 
  too late!you bought him now !, 
  gib us 50 bil please . 
  grexactly !, 
  only if they go to german banks !, 
  you have considered nothing on what i replied earlier . 
  fine by me but dont ask me to buy the crap '' * eu tries to find a way that would be least painful for greece * '' . 
  the only thing eu 's done for greeks , spaniards , portuguese and irish , was to save reckless private banks and send them the bill . 
  i guess you dont follow the news lately , even mainstream media 've started to recognize that . 
  idiot !, 
  honesty requires for one to be better than those who critizes . 
  especially if he doesnt criticized his own first . 
  but that 's rather forgotten nowadays . 
   people in greece are still much richer than bulgarians or romanians . 
  yet , people in greece demand that those countries send them free cash . 
  wtf !, 
  are romania and bulgaria among them ? 
  are they ? 
  so why commenting about them as if greece is asking money from them ? 
  what is happening ? 
  are you a liar or an idiot ? 
  when what you know is that the * `` eu is trying to save greece and greece resists * '' then you should really try to find out more . 
  the first thing to do is try to find `` why do these idiots resist being saved '' . 
  then you might find cause they are not being saved and that 's why they resist . 
  what you 'll find might surprise you . 
  his moment of glory only under the light that he persuaded the majority to take his advice and vote as he recomended . 
  their thinking is - and is not without logic - that no deal should be approved if it isnt viable . 
  the fact that every deal so far wasnt truly addressing the problem but rather hide it under the carpet gives his view some credit . 
  even imf came lately to admit that without debt restructuring any deal will fail sooner or later . 
  in fact many at the imf are now asking lagarde to explain how she failed to do so from the very beginning . 
  so those people are not giving the finger to anyone , nor are they celebrating their courageous deaths . 
  they state that sacrifices without end and with no viable goal are not what they want . 
  since you dont care what other albanians do with their taxes what makes you feel entitled to make comments for the greeks ? 
  i hope so ... 
  else it seems to getting to be grotesque and tragicomic . 
  no it wouldnt !, 
  it always matters who makes a criticism . 
  to pretend it doesnt is pure hypocrisy or at least shallow understanding . 
  i am not one of his voters and disliked many of his acts . 
  we have to be honest though : he did make some serious points that everyone pretended that wasnt there . 
  he also made those points widely known , so hardly an incompetend . 
  and finaly to step down on your personal moment of glory takes lots of guts . 
  nah my glass is in pieces mate ... 
  he didnt take tsipras with him though :(, 
  i came to the conclusion that they both are neophytes ( hence a bit strong in their views ) and dont understand capitalism at the same time . 
  they think capitalism is only the neo liberalism chicago school of thought . 
  they 've never experienced another version of it as we have in the 80s or 70s . 
  also they dont realize that greece ( and portugal , spain and ireland ) suffered exactly because capitalist rules were not applied . 
  they dont see that if capitalism were applied then the reckless private banks would colapse and the debts wouldnt have been made public . 
  they dont see that banks are being bail out and not these countries . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjkvm6yc_za ( clearly stated 6:35 and on ) . 
  also , they think that europe is making favors to greece and not to them . 
  again they fail to understand what capitalism is and how it works . 
  what is being done is damage control and not favors . 
  it simply is cheaper to help than not to . 
  there 's no limit . 
  having ~ ~ centuries ~ ~ millenia experience on the matter we can free act as we go . 
  he might have a few valid points and all the good intentions in the world but i am affraid , that isnt enough . 
  he isnt a politician and he goes around pissing everyone off . 
  hardly a productive way to meet your goals . 
  it 's hunting season for greeks , it seems . 
  hell i cried laughing seeing an albanian making remarks about tax evasion when in their country even collecting bills for utilities ( electric power etc. ), 
  is a challenge . 
  i have no problem with albanians , but hell some self awareness would n't be a bad idea for some . 
   yet , people in greece demand that those countries send them free cash .
