  you are repsonsible for the refugee wave we are facing '' . 
  no , it isnt that simple . 
  what would collapsed would be imports . 
  the state could keep on factiong by taking extra measures : stamps for food etc. 
  i know it would have been hell . 
  what puzzles me though is that after all that happened , still no sollution is to be seen and bankruptcy is the likely outcome . 
  if by `` greece '' you are reffering to greeks , then yes , no one forced us to live beyond our means . 
  did we know that though ? 
  the point is that even that we had democratically elected governments to say that the people had full control on every decision they took is retarded ( to say the least ) . 
  even about the 2 bailouts , we - the people - werent asked . 
  so yeah they 've been forced on us . 
  last summer 's referendum proved it . 
  as for your `` logic '' saying that the governments are '' * good reflection of the greek people then * '' is beyong stupid . 
  it 's the same `` logic '' al qaeda used when bombed london . 
  `` tony blair was democratically elected so the british people are equally responsible for his actions and lies hence we kill indiscriminately '' . 
  you seem to have the same reasoning . 
  idiot . 
  no we wouldnt got money from anyone . 
  but are we getting any now ? 
  that 5 % while being asked to ruin whatever is left of the economy ? 
  these help programs are ruing the economy . 
  many economists pointed it , even the imf ( lately ) started to mention it . 
  so no we wouldnt get any help but we 'd have the prospect of building the economy . 
  as things are now , there is no such prospect . 
  i dont know if other ez states would have collapsed . 
  as it is , i am affraid - and i dearly hope it 's not the case - they will at some point . 
  the system is flawed and there 's no interest on fixing it . 
  the greek banks have collapsed . 
  they wont give you your money ( capital controls ) , they wont help the economy ( loans to businesses etc ) . 
  we are bankrupt . 
  that 's a fact . 
  had we gone full bankrupt at the start of the crisis , things would be much better now . 
  as it is , after all these years of suffering things are getting worse and there 's no solution on the horizon . 
  kicking the can down the road might work for everyone else but surely not for us . 
  it 's just a slow burn . 
   living beyond your means , in a lot of debt and facing bankruptcy and i lend you money . 
  where does the money end up going ? 
   to the people you owe money too . 
  in our case we 've been forced to take that loans , in order to pay the european banks . 
  dont get me wrong it is our governments that messed things up , and we have to pay not only for chosing bad governments ( it is our fault ) and also pay the loans . 
  what is unacceptable though , is that as much as our governments were incompetent ( to say the least ) , so much were the banks/bankers that gave those loans . 
  yet the bankers continue to take their bonuses and we continue to take all the moral and economic cost . 
  ie we 've been called everything from lazy to lying thieves and we got ta pay all the loans and bonuses too . 
  cant complaing though ... such is life and we better take that lesson ( and protect our interests better from now on ) . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i thought i 've read all the stupid arguments about this case but seriously you topped them all !, 
  they are [ there ] ( http://www.theacropolismuseum.gr/en ) . 
  airplane seats are terrible but better still than those on coaches . 
  so besides austria , germany , greece and italy ... all other european governments find ttip fine ? 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm 1.92 and i would like to add : - hotel beds are short . 
  - never ever take the coach . 
  the seats hate you and you 'll need yoga and painkillers at the end of the journey - cinema seats are fine for about 10 mins . 
  better wait and rent the move on br - bathroom mirrors are too low . 
  shaving requires gymnastics, 
  nope !, 
  it 's czechoslovenia . 
  geography is n't your forte mate !, 
  the satellite photo you see is not taken at the time the fires were most intense . 
  you see the fire at euboea too . 
  at the time euboea was burning , the hight of the catastrophe in peloponese had already passed ( a few days earlier ) . 
  i remember that night were more than 200 fires simultaneously lit in peloponese . 
  the next day we learned about the deaths in zaharo . 
  a very nice country on the alps . 
  for some minor fires ( that did n't cause victims ) that happened that summer they did catch some . 
  for the major ones that caused the victims and that were planned arsons they did n't . 
  at the time the government left us to understand that there were strong indications a neighbouring country was involved . 
  see this : http://www.businessinsider.com/turkey-greece-yilmaz-2011-12 and this : http://www.ekathimerini.com/137956/article/ekathimerini/news/former-turkish-pms-arson-admission-fuels-anger but as you said it 's very difficult to prove something like that . 
  60 deaths because of these fires ... at one point the front was about 80kms long . 
  they were certainly arson . 
   be happy , sunny and flourishing !, 
  to you too good neighbours !, 
  very disturbing ... :(, 
  that is right . 
  the vast majority of albanians have assimilated properly and are good and honest people . 
  people that do their jobs take care about their families and get along pretty well with us . 
  albanians in general are no problem . 
  that is why i talked about albanian criminals and not albanian people . 
  during the political turmoil in albania in the 90s many of them ( criminals ) left the prisons and head here . 
  you are not alone ... 
  it 's very rare to hear about a polish criminal here . 
  very rare . 
  there are polish people here but they do just fine with us . 
  the same is happening here . 
  in violent crime though the leaders by far are georgians . 
  we 've seen some crimes that we 've never seen before . 
  second in the distance are albanian criminals . 
  one needs to try very hard to make it that bad !, 
  i 'm sorry for you guys . 
  beautiful !, 
  dont worry mate !, 
  by the looks of it , it wont be long till half of it will become bulgaria and the rest albania . 
  well ours is from 1821 , so deffo a copy pasta !, 
  sure . 
  half the time since our independence we were at war though . 
  hardly a situation that let you prosper ... we had many greek - turkish wars , balkan wars , ww1 , ww2 , a civil war ... my own grandpa took part in three of them . 
  the rest of the time , we have to arm ourselves to the teeth . 
   ... aaaand apparently another rip-off ? 
  any resemblance with the [ arizona flag ] ( http://www.statesymbolsusa.org/sites/statesymbolsusa.org/files/styles/large/public/primary-images/arizonaflagofarizonastateflag.jpg?itok=dhlelhah ) is purely coincidental . 
  shhh shhh shhhht !,
