  nothing that was done all these years was developmental so to reduce the risk of a default . 
  everything was about saving banks . 
  that is not how capitalism works too . 
  it was kicking the can down the road and the situation keeps getting worse . 
  so there, 
  they are not allowed to make any reforms is they are not first approved by the troika . 
  troika ( or institutions as now are called ) wo n't discuss anything before the program they propose will be agreed . 
  please check it out and you will see that this is the truth . 
  be informed . 
  dear neighbor , now that you are part of our western eu family you will soon learn that hypocrisy reigns . 
  with love your south neighbors . 
  why such nonsense ? 
  if you do n't have something to say then it 's better to shut up than telling such vile lies . 
  what do you think greece 's been doing for so long ? 
  fyi since last august not even a cent was given to greece , yet greece met every fucking payment so far . 
  idiot !, 
  what happened the last 5 years wo n't happen again . 
  what happened is that with those bail outs we were crippled so some banks that gave money to some incompetent and corrupt governments would be saved . 
  we would have been much better now had we defaulted back then . 
  so even if the creditors would want something like that , it wo n't happen . 
  this is n't capitalism . 
  if some bank makes a bad decision then it should pay for that and be rescued by states . 
  this is simply a lie . 
  it 's precisely the kicking the can down the road with bail out after bail out that syriza is against for . 
  they have said it over and over again : they wo n't sign anything that keep the same situation in place . 
  one moment are the bad boys that wo n't sign an agreement and take the bail out and the next are the bad boys that want bail outs for ever ? 
  really people how can you be so trapped to this negativity . 
  thank you sir !, 
  how dare you say that ? 
  have n't you heard ? 
  us greeks are natural born liars ( and lazybones ) . 
  how can i not be an oskar prize level actor ? 
  their fortune is not money that sit in a bank account . 
  ` their fortune is mainly assets as land etc. 
  and who exactly pay their debts ? 
  they are only `` rolling '' them into the future . 
  enough with this mantra . 
  the crisis started when we had a debt at 116 % of the gdp . 
  if it was reduced to 98 % everything would be fine and dandy now and you would n't be talking about the greeks `` that do n't wan na pay their debts '' . 
  but hey troika had a great plan . 
  now the debt is at a whopping 180 % and if an agreement is made ( as the troika wants ) it 'll be at 200 % pretty soon . 
  and you 'll come back even angrier and snider with them greeks . 
  hind : take a look at other ez economies that are doing `` well and dandy '' and find out who have atm a debt ration larger than 116 % . 
  you have to give it to them though : they stick to the original plan ( even though they know it 's destructive ! ), 
  shhh shhh shhhh !!!!, 
  awww !, 
  now the secret is out !, 
  fine !, 
  do you feel better ? 
  cant you keep your mouth shut ? 
  awwww ... 
  i 'm busted !, 
  well i am worried . 
  very stressed and very pessimistic . 
  wan na see the whole picture and how things are getting out of hand ? 
  read this : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11687229/greek-debt-crisis-is-the-iraq-war-of-finance.html thats the driving forces . 
  yeah i 'm scared shitless . 
  i am and i am . 
  :( i am sure though ( fingers crossed ) he does n't mean it and its just some talk . 
  with what you say in this post i can fully agree . 
  there is a huge problem though and there lies the hypocrisy . 
  you say that in the case of greece it is not a matter of quantity but rather on `` quality '' . 
  what is exactly that markets see and the impact is disproportionate than that of an economy of 1.5 % ? 
  they do n't have a problem with shit greece 's done . 
  they knew all along . 
  greece is insignificant . 
  what they see is lack of interest . 
  not for greece but luck of interest for the whole concept . 
  the lisbon treaty showed * signs * of interest but is that enough ? 
  will the world wait for us to come together ? 
  did putin wait for europe to integrate before annexing crimea ? 
  he sees that member states interests are in conflict to each other and takes advantage of it . 
  he know that poland can be bypassed , he knows the we ( greece ) need every single dime etc. 
  did europe wait to integrate before deciding to change the status quo in africa ? 
  yeah gaddafi was a prick but now with the void that europe itself created there ... more people die in the mediterranean than those in the hands of a mad dictator . 
  and when some european countries were eager to bomb the shit out of gaddafi did n't they know the pressure they would put on the shoulders of other states ? 
  they surely knew but the said `` fuck it !, 
  i have an interest there ! '', 
  exactly the same way greece abused its privilege of being part of the ez . 
  but europe has the right to point the finger to greece and say `` you scum fucked us with your dishonesty and now you want us to pay '' . 
  can greece say to france for instance `` you scum fucked us by bombing libya and now you wants to follow the dublin accord '' etc. 
  see ? 
  the world doesnt and wont wait for the pace europeans are willing to have to integrate and have one common interest like the us have . 
  we keep on pretending as if we do though . 
  that 's what the markets see . 
  i have something like 250 something euros . 
  nonsense !, 
  greece might have abused its place but to say that greece is tearing europe apart is utterly ridiculous . 
  the 1.5 % of eu economy is never enough . 
  ridiculous to say so . 
  but fuck the economic woes of greece . 
  how do you explain the `` solidarity '' when it comes to immigration ? 
  is that also because some irresponsible member state fucked it up ? 
  who is the irresponsible one in this case ? 
  who is abusing the treaties ? 
  what is being asked to italy and greece to do about that ? 
  to shut up and deal with the problem on their own ? 
  how does this show that all these states deserve to be part of a group and not part of a joke ? 
  the baltics refused , france refused , the uk refused the quota ? 
  where 's their responsibility to the group when hiding behind the dublin accord ?
