  bankers went to prison too . 
  here they take fat bonuses for their catastrophic decisions . 
  this is also false . 
  corruption is part of being human . 
  the degree of it is what varies from human to human . 
  proof : there was no socialist government that wasnt corrupted incredibly more than those in capitalism . 
  that mantra of the socialist theories about making the `` new soviet '' human etc. 
  was proved to be disastrous in terms of human lives . 
  no law is needed my friend . 
  what is needed is that governments should/must not intervene . 
  let them face the crap alone . 
  this way everyone is protected . 
  me , from politicians that would do everything do win an election , you from politicians that use your money to save banks . 
  those banks have no consequences at all . 
  the us gave a good example on that . 
  in capitalism things are self-regulated . 
  it 's this travesty we have that creates problems : no true capitalism , not a socialism or even social democracy too . 
  not really . 
  we supposedly live in capitalism . 
  as far as i know a bank is business like all else . 
  if a bank makes a bad call or takes a `` miscalculated '' risk , then the bank should pay for its mistake . 
  those banks provided loans to corrupt governments that borrowed like mad . 
  should i pay for that ? 
  certainly !, 
  i must pay for what is my part of the mistake . 
  not all of it . 
  has anyone asked those banks to do the 1/1000 th of what is asked to the greek people to do ? 
  so no my friend , rules do exist and if the banks knew they would have to follow them to the end i would also be protected from the actions of corrupt/catastrophic governments . 
  it the fact that the same rules do not apply to all , that cause the problems . 
  what we 've seen was that the banks were saved with german ( not only ) tax payers money and the bill was passed to the greeks . 
  sorry but capitalism doesnt work this way . 
  the situation here is certainly the same ( people are very disappointed with the choices and options ) . 
  nope !, 
  both greek and albanian are indo-european languages but their are different branches on the tree . 
  hurry up though as pretty soon it 's going to be a blast !, 
  you need to be swift . 
  http://image.minyanville.com/assets/dailyfeed/uploadimage/102610/trading_floor_1288099900.jpg oh !, 
  and beside the sun and warm weather , there 's a friendly population too !, 
  so it looks like a good deal for you . 
  feel free to use it to your heart 's content . 
  the closest word in english is `` wanker '' and everyone knows about `` malaka '' . 
  so you can freely use `` malaka '' for situations you 'd have to use `` wanker '' . 
  probably you are right . 
  it feels very strange to us though as nothing like that exists in our language . 
  the closest think to what you describe as `` a clear up '' to our language happened during hellenistic times ( after alexander the great 's death ) . 
  and that wasnt about inconsistencies but rather the adoption of the attic dialect as the formal one . 
  other dialects continued to exist and the same differences still exist in various places in greece . 
  i come from epirus ( nw mainland ) where the attributes of the dorian dialect still exist and are in use . 
  are you interested on an island or two ? 
  sunny , warm places and the price is right atm . 
  true !, 
  german humor is no laughing matter . 
  which is something you should be grateful for . 
  an easy disarmarment , world peace and all that jazz . 
  squirrel is easy . 
  hahahaha in greek we have both articles and suffixes !, 
  cant get more precise than that when you want to describe something . 
   inconsistent spelling this !, 
  i guess it 's the price to pay when the alphabet they use came from another language ( latin ) and so it ca n't reproduce all the sounds . 
  then obscure rules come in to help . 
  well albanians and greeks are the oldest nations in the region . 
  you forget the greek . 
  ahahahaha `` creative '' arguing at its best . 
  any facts about it ? 
  nope !, 
  but plenty sure none the less . 
  do n't let them facts stop you : '' but by mentioning financing , the imf also wanted to signal is exasperation at european governments ' refusal to discuss debt relief for greece , without which imf officials say the country 's finances simply wo n't be sustainable . '', 
  the bail out agreement is not full even by imf 's understanding . '', 
  but by mentioning financing , the imf also wanted to signal is exasperation at european governments ' refusal to discuss debt relief for greece , without which imf officials say the country 's finances simply wo n't be sustainable . '', 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/12/eurozone-greece-imf-idusl5n0yy2a720150612 so why anyone should make a deal on something that wo n't work ? 
  pah !, 
  well imf is asking about it too . 
  maybe they know something : http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/12/eurozone-greece-imf-idusl5n0yy2a720150612, 
  samaras was the head of the government until january . 
  the current government ( i am not their supporter btw ) did n't roll back those reforms . 
  this is wrong . 
  you should also know that there 's a limit on how many reforms can be made on a society in such a short notice . 
  not on the political level but on the level of economy etc. 
  many have pointed this worldwide . 
  also all these reforms were dictated by the troika . 
  literally . 
  they were approved and applied as laws which have gone to the parliament to be voted with two only choices : yes or no !, 
  no room for discussion , change or anything . 
  members of parliament that belonged to samara 's government stated time and again that they literally did not know what they were voting for as there was no time . 
  these reforms were the ones that troika wanted and we were not allowed to make anyother ( reforms ) that were not part of those packages . 
  tax reform included . 
  please dig deeper to find more info than what is being presented by the mainstream media such as tv or newspapers . 
  * sigh *, 
  this is simply wrong . 
  please be informed . 
  too late i 'm afraid . 
  #yawn # mmmm what ? 
  omg !, 
  this is a new one !, 
  absolutely !, 
  our language although very old and continuously in use changed very little over time . 
  i can read thucydides from the original text , with no problem ( although not easy as pie ) . 
  herodotus is child 's play . 
  there are words and expressions in modern greek that are the same with the homeric language . 
  many reasons for that : - our language is extremely rich and also has great `` plasticity '' so it feels like a serious downgrade for us to use/adopt a foreign language .
