  check it out for yourself . 
  also what good does it make to explain that it is about a show to a foreigner when even in our country are people that believe it 's about a channel . 
  also kammenos at first he did talk about a channel . 
  afterwards he changed his narrative when realized how ridiculous ppl found his idea . 
  the truth is that ** a tv channel ** wo n't happen , a show might ( and that 's not certain either ) . 
  try to keep up please . 
  thank you !, 
  i try - not always with success - to be on the funny side of things . 
  we are going down anyway so why not go down laughing ? 
  :d ps felines should rule the world . 
  they 'd never make such a mess !, 
  even the grecian ones !, 
  what high horse ? 
  i have n't been on my high horse yet lugubrious laggard , although you started with highly elegant and clever expressions like `` drama queen of europe '' . 
  it is your privilege to be impolite and ninny but be surprised if people start to treat you as one . 
  get it ? 
  ps all this started cause you respond to a post i wrote , without even reading it . 
  yeah , hence i said it wo n't happen . 
  there are plenty here and abroad that think it is about a channel, 
  as i said ... it 's obvious that you are here to `` unload '' . 
  did you read anything i wrote in this thread ? 
  if you did then you 'd see that nope i do n't think it 's a good idea to elect a populist party like syriza . 
  quite the contrary actually . 
  but why should you read anything ? 
  do n't let what i 've already said to stop you think that i say the exact opposite . 
  seeing the flair is enough for you to start throwing on me idiotic statement like `` pay you debt '' , `` you fucked it up '' : etc. 
  surely you do n't think that it never crossed our minds yes ? 
  it is you `` captain obvious '' that needs to come and enlighten us for what is obvious . 
  and you keep on going without reading anything and you keep on sounding like some agony aunt telling us what has been said a billion times before ... jesus !, 
  good point sir !, 
  arrogant does where arrogant is due . 
  if you hit me with cliches and your reason to be here is to be snide so you feel better then do n't complain if you get it back . 
  also i would have bet that the brick wall would be the one to annoy you and not the sweetie pie . 
   plot twist ... money doesn \u00b4 t grow on trees ... omg !, 
  that is a shocker !!!, 
  are you sure ? 
  totally and undeniably sure ?!?!, 
  i 'm having a panic attack as we speak . 
  in greece there is nothing similar to hartz iv as is in germany for example . 
  that means that some that are a few years before getting their proper pension , due to their age , unemployment etc are forced to get highly reduced early pension for the luck of any other social benefit . 
  as a result it falsely looks as if the average age for mention is lower than it truly is and of course the expense is included in the pension one . 
  there was an article from `` der spiegel '' debunking that myth . 
  here is the link ( in greek ) http://www.tribune.gr/economy/news/article/147937/spiegel-mithos-i-ellines-sintaxiouchi-politelias.html you can either use google translate or look up for the original one in german . 
  or maybe a greek redditor might translate it . 
  nice that we clarify it mate !, 
  no harm done !, 
  yet the point was never about `` communists '' whatever anyone thinks `` communists '' are . 
  the point is about ez and what acceptance is has in the general public . 
  again keep going on sweetie pie !, 
  no problem by me . 
  i wo n't keep up though cause it 's feels like talking to a [ brick wall ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reukc83czys ) :d, 
   re than 44 % of greeks voted for `` communists '' . 
  flawed analysis . 
  the only parties that are 100 % anti-euro are kke ( stalinists on the verge to finally become extinct ) , anel ( working with gov ) and golden dawn . 
  syriza voters are a different and hugely larger group than syriza followers . 
  many of them voted for syriza because syriza assured them , they 'll stay in the ez . 
  true syriza followers are about 7 % ( of the electorate ) and even half of them are pro- euro . 
  so there . 
  they are average normal people . 
  that 's why they are treated as if they were n't from people that follow populists . 
  as i said , its too damn early for another circle jerk round . 
  you know `` drama queen of europe '' , '' trying to postpone the inevitable '' , `` the people were not lied '' etc. 
  people were lied in your country too enormously . 
  hint : if you have n't got it yet , focus on the corruption levels your country is fighting ( which are more serious than ours btw ) . 
  so you better not be as dismissive and snide where there is not ground for you to do so . 
  as for the rest blanket statements i do n't feel the need to answer them . 
  it 's ok by me if you want to live with them . 
  `` postponing the inevitable '' is something you completely failed to understand . 
  yet you use with confidence . 
  you see when some of us say `` fuckit !, 
  it 's better to default '' many others ( germany included ) call it extortion . 
  when we do n't , you come along and call us drama queens so what a default is my clever sweetie pie ? 
  - a blackmail we terrible greeks do to others ? 
  or - a recklessness and stupidity that the nasty greeks have the nerve to try to avoid ? 
  stop adapting cliches you see online . 
  they make you stop thinking . 
  you might feel better as if having an anger therapy but none more clever . 
  thank you for your kindness . 
  it 's rare for us nowadays to be treated with such . 
  am not an economist myself too . 
  these statistics though show only half the truth . 
  there is no analysis on what numbers actually represent and mean . 
  as i told you , there was a very good article from spiegel debunking that myth with analysis . 
  i will try to find and post it . 
  i have it only in a greek translation an i do n't think it would help if google translate were used . 
  ps you might not be from an ez country and as you say the local media do n't go nuts about the subject , the thing though is that most media in the largest eu economies have indeed go bunkers and therefore no one is insulated from whatever ( good or bad ) info they pass around . 
  i am afraid you are right . 
  whatever happens to my country , i do not wish for the rest of the ez to go our way . 
  i really hope they will do better , much better than us . 
  unfortunately that demographic bomb is ready to go off almost everywhere in europe . 
  certainly in my country it is . 
  thank you very much for your kindness !, 
  for the good of countries like portugal and italy i hope it is so . 
  i hope that the markets act on a good belief and not like vultures . 
  as for the rest , many things have been said about greece 's wrongs on its economy ( and there were many wrongs ) but equally many are blown out of proportion and are simply myths : i.e. 
  pensions low age etc. 
  just read the latest spiegel article on the matter and how it proves it is a myth . 
  a lie of the highest order . 
  the way this crisis was presented by the media all these years , made everyone an economist .
