  it is horrible . 
  for me it was quite a shock . 
  honestly . 
  i came to believe that europe is not ready , europe does not want to become one . 
  once the external enemy ( read ussr ) was gone ... european `` spirit '' was lost too . 
  that is a self defeating argument . 
  cause if member states can become `` tertiary '' then the eu is no more . 
  please check what the eu is all about . 
  it is exactly the opposite of what you describe . 
  thank you for you good feelings , but i am afraid that nothing is solved . 
  i 'm sure the reforms will be implemented - it is for the 1st time a unanimous decision here - but in reality they wo n't solve the true problem . 
  the same goes with others like portugal ... 
  they suffered an has austerity ( although not as severe as ours ) , the implemented the reforms so now they out in the markets to ... borrow again with low interest rates . 
  so their debt that is now 130 % of the gdp will grow in a slower rate . 
  unemployment is at 12.9 % , trade balance is -1.08 billion euros , government budget -4.05 % of gdp , consumer confidence -20 etc. 
  more data here : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/indicators how can this be the solution ? 
  if you check the economy , unfortunately it is not out of the woods . 
  is portugal 's economy now competitive to german ? 
  or dutch ? 
  is there an export production established ? 
  what is there to prevent a new crisis ? 
  is the environment there productive enough to make it competitive with the best in the union ? 
  the real problem is elsewhere and it will emerge again . 
  for greece , for portugal , for everyone in the south . 
  the solutions are only two : - permanent fiscal transfers - re introducing a national currency none of these two are acceptable by anyone , the problem is there and is growing . 
  if nothing is done one thing is sure eu destruction . 
  call me pessimist but that is my opinion . 
  amen too !, 
  a greek !, 
  thank you for taking the time to research and respond . 
  kudos to you sir !, 
  we may disagree but you have earned my respect !, 
  on the topic . 
  i think that without a solid plan for debt cut or even restructuring , everything is just kicking the can down the road . 
  lets forget greece for a moment . 
  lets see what happens to a success story like portugal . 
  they 've gone through austerity , implemented the reforms they were asked and now they are again out in the markets able to borrow at low costs . 
  not a small achievement . 
  and people in portugal had to suffer to get it done . 
  but ... how is the problem solved ? 
  debt is at 130 % of the gdp . 
  unemployment is at 12.9 % , trade balance is -1.08 billion euros , government budget -4.05 % of gdp , consumer confidence -20 etc. 
  more data here : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/indicators how can this be called a success ( and not postponing the problem ) ? 
  is portugal 's eeconomy now competitive to german ? 
  or dutch ? 
  is there an export production established ? 
  what is there to prevent a new crisis ? 
  is the environment there productive enough to make it competitive with the best in the union ? 
  in the end there are only two viable solutions : - permanent fiscal tranfers ( as happens in every area that shares a common currency ) , so it gives portugal the prospect of becoming becoming competitive . 
  - exit from the euro , re-introduction of a national currency so portugal has a tool to use to become competitive . 
  as it is the system is seriously flawed . 
  not only on the euro itself but on what has become to the eu itself . 
  in the union all members are supposedly with equal voice . 
  that does not exist anymore . 
  and no , it is not because of the `` evil '' germans . 
  no german i ever met was evil . 
  quite the contrary and i have many german friends . 
  some very close to me . 
  it happened because we do have official bodies like the european parliament that are incomplete ( no real power ) although they are voted by the people and on the other hand we have an unofficial body like the eurogroup that takes the serious decisions . 
  in the eurogroup , there is no equality among the members . 
  the stronger economies have the final saying not matter what the smaller ones think . 
  this surely can not go on for long . 
  as far as i see it the richer economies do n't even want to hear about fiscal transfers . 
  they are in it cause it 's profitable and have no intention to change the status quo . 
  the weaker economies , will continue to bleed . 
  where does that leave us ? 
  sooner or later countries will want to get out and that will be the end of euro . 
  i am a pessimist but i think this is how things will evolve . 
  indeed it is !, 
  gift ? 
  you can have our place . 
  the question is should you want it ? 
  thank you !, 
  nice , so now we can talk on some basis . 
  this is the 4th economy of the world , one that was greatly favored by treaties to become an export power , one that spend almost nothing on its defense ( others provided it ) etc. 
  https://www.cesifo-group.de/ifohome/facts/time-series-and-diagrams/diagram-service/oeffentliche-finanzen/chart-government_net_financial_balance_in_procent_of_gdp_in_germany/main/0/imagebinary/oes-finanzierungssaldo-e-13.gif feel much proud ? 
  look it for yourself . 
  google is your friend . 
  you can start with your own . 
  historically all countries had deficits . 
  all . 
  always . 
  as for paying down our debts , we try to do that . 
  having said that , some countries that always run deficits did not pay their debts . 
  i know of one that after destroying europe ( for the second time ) got its debt cut to 50 % . 
  not only that , but those that were hurt by its terrible actions agreed that the rest of the 50 % of the debt would be paid ** only ** by its exports/surpluses and not by stressing its people further . 
  that way if anyone wanted for the debts to be paid they had to buy its products hence helping that country even more . 
  how about all other countries ? 
  did you check their history too ? 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i apologize mate !, 
  too much bashing gets you to lose it some times . 
  again i apologize . 
  lol go on keep on with this ... 
  i wo n't follow you , i got better things to do . 
   greece has historically been a part of russia i laughed out loud with this . 
  when was greece part of russia ? 
  seriously this were not only bad in history but also terrible in geography too . 
  that 's bad news ? 
  how about this , then : second gas pipeline under baltic in the works 19.06.2015 11:12 russian energy giant gazprom this week signed a letter of intent with shell , e.on and omv to work on the second pipeline under the baltic sea to germany .
