  now you have 2 choices : * keep paying your mortgage * keep providing food to your children . 
  what would you do ? 
  since i dont think it 's possible that there is such a lowlife on this planet that would prefer to keep his bank credibilty over his children , i suppose you are only a dumb fuck that has a shallow understanding of reality yet feels completely justified to pass judgements . 
  seriously , get a grip . 
  well western europe mingled in ukraine 's affairs , promised a lot and left them out hanging to dry . 
  seriously now , if it wasnt for the us we 'd be talking about berlin now if it is `` representative of the continent of europe '' since berlin cant be secured with broomsticks . 
  philipou is just doing his business the best way he thinks . 
  the law gives him the right to do so . 
  if there is something unethical about it , is that inside the ez there 's too much blame towards tax-evading greeks while tax havens like luxembourg * are safe ( from any criticism ) to carry on with it business . 
  at least philipou is having a healthy firm and the people that work for him will keep their jobs during this mess . . ( * others too ), 
  oh the bad usa again ... 
  but when in danger : `` why do n't the us do something ? 
  '' , `` oh save us america '' etc is echoing across the continent ... 
  they also did n't close any factory/operations in greece . 
  they are just very successful and expand their business abroad . 
  what 's `` unethical '' and `` unpatriotic '' ffs ? 
  that they built a factory in the us to meet the demand there ? 
  are you serious ? 
  its the best . 
  here too !, 
  it 's also more practical . 
  you dont have to remember each person 's bday . 
  name days are easier . 
  yes !, 
  paris , rome , munich . 
  are you sure it was n't the juice ? 
  the worst the weather ... :d, 
  ahem !, 
  never crossed my mind that !, 
  huh !, 
  we won youth unemployment !, 
  [ greek salad ! ], 
  ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-mcavfjq2l08/tj8awfbpzgi/aaaaaaaad_a/0wnnyfbxi28/s1600/1619.jpg ) ( there are others but not as famous as this salad ), 
  if you are american then you surely know better . 
  i had that impression though . 
  not really . 
  ask any cypriot . 
  i do agree . 
  unfortunately in my country no such benefits exist contrary to the general belief . 
  to be entitled for an unemployment benefit , one has to prove he worked for years before he lost his/her job ( so it is money already collected from him ) . 
  even if you prove it , only a small minority gets it in the end . 
  and that for the maximum of 6 months . 
  after that you have no benefit and no social security ( health ) . 
  if you wonder how that can be ... it 's only because family ties are still very strong in our culture . 
  not really . 
  you see these loans where under greek law jurisdiction . 
  they 'd have to prove they were scummed . 
  they would have to prove that the calculated risk was normal etc. 
  one of the 1st things demanded for the bail outs was to accept foreign jurisdiction on them . 
  when papandreou - before accepting any bailout - mentioned that any bail outs should be a matter of referendum his government was immediately replaced without elections . 
  many voices across europe at the time pointed how un democratic that was . 
  indeed my friend !, 
  but anyway the banks are gon na put you in your grave ... so ? 
  no the banks were saved . 
  greece was not saved else we would n't chat about the ever growing crisis and the prospect of greece leaving the euro and face a complete catastrophe . 
  the banks were indeed saved , whatever the outcome of the negotiations . 
  i agree . 
  doing bad business is n't illegal . 
  what is unacceptable though is that if someone does bad business then the public pay for them . 
  else when the business are good then the public should have a share on the profits too . 
  absolutely . 
  and why on earth this should be `` europe 's '' problem and not `` banks '' problem ? 
  for alternatives check out what the americans did . 
  if they lost billions then they should fail and their ceos go to jail . 
  that 's capitalism . 
  so i guess you know about all the shit your government is responsible for . 
  i dont know where you are from , but it is certain that if you come from any country on this earth your gov had plenty of shit . 
  as i said strange concept of representative democracy . 
  what you say would be true only in the case of direct democracy which in our day is simply impossible . 
  think about it . 
  surely there were . 
  but how these few could change the pace and truly inform the public ? 
  the same happened in germany . 
  there were a few honest voices that opposed the bail outs in 2010 but they failed to change anything . 
  the german public payed for sins they didnt have and were turned against greeks under the mantra `` greeks are lazy '' etc. 
  they werent informed they were saving banks . 
  the greeks too are systematicaly being destroyed ... 
  nor anyone at those banks was punished . 
  in the us bankers even go to prison for similar shit . 
  here they turn one people against another . 
  the average joe doesnt know about economics . 
  they dont know if the debts taken by their government are good or bad . 
  sorry , but you have a wrong idea about how representative democracy works . 
  and yes if those corrupt governments took those loans , one has to be a blithering idiot to think that the banks didnt do their homework and didnt knew the risks . 
  else you could go to bank ask a billion euros in loan and walk out a rich person . 
  doesnt work that way though . 
  try it if you dont believe me . 
  they 'll find out even how many fillings you have in your teeth before they agree to it . 
  and it 's quite `` funny '' that people dont see that . 
  if ** you ** do a bad call , you 'll go bankrupt and you and everyone will think that it is ok . no one will aske for the state to pay your loses . 
  if your banker does the same , he 'll take a fat bonus , give you the bill and you 'll think its moraly right . 
  kalimera dear neighbor !, 
  that is the understanding of democracy ayatollahs have . 
  let me give you an example : tony blair ordered the bombings in iraq -----  tony blair was elected by the british citizens --  the british citizens are responsible for the bombings --  we are moraly right to bomb metro stations and kill as many possible . 
  no mention that when blair was being voted , he didnt say anything about a war , no mention about the lies he told to the british ... etc. 
  just oversimplifications to punish the wrong people . 
  yes greeks voted for those governments . 
  they didnt vote them cause they knew those were corrupt politicians though . 
  to say or to think so is monumentally wrong . 
  the us severy punished their banks .
