  i do n't give a rat 's arse about queues but a lie is a lie and a liar caught and yet keep on pretending is a sad fuck . 
  i got mad cause you are saying lies . 
  stupid lies !, 
  where the fuck do you live and have n't seen any queues . 
  a complete reverse of reality and you are asking me if i have an agenta ?!, 
  honestly i dunno know . 
  what i know is that tsipras fucked everything up royally !, 
  i got a 3 room bungalow , with pool 20 meters from the beach . 
  price 1 trillion new drachmas ( about 2.75 euros ), 
  where the fuck do you live and did n't witness it ? 
  little greece in astoria ny ? 
  i 've seen only long queues . 
  longer than ever . 
  10s of people waiting in front of the atm . 
  fuck you and your `` lets bend reality a bit '' lies . 
  they are !, 
  longer queues than i 've ever seen . 
  people are calm , but they are there . 
  / r/vitge is just telling crap . 
   the atm queues are not longer than usual on a saturday morning . 
  what are you talking ' about ? 
  is `` usual '' for people rushing in the night to the atms ? 
  for the 1st time ever , i 've seen queues longer that 50 people in front of an atm this morning . 
  cut the crap !, 
  kke is a fucking stalinist party that is declining fast . 
  cant wait to see them disappear . 
  please answer me this : - i can examine the consequences on what is going to happen if i vote `` yes '' for the deal . 
  - how can i examine the consequences on what is going to happen if i vote `` no '' for the deal ? 
  i believe so too ... 
  it certainly is terra incognita, 
  so will they tell people that in the case of the proposals being rejected that the country will still be able to keep the euro ? 
  ious can be used then . 
  the introduction of a new currency would take months . 
  edit . 
  i have n't got the slightest idea . 
  i just read that somewhere . 
  you 're probably right . 
  i find this more proper for the occasion . 
  it 's in english too . 
  not really . 
  technically you can default within ez . 
  then come and take greek citizenship mate !, 
  true, 
  they were also elected on the promise of keeping the euro . 
  how on earth the average joe will be able to be truly informed and decide in 7 days ? 
  i can understand that some may find this a good deal . 
  unfortunately many believe that old cliche `` the enemy of my enemy is doing me favors '' . 
  well be careful what you wish for cause isis is nothing to be compared with russians . 
  even the slightest advancement ( anywhere on the globe ) of isis should deeply trouble you . 
  if it doesnt well , too bad . 
  i ca n't help you with that . 
  tell what to ukrainians ? 
  we are talking about fucking isis . 
  they are enemies of everyone russians , ukrainians , americans you name it !, 
  all human lives are . 
  are they yet ? 
  no war 's started as far as i know . 
  why should i ? 
  why do you say that ? 
  no fighting between nato and russia ever started . 
  we would know by the mushroom clouds outside our windows . 
  anyway ... 
  they we - nato - should join and help them wipe this monstrosity off the face of this planet . 
  russian lives are n't cheaper than ours . 
  what an awful and dumb thing to say ... isis is everyone 's problem and nothing about them expanding their operations is good news . 
  how fucking dumb !, 
  yes it is trust worthy, 
  the message was so obviously overblown that it was certain for the experiment to be successful . 
  how about an experiment that would notice racist innuendos and soft reactions ? 
  seriously we do n't . 
  it 's because the numbers are so great many succeed to go through the net . 
  i can fully agree on the fact that eu solidarity is a joke and a farce . 
  but then again if it is ... why should the southerners play by the book and do n't let them to go where the wanted to go in the 1st place : north ? 
  cause of solidarity and fairness ? 
  such enormous hypocrisy is all too common in the eu . 
  what a one sided view on the matter . 
  so it is only what was part of the initial agreements that should be done ? 
  then how on earth many eu coutnries ask for pan european sanctions against russia ? 
  your country included . 
  was that too part of the initial agreements ? 
  oh and yes italy joined those sanctions even though they are hurtful for them and even though they face no danger from the russians whatsoever . 
  wow mate !, 
  what a great view on the matter . 
  if most europe wants that , then they should cut the crap and start helping . 
  the amount of people entering the southern countries is overwelming . 
  there 's simply no time to process them to see who is entitled of asylum and who is not . 
  so there enter the eu organizations and start blaming the southerners of violating human rights for taking so long . 
  then there is the impossible task to send them back . 
  one common problem lets say with the pakistani immigrants is that although they do n't come from a war zone none of them have papers , their embassies in europe deny to provide them with new and does n't not accept them back . 
  where 's the eu solidarity to tackle this problem ? 
  a - la russia sanctions against those countries that behave like that ? 
  nonsense and hypocrisy of the highest order . 
   why on earth would they attack a factory ? 
  simples : anything western is a legitimate target . 
  amen brother !, 
  i fully agree on that . 
  edit : just a few pointers . 
  what i find absurd is that while tax evasion is always mentioned as a big contributor to the problem , it was never a subject of the negotiations . 
  not only any mention bout that is immediately denied by the troika ( cause as they say it wo n't bring immediate income ) but it is also forbidden to the greek government to act on itself . 
  it looks surreal but it is true .
