  to you too . 
  these islands are recognized as greek ones by turkey . 
  one of the main issues was the creation of `` hotspots '' in greece that would accommodate 50.000 immigrants ( each hotspot ) . 
  lets not kid ourselves . 
  these are not hotspots , these are towns . 
  the solutions lie elsewhere : stop the fecking mess in syria so people wo n't have to run away from home . 
  make sure people everywhere will know that once they reach europe if they are not granted asylum they 'll be deported at once . 
  so not everyone ( even from countries that are not war torn ) finds europe a `` paradise '' in reach . 
  nothing like that is happening . 
  the only things we 've seen is that the turkish blackmails were `` productive '' to them ( using these people as a bargaining chip ) and the politicians in europe kicking the can down the road ( as they do for everything ) . 
  all and all i 'm sick and tired with all this and i would n't give a flying fcuk if we get kicked out of schengen . 
  enough with bullying . 
  unfortunately it 's like that ... 
  nope nothing like that . 
  it 's only that now that greece is on its knees , its the easier one to push around . 
  they 'd do the same to anyone . 
  it 's called solidarity . 
  fronted agents who will make sure that the immigrants wont go north sounds like help to greece to you ? 
  yeah the idea was to make `` hotspots '' that can house 50.000 immigrants . 
  no thanks . 
  better outside schengen than this `` help '' . 
  beautiful !, 
  hahahahhahaha, 
  warning video shows dead pilot : . 
  yes !, 
  cause wherever a hit happens , it happens to our society , our way of life , our friends and family . 
  we are one and the same . 
  i am sure there is always a chance for a good turn . 
  do n't lose your hope !, 
  do n't lose your hope mate !, 
  you could always come and live here . 
  crete if you prefer it !, 
  :( i feel so sorry for secular , democratic , progressive turks . 
  hang on guys , this ca n't last for long . 
  for the life of me i cant see how that thing ** defines ** you as a country . 
  i mean what happened was terrible ( and awful etc. ), 
  but modern germany has nothing in common with that . 
  nor do nowaday germans . 
  germans are a very old nation that gave a lot to mankind throughout history . 
  when i think of germany bach , goethe etc come to my mind not hitler . 
  every nation has its dark periods in history . 
  surely the darkness must not be repeated but i find it unjust to be defined by it . 
  again that 's my oppinion on the matter as a foreigner . 
  of course it 's an oppinion !, 
  my oppinion too !, 
  i 'm free too state it and everyone is free to disagree with it . 
  ok she 's telling nonsense . 
  isnt it too harsh to jail someone for nonsense ? 
  is n't it people 's right to say nonsense ? 
  let alone that she 's 87 years old ... 
  i think it 's time that germans and germany realize that they have nothing to do with the nazis and that past . 
  they dont have to feel responsible at all ( like everybody else in europe today ) and that they dont have to be so sensitive about that subject . 
  germans are ~ ~ good ~ ~ great people and they have everyright to be proud of themselves . 
  enough with that misplaced guilt . 
  you were a good man !, 
  it 's not as simple as it looks . 
  governments there created a narrative that is dangerous . 
  claiming greek lands a `` un-liberated '' `` macedonia '' , maps that show even thessaloniki ( the 2nd largest greek city ) within their borders etc. 
  such a narrative can not go on as it will create ( and to an extent already has ) hostility between the two nations . 
  this can not stay to become a status quo ( the myths that will cement the hostile feelings ) . 
  many people there ( fyrom ) realize what is happening and this is giving hope to all that want good relations . 
  unfortunately they are still a minority and they are treated badly since nationalism is a nasty trap that easily draws people in . 
  sure why not ? 
  brits are welcome too !, 
  slavomacedonia would be acceptable and as far as i know was proposed in the past . 
  unfortunately they did n't accept it and gone creating the national myth of having roots to ancient greek macedonians . 
  i think their governments played the nationalism game against their people 's true interests so to grab the power and rule . 
  german way . 
  greece was doing awful . 
  unfortunately it got even worse . 
  varoufakis ' actions ( ? ), 
  cost us dearly . 
  i might be an idiot but at least i am not the pm . 
  did n't ruin the country ( with varoufuckis help ) too . 
  tsipras = idiot, 
  here too mate !, 
  it seems that stupidity groove is pan european . 
  i despair . 
  yeah sorry about that !, 
  my point was that :  the problem is not the international outcry which is perfectly warranted if people get killed in the process due to mishandling ; even if it was possible to stop them in the middle of the sea , the outcry would be tremendous by the very same people . 
  they 'd ask for our heads . 
  we 've seen it before . 
  it 's a loose - loose situation . 
  traffickers may not be on board and you do n't have to enter foreign `` waters '' . 
  you only have to not allow them going forward . 
  the problem is the international outcry afterwards . 
  when the first few images show up on tv , those who now wonder `` what the hell greece does '' will be the first to call us nazis , extremists , criminals , `` you name it '' . 
  the first baby that will die as a consequence will make everyone in europe scream `` greek murderers '' etc. 
  he certainly is right ( tony abbott ) . 
  what a joke !, 
  first they agree for s.a. to take a sit in the un human rights committee and then they give that poor fella the prize . 
  ffs they support both the oppressor and the victim . 
  there are 23 shipwrecks : those 22 the article mentions and greece itself . 
  grexit and no debt cut wouldnt be enough . 
  nuking greece is needed too . 
  a very bad taste joke !, 
  countries that execute people because of their beliefs ( or lack of ) or apostasy . 
  as i said , it 's very unfair to israel . 
  i very much agree my finnish brother . 
  the way things are though , it 's certainly good news that some in europe still use their heads .
