  nothing against them !, 
  i got one too !, 
  hills made of rice , rivers of milk and 72 virgins . 
  one can find rice hills and milk rivers in europe but 72 virgins ?!!?!?!, 
  now that 's impossible ! . 
  :d / s, 
  so let me put it this way : now that finally germany doesnt turn a blind eye to the situation are you for or against merkel 's actions ? 
  do you support the common responsibility to the eu external borders and the decision to lift ( even temporarily ) the dublin accord provisions ? 
  cause from what you write one assumes that your problem is that these things did n't happen much earlier . 
  pah !, 
  for inferiority complexes you should look at those who see the `` end of sovereignty '' and become keybord warriors when in fact what merkel says is what our country was asking for many years now : ending dublin ii and help ( that 's how frontex came to existence ) to the external eu borders . 
  but the dumb can only realize the world with stupidity . 
  those who are not refugees should be deported . 
  yes , the do destroy their papers but still it 's not difficult to find out their country of origin . 
  the problem is not that the lack papers , the problem is that their countries of origin ( pakistan is one of them ) dont accept them back . 
  we 've seen that for some years now in greece . 
  they had them in camps * and their countries would raise all kind of obstacles so they wouldnt be deported . 
  there is where germany and the rest of the eu countries could help the situation by acting together . 
  to put pressure on those countries to start accepting them back . 
  then you can put them on planes and send them back . 
  like the uk does . 
  but hey such things look impossible to those who like to neck down every crap the press publices and whine . 
  * the ones effin ' syriza closed . 
  a honest thank you for your government 's actions my german brother . 
  let the haters enjoy their butthurt and nighmater dreaming . 
  the vast majority of people in greece feel the good spirit behind mrs merkel 's actions on the matter . 
  thank you !, 
  once again what mrs merkel said is used against her in a very unjust way . 
  greece has no problem to protect its borders . 
  greece is very capable to do it on its own . 
  what we are talking about is not about protection against an external enemy . 
  we are not talking about gunning and sinking enemy boats . 
  we are not talking about using violent means . 
  ffs when people will realize that there are very little that can be done to stop the refugees ( once you rule out the use of violent means ) . 
  mrs merkel is saying something in the true spirit of the eu : that they should help greece in its borders . 
  that help has to do with `` filtering '' and processing the immigrants to see who are refugees and who are not . 
  mrs merkel is talking about help not talking away our sovereignty . 
  i am disgusted the way the press takes something mrs merkel says and twists it to something completely different . 
  as it happened before saying that mrs merkel is responsible for the mass entry of the refugees . 
  shame on them and shame to everyone that doesnt have the brains to understand that . 
  for once germany took the lead in the eu and in a very positive way !, 
  as a greek that loves his country i have to say : thank you mrs merkel !, 
  thank you !, 
  edit : spelling, 
  the only thing i do n't like is that i do n't have ( yet ) the money do get that sexy new golf . 
  yes it is engineering at its best . 
  to say that `` made in germany '' lies in the gutter is stupid !, 
  a `` bit '' exaggerated ? 
  i 'd say disgustingly grossly exaggerated . 
  german engineering is excellent and to say otherwise is stupid . 
  yeah they ( vw ) lied but hell , i 'd buy their cars in an instant . 
  i 'm afraid freedom of speech is already lost . 
  if one `` dares '' to make a drawing about mohamed then he 'll : a ) be shot or b ) have his intentions questioned and be called a hater , an extremist etc. . . of course anyone can draw whatever he wishes about jesus , judaic god , budda etc and there will be no blood and no motives questioning or name calling and no one will give a flying fuck on who gets offended . 
  this fact is yet more proof that one has the freedom to not mess with islam . 
  kudos to the danes !, 
  of course turkey is absolutely fine . 
  and yes , it is a misconception they ( refugees ) have that live in europe is easier . 
  which is by far the best solution to this crisis . 
  they are refugees and so they are supposed to go back to their homes when the danger is over . 
  lets help/fund turkey to create refugee camps near the border with syria . 
  this has become ridiculous . 
  turkey is a perfectly safe country and they should be more than happy to be there . 
  having said that , i must point that the eu should help turkey with funds and other means to handle them . 
  doric greek is also a dialect and not a language . 
  even today ( after all those thousands of years ) there are differences between doric/north western greek and the attic greek ( the formal , common greek ) . 
  fellow greeks from other parts of the country find it funny and `` heavy '' . 
  it 's slowly dying out though . 
  it is something from the antigone ( sophocles ' tragedy ) . 
  it says that you cant know the true nature of a man before he is in a position of power and see how rules . 
  me too ( i speak french ) . 
  you mean greek doric ? 
  albanian : nothing at all . 
  bulgarian : nothing at all , turkish : nothing at all . 
  italian : enough to have a conversation . 
  considering that we are lazy greeks and also not catholics , the score you gave us is quite high . 
  thank you poland . 
  congratulations netherlands , you are a wonderful country !, 
  these are the 8 countries that have banned wild animals in circuses : http://www.onegreenplanet.org/animalsandnature/10-countries-that-have-banned-wild-animals-in-circuses/ i am very very proud that my country is among them !, 
  lets work together so that more countries enter this great club !, 
  imho it 's impossible ( for a coup to happen ) . 
  to not let them take that dangerous voyage over the sea . 
  to shut its western border . 
  th eu should provide all the necessary means and help turkey organize shelters and camps for them . 
  as it is at the moment it 's the traffickers dream . 
  also through the western borders it 's not only syrians the freely move . 
  actually syrians are about 50 % of the immigrants . 
  why does turkey allow pakistanis , bangladesis , nigerians etc to come and go through its borders freely ? 
  i surely do , astoria et all . 
  in fact my grandfather ( mother 's dad ) was american . 
  he was from ohio ( akron ) . 
  never meant to hurt your feelings sir !, 
  i reckon you have n't tasted mediterranean cuisine ( other than pizza ) . 
  you 'd be shocked . 
  the absence of snakes is reason enough to admire your natural environment . 
  cause it 's easier to point fingers than looking for true solutions . 
  i do n't consider isis as part of the civil war there . 
  if syrians want democracy then by all means should have it . 
  and fight for it by themselves , as it happened everywhere . 
  democracy comes from within a society not by bombing the fuck out of a country . 
  in any case , isis is not a syrian only problem not a `` side '' on a civil war .
