  surely germany was a main benefactor of nato but forgot all this moral rhetoric about it . 
  german army showed up in nato exercise with broomsticks . 
  so when it comes to europe 's defense , germans have another set of morality ? 
  greece on the other hand due to its location has to spend about 7 % of its budget to the military . 
  in fact greece and us are the only countries in nato that spend over 2 % . 
  do you think portugal would perform so admirably if had to do the same ? 
  do you understand what 7 % means ? 
  and while we spend so much fucking money on the army do you think it doesnt concern you ? 
  is that fair ? 
  giving lectures on morality when you close your eyes on your own shit . 
  maybe you were n't insulted cause you 've never called them lazy fucks etc. 
  the way you adress to others greatly influences they way the 'll respond back . 
  it works both ways you know . 
  the `` only a greek '' attitude , is it mainstream in germany ? 
  retirement age at 50 was a very very rare thing to happen and only in certain conditions where the `` profession '' was very harmful to worker 's health or cases of single mothers with more than 4 children etc. 
  totally yellow journalism myth . 
  also the public workers numbers include the army ( going to the army is mandate for all males in greece ) . 
  greece far worse when it all started . 
  get it . 
  you do n't give the same medicine to both flue and cancer patients . 
  it is that simple . 
  the program applied in greece by the troika was dead wrong . 
  imf acknowledged it . 
  did n't the news reached you yet ? 
  it took them some years to admit it but they finally stated the obvious : `` imf angry at greeks but frustrated at euro zone too . '', 
  but by mentioning financing , the imf also wanted to signal is exasperation at european governments ' refusal to discuss debt relief for greece , without which imf officials say the country 's finances simply wo n't be sustainable . 
  there : http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/12/eurozone-greece-imf-idusl5n0yy2a720150612 p.s. 
  are we clear with the `` only a greek '' part ? 
  do n't see it happening , it 's a tag o'war at the moment . 
  and it looks like it 's going belly up . 
  * `` only a greek ? 
  '' * what is this dude ? 
  seriously ? 
  i am not talking here as a greek representative , yet what i say you apply to characterize a whole nation ? 
  a racist overtone ? 
  lol how pathetic !, 
  fyi i 'm frank not greece !, 
  no chance was ever given to us to `` get our shit together '' cause the fucking austerity in the middle of a severe economic crisis ( much more severe another magnitude actually than the one in portugal ) doesnt fucking work . 
  nobel prize holders even said so but i guess you know better than them too !, 
  greek economic indicators were facing upwards at the end of 2014 for the sole reason that while income was fallen by 30 % the taxes risen by 270 % . 
  do your genius mind find that sustainable ? 
  again every serious economist on the globe including nobel prize winners and the imf itself said so . 
  but i guess you know better . 
  there was no light at the end of the tunnel and that 's what you do n't get . 
  all this by the troika planning itself is unsustainable . 
  but hey !, 
  do n't listen to me , listen to the imf but surely not bild . 
  and if you digg a bit deeper you 'll find out that portugal ( unfortunately ) is not out of the woods . 
  it should n't . 
  we do n't want you to pick up the tab . 
  we were n't allowed to go belly up in 2010 . 
  we should have defaulted then . 
  no one asked for your money then . 
  no one 's asking you to pick up the tab . 
  it is your government that decided to bail out private banks . 
  it would n't go down well if they told you that , so instead named it `` greek bailout '' . 
  that disgusts me , calling their banking bailout `` solidarity '' and all that crap . 
  the part of the debt that was `` forgiven '' was all privately held . 
  like 90 % was from greek ( and some cypriot ) institutions and banks . 
  no european tax payers money were lost on that . 
  in fact it was something that the troika demanded so ** afterwards ** your governments would use your taxes payers money to buy the remaining debt . 
  why cause it was held mainly by german and french banks . 
  it is them that decided to use your money not to save greece ( those money never came to greece ) but so to protect some of their banks regardless if such a move would be harmful to greece . 
  read this to be properly informed and not bild : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11654639/imf-has-betrayed-its-mission-in-greece-captive-to-emu-creditors.html, 
  you do n't get it do you ? 
  lem me break it down for you then . 
  no one follows merkel-hitler pictures here . 
  what happened is that during a demonstration 5 or 10 idiots did it to get their 15minutes of fame . 
  one the other hand how many millions do give their money to buy shit like bild ? 
  yeah it is so . 
  if our humor is being measured by the standards , subtlety and finesse of german humor then i should thank you for that great compliment !, 
  / s :d, 
  also personally and all greeks suffered a lot from turkey . 
  if you wan na know , you can always ask but do n't make assumptions . 
  no it is not mocking them . 
  and it is also irrelevant . 
  we could be mocking tsipras with a sketch of bundestag with a swastika on top but it would still be offensive to you . 
  would you find it funny or insulting . 
  if you wan na mock turks & germans you could always use your national symbols ... also this is but one example . 
  wan na show you many more ? 
  with photoshoped statues giving the finger ? 
  newspapers calling us cons ? 
  asking us to sell the islands ? 
  to sell the acropolis ? 
  wan na see german politicians calling us lazy ? 
  please lets not get into that crap . 
  acropolis and parthenon is our national symbol . 
  a turkish flag on it is truly offensive given what we suffered from them and all the wars we 've given to gain our indipendence . 
  yes it very insulting to us . 
  do you really not get it ? 
   how did we actually get here ? 
  all i did was pointing out that the survey was conducted before the mentioned headlines . 
  we came to this cause we were supposedly respond to spakolos ' post , and not on wether the german gov up to a point `` was still in the position that publicly thinking about a grexit was detrimental '' ( which is also false ) . 
  all and all germany should do whatever finds best for its citizens , that 's what they 've been doing from the start . 
  and cut all the crap about solidarity etc. 
  as for sch\u00e4uble having the nerve to give lectures on our morality ... he better shut the fuck up . 
  he aint in the position to do so . 
  not to us , and i wonder how come people there can not see it . 
  and the germans at the end lost the war because of our contribution too . 
  i 'd call it a tie !,
