  is it clear now ? 
  or are there any other cliches i have to face ? 
  it does explain such a post though . 
  have a nice day . 
  i very much agree that syriza made everything worse . 
  i am no fan of them . 
  what i believe though and i might be wrong is that syriza with all these foolish steps it took , only made certain events to come quicker . 
  we have some facts that point to exactly that : a ) when the crisis started it could be easily solved . 
  there were almost two years that ez did nothing for that ( famous merkel feet dragging ) and the crisis got out of control ( vultures took advantage , rates had gone over 30 % . 
  b ) troika intervenes to save the day . 
  we know that the chose the harsh austerity path ( which is debatable if it was correct ) . 
  the austerity measures were severe and based on wrong multipliers . 
  that made the crisis even worse . 
  in fact this experience was what saved portugal and spain to have such strict austerity . 
  c ) as many sources reveal ( even wikileaks ) it was know that the programs would never work without debt restructuring/cut . 
  still the same incomplete and false programs were impemented up tilll now . 
  d ) we now know that schaeuble at least since 2012 thought it was a good idea to let greece burn and use it as an example to scare other . 
  hence no real intention was there to help the situation . 
  e ) debt structuring is something that was put on the table very recently . 
  largely because of syriza behavior . 
  had we have the old government they would continue to follow wrong programs until they 'd face an absolute and inevitable dead end . 
  as far as the imf , we now know that with the strict austerity they 'd proposed they did also proposed a debt cut . 
  they reatret from that , because of ez ( german ) pressure . 
  in fact they acted as an eu body and not an independent one . 
  here are few interesting links on that : `` imf has betrayed its mission in greece , captive to emu creditors the imf 's original sin in greece was to let dominique strauss-kahn hijack the institution to save europe 's banks and the euro when the crisis erupted , dooming greece to disaster . '', 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11654639/imf-has-betrayed-its-mission-in-greece-captive-to-emu-creditors.html `` how the imf doomed greece to disaster and put its own future in doubt '' http://business.financialpost.com/investing/how-the-imf-doomed-greece-to-disaster-and-put-its-own-future-in-doubt?__lsa=dc7f-9a52 `` an amazing mea culpa from the imf 's chief economist on austerity '' http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/01/03/an-amazing-mea-culpa-from-the-imfs-chief-economist-on-austerity/, 
  what are you ? 
  that 's the problem with history . 
  everyone knows it , but it teaches no one . 
  help was given and made sure of that . 
  i am sorry but i have to disagree . 
  reality proves that things did n't work that way . 
  the imf in the case of greece not only changed its rules in one night but they violated their basic rule too : to take part in programs that are viable and address the debt problem . 
  they new it from the start and have done otherwise . 
  the ez have a lot of responsibility too . 
  after letting greece for many months in the hands of vultures ( inter rates had gone more than 30 % ) they stepped in so together with the imf would provide help . 
  the help was as we all know disastrous , against every economic theory , against all logic . 
  a crisis that in the start was easily solved turned into a catastrophe . 
  all and all what was happening from the start was kicking the can down the road at great cost . 
  no real will was there to solve the problem and even today many are not interested in that . 
  they think that by pushing greece out if the ez is an acceptable solution . 
  lets stop kidding ourselves . 
  syriza or not the outcome would have been the same . 
  after all since last august no money was given to greece at all and syriza has the government only since january . 
  lets not kid ourselves and start looking at what is obvious . 
  eu is supposed to be a place of equality and were nations big and small have equal rights and equal voices . 
  in the eu we have a european parliament that is an official body but has no power whatsoever . 
  then we have the eurogroup which is unofficial but has all the true power . 
  in eurogroup there are no equals . 
  it is not a place where the strong and the weak have just one vote and their voices are equal . 
  it is a place where the strong is one and can dictate to others what will happen and what to do . 
  that is how eu works since the euro was introduced ... 
  so now you can see why the greeks must destroy everything ( upping the vat when in all neighboring countries taxation is 2-3 times lower ) or why the irish are so wrong with their corporate taxes . 
  now you can understand why it is a minor thing when germany brakes the rules ( and it often does ) and why that is never discussed . 
  the system is seriously flawed . 
  we have official bodies like the eu parliament that are incomplete and have no actual power . 
  since the euro was introduced , it is the eurogroup that 's setting the rules . 
  eurogroup is not an official body and there the `` everyone , strong or weak have their voices are equal '' eu ideal doesnt apply . 
  there is germany that reigns and can dictate to others what to do . 
  eu is no more the union of equal partners that was supposed to be . 
  it is simple as that . 
  personally i have no reason to doubt what mr geithner says . 
  but it also doesnt matter . 
  mr schaeuble is just one person . 
  one person is never enough . 
  so it 's not the use of certain words ( however inappropriate may be ) the problem . 
  i am happy that you never believed the `` lazy '' greek stereotype . 
  thank you for your good feelings . 
  i hope no deal will be made on sunday . 
  i truly believe that it is best for my country to leave the ez and the eu altogether . 
  not only for economic reasons . 
  i am pretty sure on what is going to happen . 
  i am afraid the damage is done though . 
  it will take generations to be undone ( not the economic one ) . 
  you should n't worry about us . 
  we have been through much worse . 
  i am no socialist myself and not a syriza supporter . 
  i too am for open market economy . 
  i voted yes in the referendum . 
  i do n't know if would ever again though . 
  nationalism is on the rise for some years now . 
  even the narrative used by mr schaeuble ( burning greece ) is part of it . 
  it 's a funny thing with nationalism : it takes many forms . 
  one of them is the sense of self-righteousness and skipping self criticism . 
  i was a federalist once ( no , not for the money ) call me romantic . 
  all this made me realize that it was a fairy tale . 
  i think eu the way it turned has nothing to do with what it was some years ago . 
  i do n't want to be part of it anymore . 
  i do get the brits on that . 
  again please believe me it is n't the economic hardships that made me change my views . 
  you should n't be torn at all . 
  the way forward is for politicians to guide people . 
  to show them the greater picture and not the short term interests . 
  to `` burn '' another nation so to scare others to follow you ... should be very unacceptable to you . 
  to everyone . 
  i do n't want to part of an entity created that way . 
  many others will not when they find out what is happening . 
  well he clearly said what his intentions were . 
  i gave you a link . 
  when nothing is to be transferred ... :d anyway , i think we need to clear our shit .
