  he 'd love to see our relations with the rest of the west to deteriorate as much as possible . 
  no one believes that though . 
  we are not that stupid . 
  time to reset the counter then ? 
  that 's an overly simplistic view . 
  if you think reality is such then you are very wrong . 
  as you say `` signs '' . 
  those signs might be enough to justify an intervention of 5 % ( irish case ) but they are not in our case . 
  we already had 30 % fall and with the new proposals another 12 % is certain . 
  so comparisons are not helpful . 
  not really . 
  people are not angry , they just do n't believe anyone and anything now . 
  true !, 
  but unfortunately the thing is that the troika proposals lead that way too . 
  they are not complete and they are not leading to a solution . 
  they too are not viable . 
  this is paramount for how people feel atm . 
  btw i am voting for yes not because that the troika proposals are viable . 
  i will vote yes on the hope that something might come to give that viability . 
  au contraire !, 
  putin very much wants greece to leave . 
  greece will be much more useful to him then . 
   we are making fun of the atm people . 
  then you are an idiot . 
  you have no idea what urgent need these people might have . 
  no it is not . 
  in fact i do n't know anyone that believes that . 
  running joke ? 
  glad you had a laugh then . 
  church 's wealth is not money sitting in some bank account . 
  church 's weatlh is mostly land . 
  with the money they have they do the best they can . 
  they are not only providing free meals , they are supporting the poor in many ways . 
  as you can see , perfectly organized queues and if you are lucky ... http://www.iefimerida.gr/sites/default/files/oures-atm-3.jpg :d hint : go to an atm that 's near beauty shops !, 
   do your really think greece would have to rely on it 's own military ? 
  emphatically yes !, 
   alright , here 's the plan . 
  we 'll buy out the greeks but in return , ** they must be a us territory for 5 years ** , agree to hosts bases , use the usd , and direct a greek mythology epic adventure , hollywood style . 
  then they can declare independence , rejoin eu , and repeat the process . 
  make it 500 years and we have a deal !, 
  the army has no saying in all this . 
  absolutely nothing from there . 
  it is really funny to even mention about the army cause even if the politicians asked them to do something they 'd reply to them with a big feck off . 
  the church also didnt do any `` political '' comments . 
  they do organize free meals etc for people in need though . 
  hahahhahha more like for the next decade !, 
  absolutely safe . 
  there are parts of athens that you should avoid walking during the night but that has nothing to do with all this . 
  the way these news are presented by the media , people would think that it 's a warlike situation here . 
  in fact the only difference there is than from normality are the queues infront of the atms . 
  queues perfectly organized and where people waiting and bitter joking about the situation . 
  nothing more . 
  so dont you worry , you 'll have a good time . 
  they are going to work from tuesday on . 
  it is in greek : says `` without atms on monday '' http://news247.gr/eidiseis/oikonomia/capital-controls-kleistes-trapezes-kai-xrhmatisthrio-th-deytera.3551945.html, 
  you think wrong !, 
  very wrong . 
  you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  you 'll have a great time . 
  with all this talk it 's natural you worry but you should n't . 
  you 'll have a great time there !, 
  and tomorrow the atms will be closed . 
  you are wrong . 
  no most of them do not leave towards italy . 
  that 's simply a lie . 
  one has only to see what the situation is on the 2 ports ( patras & igoumenitsa ) that have ferries to italy to see that the situation is similar to calais . 
  many stuck there and ca n't get out . 
  so pure bollocks . 
  also , greeks right to immigrate to other eu countries have nothing to do with schengen . 
  bollocks again . 
  so check your facts please . 
  you 've got it very wrong . 
  immigrants want to travel through but they are stuck in greece because of the dublin accord . 
  by far the largest percentage of them are stuck here and only a small fraction managed to leave the borders . 
  hence the need and proposal for quotas . 
  if everything goes wrong ( both with economy and a new pan european immigration policy ) then what i see is greece letting them go the same as italy . 
  many greeks are already in many eu countries that 's nothing new . 
  many eu nationals are also in greece . 
  to even compare this with the illegal immigration is nothing less than disgusting . 
  shame on you !, 
  what immigration has anything to do about it ? 
  elaborate please . 
  yes they do . 
  some have 600 euros/day others 1200 euros/day, 
  it 's after the referendum . 
  but yes very long . 
  according to news sites in greece the banks will stay closed until july 6th . 
  atms will operate . 
  limit is not announced yet . 
  the latest joke on the greek internet : `` i bend to tie my shoes and someone puts a credit card to my arse '' `` cool down brothers '' :d edit : corrected june into july !, 
  thank you for pointing it !, 
  exactly this !, 
  me too . 
  thank you for your wishes . 
  no mate , it 's a complete luck of interest to point what should 've been obvious ( cause all the info is easily obtained ) it is n't . 
  so be it . 
  do n't get stuck in the argument itself mate . 
  see the whole picture . 
  it is easy to find it . 
  it will be for your own benefit .
