  the pipeline will have the same capacity as the existing nord stream pipeline -- 55 billion cubic metres of gas per year -- and if built will double the quantity of gas exported to germany from russia . 
  `` the construction of additional transport infrastructure along the shortest route between gas fields in northern russia and markets in europe will contribute to increasing the safety and reliability of deliveries for new contracts , '' said gazprom ceo alexei miller . 
  germany is the largest buyer of russian natural gas , with a total volume of 40 billion cubic meters in 2013 . 
  gazprom supplies 30 percent of the eu 's gas needs . 
  nord stream is an offshore natural gas pipeline from vyborg in the russian federation to greifswald in germany . 
  at 1,222 kilometres ( 759 miles ) in length , it is the longest sub-sea pipeline in the world . 
  - see more at : http://www.thenews.pl/1/10/artykul/210809,second-gas-pipeline-under-baltic-in-the-works#sthash.pbrluecu.dpuf, 
  hmmm have n't you heard ? 
  all this is about greece getting back on its feet so it pays the loans . 
  knocked you head when you were a kid or is this hate mongering ? 
  by the way ... ethics is a greek word . 
  seriously some valid points mixed with some total nonsense . 
  result ? 
  a salad . 
  greeks blaming junta for their debts ? 
  that 's the 1st time i read this ... and it 's in your post . 
  the last paragraph is the salad dressing . 
   greece on the otherhand wants money to pay for money they owe . 
  if the eurozone stupidly agrees to a deal today . 
  that means that greece essientially borrowed 300 billion , then owed 300 billion . 
  to the banks then to the eu but the eu will give money to greece in return for reforms . 
  which means they will pay essientially 0 for what they owed . 
  seriously dude ... do you realize what you wrote there ? 
  hahahahah you know what mate ? 
  we came to an agreement far easier and quite faster than all these jerks in the eurogroups !, 
  for the life of me ... this `` minimum guaranteed income as proposed by the eu '' is something that i 've never heard before . 
  just mentioning this :  but many greeks also feel that there is a big responsibility on how the creditors handled the crisis is enough to get you in trouble . 
  you know the usual cliches ... `` everyone else 's fault '' etc. 
  why is it so difficult for some to understand that we believe both ( our own responsibility + creditors mishandling the situation ) is something of a mystery . 
  it aint formal yet !, 
  :d hence the eurogroups ( ad infinitum ), 
  in case of default the hardships are going to be such that anyone who 'd mention `` loans '' would be stoned !, 
  loans ? 
  no way jose . 
  also the economy would be much more open and competitive . 
  if we are thrown out , we should stay out ... for good . 
  perhaps in that case it 'd be good to get out of the eu too . 
  why would they ( we ) want to ? 
  i mean , when the mess of the grexit happens , we 'd be left with better prospects for growth using a new devalued currency . 
  it would n't make sense to re-apply for membership . 
  exactly !, 
  also if someone leaves the euro under such conditions ( default ) and has to face all the hardship ... why on earth would they want to join it again after the dust is settled ? 
  it would n't make sense . 
   my view however , is that the greeks want to stay in a europe that does not exist . 
  very well put !, 
  of course it would 've been better imo . 
  proof is that not only greece was loaded with all those loans but the terms that followed them made the problem worse and the default is imminent . 
  when a bank gives a loan , the bank asks for an interest rate so to cover its risks . 
  the banks are not naive . 
  they do their homework ( or at least they should ) and they are taking risks to make profits . 
  in this case they are let off the hook . 
  they are protected 100 % with methods never seen before . 
  no losses for the banks or the sharks and all the loses to the other party . 
  so no , the bail outs were given to the banks . 
  the german and french public bought these loans from the banks . 
  had they did n't agree for the bail outs those banks and greece would be bankrupt . 
  now with all these bail-outs the situation has gotten worse for us and the default is certain . 
  the marshall plan went straight to germany , not to american banks through germany . 
  the bail outs went to german and french banks . 
  hardly 9 % of it went to greece . 
  and that , only after terrible and wrong measures that hurt the economy , were forced upon us . 
  you certainly do not have to help , but please do not twist reality . 
  thank you for your kind words and good will . 
  truly thank you !, 
  i wish the best to you . 
   anyways , we mobilized much more people and were much better prepared to face germans than you . 
  agreed !, 
  yet with all this people and good preparedness how many battles did you give ? 
  none ? 
  as for the communists ... as you said ... you elected them . 
  so there . 
  as for the tanks ... \u039c\u03bf\u03bb\u03ce\u03bd \u03bb\u03b1\u03b2\u03ad ( come and get them )  you can have varoufakis though . 
  i did n't want to say any of this , but such are the results when one had too much circle jerk insults . 
  whatever happens i wish both czechs and slovaks the best and that they will never face danger again . 
  it 's not the answers that are pathetic . 
  the history shows who the pathetic is . 
  and now you name fear to be loyalty . 
  bollocks you 're scared shitless hence the love for the us and nato . 
  else you 'd be `` meh '' . 
  on the other hand we do n't fear russia but still are in nato . 
  so what that tells you about loyalty ? 
  who 's sincere and who 's only there out of fear . 
  ps i have only good feelings for the peoples in the baltics and i know they 've suffered a lot . 
  too much . 
  my responses are such cause i 've had enough of that circle jerk constant snide against my country . 
  a country you know nothing about and yet you so easily dismiss . 
  so there . 
  hahahaha we were in afghanistan and somalia and other places too . 
  saddam had fallen much earlier than when your first soldier put his feet on the ground there . 
  as for greece leaving nato , you 'd wish . 
  we were part of nato guarding the free world when you licked soviet arse . 
  did you fought against the soviets ? 
  against the nazis ? 
  not one bullet shot ? 
  none ? 
  awwww but you are so important to nato ... all this experience of doing nothing while your country gets invaded over and over again ... 
  truth be told . 
  you love nato cause you are not willing to defend your country . 
  it 's fear not loyalty . 
   nope , that country really did n't have a say in this .
