  the majority even !, 
  * '' any source on that ? 
  i am not overlooking anything . 
  what you are so conveniently `` forgetting '' is the reasons that ragkousis ' law never implemented . 
  public outcry and that it was deemed uncostitutional by the supreme court after lawsuits from citizens and various organizations . 
  that 's the reason that the next government canceled it too . 
  as i 've alreeady said : you mislead people outside greece by giving them wrong info . 
  the economic crisis is indeed the main topic but this is not irrelevant by far . 
  again seen the news lately on greek television ? 
  also why the hell do you tag anyone that opposes syriza 's proposals as a racist ? 
  what gives you that right ? 
  do people outside greece know that in syriza 's plan is to stop border controls ? 
  to allow everyone in ? 
  to give them a permit by which they will have to leave the country in 30 days and if they fail then they will be given 6 months ? 
  all nonsense as they would have to state a residency while on the border ( how on earth they could ? ) . 
  also how could they live the country after the 6 months period as these people have no papers at all ( passport ) and they could not travel to another country . 
  it 's all unplanned and rather silly . 
  just like the program about the economy . 
  what you fail to see here is that `` syriza supporters '' is not the same as `` syriza voters '' . 
  syriza got about 36 % of the vote when 2 years ago was a political party of 7 % . 
  do you honestly believe that all these people ( voters ) have become syriza supporters ? 
  you are just giving false info . 
  i might look like the bad guy here ( for which i dont care ) but the actual truth is that . 
  what the effing f are you talking about ? 
  didnt delete anything at all . 
  everything stands as for the downvotes , i could n't care less . 
   at least $ 28 billion of unreported income , enough to fill 31 % of the greek budget deficit that year . 
  and what percentage of that 28 $ billion is the fault of the average self employed and what is that of large companies and the super rich ( oligarchs ? ) . 
  if you think that pub and video club owners are responsible for that amount then you are n't digging enough . 
  also i seriously doubt that number . 
  the numbers just do n't add up . 
  we have a work force of around 5 million . 
  that number means that each and everyone of them would have to evade 5000 euros . 
  that is simply impossible . 
  certainly it 's * you * that do n't have the need for more . 
  life is easier when oversimplifying . 
  why think ? 
  why try ? 
  need i ? 
  ok ... you say you 've got a * `` very long list '' * when it comes to reasons for the mess you country is in . 
  for another country though for which you certainly know far less , the list you are happy to use to understand the situation is quite short * `` corrupt and incompetent '' * . 
  now , how clever or fair is that ? 
  many things on what you know about corruption in greece is overblown by the media . 
  for instance tax evading . 
  when the income of the vast majority of people here is a salary ( public and private sector ) it is just impossible to avoid taxes . 
  yes , there is tax evading but that happens from companies and the rich mostly . 
  that is the reason that they have n't solve the problem yet . 
  so when one talks about the `` tax evading greeks '' is simply wrong for about 70 % of the population . 
  corruption too is mostly about the highest * levels * of society . 
  politicians the getting bribed by foreign companies ( i.e. 
  so mostly is blaming the wrong people . 
  at least for the part that did harm the economy . 
  yes there are plenty to be done but the whole narrative is dead wrong . 
  also our economy was screwed before the austerity . 
  we know that very well . 
  but the fact that austerity did more harm is also a fact . 
  thanks for the advice agony aunt !, 
  i am explaining what the situation here actually is and not projecting anything . 
  have you read any statistics on what the general public feels about that issue here ? 
  i guess it was easier to give me a psychological analysis on the go . 
  :p and what on earth do you know about my ideology to call it `` hate '' ? 
  seriously ... 
  ca n't you at least try not to sound like an arsehole ? 
  what on earth sounds racist to your cloudy little mind with `` these people '' and `` roaming in the streets '' ? 
  are n't they doing exactly that ? 
  as far as i know they take them with buses to omonoia pat them on the back and that 's it . 
  is there any provision whatsoever on where they 'll sleep , work etc. 
  and what 's inhumane about a fence on the border so not everyone gets in or to give them shelter and food until they 'll be deported ( since they are illegally here ) ? 
  that 's what the actual law says too . 
  so take your idiotic allegations somewhere else . 
  idiot . 
  really not . 
  the public here had enough with the `` let them roam free around the country '' policies that 's been happening the previous years . 
  lots of immigrant related crimes etc. 
  the last government set up these centres exactly because of that . 
  now syriza and their idiot views on the matter will try to change it . 
  i do n't know to what extend . 
  something like citizenship for 2nd generation kids that were born here might pass . 
  the rest ? 
  no way in hell !, 
  you see the damage that 's been done ? 
  who exactly needs to be changing ? 
  the * greeks * in general ? 
  and change what ? 
  stop being lazy , corrupt and greedy ? 
  that is so wrong in so many levels . 
  yet for others your list is quite simplistic . 
  * hint *, 
  nope !, 
  your guess is wrong . 
  these ideas were always on their mind ( for syriza ) . 
  nothing to do with a bargaining chip . 
  they are simply * that * stupid . 
  i do n't think it will happen though . 
  people are very against such measures . 
  they 'd lose the government in no time . 
  huh ? 
  have you been looking at the news lately ? 
  besides , one can not be serious thinking that letting these people roaming the streets is a solution . 
  the plan was that they 'd be in these centres until they 'd be deported .
