  seriously ... as someone who like germany very much , i must say that kicking us out of the ez is one thing . 
  humiliating us constantly is another and it wo n't bring anything good . 
  we are a nation with very strong sense of memory . 
  all this rhetoric wo n't be forgotten for ages . 
  so if people want us out then kick us out but please stop the other nonsense . 
  they are destroying the friendship between the two nations . 
  wan na see the equivalent pictures from germany ? 
  taking on our national symbols ? 
  telling us to sell the acropolis ? 
  our islands ? 
  calling us cons ? 
  calling us lazy ? 
  for years and years ? 
  those are the things that surface on the greek media . 
  and then there is that constant `` critique '' with humiliating overtones from people like schaeuble . 
  critique not on economic or even political level but rather on `` ethics '' and `` morals '' . 
  tis then that memories start to kick in ... and people start to go nuts : `` ffs them giving us lessons in morality ? '', 
  yeah there are many people here who do remember ... that is how the nazi connection is made . 
  `` critique on morality from germans ? 
  cause we fucked up our economy ? 
  as if we annihilated every nation in europe ? '', 
  see how it grows ? 
  i do n't agree with it , just explaining to you how it starts . 
  excuse me ? 
  who do you mean ? 
  well , they 've messed it up on many levels . 
  not just the economy . 
  lets say they are trying there . 
  surely they are also innocent on the past economic mistakes and have n't shown to be corrupted . 
  but their narrative is very misleading to the people here . 
  honestly i do n't think they are capable to do the job needed . 
  that doesnt mean the previous government would have performed better on the economy . 
  all of them ( our politicians ) are a disappointment . 
  am very pessimistic . 
  no surprises for me . 
  did n't vote for them , never trusted them . 
  unfortunately i was n't wrong . 
  they messed everything . 
  but we are n't chatting about who makes the decisions . 
  we are talking on wether the public was influenced negatively so to form such an opinion . 
  and yeah i might accept the narrative that goes * `` bild , is nonsense etc '' * and that it doesnt influence the public opinion ( its sale numbers say it does ) , but doesnt someone like sch\u00e4uble ? 
  as i said . 
  lets all of us reply to ourselves not to others if what we say is correct . 
  at least lets do it before pointing fingers . 
  oh well ... that doesnt make any sense ... 
  but i get it , you are angry because some people insulted you cause they 've been insulted by people over there . 
  so which started the targeting ? 
  should we trace it back to the 1st insult ? 
  shall we make those insults what will shape our relationship as two nations ? 
  or shall we point out that in both our nations are some idiots that should be ignored ? 
  what do you think ? 
   you have to be a fool to believe that our media was * very * friendly towards greece , its citizens and politicians before march . 
  in other words they were `` just '' friendly ? 
  do i need to post here some of the `` friendly '' attitudes we 've seen before march ? 
  naaaah ... also how come you 've only just now noticed your government pointing to the door ( aka great ) ? 
  strange i can write an essay on how many times herr schaeuble for example , threatened us with a grexit - and in very derogatory manner - all those years . 
  so are you positively sure mate ? 
  honestly ? 
  do n't answer me on that . 
  answer to yourself . 
  it will be more productive . 
  while this was so damn funny and not offensive all . 
  yeah , sure !, 
  before march everything was fine and dandy !, 
  hey mate ? 
  do you need to state the obvious ? 
  what for ? 
  so you should rejoice !, 
  why do you sound so angry then ? 
  :p gosh !, 
  thank you so very much for this great input in the conversation !, 
  it was eye opening !, 
  generalizations ... 
  sadly . 
  happy russia day then !, 
  god !, 
  that is horrible !, 
  my best wishes to the victims for a complete and speedy recovery . 
  i am happy for spain then !, 
  so the imf was wrong when it aknowledged that its program was wrong ? 
  so are all those economists ( even nobel prize winners ) around the globe to point out that austerity and so massive reforms in such a short time are harmfull ? 
  are only those reasons you point out , to blame ? 
  seriously dude . 
  you 've searched for every single strike that happened in greece since 1998 ?!?!? 
  and you call this `` epidemic '' to greece ? 
  do you even know what * `` epidemic '' * means ? 
  perhaps you mean `` endemic '' ? 
  your greece_bashing hate has become too damn obvious . 
  one has to just take a look on your posts to find out that 8 out of 10 of them are just hateful nonsense towards greece . 
  seriously , where does all this hate comes from ? 
  by all means be my guest and continue if it gives you some kind of perverted joy ... but know that it only shows what an ill informed lugubrious laggard you are . 
  to me it 's just so funny !, 
  i 've never witnessed the `` famous '' french rudeness myself . 
  being part french , i felt right at home too !, 
  j'aime la france !, 
  they are not pro-russian at all . 
  if with `` pro russian '' you mean `` pro- putin '' . 
  hahaha me too !, 
  i thought wtf ? 
  how did he got in denmark ?
