  you might be slightly misinformed ( the press does that ) but silly ? 
  nope !, 
  indeed he does !, 
  and he is right again . 
  all of them are asylum * seekers * and that 's why they come to europe . 
  that doesnt mean they become asylum applicants in the country of entry . 
  they want to go elsewhere , yet they are stranded here by the 100s of thousands . 
  you see there 's a difference between an asylum seeker and an asylum applicant . 
  that 's ridiculous !, 
  these are asylum applicants numbers not the actual illegal immigrants numbers . 
  yeah in greece only 9,435 applied for asylum but there are millions that entered the country wish to move elsewhere and are stuck here ( because of dublin regulation ) . 
  these are people too you know regardless that they are not officially recognized to be included in such `` statistics '' . 
  what `` atlas_at '' said stands very well . 
  happy ? 
  that 's great !, 
  i hope you 'll always be !, 
  btw no need for envy . 
  you can move here anytime you wish !, 
  i would say most of them are beautiful !, 
  that is very beautiful !!, 
  too many to chose from ... fira : http://www.cyclades-guide.gr/en/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/view01-l.jpg papigo : http://travelphoto.gr/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/mikro-papigko-in.jpg aristi : http://www.arttravel.gr/media/6005475/aristi-artsistas_650x488.jpg kastelorizo : https://c3.staticflickr.com/3/2550/4219321645_51357c22c1_b.jpg gaios : https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3182/2710150326_a6fd1b46c8_b.jpg rahi paxi : http://www.arttravel.gr/images/arttravel/articles/details/36551-569-1 ( 2 ) . jpg etc etc. . . 
  very difficult to chose from ... 
  no one here expects foreigners to speak our language and almost everyone speaks english . 
  so no problem at all . 
  lovely !, 
  and their language and names sound similar to ours too !, 
  congrats neighbors !, 
  all my very best wishes to you !, 
  the same is happening here too . 
  barbaric torture and unnecessary kill of animals . 
  i hope they will be stopped once and for all . 
  it 's a well known fact the we are not only lazy but desperately dumb too . 
  thank you for your thorough and well founded reply . 
  you seem to be right on most if not all the points you make . 
  i am most disappointed on what 's happening for the last 5 years and most and by far by our own governments ( and surely especially with the current one ) . 
  on top of witnessing lives around me going downhill with an incredible rate it is the diminishing rhetorics we have to bear too . 
  so excuse my gloomy take on the matter and lack of any positive belief for a better foreseeable future . 
  `` also illegal in the eastern fjords '' ?!?!, 
  now you 're pushing it ... pah !, 
  how ` bout the killings of non-basques ? 
  is it still legal ? 
  only there is no similarity whatsoever between the english occupation of ireland and ottoman occupation of greece ( and many other european coutnries ) . 
  for instance there was even a blood tax were they took your male children . 
  see [ blood tax ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dev%c5%9firme ) not to mention many other atrocities that made the idea of the `` state '' much hateful . 
  in fact it was so bad that cities were emptied and the people ( about 90 % ) fled to the mountains to live free of the ottomans ( the ottomans didnt even go there ) . 
  i beg to disagree sir . 
  what syriza does is not the 100 % of its pre-election declarations . 
  it 's far far below that . 
  a few years ago ( about 3-4 ) it was a marginal party the had the 4 to 6.5 % of the vote ( and for goo reason ) . 
  the tipping point was that the previous goverment not only was force by our partners to follow an obviously wrong and very harsh austerity program but was also undermined by the troika with constantly more demands ( some obviously very wrong ) , a belittling rhetoric ( lazy greeks etc. ), 
  and the constant procrastinations of the troika to deliver . 
  for instance , although the previous goverment did exactly what they were asked , they havent recieve any of the pre-agreed money since last june . 
  that was written as a failure to many people here . 
  on the other hand i cant accept that no one knew what syriza was about . 
  yeah the average joe in europe might not had a clear idea ( i doubt it cause the press jumped in every chance to mention them ) but the leadership too ?? 
  lastly i honestly believe that what 's now called `` plan b '' was in fact the very goal from the start of the crisis . 
  it 's been 5 long years and still what greece is been asked to do makes no sense in economic terms ( supposedly to make the economy grow ) . 
  i cant believe that all these economists from our partners are in panic for the last 5 years or that they cant see the faults in the program . 
  on the other hand it makes perfect sense if you notice that this way they bought enough time to strengthen their banks cope with a greek default and a grexit . 
  i am ok with that but i cant accept the fairy tales that cover the true intentions . 
  the point is the hypocricy and not the actual dates . 
  in every instance all the parties involved , decide what 's moral on the grounds on what 's more ... convenient . 
  oh i remember the day quite well . 
  there were constant reports about it on the tele and the government kept giving guidelines to the public but also tried too cool down the general feeling of fear . 
  who knows how many cancer deaths happened because of this accident ... a video on how the radioactive cloud covered europe : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuwpothcf9y, 
  hahahaha tis funny how a referendum was out of the question when papandreou mentioned it before the bail outs and now it 's the proper thing to do . 
  germany does have a police force you know . 
  they can pretty well check them for visas and if they do n't find any , can deport them . 
  how can this be such a huge problem ? 
  how did they come into poland ? 
  i mean ... are n't there border controls ? 
  not viable as a nation ? 
  why ? 
  we 've been through much much worse you know . 
  what kind of brain washing have you been through ? 
  oh trust me for us greeks that did n't vote for syriza ( about 64 % ) their actions were indeed very predictable . 
  nope , they bought our debt and made it a public one . 
  no real money entered our economy to stir it up . 
  i am afraid that every german taxpayer was told a different story though . 
  anyway no need to start that long conversation . 
  lets agree that they had no moral obligation to help anyway . 
  i disagree my friend . 
  let me give you a few reasons : - when there are talks/efforts on how to solve a problem then supposedly we work exactly on that : to solve it . 
  it 's just not logical while you supposedly try to solve a problem , to make plans about your failure to solve it too . 
  - the fact that syriza was going to take the government was not unpredictable . 
  in fact the former government here done expactly what they 've been told ( by troika ) and yet they were undermined by the troika . 
  as you say many ( reforms ) were proven shit and hurtful to the true economy yet they are still being demanded by the ez . 
  that can only make sense , if what is called `` plan b '' was in reality the goal from the start : not to help greece but to give time to banks etc to be prepared for the grexit . 
  i very much agree with you on . 
  an yes syriza did a shitty job . 
  not because they have n't met an agreement ( i very much doubt they 'll do ) but mostly because they failed to explain the situation as it really is : from the very 1st day of the crisis , the bail-out programs were meant to prepare the way for a grexit ( and not to help greece ) . 
  it is the only way they can make sense ( when everyone sees they worsened the situation for greece ) . 
  to my understanding , what is now called `` plan b '' in reality was the only plan . 
  apart from the fact that this is not about an unpredictable natural disaster , what 's really disappointing is the fact that i do n't see any will whatsoever for true negotiations from those who does have the upper hand . 
  i am no syriza fan or voter but many things varoufakis ' said are true yet no one is listening . 
  a few examples : - further reducing ( the already reduced ) pentions . 
  in a country where unemployment is about 27 % and youth unemployment is over 50 % , with these pensions not only the pensioners live but the families of their jobless children . 
  you should know that in greece , even before the crisis only 19 % of the unemployed had any benefit . 
  and that for only 6 months . 
  - fire selling the public property in the 1/3 or 1/4 of its pre-crisis value .
