  in any case things are not as bleak as the seem . 
  if anything happens we are ready to sweep the floors from ( whatever ) the mess . 
  there 's no shortage of broomsticks . 
  i do remember it !, 
  greek is the oldest recorded living language and longest documented indo-european language , spanning 34 centuries . 
  we do n't have a change . 
  it 's good as we are . 
  we gave them a cold stare !, 
  from what i read it 's just an old joke between the two . 
  juncker calls orban dictator and orban calls juncker archduke . 
  it 's not a comment about the politics in hungary . 
  juncker knows better . 
  who knows . 
  according to rumors , since that ban , he 's seen walking downtown athens with tears in his eyes ... 
  in all fairness , eu leaders should get some slapping from time to time !, 
  i know ours should !, 
  it 's good for the soul too !, 
  hahahahaha, 
  same here !, 
  hahahaha sorry but they are not vacant . 
  but you are very welcome to visit and spend your holidays there !, 
  we have truly nothing against each other now . 
  history is history and it doesnt have to repeat itself . 
  it should teach us to be friends , nothing less !, 
  we will both benefit enormously !, 
  to get you child abducted it always felt awful for the parents my friend . 
  desperation that makes you give up your child ( else it would starve to death etc. ), 
  doesnt make it any better . 
  also about the taxes . 
  they were so severe that in our country it had a peculiar effect . 
  it emptied the cities . 
  due to the mountainous morphology of the country , more than 90 % of the greek population chose to leave the cities and move to isolated areas on the mountains where they could live free . 
  in effect only thessaloniki remain a true urban center . 
  cities that were for centuries large urban centers were reduced to villages . 
  like athens or corinth ( for example ) . 
  it certainly was the best state to live at the time . 
  do not judge them with today 's standards . 
  the average byzantine citizen at the time had by far a better life than people in other european states . 
  at times even than princes in minor states in western europe . 
  in any case it is not a coincidence that it is remembered fondly in the collective memories of the peoples it included : do n't ask a ( only ) greek . 
  ask a bulgarian , a romanian , a serbian etc. 
  do n't get me wrong please !, 
  i have nothing against the turkish people . 
  as i see it both you and us are here for ever . 
  we should be the best neighbors ever , for both our sakes . 
  we should only fight defending each other , not between us . 
  we should be each others helping hand . 
  after the wars in the beginning of the 20th century venizelos & kemal understood this and tried to make it happen . 
  venizelos proposed kemal for the peace nobel price & kemal send troops to athens to put flowers and pay respects on the tomb of the unknown ( greek ) soldier . 
  unfortunately this did n't carry on . 
  the destruction of the greek community in constantinople in the 50s was the beginning . 
  i think in the long run , this is a loss for the city itself . 
  and so on . 
  even today there is a casus belli against greece if we do what turkey itself has done in the black sea and what international treaties gives us the right to do in the aegean . 
  not only that , but since the end of the 70s turkish governments started to dispute areas in the aegean , even inhabited islands . 
  what for ? 
  to keep people inside turkey at bay . 
  creating an external enemy where there is n't one . 
  sad . 
  from the text you pasted : `` although a wrenching experience for families , this practice did open up opportunities for social advancement '' in other words , life was so cruel that even the abduction of their children meant better life for them . 
  of course after a few years they could very well get slaughtered by them . 
  in any case presenting the ottoman empire as something remotely civilized is a joke considering what it replaced . 
  eastern roman empire which for more than a millennium gave its people peace and prosperity . 
  it 's no coincidence that the subjects of byzantium , although of different ethnic background , retained a good memory of it . 
  even today greeks , bulgarians , serbs , romanians all remember byzantium fondly while in their collective memory the ottoman rule was the darkest of the dark ages . 
  byzantine fell to external powers . 
  the ottoman empire was hated by its own slave-subjects who continuously revolted . 
  sure ottos let their subjects have the religion of their liking . 
  of course that meant slave status , extra taxes and blood tax . 
  also ... what happened centuries ago is one thing but then again what 's happening today is n't very civilized too . 
  is it ? 
  you are right . 
  for greece 's sake that would 've been the best . 
  greece was n't allowed to go default and leave the euro then , cause the crisis was contagious . 
  since then they had the time to take measures so now they do n't fear that . 
  now imo it would be a terrible time for greece to go default ( and out of the euro ) . 
  well the cliche image of greeks smashing plates at bouzoukia is false . 
  it 's forbidden for decades and people only throw flowers . 
  also : smashing plates in weddings and on your birthday ?!? 
  huh ? 
  whereabouts in greece are you dude ? 
  yes !, 
  i read and understand much better than i write it . 
   it 's a pity though , cause as a kid i did much better ... 
  only what i remember from my grandfather ( he was french ) . 
  forgot most of it though as i did n't use it enough ... :(, 
  it 's not a matter of solidarity . 
  we have much more immigrants of our fair share . 
  the problem is that these people want to come to europe cause they ca n't live where their home is . 
  the solution would be to make it possible for them to live there . 
  but we ( the west ) destabilized many of their countries . 
  as the situation is , it is unacceptable . 
  the med has become a graveyard and the smugglers continue to get richer and richer . 
  so why not help them , where their home is ? 
  they basically want to go to germany . 
  like 99 % of them . 
  so until we found out , do you have to say something on the topic ? 
  or are you just here for some other reason ? 
  it is happening . 
  does n't it ?
