there should be varoufakis ' photo for greece !, 
  he 's half man - half souvlaki !, 
  obviously dark powers removed his divine photo !, 
  i really feel for all the secular and democratic turks that have to live under such government . 
  be strong and hopeful !, 
  out of curiosity . 
  did that made any change in their way og life ? 
  draconian measures were aplied and fail . 
  hoxha when in power in albania tried his best and failed miserably from what i 've heard from albanians . 
  daily mail . 
  also known as daily nail . 
  sure countries are not isolated systems and that 's exactly the reason why sucks remarks should be avoided . 
  as i 've already said , by a negative reaction from the public , schaueble 's remarks before the election actually helped syriza . 
  and what syriza did was awful . 
  as i said i loathe them . 
  but that does n't make schaeuble less wrong . 
  overly sensitive ? 
  perhaps . 
  die linke is in their country . 
  syriza is in another country . 
  that makes it very different . 
  dictating to another nation on how to vote ( yes that too happened and gave a boost to syriza as a negative reaction ) and then calling `` unwise '' the result , is far from what european politics used to be . 
  personally i think it 's unacceptable . 
  it 's an attitude that reminds a colony not a state . 
  it 's very demeaning . 
  surely it 's a free society and anyone can have an opinion . 
  public figures must be very cautious when expressing it though as they might cause many problems . 
  a politician also when giving an interview he/she is supposedly talking about the politics that express the electorate not personal views . 
  no one would ask schaeuble 's views on the matter had he been not a politician . 
  i hope you do realize that calling a democratic vote unwise is not very ... democratic . 
  you can say that in private but not during an interview when you have such a position ( i.e. 
  minister of another country ) . 
  i did n't vote for syriza - i loathe them - but such a remark from sch\u00e4uble , annoyed me too . 
  and * hard feelings based on ideological differences * ? 
  what is he 11 year old ? 
  and * time to learn * ? 
  what ? 
  how to vote ? 
  economy is not what makes someone european . 
  and what on earth gave you the idea that greece has a lot more common with turkey that sweden or germany ?!, 
  if you are talking about mentality , customs etc then you are dead wrong . 
  i do agree my friend . 
  one way or another the crisis will be solved . 
  what i am sick off is politicians , newspapers etc both there and here , constantly double talking , and even worse feeding vitriol to the public . 
  i do n't give a rats arse for sch\u00e4uble & varoufakis . 
  what i care is not to let them hurt the feelings of both nations . 
  i am proud to be greek and i love germany . 
  i have great friends there ( more like brothers to me actually ) . 
  double talk ad infinitum . 
  was n't mr schaeuble that said that greeks did n't vote wisely ( or something ? ) . 
  i did n't vote syriza myself but such a comment is a bit rich and now he says that varoufakis is to be respected ? 
  i thought that double talk is a greek trend ( as he himself was one of those who convinced europe about that ) . 
  it 's been many times that there were talks about growth input etc. . . and that 's all that remained . 
  talks . 
  what happened was the continuation of a program that no serious economist in the world think it solves any problem whatsoever . 
  not only for greece but for anyone . 
  it 's something of a dead end and a vicious circle . 
  the worst option actually as it leads nowhere while at the same time is killing not only economy but also society itself . 
  imho opinion any other option ( default included ) would be preferable . 
  * one folk tale is that constantine paleologos the last emperor of byzantium will return and take back constantinople . 
  fat chance he will , so turkish neighbors dont worry . 
  :d * antother one is that gorgon ( not the queen of sparta ) the sister of alexander the great , that is a mermaid , stops the ships in the sea and asks the sailors if alexander is still alive . 
  guess what happens if you tell her he 's long dead . 
  oh how nice !, 
  now they finally found security and peace they start attacking others . 
  deport the fuckers back where they came from . 
  i dont understand why the catalans want indipendence from spain . 
  are they so unhappy being part of spain ? 
  not really . 
  what is now named albania was called illyria then . 
  albania is the medieval latin name of the country , which is called shqip\u00ebri by its people , from medieval greek \u1f08\u03bb\u03b2\u03b1\u03bd\u03af\u03b1 albania , besides variants albanitia or arbanitia . 
  alba from the latin albus ( white ) . 
  white mountains ( snowy ) = albania so back then albania or albanon was used for many mountainous places ( like the one east of armenia ) . 
   my malaka friend , here 's an upvote for that !, 
  :d lol tip : when you say `` my malaka '' there 's no need to add friend . 
  `` my malaka '' is used only among friends . 
  this is bollocks orban says to idiots . 
  what defence is he talking about ? 
  he is a complete moron if he thinks greece can not defend its borders . 
  the idiocy that people suffers from does not allow them to realize that this is not about defending borders . 
  ffs what should greece do ? 
  sink the fucking boats ? 
  do you think we are unable to do so ? 
  we are talking about families here and not an invading army so all this `` defence `` nonsence is completely out of place . 
  so be our guests . 
  come here and `` defend '' our borders to see what the actual fuck one can do to stop boats full of families to get ashore while complying with the international law and agreements ( un , eu etc. ), 
  pah !, 
  also if we take it to the law agreements ( dublin ii etc ) , again greece does not violate them since fyrom , albania and serbia are not members of the eu and schengen area . 
  pah !, 
  | greece would have to respect its obligations which are ? 
  elaborate plz, 
  yes . 
  you are right . . polar bears deserve better ... 
  i would never guess that ... 
  sweden is a bit passe atm . 
  deport him to norway . 
  svalbard is a good destination !, 
  so you are all for it and your concerns are about the effectiveness and distribution in europe , yet you saw an `` inferiority complex '' in me ? 
  ffs that idiot we got for pm a few days back said there are no borders on the sea and yet our amoeba level wit compatriots voted in office once again . 
  i despair .
