  i 'm sure it will all turn nice !, 
  thank you for the encouragement !, 
  whether things get better here or not , do n't forget this ( greece ) is your home too . 
  you are welcome to come here for as long as you like and have all the sun in the world ( hat and sunscreen always on though ) !, 
  thank you for your kindness . 
  it 's rare these days to find someone willing to say something nice . 
  in all seriousness we are screwed . 
  short term , mid term , long term you name it . 
  i know we are going down , i have no doubt about it . 
  i just think it 's better to go down with a bit of humour than crying . 
  other than that we are done . 
  donald or not it 's their choice !, 
  that can happen to anyone be it a federation or a national state . 
  we still would have democracy . 
  just on a larger scale . 
  that alone ensures that everyones well being would be considered . 
  liberalism/socialism are irrelevant as these things change and people could vote accordingly . 
  we would have far better coordination though etc. 
  i guess the same worries troubled the minds of americans years ago . 
  today though its crystal clear that united are stronger and better . 
  i am all for eu and i 'm not a socialist myself . 
  the sooner we have a federation the better for all . 
  ok i 'll give you that !, 
  i bet though you do n't you have any chateaux ? 
  [ this ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/28295613.jpg ) marvel is in the same place as the tower ( in peloponnese , filiatra ) . 
  the guys there have some serious taste !, 
  you ca n't compete that !, 
  i know you 're very jealous now !, 
  all they know is raising taxes ( which makes businesses non competitive ) . 
  tens of thousands of businesses went to bulgaria cause of that . 
  if it werent for syriza then growth would certainly be bigger . 
  greece stroank !, 
  hahahaaaa, 
  yeap it is filiatra !, 
  troll mayor ? 
  but why ? 
  the dude is a visionary !, 
  such a tower is unique !, 
  hahahahha the french are soooo jealous of us !, 
  well eat your socks out !, 
  in peloponese , also have a nice [ tower ] ( https://helectra.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/cf80cf8dcf81ceb3cebfcf82.jpg ) . 
  i bet you dont have anything similar !, 
  herr schauble wants it and acts for it . 
  in germany also many politicians told him to stop . 
  if they go to mulder 's and scully 's hands i wont mind . 
  but i wont tolerate the smoking man to read them . 
  i 'm sure it isnt in doubt but there needs to be some clarification . 
  which eu version are we talking about ? 
  schauble 's * ( without greece ) or schultz 's ( hopefully with greece in it ) . 
  if it 's the former then i feel like sitting on the fence . 
  so what germans mean by eu nowadays ? 
  * works for a grexit ( to state the obvious ), 
  you are n't bro !, 
  the man is a poet !, 
  very nice !, 
  a short dick blames the ( pussy 's ) hair . 
  lets give the job to schauble !, 
  lol / s, 
  beautiful !, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  many reasons . 
  different situations , different aproach from the troika . 
  much harsher measures taken to the extend they created problems . 
  and yes , there were huge mistakes done by the troika . 
  the imf made many announcements about them too . 
  are they ? 
  close to where the bomb was found is a large oil instalation , railway etc. 
  better safe than sorry . 
  out of curiosity . 
  is that kind of thinking ( i.e. 
  about italy , choosing between eu countries based on interests etc ) common in german society ? 
  edit : also what did you push for during tusk 's days ? 
  x-men : turkish seismic revenge !, 
  plot : gulen strikes erdogan with quakes , erdo is saved by his divine grace and dancing powers . 
  what happened ? 
  lost your marbles ( no pun intended ) ? 
  just a coincidence !, 
  again . 
  those were the good times !, 
  * sigh *, 
  they 'll eventually tell 'em that . 
  that was schauble 's plan all along . 
  not to help but to kick greece out of the eurozone and present it to his electorate : `` yeah your money 's gone but they are punished for it . 
  meanwhile with all this help we gave greece we saved our banks '' . 
  the only way the money could be paid back is to help the economy grow not to insist on passing laws on what taxes ( more taxes ) are going to be implemented in 2018-2019 !, 
  so far the `` medicine '' given was rather toxic . 
  for instance : 10s of thousants of businesses gone to bulgaria where the taxes are much lower . 
  greece !, 
  we have a budget surplus though !, 
  : s edit : in spain it 's 42.90 % http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/youth-unemployment-rate, 
  youth unemployment ? 
  around 50 % here . 
  no kidding . 
  i 'm sure it does ( the speech between the governments ) . 
  false data to make certain impressions etc etc. 
  hence the situation is fruitless . 
  there was never and never will ( not as long a schauble with his agenda is in that position ) going to be a frank attitude from his govt . 
  dont worry about our patients , we prefer to be able to defend our country . 
  pretty soon the external dangers are going to be stronger and every country will be on its own . 
  i too agree that its better your country does the same as the iwf ( not very hopeful though as they are not as frank as the iwf-they gain a lot with our losses ) .
