  the debt ration sky rocketed to 178 % of the gdp , the average citizen lost 35 % of his income , 60 % or the youth is without work and so on . 
  no one in greece ever said that debts should n't be paid . 
  but one should be given the chance to do so . 
  even the imf admitted that what was done was wrong . 
  yet our eu partners refuse to see it for many reasons . 
  none of them is sane or justifiable though . 
  `` they gave money to save german and french banks , not greece , '' paolo batista , one of the executive directors of international monetary fund told greek private alpha tv on tuesday . 
  video : english with greek subtitles https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=migpcfse7re edit : also watch this german documentary about troika https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6anwbwem6u in german https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nygowurhci0 in french, 
   he `` austerity '' measures were nothing more than requirements for greek governments to actually fix greece 's problems . 
  and a 3 % surplus that isnt enough anymore for troika ... a surplus in a shrinking economy . 
  that 's new in economic theory . 
  true !, 
  that 's proven to not work though as those loans were given under strict austerity measures . 
  recession was guaranteed under such contitions . 
  after all this the debt rose from 112 % to 178 % because the economy shrunk . 
  it must be a typo . 
  i think it should read `` blue '' eyes . 
  havinh said that , brown eyes in european populations are different in color ( much lighter brown ) than of populations from other continents . 
  thanks for the info . 
  take care !, 
  `` no one believes greece anymore '' . 
  so did they trust the former government ? 
  why did they kept postponing the release of agreed doses since last june then ? 
  honestly , i do n't think they truly want to help greece and are always finding some reason . 
  regardless of the government . 
  as i 've already said ... 
  i wish it were n't but it seems inevitable now . 
  borrowing in itself is irrelevant . 
  too much of it is another thing . 
  i agree with the rest . 
  of course that would n't happen in any case cause too many parties had strong interests on that ( the excessive borrowing ) to happen . 
  a government is fully aware and probably asked a certain bank to borrow as much as possible to another government . 
  why ? 
  cause with the borrowed money they 'll buy a shitload of arms ( for example ) and so keep the local industry afloat . 
  it 's a double win . 
  both industry stays strong and have another country ( in debt ) to control . 
  hence the bank will be protected and not break up . 
  of course the biggest fault is on the greek governments that were interested to provide a false high standard of living fooling the electorate that they are doing a good job . 
  i never said that the money should n't be paid back . 
  in order to pay them back though , you must be given the chance to do so . 
  austerity is n't the way to do it . 
  also , the country borrowed the money from banks . 
  it 's half the truth though to call the governments that did so corrupt - they certainly were - and not the banks too . 
  the bankers are being paid large salaries and receive bonuses to do exactly that : assess the risks and then decide . 
  it 's their job . 
  both failed miserably . 
  the greek governments to act on the interest of the people they supposedly serve . 
  the banks to do their job : assess the risk when giving loans . 
  and face the consequences for that risk . 
  what happened is : - that greeks were doomed to a dark future - the banks took no risk in reality as the public were forced to pay for their risks . 
  and do not believe that the bankers were fooled or did n't know what was happening . 
  or the politicians did n't know about these loans given to greece . 
  the fact that greece was run with borrowed money is irrelevant . 
  all ez were and do run with borrowed money . 
  it 's not that simple as you present it . 
  exactly so !, 
  the billions spend never went to greece . 
  they were well spend to buy greek bonds from those banks . 
  they did n't lose face , not home nor abroad . 
  they bought a private bank debt and made it a public one . 
  why call it a conspiracy theory when it 's all open facts ? 
  they protected their interests . 
  they would never allow it though , as certain banks would have serious problems . 
  so the `` solution '' to the problem was to implement austerity - knowing that would solve nothing - to give more time to the banks and force a grexit when the time was right . 
  i am no fan of syriza myself and i do n't agree with most of what they do . 
  on the other hand the previous government did everything asked by the troika and still things were going from bad to worse . 
  no hope on the horizon and news about new loans upon loans while everything seemed to crumble . 
  that 's the reason some people voted syriza too ( it was a 4 % political party just a few years back ) . 
  it would be much better had we default at the start of the crisis . 
  now with syriza it will only get worse . 
  i hope it does n't happen but i 'm afraid it 's inevitable . 
  i think this was the plan from the start , since the crisis begun . 
  since there was no way to throw a member out of the ez they implemented policies that lead to nothing but more loans etc. 
  and now with tsipras they 've found the perfect excuse to make it happen . 
  hahahahahha data is the `` false truth '' now !, 
  it 's good you wo n't reply anymore . 
  it would be too idiotic . 
  blah blah blah lies !, 
  show me my lies . 
  can you ? 
  do n't do commerce with russians says their # 1 commercial partner . 
  i showed how much of a hypocrite you are . 
  you 're bigoted against the truth dude . 
  you are bigoted against greece . 
  that 's for certain . 
  you say that greece has n't enforced sanctions against russia . 
  it did so far . 
  and in a much worse economical situation too . 
  also yes it is hypocritical to still be russia 's # 1 commercial partner and use that kind of language against others . 
  check out which eu countries `` imposing '' sanctions on russia are still selling arms to them . 
  so hypocritical it 's laughable . 
  no south stream !, 
  that will freeze the ukrainians '' - well how about north stream ? 
  - `` irrelevant !, 
  north stream is a. ok '' - well turn off north stream you * hypocrite * before pointing fingers for the non-existing south stream . 
  is that clear enough ? 
  also fyi i do n't like tsipras and did n't vote for him . 
  i also do n't like putin . 
  i can still spot hypocrites and bigots though . 
  irrelevant ?
