  wtf !, 
  where the fuck did you see greece asking money from bulgaria or romania ? 
  why do n't you get your head out of your arse ? 
  you are only seeing shit there . 
  it is . 
  and everyone knows it . 
  and it was pointed out ad infinitum . 
  and out of proportions too . 
  to an extend that it makes it much larger that is really is . 
  it 's called circle_jerk after the zillionth time . 
  honestly nuking us would be a more humane alternative . 
  well see the original comment . 
  hardly a joke . 
  just a jump to the cliches bashing train . 
  tis the sign of the times i guess , everyone 's a critic not because they stand on solid ground or have something useful to say ... but only because they have an asshole . 
  now that 's a very shallow remark is n't it ? 
  that `` they democratically voted hence they are responsible for everything '' mantra is unacceptably wrong . 
  1st of all we were forced to do some things by the troika . 
  wrong things as it is already proven . 
  2nd voting for a government is n't a carte blanche for all that governments actions . 
  you should know that . 
  you 'd be amazed to find it is not the case . 
  for instance the russians made a bid to buy the railways and that was block under pressure for the eu even when it was them that forced the privatization of the railways . 
  greece wo n't move into the `` russian / chinese geopolitical sphere '' . 
  make no mistake about it . 
  doing business with them is one think , getting under their influence is another and no one wants that . 
  it is more likely that greece as gets isolated in the eu will move further into the us geopolitical sphere . 
  even syriza is pro american and pro nato . 
  in fact they 've already proposed that the main us base in crete should expand to another ( karpathos ) island too . 
  in fact when it comes to varoufakis sometimes it is rather difficult not to make jokes . 
  the guy might have a few points but he 's certainly a clown . 
  god ... we missed the chance to ged rid of that clown . 
  he 'll continue with great confidence to ruin my country ... 
  i was being sarcastic to / r/pier _ from_rieti for having the nerve to make ironic comments when he comes from the most corrupt country in europe . 
  by far the most corrupt and on a whole different level . 
  greece , italy : rank 69 albania : rank 110 http://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/results, 
  i know well how to pay my taxes and i am doing so . 
  thank you . 
  it 's quite a joke though for you to make snide remarks coming from a country with far more corruption . 
  hardly in a position to give advice to anyone do n't you think ? 
  greece , italy : rank 69 albania : rank 110 http://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/results, 
  true !, 
  any hints on paying taxes from your country ? 
  which means ? 
  hardly a mob attack this one . 
  huh ? 
  koreans , japanese and chinese getting attacked in greece ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  source please . 
  indeed they are . 
  they always have been so !, 
  check his username !, 
  pedos need to be shot !, 
  ... should always take `` precautionary measures '' everywhere . 
  especially in poor places . 
  so if greece is to be left out of the eu , what about the borders of croatia ? 
  serbia ( is n't in the eu ) , ukraine , russia , belarus ? 
  in all fairness the eu doesnt seem more concerned bout it too . 
  everyone is looking for its countries interest in that matter too . 
  see what happened about quotas . 
  also would you care to see how long a wall should be ? 
  3,145 kms might be short . 
  and where do you put it ? 
  eu 's borders are not a straight line as the us-mexico border is ... 
  you should n't feel responsible for other people 's actions . 
  there are crooks and murderers in every country . 
  you should . 
  well it did n't seem to do anything for the americans and they do have the technology . 
  and where exactly would a wall be built ? 
  even the great wall in china historically made little difference . 
  it 's not the lack of border controls that lead immigrants from the se to the north . 
  quite the contrary . 
  because of the dublin ii accord once they enter in the country we stop them to go to another eu country . 
  i would expect that if we are no longer bind by that accord then they will be freed to leave the country . 
  i hope it wo n't get to this . 
  i 've already answered `` papakonstantinou 's bollocks to cover up his shit . '', 
  does n't need for one to even ask this . 
  ffs how can anyone believe that shit ? 
  can anyone believe that every time there was elections here the tax office burned their books so taxes would n't be collected ? 
  btw taxes are not collected no one comes to your door asking for them . 
  they send you a bill - electronically - and a date before which you have to pay . 
  if you do n't then the consequences are pretty much automated . 
  you ca n't do anything as you would n't have a certificate about not owing taxes , which is needed by law for every transaction imaginable . 
  bollocks of the highest order covered up with bullshit . 
  is that a clear enough answer ? 
  just because something is written in a book doesnt make it reality . 
  have n't read that one but judging by this : ** `` icelanders wanted to stop fishing and become investment bankers . 
  the greeks wanted to turn their country into a pinata stuffed with cash and allow as many citizens as possible to take a whack at it . 
  the germans wanted to be even more german ; the irish wanted to stop being irish . 
  '' ** it certainly is simplistic crap aimed at the `` angry '' `` common sense '' readers who want their emotions justified rather than digg deeper . 
  papakonstantinou 's bollocks to cover up his shit . 
  the guy would be a joke had he not caused so much destruction with his actions and lies . 
  btw the guy is under judicial investigations for covering up his relatives tax evasion . 
  very often you 'll hear the most inspiring words from people that secretly do the opposite . 
  this is how propaganda makes people go blind : he is 77 years old . 
  http://news.yahoo.com/crying-greek-pensioner-story-behind-poignant-photo-003339650.html if i were in your shoes i 'd worry for myself and cry harder than this grandpa . 
  i tried to write that post in a humorous way . 
  i do n't share syriza 's logic on the matter and personally i 'm gon na vote for yes . 
  having said that , i lost any trust to what the imf says , years ago . 
  it is known that from the very start many inside the imf disagreed on the imf proposals exactly for that reason : that the proposed programs would not be viable and that they 'd save private banks and not greece .
