  if you are driving and wearing a balaclava mask and the traffic police stops you and ask you to take off that mask so to identify you will you do it ? 
  the problem with the burka is that the wo n't take it off so to be identified . 
  as for the numbers , they aint just `` one '' . 
  we are a bit kinky !, 
  originally there were only capital letter in greek . 
  during the time of koine language ( aka after alexander the great ) use lower case letter came into use ( cause many foreigners wanted to learn greek and it should be made easy ) . 
  you should also know that up to that time , there were no spaces between the words . 
  hiding your facial characteristics is the purpose of a veil . 
  that 's a problem . 
  it 's always been and nowadays it 's even bigger . 
  no coincidence that bank robbers cover their faces and they do n't wear a turban . 
  it 's no coincidence that all around the world , even muslim societies ban ( or going to ban ) the veil . 
  i know of no incidence or any talk whatsoever to ban lets say the sikh turban . 
  nope in the case of a face veil there are practical problems . 
  one can not be indentified . 
  that 's a whole other level . 
  does a crucifix make your identification difficult ? 
  i do agree . 
  then the burka should be banned only during public assemblies . 
  it doesnt matter if it 's a religious sign or not . 
  it 's a face cover . 
  when face covers are allowed then it should be allowed when not it should be banned . 
  good but too little i 'm afraid . 
  is it ok by the law * if i wear a [ balaclava mask ] ( http://images.prod.meredith.com/product/534f021a16187eda797e643258e45ac6/976871b5566e2e2b017e46484bbae7eb1b930a13a693438479ece0dc2705f0ed/l/knit-winter-face-ski-snowboard-mask-3-hole-winter-beanie-neck-warmer-balaclavas ) in a public place ( the town square , while walking etc ) ? 
  if it is n't then there should be a complete ban in public places . 
  they can wear whatever they wish while at home . 
  everything else is hypocrisy . 
  * in greece it is n't , yet there is no burka ban . 
  double standards anyone ? 
  yes . 
  nope !, 
  hema = blood in greek phagos ( gian ) = eater in greek hematophagian = blood eater ( check as vampire though ) :d, 
  off topic your username gives me the creeps man !, 
  it 's like something out of the x-files . 
  brrrrrrr end off topic, 
  again , you 're mixing things up due to your own preconceptions . 
  greeks do n't complain cause they feel it 's not their fault . 
  nor they complain about austerity itself . 
  they do complain that although they do - rightfuly many sacrifices - the `` plan '' that was forced upon them doesnt provide a solution . 
  if this carries on forever , the problem will still be there . 
  clear enough ? 
  as for working , you 've got to be kidding to mention that . 
  greeks do work hard , they migrated a lot ( since the 1950s and also nowadays ) . 
  as for the salaries , pensions etc , they are to be compared to the cost of living . 
  again the complain is nothing about you think . 
  yep !, 
  it seems troika is the purgatory . 
  makes sense as dr schauble has a law doctorate . 
  he 's head of the punishment division !, 
  you 've got it all mixed up . 
  you compare bulgaria with greece . 
  two very different kind of problems , 2 very different outcomes . 
  bulgaria 's problems where caused by communism . 
  as much as a crisis hit it , bulgaria was already on its knees because of communism . 
  greece on the other hand has its problems due to populistic policies . 
  you cant compare apples and oranges . 
  you say greeks are not victims . 
  ** who the hell said otherwise . 
  show me please . 
  ** what we say is that yes we fucked up but no what is happening atm doesnt work . 
  proof ? 
  the reality and countless economists ( nobel prize winners included ) . 
  also bulgarians werent victims . 
  the brought themselves under stalin 's boot cause the were alies to the nazis . 
  so enough with this skin deep morality cliches . 
  please . 
  yep !, 
  although it 's pretty common where i [ live ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ioannina ) . 
  the source of terrorism is confucianism . 
  it is so obvious it 's confusing !, 
  looks like calla lily flower ... 
  yep !, 
  i remember this !, 
  they are almost mandatory here !, 
  very beautiful !, 
  i wold love to live in a place so full of green !, 
  the guy is soooo tight he 's got no lips anymore . 
  tells something about his psyche . 
  the vote was about a certain bail-out program . 
  not against all bailouts etc. 
  in fact the question in the referendum did n't even made much sense and lots of people did n't vote to show they condemn it . 
  many politicians and constitutional experts said it was not valid . 
  and it never came into effect . 
  never voted for them , never will . 
  i ca n't wait to see them gone . 
  that said you should know that syriza was ( and in reality still is ) a party that got 4 % of the vote . 
  so why suddenly lots of people voted for them ? 
  out of desperation and cause they 've lost confidence to the parties that traditionally got the vote and ruled ( nd and pasok ) . 
  you see these were the parties that brought us in this mess . 
  in my mind it was dumb to do so ( as i said i 've never voted for syriza ) but you 've got to understand the true circumstances . 
  even with all that syriza ( a leftist party ) had to ally with a far right party ( anel ) so be be able to form a government . 
  their days are numbered , all the polls show that nd ( center-right ) is going to be the next government . 
  so please do n't be hasty to condemn us all . 
  in a thread that talks about turkish military firing live rounds in our territory waters and near an inhabited island , all your posts are about how shitty is our govt and how tired you are with greece . 
  well remember that the next time you whine about russian aggression . 
  let them get into bucharest and i 'll be here to tell you the same . 
  some people have lost the plot completely . 
  honestly ? 
  it doesnt matter one bit that it isnt flattering , it matters that it makes no sense whatsoever . 
  on the other hand you equalize the aggressor with the victim .
