   really pathetic to think the eu would let greek suffer from medicine shortage after all we did to rescue it . 
  never heard such a ridiculous nonesense on reddit before . 
  it is happening . 
  not just now but for years . 
  you are misinformed . 
  you can google it yourself but here 's an article from the guardian : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jun/08/greek-drug-shortage-worsens it mentions how multiple sclerosis medication was hard to get in 2012 . 
  now it is much worse . 
  here 's another one from cnn : http://edition.cnn.com/2013/03/12/world/europe/greece-drugs-shortage/ quote from the article : `` 45-year-old morfo karadona says a new fear has entered her life . 
  `` i have been battling cancer for the last six years . 
  now i ca n't find the drugs i need . 
  ensuring i get my treatment every two weeks is a matter of life and death for me . '', 
  again that article is from 2013 . 
  now the situation is far worse . 
  do you still find it pathetic ? 
  or ridiculous nonsense ? 
  you are so right !, 
  we never change ... 
  but is anyone really ( does change ) ? 
  did you ? 
  yeah i know but things are a bit more complicated : there was a surplus . 
  how ? 
  while we had a 30 % decrease at average to our incomes and a 270 % increase in taxes . 
  this kind of surplus doesnt help the economy to bounce back . 
  also , writing off part of the debt would have been a better option before it was turned into a public one . 
  before european governments lent money to greece for the sole purpose to buy this debts from the banks it was owned . 
  the debt was owned to private banks now it is owned to governments . 
  also that money - most of it - was not payed per se but was rather guaranteed by the european governments . 
  this of course meant that we did n't go bankrupt but the debt still is there . 
  not only that , it was increased relatively to the how the economy shrunk . 
  the troika program ( that imf already acknowledged it was wrong ) had some serious side effects . 
  so the money borrowed to us kept the debt and hurt our economy more . 
  at the same time the governments of the lender nations had a positive outcome . 
  for them to go to the markets and borrow money not only became cheaper than ever but in some cases they achieved negative rates . 
  all 'n all it is not as simple as it was presented . 
  even if syriza never took the power here and the previous government was still in power the troika program could not go on . 
  the previous government did everything it was asked but some things could not go on for long . 
  it simply doesnt work . 
  they taxed the living daylights out of us . 
  people are struggling to afford the taxes : if you are homeless you owe the state 150 euros . 
  if you have an income of 11000 euros/year , you have to pay 5000 euros in taxes . 
  some reforms might also look `` fine '' on paper but in reality they will cause a huge social problem . 
  an example : pensions were lowered about 35 % by the previous governments ( troika program ) . 
  now we are asked to lower them more . 
  what 's missing here is that with a youth unemployment of 60 % and a general one of 27 % , many families live with the support of their parents pensions . 
  your should know that in greece one can have unemployment benefits for only 6 months . 
  and by far most of the unemployed do n't even get that . 
  as i said the situation is more complicated . 
  this . 
  or a way to show greece the door and do n't keep the blame . 
  hahahahaha imagine our despair having tsipras to govern us ( remember he only got 36 % of the vote . 
  the rest of us 64 % do n't want to see him ) . 
   * `` then you are in the same position as in mid 2014 when there was optimism among european social democrats that a third rescue package for greece should include momentarily measurements to stimulate the economy . 
  '' * thats like having faith in a promise that was never given . 
  do n't get me wrong please , i am not saying you 're wrong . 
  all i am saying is that for people here after 7 long years there is still no light on the horizon . 
  no one is talking - yet - about that . 
  no one is saying : do all these difficult , hard things and there !, 
  there is the prospect of hope . 
  as people here see it , it is just delaying the inevitable . 
  i simply do n't know anymore , and certainly i do n't trust anyone ( our government , the eu whatever ), 
  very different situations imo . 
  totally different . 
  it is already happening . 
  i am not referring to the 6000 + suicides because of economic reasons . 
  to give you an example : in 2011 my father had a heart surgery . 
  afterwards he had to stay for a few days in the intensive care unit and then for another few in a normal hospital room . 
  the minute the got him out of the surgery room , they gave me a paper with all the drugs i should go buy and bring them so they provide it to my father . 
  i had the money and bought all of them . 
  others do n't . 
  there are clinics that stopped chemos that use expensive ( the new ones ) medicine too . 
  i do agree about tsipras . 
  have n't voted for him , do n't like him . 
  there 's one thing he 's right though : say for a minute he agrees on everything . 
  that will drive away the chance for default and a grexit . 
  then what ? 
  the burden ( the debt ) will not only be here but it will keep getting bigger as the economy will shrink . 
  the economy surely is going to shrink for many reasons : higher taxes ( see vat and not only ) , huge unemployment and many other reasons . 
  among them the demand for constant surpluses ( over 3 % ) . 
  anyway , it 's certain we are screwed and tsipras himself is one of the factors for that ( but not the only ) . 
  i am very pessimistic . 
  spot on !, 
  nothing will be easy or smooth my friend . 
  as i said hell will break loose ( for us ) . 
  people will certainly die in the process ( am not talking about unrest but due to medicine shortages etc. ), 
  i have no trust to our bureaucracy at all . 
  none whatsoever . 
  it would n't be something i 'd choose . 
  it seems inevitable though : - a grexit and all the hardships it means or - a deal that is only kicking the can down the road and will lead to a grexit in a few years while suffocating till then . 
  to my understanding there is no chance on a deal that would truly address the problem and end the crisis ( even if it would take time and lots of effort ) . 
  as i said , not my choices . 
  only what i currently see is happening . 
  are n't they supposed to live in the wild too ? 
  did n't see them anywhere ... 
  thanks but i 'm not so sure . 
  no kangaroos at all in austria !, 
  none !, 
  hell will brake loose ( for us ) . 
  but maybe - just maybe - the process of fixing the economy will start again . 
  in reality - except for the severe economic pains for us - it 's terra incognita . 
  if the deal to be made is not something that addresses and fixes problems but once again is only kicking the can down the road , then it might be better to default and wave bbye to euro .
