  no way !, 
  i do agree , the burden must be shared but this idiot must learn to speak like an adult . 
  guys , do n't take this guy seriously . 
  he 's a fcuking clown and was given a position in the government only because his party gave syriza the necessary back to form a government . 
  btw his name kammenos means burnt in greek . 
  and we often use this word ( i.e. 
  kammenos ) to point out that someone 's lost it . 
  he looks really pissed on that photo ... 
  what a great idea it would be , if we could move eu somewhere in the south pacific . 
  why ? 
  everyone learns english here . 
  it is not only tought in schools - among other langauges - but everyone has private lessons too . 
  in fact i would expect a higher percentage . 
  only old ( really old ) people dont speak english here . 
  anyway , i hope it was a nice surprize for you . 
  seriously the man is a joke and this government a bad joke . 
  hmmm we 've got plenty of cougars though . 
  surely this must count for something . 
  what a beautiful animal !, 
  i hope they succeed !, 
  who says they dont want to go to bulgaria ? 
  oh someone on the internet . 
  it must be true then . 
  i do n't know about the majority but sure , some ask for sharia law . 
  what 's funny though is that none of them ask for sharia law when caught doing something wrong . 
  for example stealing , drinking alcohol ( not punishable by secular law ) or gambling ( not punishable by secular law ) . 
  i think you read it out of context . 
  he means well with this . 
  he only says greece wo n't leave to ease the pressure . 
  does he say what to do with a woman that does n't stay silent ? 
  and in any case , that too proves the way christians are taught & perceive their religion . 
  they do n't take everything literally and they do n't feel they should self-act . 
  exactly that !, 
  the new testament says to kill women and to shut the fuck up in church huh ? 
  where does it say that ? 
  well done czechs !, 
  this should happen everywhere in europe . 
  misinformed idiots that put not only their children but other peoples ' children in danger for no reason whatsoever . 
  jimmy kimmel is spot on !, 
  true !, 
  but our czech friends need not to worry about it . 
  i do n't think our team will win a euro cup again for the next 2.000 years . 
  yeah !, 
  you are right about them being die-hard communists . 
  you see this is also the reason they found themselves there . 
  after wwii we did n't have enough bloodshed also we had a civil war . 
  the communists lost it and so they fled to the then east europe . 
  poland , east germany , ussr you name it . 
  some of them ( the lucky ones ) found themselves there . 
  others - certainly unlucky - found themselves in the ussr and were treated with extreme hospitality ( i.e. 
  exile to central asia ) . 
  that 's no news . 
  but if eu fails , it will be of its own wrong policies . 
  lack of willing to truly integrate for instance . 
  putin has no power over eu nations in reality . 
  i agree !, 
  it 's love from afar !, 
  would n't want it any other way , 
  i do n't think russians will ever attack us . 
  not because putin like us , but because of long / centuries old friendship and ties between the 2 nations . 
  as for instability due to economic failure , sure that is a possible scenario . 
  i am afraid a very possible one as the `` programs '' for the economy look like mission impossible . 
  all this time the `` medicine '' given to us was quite toxic . 
  but i do n't think this will mean becoming best buddies with putin though . 
  that has nothing to do with putin though . 
  also what gives you the idea that if the '' * further programs now fail * '' greece will become unstable ? 
  unstable has a different meaning of what you try to express . 
  and nope . 
  greece does n't want anything to do with putin 's russia . 
  only some extremists ( like golden dawn ) would want that . 
  edit : perhaps you mean unreliable ? 
  why ? 
  thank you czechs !, 
  we luv you too !, 
  impressive !, 
  what on earth do you talk about ? 
  i made a question '' * any source on that * ? '', 
  and you call it a demand ?!?!?!? 
  and yeah these were arrests made ( without clarifying the reason for the arrests ) not the number of immigrants crossing the borders illigaly !, 
  ffs stop lying . 
  in 2010 only , ** 132,524 ** persons were arrested for `` illegal entry or stay '' in greece . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/greece-illegal-immigration-midst-crisis are you * that * hypocritical ? 
  you have the right to your opinion and i have the right to dismiss it as the misinformed hypocritical drivel that it is . 
  cause your * opinion * is not based on any fact and it is also very insulting . 
  that fact also is that nothing in the article we are discussing has been put forth yet . 
  did you miss that too ? 
  also i never said that you are a syriza fun . 
  no such a suggestion was made . 
  where did you see it ? 
  can you quote it please ? 
  or it it that you are `` seeing things '' again ? 
  and fear mongering ? 
  where on earth did you see that ? 
  you are not responsible to inform people outside greece - thank god - but please stop giving false info . 
  you are not giving an opinion only false info that is not supported by any fact . 
  you are only hasty to tag others as racists . 
  do you have any other cliches to hit us with ? 
  you can downvote me to kingdom come - as if i care - but what i just said is what happened with ragkousis ' law and anyone can find that with a little google search . 
  how low can you go ? 
  '' * but some non-greeks enter greece legally .
