  a certain one just got a sit in the un human rights committee instead of being boycott . 
  this is unfair for israel . 
  well done denmark !, 
  huge respect !, 
  norway or france, 
  `` we want ~ ~ benefits ~ ~ asylum , and we want it now '' or else ... 
  good news for a change . 
  me too ... after all muslims supposedly have nothing to do with extremists . 
  that 's the narrative i hear . 
  i dont think they are smugglers . 
  journalist says so but them arriving so casually and waving at the camera is far fecthed . 
  could be very well setted up . 
  hahahhahaha ultra kitsch is hot chez tayip !, 
  well this is very rare . 
  i dont even know of it happening ( boats going back and forth ) . 
  actually have n't seen any such video . 
  care to share a few ? 
  i can show you many of worthless boats arriving and sinking or crushing . 
  the `` boats '' are usually a worthless dingie . 
  it is very rare that there 's a crew on those boats . 
  that 's the reason the traffickers sell the immigrants worthless craps and dangerous boats . 
  that 's the reason so many accidents happen . 
   so lying to them and then detaining them for over a month without charge . 
  time is irrelevant cause obviously they did n't expect such high numbers of immigrants to show up . 
  they 'll use whatever time is needed . 
  there is n't any agreement they did n't follow . 
   the country 's public human rights officer said conditions some refugees were kept in , with poor sanitary conditions and little access to medical or legal assistance , were worse than in prisons . 
  inhumane treatment you say ? 
  how moronic . 
  prisons are institutions that were planned and formed over many years . 
  it 's understandable that in prisons access to sanitary conditions and medical/legal assistance is good . 
  here we are talking about a sudden influx . 
  a situation that suddenly happened . 
   i 'm 100 % right on this , i do n't know what you 're smoking . 
  nope you are not . 
  you are just enjoying a ride on your high horse . 
  which is quite pathetic . 
   if they were going to be charged they should have been put in jail to wait for trial . 
  they were n't , they were kept in holding facilities without telling them why they were kept in holding facilities cause they entered a sovereign country illegally . 
  not hard to understand . 
  is it ? 
  first you claim that all this immigrant traffic doesnt happening with the blessings of the turkish government and then you ask * `` why should n't turkey use this for its own benefit . 
  any other country would do the same . 
  '' * an nice contradiction . 
  an oxymoron of the highest degree . 
  you should stop talking about arses and start working hard to become less of a moron . 
  you have to see it in writing , yes ? 
  so it 's all a coincidence that migrants and turkey 's negotiations for eu entry are being discussed . 
  clearly a coincidence . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  the same accusations were made against us when we detain them in camps ( the ones idiot tsipras closed ) . 
  where on earth did you find that free movements without papers and illegal entry to a country is a human right ? 
  and why should any country would be blamed for not putting valuable resources to accommodate them ? 
  take your head out of the sand . 
  nope the source is n't my arse . 
  cant say about yours though . 
  have a look : http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/18/uk-europe-migrants-germany-turkey-idukkcn0sc08020151018, 
   it 's clear that the turkish government use them as a leverage for the negotiations for eu entry . 
  greece does have the necessary manpower . 
  greece stopped the migrants entering from the land borders with turkey . 
  on land one can do many things . 
  a fence and some guards are enough . 
  on the islands it 's a different story though . 
  you ca n't put fences on the beaches . 
  you ca n't leave them on the sea to drown . 
  why is this so difficult to see ? 
  no we are not `` generally '' speaking here . 
  it 's clear that the turkish government use them as a leverage for the negotiations for eu entry . 
  greece does have the necessary manpower . 
  greece stopped the migrants entering from the land borders with turkey . 
  on land one can do many things . 
  a fence and some guards are enough . 
  on the islands it 's a different story though . 
  you ca n't put fences on the beaches . 
  you ca n't leave them on the sea to drown . 
  why is this so difficult to see ? 
  clearly this is happening with the blessings of the turkish government . 
  that fucktard erdogan is getting more disgusting by the day . 
  could they be in denial ? 
  there 's a slight difference though . 
  mormon foundamelism is a super tiny minority in the christian world while wahabism is not and groing stronger each day in the muslim world . 
  in fact it seems to be the second most export product of said country . 
  seriously ?!?!?!, 
  he knows how to say [ china ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdrfe9i8_hs ) . 
  it does matter buddy !, 
  i wish germany a happy birthday anyway !, 
  happy birthday germany !, 
  mountainous terrain . 
  there many roads , not highways though . 
  wait !, 
  what ? 
  err keep them , keep them !, 
  our thoughts and prayers are with you italian brothers !, 
  be strong !, 
  homer got born in an area that now is in turkey . 
  so they list him there . 
  hahahaha, 
  is aristotle more famous than plato ? 
  or alexander the great ? 
  or archimedes ?
