  true !, 
  also it must be noted that in the areas the belonged to the finnish empire till 7349 bc everyone spoke the same language . 
  it sounded like `` kakakaka kakaa kaaka kakakaka '' . 
  in the rest of europe the predominant language sounded like : `` oug oogh ouoogh oog '', 
  what are you talking about ? 
  greeks are by definition western as they are both the start and the edge of west . 
  dont think about these terms ( east-west ) while in the same entity ( roman empire ) . 
  think of it in comparison to the rest of the world . 
  actually renaissance by far owes its existance to byzantines that found refuge in italy after the fall of constantinople . 
  edit : also you forget that the empire ( the east part ) had always problems with the arabs and persians even before islam . 
  there are many wars to prove it . 
  surely after islam was introduced the antithesis with those people ( arabs , persians ) got even stronger as another element came to make their differences even bigger . 
   basileus it mainly has the meaning of king not emperor . 
  during the 19th and 20th century we had in greece basileis ( plural of basileus ) , not emperors . 
  occasiongly it could mean emperor but it 's not as common . 
  basileus and anax predominaly mean king in greek . 
  see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basileus ) for a more complete description . 
  it isnt the major thing when it comes to burial traditions . 
  after all . . ashes to ashes and dust to dust . 
  the body to resurect isnt the natural body we 've got born with . 
  it 'll be a new spiritual one . 
  cremetion is not allowed cause jesus showed us with hiw example what to do with our dead . 
  mmm not really . 
  body is not that important according to orthodoxy . 
  t it doesnt have a `` problem '' if someone got burned in an accident or something . 
  it 's more about tradition and following jesus ' example . 
  being the founder and head of christianity , it 's natural to follow his example . 
  and as you know jesus wasnt cremated . 
  nope !, 
  basilius is a name that comes from the word basileus . 
  basileus means king . 
  so that would make him king emperor ii . 
  true !, 
  impossible the last 1000 years !, 
  monastery/ies edit : link https://www.visitmeteora.travel/en/what-to-see/the-meteora-monasteries the place is like from another world : http://dsphotographic.com/photos/meteora-greece/, 
  do n't mention it mate !, 
  mount athos is on another ... higher level . 
  i do n't mean altitude but there history is alive !, 
  truly the last place that byzantium is still alive . 
  the monasteries are totally beautiful and there are many things to see there . 
  if you are lucky the monks will give you shelter for a day or two ( but you 'll have to follow their very strict program ) . 
  it 's difficult to get a permit to enter but if you can i totally recommend it !, 
  if you ca n't , there are boats that go around it and you can see the monasteries from afar . 
  there is another side of greece that you 'll be amazed to explore . 
  its in the northwest mainland called epirus . 
  a very mountainous place , covered with forests , great nature ( bears included ) and lots of snow in the winter . 
  check out zagorochoria [ here ] ( https://agreekadventure.com/hiking-trip-exploration-in-the-zagoria-villages/ ) or zagoria ( mind you the hotels there during xmas new years eve are always almost full book in advance ) and metsovo ( 2 small ski resorts near by and an alpine lake at 1500m altitude ) . 
  google them for pictures : - zagoria or zagorochoria - metsovo - piges aoou, 
  well it gives one a good sense of mortality . 
  it 's actually very hard for the relatives that attend the day the bones are collected . 
  one the other hand it gives you a clear sign that your person is gone and you should get on with your life . 
  this thing with the skulls and skeletons ... is actually a tradition in greece . 
  pretty much everyone here knows that some day his/her bones are going to such a room one day . 
  you see the tradition here is that after a few years ( 5 , 7 , 9 it depends ) the grave is dug and the bones are collected . 
  they put them in such a room . 
  it 's called osteofylakion ( bone warehouse ) . 
  actually it is rare that someone will stay in his/her grave forever . 
  creepy i know !, 
  the revolts i 'm talking about were the janissary stuff . 
  i 'm talking about peoples revolts to be liberated . 
  oh and yes , there were/still are places that prefer to be part of britain than on their own ( or merge with a local state ) . 
  gibraltar comes in mind . 
  really ? 
  i worried for a moment . 
  i thought the guy hit his head or something . 
  well there were other parts of the british empire that did n't hate it at all . 
  in the ottoman empire there were revolts ( minor or major ones ) almost once a generation . 
  almost everywhere it was ( the ottoman empire ) feels like a nightmare to the populations . 
  i honestly do n't know if there was ever an empire more hated by its subjects . 
  lets hope for the best . 
  people in turkey deserve better . 
  i 'm glad you are safe there . 
  yes i talk about last summer 's coup attempt . 
  anyway ... 
  i know there are many good and decent people there . 
  unfortunately they were n't successful into transforming their state accordingly . 
  they must be living a hell atm and i truly sympathise with them . 
  want to be fair and not talk about bloody history were everyone 's wrong ? 
  fine !, 
  how about 2012 ? 
   the measures included bombing two major mosques in istanbul , an assault on a military museum by people disguised as religious extremists ** and the raising of tension with greece through an attack on a turkish plane that was to be blamed on the aegean neighbor . 
  ** a turkish newspaper : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkeys-ergenekon-plot-case-overturned-by-top-court-of-appeals-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=98113&amp;newscatid=509 see it or not , nothing changes . 
  turks have some serious work to do to clean up their state ( and deep state ) affairs . 
  edit : the funny part is that some of them in the ergenekon sledgehammer plot might be asking for refuge in greece now . 
  ironic not ? 
  til !, 
  thanks !, 
  where it says `` louisiana '' ... is n't it a bit far north ? 
  i mean it 's canada !!, 
   there are native americans left , therefor nothing ever happened in the usa !, 
  see i told you , you are an idiot . 
  the native population in the us declined heavily . 
  slaughtered ( what happened to armenians ? 
  to greeks ? 
  rings a bell ? ), 
  the opposite happened here . 
  rotflmao, 
   i know that you were referring to the istanbul pogroms . 
  yet it had no effect on you other than ride on your high horse and talk about other things . 
  again : hypocritical .
