  really ?!?!? 
  i 'm sorry to hear so ... 
  attacking ? 
  again ? 
  dont be a retard !, 
  oops !, 
  we call it troika . 
  they fucked us so had for so long ? 
  ( no end in sight too ) that no one here thinks they should have children . 
  calm down dear . 
  no one here thinks bulgarians are retards . 
  in fact i wonder who did this map . 
  i mean portuguese sissies ? 
  why ? 
  iceland hades ? 
  ireland cyprus ? 
  byzantium is pretty accurate !, 
  are you serious ?!?!?!? 
  of course we know a lot about austria !, 
  it 's the land of kangaroos , vast deserts , lots of snakes and spiders . 
  austrians are good surfers too !, 
  so why was the german goverment been bitching when it came out that the cia spied on them ? 
  check this out : http://www.airpano.ru/files/acropolis-athens-greece/2-2, 
  cheer up mate !, 
  yours has a parking lot !, 
  i quite like the guy !, 
  i do n't wan na see him gone . 
  i like the fact that he doesnt behave like the rest eu leaders ( like they have a beach umbrella up their arses ) . 
  the only fault i can see on him is that he did n't bitchslap hard enough the eu leaders and he did n't kick tsipras in the head . 
  that is truly awful ... :(, 
  that healthybacon has gone bad !, 
  :d ffs wtf are you talking about ? 
  well i do not know about the thracian hypothesis but i know that the lithuanian language is very close to its indo-european origins . 
  the same goes for the greek language . 
  perhaps it 's because of this . 
  but this is also common roots !, 
  that name sounds greek !, 
  in fact many lithuanian surnames sound greek . 
  of course you do have a nice reputation . 
  why should n't you ? 
  i mean there are some `` heated '' feelings about certain politicians but that has nothing to do with the german people . 
  they are well liked here !, 
  oh dont !, 
  do n't make it worse by breaking up your country ... :(, 
  yes !, 
  absolutely yes !, 
  i hope you 'll never leave !, 
  there you go mate : https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/131215, 
  it 's very new to him , did n't wear . 
  well i find it very funny that people still believe that 19th century nonsense that did so much harm to humanity wherever it showed its ugly face . 
  hahahhaha you think so ? 
  you think i 'm sad with the commies or something ? 
  nope !, 
  we dont want it . 
  / r/mitros63071 might want a mitrosexit though . 
  dont know and dont care !, 
  about time !, 
  lets hope for a common army too !, 
  lol yeah some of the grandchildren of communist guerrillas from the civil war . 
  they too are starting to see beyond their families past and ditch the communist party . 
  communism was a bad idea in the 19th century . 
  in the 21st century is a bad joke . 
  so nope !, 
  i am not butthurt . 
  they are !, 
  they are the ones laughed at while disappearing . 
  lol we 've found our little stalin . 
  kke : 5,55 % ( 2015 elections ) http://ekloges.ypes.gr/current/v/public/index.html# { `` cos '' : `` main '' , `` params '' :{ } } you 're the one who 's full of shit little stalin !, 
  the days of kke are numbered . 
  it will soon be below 3 % , wo n't enter parliament and disappear . 
  the communist party of greece !, 
  these ~ ~ morons ~ ~ people are living relics . 
  i believe the still live in 1932 !, 
  unfortunately their numbers are diminishing very fast as the party voters die of old age . 
  their youngest one must be 98 years old or something . 
  such a pity ... we wo n't have the time to put them in a theme park so families could go and have fun : point and laugh at them , throw them stalin 's photos etc. 
  something like jurassic park only with more stupid reptiles . 
  why ? 
  has anyone voluntarily joined the ussr ? 
  why would the baltics volunteer ? 
  good !, 
  if the cia needs help on fighting the extremists , then by all means we should help !, 
  the guy wrote the book on arse licking !, 
  shame !, 
  they should round it to 110 years !, 
  hahahahhahaha love it !, 
  love it !, 
  forbes should n't tell that to greece . 
  they should tell it to troika . 
  they are in charge . 
  do n't pay attention to him . 
  the vast majority of people here do n't want greece to leave the eu . 
  just cause you ca n't think `` how '' , it doesnt mean that things ca n't get much worse . 
  france, 
  hey !, 
  do n't you worry at all mate !, 
   i love italy too !, 
  ... even there ... :d, 
  iceland !, 
  viva italia !,
