  both for the aegean incidents and for cyprus too . 
  forgot how many times erdogun threaten to annex cyrpus or make war in the aegean . 
  good ol' prejudice !, 
  you are entitled to that !, 
  and from all this you make the assumption that the greek govt would benefit atm with a conflict with turkey . 
  quite a jump i 'd say . 
  he was right though . 
  no unification can be made while turkish troops remain under the guise of `` safety '' reasons . 
  a eu country controled by turkey and its army ? 
  do we eu need something like that ? 
  think about it . 
  did you fell on your head ? 
  the last thing our country and its govt needs now is a conflict . 
  thank you !, 
  it sounds very odd to us !, 
  very interesting !, 
  thank you !, 
  well he 's got a point !, 
  all this sauerkraut causes some nasty farts . 
  does r with that sign above it , sound like g ? 
  just avoid women with needles in airports and you 'll be fine !, 
  go to ~ ~ north ~ ~ best korea then !, 
  problem solved !, 
  move to europe or canada !, 
  there you go !, 
  ^ for hire !, 
  i propose nothing . 
  it 's just a chat . 
  it 's simple math when it comes to economics and what it would work . 
  that 's what the article ( op ) claims . 
  when it comes to politics , i agree that what you said * `` at the moment greece serves better as a warning for other nations than the effort it would take to rehabilitate it '' * is what 's actually happening . 
  lets not call it help though . 
  austerity wo n't stop . 
  not for many years . 
  it would be helpful for the economy if there wo n't be even more austerity . 
  out budget shows a surplus as it is . 
  the money from imf , ecb etc go directly to the loans ( aka banks that gave them ) . 
  so in order for the economy to grow there 's no need for even more strict austerity . 
  well , no one asks for more money . 
  or did i miss something ? 
  you too !, 
  i am glad you do n't have any questions or problems anymore . 
  so what is your problem then ? 
  help was n't given , a solution wo n't be available and as it seems we are going out of the ez . 
  that is what i 've already said . 
  what is that you do n't `` get '' ? 
  the problem and what caused it is well known . 
  the thing now is to find a solution to it . 
  everything that 's done so far was just kicking the can down the road . 
  so whatever funds were provided by the imf , the ecb etc in reality helped the banks that gave that loans ( yes our fault that we took them ) and just postponed the inevitable : complete and total bankruptcy . 
  so that 's ( for the 3rd time ) greece 's fault but nothing is really better as it is . 
  we 've already had so many years of a bad `` situation '' ( extreme austerity ) and it 's only going to be worse . 
  i hope i made it clear . 
  is n't this logic self defeating though . 
  i mean , if you ( they , whoever ) want your money back then we need to have an economy to produce it , so to give it to you . 
  what is happening is destroying the economy . 
  austerity is good but up to a point . 
  of course we are responsible . 
  i did n't say otherwise . 
  the talk is on a different subject though . 
  is it so hard for you to see ? 
  define austerity please !, 
  i 'll tell you what it means for us so you 'll understand why we hate it . 
  just a few pointers : - hospitals that do n't have and do n't provide drugs . 
  you have to buy them yourself and bring it so it will be given to your ( relative ) patient . 
  check !, 
  - 50 % of icu ( intensive care units ) are closed . 
  check !, 
  - hospitals ( more than 40 % ) that stopped chemotherapies due to lack of drugs . 
  check !, 
  - 45 % of pensions below the poverty line . 
  45 % of pension are about 450 euros per month . 
  you should know that no other social benefits exist here so with 43 % youth unemployment , with these pension live even the young . 
  check - i live in a mountainous area in north-western greece where temperatures like -10 oc are very common . 
  70 % of people do n't have heating during winter . 
  check !, 
  - our budget in 2016 had a 2.5 % surplus . 
  we are being asked to rise taxes more in 2016 . 
  as it is nowadays 70 % of our income goes to taxes . 
  check . 
  happy birthday and many many happy returns !, 
  i think you have a great time in karpathos !, 
  happy about it !, 
  congrats & happy birthday !, 
  they are in the eu . 
  it 's beautiful !, 
  i do n't think they 'd dare to invade finland . 
  that would be an attack against us all !, 
  you ca n't touch this !, 
  hahahah that 's cool !, 
  well that would be great !, 
  please please please dont lose hope !, 
  write them a letter . 
  tell them what you 're going though and the injustice you face . 
  i 'm sure they will do something !, 
  again my best wishes to you !, 
  do n't lose hope !, 
  i 'm certain you 'll find the way to have the proper treatment . 
  why do n't you write a letter to : - vytenis andriukaitis health & food safety commissioner - christos stylianides humanitarian aid & crisis management commissioner and of course president himself : - jean-claude juncker https://ec.europa.eu/commission/commissioners/2014-2019_en i think they will ( must ) step in on your behalf !, 
  my best wishes to you and please please show more patience .
