  hilariously hypocritical . 
  i understand that but ... how can they not see that this way they teat europe apart ? 
  i blame the fact that for years no politician of the magnitude of koll or mitterrand was in some major european country . 
  for years the vision of a united europe was forgotten and - as the migrant crisis shows clearly - was replaced by a small minded attitude of `` what 's best for my country let the rest deal with their problems '' . 
  even if the greek economic crisis would n't happen or was less severe , the immigrant crisis shows how fractured we truly are . 
  italy had to say `` i 'll let them roam free '' and many countries went nuts after they also refused the quota . 
  so what italy and greece should do on that matter ? 
  hypocrisy at its best and all that we supposedly the international arena changes with great speed and all for the worse . 
  this lack of vision has its price . 
  i would n't know my friend ... have n't got any at the bank . 
  just some left overs from my salary which needed but if lost , they do n't make a fortune . 
  happy to know that !, 
  oh , it doesnt matter . 
  we are all under some serious stress and easy to jump on the gun . 
  truly i did n't ( see the ads ) . 
  it is a common way to end a line though . 
  unfortunately , i did n't steal my brother 's friends . 
  i wish i had and had him mad at me . 
  i made them my own and came very close to them after my brother was killed in a car crash . 
  they are great people and now among my best friends . 
  no you blithering blatherskite , that entire line reads '' if he fails he 's got a way out , we dont '' . 
  and that 's the truth . 
  nothing to do with his good intentions , his will to help or whatever heroic characteristic he might have . 
  if the boat sinks he knows how to swim , we fucking do n't . 
  idiot !, 
  spending expenditure that in other countries go to different social benefit funds , in greece go to the pensions funds ( due to lack of any alternative ) . 
  making it - the pension expenditure - to look higher than those in the other countries when the actual total burden for the budget is the same . 
  hold your horses judge dread . 
  ** i 've never ever said he doesnt care . 
  ** i only replied to that comment :  who gives a shit ? 
  it 's his problem . 
  certainly not from europe . 
  well guess what !, 
  i give a shit !, 
  the truth is i give a shit cause if he finds no solution then i 'll face the consequences as my parents and my grant parents . 
  it is them that have no freaking alternative . 
  he has . 
  that 's a fucking million light years from what you understood . 
  and that 's the bloody reality . 
  got it now ? 
  be ashamed for not having a clue on what i wrote yet you come on your white horse judging people !, 
  idiot !, 
  actually this is n't the case . 
  cause things and economy doesnt work this way . 
  lem me offer a hint : no debt that any government in the world has , is meant to be repaid . 
  ever . 
  the trick with debts is that they should have enough `` power '' behind them , so to indefinitely roll them into the future and slowly making them less and less . 
  slowly is the key word here . 
  so they do n't mess with development of the real economy . 
  that can be easily done for the whole eurozone and at the same time borrowing could be forbidden for anyone but some central institution . 
  it 's called monetary union . 
  something that europe doesnt have and for reasons i ca n't comprehend doesnt seem to want for the viewable future . 
  urrm . 
  technically yeah it 's his problem to solve . 
  it is our necks on the stake though , if he doesnt . 
  he 'll fly away to some foreign uni giving lectures about the twilight zone , write some heart wrecking book , while us will have to face the shit . 
   imf : oops sorry if we fucked you beyond recognition . 
  do n't stop though keep it on !, 
  they do n't need any help from mafia of any kind !, 
  they do a wondeful job on destroying us , all by themselves . 
  see ? 
  tis a good idea to give more money !, 
  lots of love and best wishes to our neighbors !, 
  we can clearly see that people like you never pick the eu flag here too . 
  meaning ?!, 
  who are the people like me ? 
  and why the do n't pick up the eu flag here ? 
  i 'm gon na give one more desperate last try . 
  in the words of the great lucius annaeus seneca : idiocy is oversaturated with itself !, 
  or as more recently giscard d' estaing so eloquently put it : tu \u00e0 perdu une bonne occasion de te taire !, 
  have a great life you vilest of the frogs and keep off dracula 's way . 
  none of your business !, 
  you have nothing to do with those debts hence you have no saying . 
  stop worrying about other people 's business . 
  is that clear enough honey bunny ? 
  love germany too !, 
  my brother used to live in munich !, 
  what a great city !, 
  have plenty of german friends there ( used to be my brother 's but now are mine ) . 
  more like family actually !, 
   edit : just watched some meerkat ads on youtube !, 
  and they all end with a `` simples '' !!!, 
  it happened and quickly withdrawn . 
  honestly !, 
  i am not !, 
  also i have been in the uk only a few times as a visitor/tourist . 
  trully !, 
   edit : i admit i love the uk thought !, 
  if you do n't mind me asking , where are you from ? 
  if we stay in the ez or if we get out of the ez doesnt have shit to do with debts . 
  you fail to understand that debts are not written off either way . 
  got it now ?? 
  or are you going to tell me once more the same i 'll - informed nonsense ? 
   i have been referring , of course , to your illustrious tradition in the dramatic arts you are being silly for not thinking that what you wrote is still visible : you wrote `` yea , we had it hard too and people were restless but we did n't turn into the drama queen of europe . '', 
  so you wanted to tell me that when the crisis hit romania you did n't have euripides to write a drama ? 
  i am afraid he was asking r/vilefrog who is n't french . 
  he is romanian as far as i know and he lend exactly 0 ( zero ) euros to us , yet he is terribly angry with greeks in case we wo n't pay our debts to you . 
  when replying to someone mentioning a tv channel i wrote :  nah . 
  wont happen . 
  just some more news exclusively for sheeple .
