  this is what is lacking here . 
   let us be a bit realistic here , alot ( if not all ) of the meat we get in supermarkets etc. 
  had about a million times worse treatment when it was still a mamal i full heartedly agree . 
  we should condemn every mistreatment wherever and whenever it occurs . 
   has absolutely no impact on the spiecies . 
  so what ? 
  is this some kind of justification for doing something so vile to a highly inteligent mamal ? 
  what a shame !, 
  about time ... :p, 
  we have a deal !, 
  but what the eu ministers failed to agree on was about 40,000 . 
  that 's the article about , that 's the topic here . 
  i full heartedly agree !, 
  what a fail !, 
  in an area where 506,913,394 people live it is impossible to find how to distribute 40,000 !!!, 
  it sucks !, 
  big time . 
  it is like always the crap idiotic minority shouts the most and paint a bad picture for all of us . 
  :( 99 % of the people here have no bad feelings for other nations . 
  for politician like schaeuble who dont miss a chance to be snide there are . 
  but then again these bad feelings against foreign politicians are way better than the hate feelings we have for our own politicians . 
  it is easy to see how the political figures here are getting destroyed because we know that they are the ones that destroyed and betrayed us , not the foreigners . 
  you can see that parties that used to get over 40 % at the elections a few years back are not just above 3 % ( the limit so to get into the parliament ) . 
  the true problem for us is not abroad ... it is local . 
  there is no politician we can trust . 
  and that 's the truth of it . 
  we are !, 
  dont pay attention to crap polls . 
  we love you !, 
  truly the sentiment here isnt remotely like that . 
  no one blames the german public and no one has bad feelings about germans . 
  many , not all are frustrated with schaeuble and to a lesser degree merkel . 
  that anger ( against politicians and media not the german people ) has little to do with economy . 
  it is mostly an ill reaction against the stereotypes thrown for so many years . 
  it all came down to a childish level : lazy greeks vs nazis . 
  but seriously this is stupid anger talk and in no way you should think that it is against you . 
  i feel terribly ashamed all this shit make you feel bad . 
  please believe me though that it is not against you . 
  ask someone you know that has been here recently how they were treated . 
  you 'll see that truly there are no bad feelings against the german people . 
  got ta admit it is a bit cheesy . 
  french polynesia looks extra cool !, 
  btw since you want to learn greek , if you are a student you can use erasmus to come for a few months in greece . 
  you can combine it with something like this : http://hellenic-center.uoi.gr/index.php?lang=en-gb, 
  with all this heat , i 'm amazed i can type ... take care !, 
  mist is smoke from the fireworks . 
  magnificent !, 
  other languages in the balkans sound very different than greek . 
  there are the slavic ones bulgarian , serb & croat , romanian ( a romance lang ) and albanian ( which too sounds nothing like greek ), 
  my condolences ... :(, 
  mmm why should anyone confuse those two countries ? 
  what is the purpose of this thread ? 
  who cares ? 
  why do n't we discuss something more interesting than this ? 
  i 'm very interested to hear stories about the kangaroos in austria !, 
  nope !, 
  it is n't . 
  this version was the way out of a awkward situation . 
  you know ... some sort of diplomacy ... 
  danish , sound like a lighter version of german . 
  as in other scandinavian languages , the words are shorter and softer . 
  there is a familiarity in the sound ( with german ) but the sounds are nicer . 
  no nothing changed over the years on how we feel about the brits ( and the french ) . 
  only good feelings . 
  we love their music , their humor , people love to go there etc. . . 
  the only reason i can find it what i replied a few minutes ago to another post : the only logical reason for some of those results might be that the people answered were in a trolling mood . 
  which isnt odd here when it comes to polls . 
  best example is the elections voting polls where people deliberately give off answers and they mess the results . 
  for the last several elections polls were useless here . 
  they were off by 30 % or more . 
  it has become something of a trent . 
  seriously and honestly we dont !!!!, 
  i very much doubt the accuracy of this poll . 
  we have only good feeling about french and britons . 
  i really wonder how they came up with this shit . 
  edit : the only logical reason for some of those results might be that the people asked were in a trolling mood . 
  which isnt very rare here when it comes to polls . 
  best example is the voting polls where people deliberately give off answers and they mess the results . 
  for the last several elections polls were useless here . 
  not really off !, 
  i 've heard before that it reminds people of spanish . 
  it is the 1st time finnish is added though !, 
  thank you for your input !, 
  i dont think anyone here dislike england . 
  i seriously doubt that poll . 
  out of curiosity ... how does greek sound to you ? 
  what other language does it remind you of ? 
  to me the germanic ones sound better . 
  much better . 
  it looks like leveling to me ... `` we still believe that we have the right to criticize all religions , '' . 
  fine !, 
  how is he going to do that ? 
  by drawing cartoons for the rest ( religions ) and not for islam ? 
  or is the decision ( to not drawing cartoons ) apply to all religions ? 
  ok i understand that he is a human being and he is afraid for his life . 
  no one has the right to ask him to be a hero . 
  but the outcome is this : after a blood bath he decided he stops . 
  as i see it he ( and his team ) was betrayed by our weak societies . 
  after such a blood bath school fucking books should have cartoons for all religions to teach the most important lesson . 
  in europe freedom of expression ( supposedly ) rules .
