  i could give more examples which show that what is being dictated by the troika in order to meet an agreement , doesnt make any economic sense . 
  we did exactly what we were asked for 5 years and the situation only worsen . 
  even the imf 's said so . 
  you see from the start of all this trichet chose to save the lending banks rather than to help greece . 
  yet in the spirit of good ole european solidarity our partners shut their eyes and ears ( unfortunately not their ever belittling towards us , mouths ) and chose to make * a * plan b. 
  if you personally ask me if our ez partners had the moral obligation to save/help us i would reply that what reality proved is that they did n't . 
  cause they have n't done so . 
  even though they talk about morality and solidarity and all that fairy tales crap . 
  i used to be a pro eu federalist , but i am afraid i am not one any longer . 
  it 's just a lie they spread around in order to make good business . 
  they wo n't even hesitate to bring down democratically elected governments ( happened already in greece and in italy ) if that suits them . 
  / * sigh * / in other words ... ez : if you wo n't do as you are told then we 've got a plan b. 
  very pro-european indeed . 
  how the wallonians feel/react to such attitude/actions ? 
  no one !, 
  not even the military would accept a military takeover . 
  such rhetorics ( coup etc ) are only used by politicians to make the general public less critical on their own failure to deliver . 
  i am an internationally acknowledged crucifixion expert but still ... 
  ... i ca n't hold a candle in the presence of a know_it_all being like you !, 
  please forgive my hubris !, 
  the nailing part is definitely true ... 
  what the fuck ?!?!?!, 
  nonsense !, 
  poland stronk !, 
  aw c'mon ... do n't pay attention to such comments . 
  no one hates you . 
  why should we ? 
  you are people like everyone else . 
  there are some frustrating/disappointing actions when it comes to erdogan but that 's it . 
  politics and nothing more . 
  no one has anything against the people . 
  relax you are not hated !, 
  and byzantine culture is n't european ? 
  byzantium was `` european '' when the western part of europe had slide into barbarism . 
  yes they are . 
  no one is hating you mate !, 
  why would europeans hate you ? 
  i do n't . 
  why did armenians sided with russians ? 
  maybe they wanted their freedom ? 
  or had enough of oppression ? 
  also that would apply to arm forces not to the general poppulation ( ie women and children ) . 
  as for * `` everyone at some time conquered europe . 
  yet nobody holds a grudge except when it comes to us . 
  '' * lets not even start this ... 
  dont worry about it , he 'll be back sooner or later . 
  the op ( pilumfati ) used the term '' * exposure * '' to describe his experience with the greek language . 
  one assumes one is * exposed * when listening to a language and not when studying it or whatever . 
  also as you said yourself * '' ** almost ** exclusively reffers to ... '' * . 
  no need to be pedantic or freak ( pun intended ) about it . 
  you just blew my cover !, 
  are you happy now ? 
  are you ? 
  :d well as you well know attic/athenean version of modern greek is the stantard . 
  not epirotica or cretan or karditsiotika or kozanitika or you_name_it !, 
  - greek ( native ) - english - french would love to learn german as i love the way it sounds . 
  i must find the time though ... 
  not different at all in structure , grammar , vocabulary etc. 
  it the pronunciation that differs a bit . 
  for us who speak standard greek ( the attic is the standard ) , cypriot sounds both cute and funny . 
  lol !, 
  retaliations ? 
  i dont think they 'll be any . 
  we recognized the armenian genocide in 1999 , nothing much happened . 
  i really feel sad for all the turks with western values and lifestyle . 
  and they are plenty of them ( just not enough as it seems ) i ca n't even imagine how they must be feeling having that guy running their country . 
  hahahahaha says the eastern hillbilly . 
  the are messing with everyone in the area really . 
  they `` adopted '' bulgarian national heroes as if they were theirs . 
  they steal from all their neighbors history . 
  look what their former president says on the matter . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f11fbwr59cq he took a bulgarian passport too . 
  gee thanks for all the name calling and the derogatory remarks for my country and nation . 
  surely we do n't have much to be proud nowadays ... not so much as you slovakians anyway . 
  i wo n't go on and start name calling your country as i 'm pretty sure not many cunts like you are there . 
  i do n't care about yugoslavian history . 
  i do n't think though that they named that region ( the same part ) without any connection to its identity . 
  what is false is to name that specific region `` macedonia '' referring to the ancient kingdom ( cause that 's what they do - see the kitsch statues they erect ) when in fact the ancient kingdom did n't include that region . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_ ( terminology ), 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  and what does it have to do with this topic ? 
  and for all i know greece does not claim other people 's money . 
  its not that someone posted a map on the internet . 
  that 's what they are being taught at their schools . 
  other maps , such as this one above in an 8th grade history book in 2005 , maintain that , as of 1913 and thereafter , `` macedonia '' included parts occupied by albania ( yellow ) , bulgaria ( purple ) , and greece ( red ) . 
  http://macedonia-evidence.org/images/oimage011.jpg but hey !, 
  do n't mind me , just called me a dick and be done with it . 
  well it 's not only that they are trying to change history . 
  when they publish maps where they present parts of greece as parts of their own country or talk about occupied lands then surely you ca n't blame us for thinking that the name is just the beginning . 
  a region which themselves call vardarska * , now they take every effort to present it as macedonia and claim ancient heritage on it . 
  * vardarska ( yugoslavian stamp 1939 before tito ) http://macedonia-evidence.org/images/oimage009.jpg currency ( 1991 ) with the greek city of thessaloniki on it : http://macedonia-evidence.org/images/image006.jpg map with parts of greece shown in their territory : http://macedonia-evidence.org/images/image004.jpg so , nope guys ... 
  sorry but it is not just a silly name thing ... not when their government loses no opportunity to provoke us . 
  probably they do it to keep the people there hating us instead of dealing with their problems , but it 's not funny or silly anymore . 
  i do n't think the ez ever wanted truly to help us . 
  since the start of the economic crisis they were only interested to cut their loses even if that means death to us . 
  utterly disappointed to realize that the `` eu '' idea is really a fairy tale to most . 
  congrats lithuania !, 
  solidarity my arse . 
  no one is going to listen to him in the eurogroup anyway ... 
  true !,
