  for example x exists in greek but sounds different . 
  it sounds like `` h '' in the word `` here '' . 
  there is another letter which sounds like the english `` x '' . 
  why is moldova so poor ? 
  what 's holding them down ? 
  surely you mean ez , not eu . 
  we do !, 
  basketball, 
  hey hey !, 
  you are not lonely brother !, 
  you 've got us !, 
  happy easter everybody !, 
  here 's a photo on what to expect and how you should dress : http://images.complex.com/complex/image/upload/t_article_image/tuieqlh6cuyxpz9pw2mu.jpg :d ps i hope you are going to have a great time here !, 
  this is going to be very interesting !, 
  hahahahhahahaha love it !, 
  shhhh shhh shhhhh !, 
  awwww ... ca n't you keep a secret ffs ? 
  hahahaha do you honestly think i care ? 
  its just that one ca n't have a proper discussion with some ppl . 
  he might do . 
  who knows ... 
  he is a hater ( / yaix ) . 
  i do n't know what his problem is , but regardless the topic , if it 's about greece he 'll jump the chance to diminish everything about us . 
  good luck !, 
  i agree with you that they are themselves a discrace for us ... 
  it 's not criticism that troubles me though . 
  it 's more and more hostility toward us all from too many people here ( and irl ) . 
  is that enough to tag greeks in general though ? 
  i mean , remember when berlusconi said that germans are blond drunks ? 
  did you despise all italians for that ? 
  i hope not . 
  so what makes this case any different ? 
  imo it has become almost a trend nowadays to lessen greeks whenever possible . 
  but this clown is only talk . 
  you know , a barking dog with no teeth . 
  still it 's not that we anexed parts of another country ... 
  check your facts plz !, 
  he did n't push back therefore he wasnt gay . 
  seriously though , he did have a child with roxanne . 
  he was alexander the 4th . 
  that child , roxanne and his mother olympias were slaughtered by kassandros . 
  iceland 's open and vast landscapes !, 
  yeah i think so too my friend . 
  probably he is n't albanian too . 
  we are being treated as if we started a war / committed crimes against humanity or something . 
  it 's very difficult to feel european nowadays ... 
  i would prefer lithuanian to be the common language for many reasons : - only a small number of people would have the advantage - a fine indo-european conservative language : back to the roots everyone !, 
  - i find many words very similar to greek . 
  even the names sound familiar . 
  - love how it sounds . 
  yes , it is very depressing . 
  so much hate towards us ... 
  nah ... with syriza reality is like quanta . 
  you can never predict the outcome . 
  even listening to them change it . 
  my `` comment above '' is valid as was explained . 
  it says that as the corrupt governments in greece were responsible the same responsibility was shared by bankers who gave the money to them . 
  a banker 's job is to calculate the risk and give money where the risk is acceptable . 
  these bankers failed to do their job as much as the greek governments that failed to protect the interests of their citizens . 
  this is not blaming `` others '' as you put it . 
  it is simply the reality . 
  also the imf truly said that the bail out program was a failure . 
  i did n't say that the imf said it . 
  look it up yourself . 
  as for the fact that on the same time they were giving bail out loans to greece , they were pressing greece to use the money to buy arms ... also not my words . 
  here , look what a german member of the european parliament was saying back in 2010 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqgkp68avti most of the wars were between greece and the ottoman empire and they were wars of independence not merely `` fight for regional power '' as you put it . 
  about the crimean wars now : you should know there were 2 . 
  on the 1st one greece had no involvement . 
  on the second one greece sided with france against the bolsheviks and send army to fight the communists . 
  read your history better . 
  can you be more biased ? 
  last , drop that attitude towards me . 
  you can speak like that to your kids but if go on like this i wo n't be polite too . 
  i can agree with that, 
  yeah , i do n't like syriza at all myself . 
  but is that a reason to hate another nation ? 
  after all governments are there for a short time , nations last . 
  how did you come to the conclusion that i am one of the latter option ( people wanting to blame other countries for their own lack of sense ) ? 
  did you see me blaming anyone ? 
  show it to me please . 
  what nation are you part of ? 
  again you did n't say . 
  what you say about greece and its external debt ( since 1826 !!!! ), 
  was n't due to bad decisions but because of constant wars . 
  how can you fail to see it since you know so much about greece ? 
  again what i do for my own country is my own business and not yours to tell me but where the fuck did you see me blaming anyone whatsoever ? 
  show me !, 
  it is laughable nonsense for 2 reasons : - the author knows next to nothing about homeric and modern greek here 's another example : deti -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- theta -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- thalasa in homeric greek the word sea was thalassa ( or thalatta in dorian ) as is in modern greek : thalassa . 
  exactly the same . 
  theta in homeric greek is exactly the same in modern greek and means the letter \u0398 theta . 
  pure nonsense . 
  if you want more examples that link is full of them . 
  - the second reason is that the author in that link uses 78 albanian words that sound like greek ones but have a different meaning whatsover . 
  example : zie -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- zei -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- vrazi zei in homeric greek means `` stink , bad odor '' . 
  the same goes with modern greek . 
  in greek ( both homeric and modern ) the word `` boil '' is vrasmos vrazi is the word in a different aspect and mood ( hence the grammatical transformation ) . 
  so the author finds zei to be the same word with vrasmos ( boil ) or zesi ( stink , bad odor ) ? 
  also 78 words are far too few to make any connection . 
  what happens with the other 10s of thousands that are the same in both homeric and modern greek but way different in albanian ? 
  people like me ?
