  this custom made it to byzantium and from there it spread to many peoples in the region . 
  greece it is the mothers that make it and put it to the arms of their children ( as was the custom in ancient times ) . 
  actually this tradition originated in greece . 
  it was an ancient custom that was passed to byzantium times and from there to many of the region peoples . 
  horrible ... poor child , poor parents ... :(, 
  also a greek saying, 
  mostly i enjoy the stereotype that greek 's know how to cook !, 
  oh really ?!?!, 
  i guess we should ignore international law and stop rescuing those ppl . 
  maybe even shoot them . 
  something like russia does ? 
  if that 's your idea why are you complaining then ? 
  as the immigrants come to our country and no one gives a fuck but tell us `` you should try harder '' , then why should n't i tell you `` we are n't a target for russians ( nor germany is ) ... you should fucking try harder mate '' !, 
  your problem . 
  you see , when everyone only is interested for his own prosperity/good they should not forget that life 's bitch and karma hits hard . 
  tough luck ... as is ours to have sea borders with turkey flooding us with refugees and everyone says to us `` if you ca n't defend your border '' et such . 
  ps you do understand that i 'm playing the devil 's advocate i hope . 
  i do n't mean it , i want the baltics to be safe . 
  errrrm why ? 
  why should n't we solve this problem the way `` we '' solved the refugees crisis ? 
  each on his own , `` if you ca n't defend your borders '' etc. 
  i have and it 's indeed delicious !!!!, 
  keep the idiotic ironies for yourself . 
  as for greece , stop spreading lies . 
  greece completed all the hotspots the eu asked and now is building 5 more . 
  virtually without any help from our `` friends and allies '' ( certainly not from visegrad group ) . 
  they hypocrisy has risen new heights . 
  the visegrad group asks for support for what the need while with their stance are dissolving the eu . 
  perhaps it 's time for germany , italy , greece and others to start business with russia and putin and whenever ( for example ) poland or sweden worries about the russian aggression we reply to them : your problem that you are so close to russia . 
  idiots and hypocrites . 
  they are not just fancy words . 
  they are the reasons why all these refugees find themselves in greece : international law & eu treaties demand that these people will be saved and not left to drown in the sea . 
  i guess when it doesnt suit you , law becomes `` fancy words '' . 
  exactly . 
  hypocrisy has reached new heights . 
  eu treaties , international law perhaps ? 
  instead of all these nonsense that are about to dissolve the eu , why wo n't the eu and balkan countries do n't do something very simple . 
  all this is happening cause turkey is using these poor souls to put pressure on the eu for their own agenda . 
  the eu and balkans have a way more powerful `` weapon '' to use than building fences : we can stop all traffic to and from turkey for all turkish registered vehicles : private , trucks , everything . 
  closing access to europe for turkey commerce will put some pressure to them and start controlling the traffickers , the migrant flow etc. 
   what they 're doing , does n't matter . 
  of course it matters , they are making the lives of others a living hell . 
  they could go and block the government in their offices , but not this . 
   work on the fields ca n't be postponed , it amazes me how few people realize that . 
  sure !, 
  work on the fields can not be postponed nor can be done out of season . 
  this period - jan/feb - they have nothing to do on the fields . 
  ask a farmer . 
   i 'm sure not once . 
  then you are not informed . 
  a few days ago this happened in corinth . 
  it took them 2 freaking hours to let the patient and the md to pass through and then some of the farmers made a riot against those who let them pass through . 
  i am no supporter of this government . 
  they are idiots that gave to many hollow promises and to a degree caused all this . 
  nonsense !, 
  totally out of proportions to link a protest in syntagma square with that the farmers are doing . 
  i do n't care if they are right or not , the moment they shit on my rights they can go fuck themselves . 
  every time they protest it 's the same shit : always on february ( hint they do n't have work to do on their fields ) and always closing the roads . 
  take the time to find out how many times they did n't allow even to doctors or patients to go through . 
  last time it happened was on the blockade outside corinth . 
  so yeah they can go have a major fuck . 
  i guess a protest where they wo n't step on other people 's rights , is certainly not idiotic . 
  what they ( the farmers blocking the roads ) are doing though , is totally unacceptable . 
  unfortunately this mentality is not only a characteristic of the farmers here . 
  look how the farmers are protesting in france ( for example ) . 
  you 'll find that it 's the same mentality . 
  today , it 's on the news that athens prosecutor asked for an investigation ( meaning prosecutions ) . 
  poor kids . 
  erdogan is a proper sociopath . 
  150 euros for loud farting in the elevator . 
  500 for the silent but deadly ones !, 
  bulgarians are right with this one . 
  these fuckturds of protesters that closed the roads without giving any thought about other people 's rights are a disgrace . 
  and why should germany or any other should care what happens to poland or another visegrad country ? 
  look at how the behave against ee decisions regarding the refugee crisis . 
  they do what they like regardless of what the rest of the eu thinks . 
  with their attitude they are dissolving what is essential for the eu : common decisions & and no actions that would threaten other members . 
  so really ? 
  why should germany give a flying fuck about them ? 
  why should n't we start `` business as usual '' with russia ? 
  just some food for thought . 
  yes , it can mean both . 
  if by `` old-greek '' you mean the hellenistic greek ( aka the language that was around 1 century/the bible was written in ) , the most definitely yes . 
  very easy . 
  old people that had n't had the change to go to school do understand it . 
  medieval greek is the same as modern greek . 
  hahahhaha :d, 
  i do n't know about that kind of politics mate , i am just making a - maybe - naive conversation . 
  it is a fact though that when i hear lithuanians speak , their chat sounds familiar even though i do n't understand a thing . 
  peace , 
  there you go :  among indo-european languages , ** lithuanian is extraordinarily conservative , retaining many archaic features otherwise found only in ancient languages such as sanskrit or ancient greek ** . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_language as for the greek :  it is also often stated that the historical changes have been relatively slight compared with some other languages . 
  according to one estimation , ** `` homeric greek is probably closer to demotic than twelfth-century middle english is to modern spoken english . 
  '' ** [ 17 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_language, 
  hahaha the same happens to us . 
  each time we hear a lithuanian surname ( lets say a basket ball player or a politician ) they sound very familiar and greek !, 
  regardless of cats , a lexicon or shall we better say `` words '' are what a language is . 
  for various reasons some languages changed in time less than others . 
  it is not a good or a bad thing , it 's just a fact . 
  both greek and lithuanian seem to changed less than most other european languages .
