  there are many references and articles about that . 
  many economists mainly from the us and uk pointed that without a debt cut the programs are n't viable without the debt cut . 
  they 've done so years ago . 
  this is a german made documentary about it . 
  it is very eye opening and i think it 's good to see it . 
  if you do n't want to see it all you can skip to around 7:35 and see what imf board members say on the matter and how at the start of the programs they had objections about it for the reasons we are talking here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwud0mqu3qk it had english subtitles . 
  here 's an article from the telegraph telling it as it is : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11654639/imf-has-betrayed-its-mission-in-greece-captive-to-emu-creditors.html, 
  this is absurd !, 
  australia only competed for the 1st time ever this spring and now they want to renounce the eurovision ?!?!?!, 
  shame on you australia !, 
  shame !, 
  not a cultural thing . 
  there are two reasons : - since the start ( i.e. 
  jan ) they stated they would n't sign an agreement that would n't be viable . 
  from what i understand they conceded on almost everything with the troika but the debt cut was left out . 
  such a deal they could n't possibly present to the people as it would be their political death . 
  so in a way it was their way out of an impossible situation . 
  - the proposals were surely not viable . 
  imf only today gave the info to the press and itself recognizes the program ( any program ) will not be viable without a debt cut . 
  by calling the referendum they succeeded to draw vast publicity to this . 
  it was a known fact and the anglosaxon economists told so many times . 
  but now it is known and accepted by anyone . 
  it came to be a public fact . 
  as wikileaks revealed the germans knew that for 3 years now but they pretended otherwise . 
  all and all i think the outcome is irrelevant as new negotiations will start next week . 
  after all this , it is not far fetched for them to think they 'll get a few points in the chess game having a `` no '' with them cause they will use it as leverage to gain a better deal, 
  well the situation could be a full episode of the `` twilight zone '' . 
  we are being called to vote on accepting or not , a proposal that no more exists . 
  in the mean time our government even made a new proposal that was denied . 
  our government says vote no so we continue the negotiations on better terms ( have people 's back up ) and it is not about leaving the euro . 
  everyone else is saying that it is about leaving the euro . 
  the imf today let the world to know that all plans that do n't include a debt cut ( as the one we are voting on and does not exist anymore ) are not going to work . 
  now how cool is that ? 
  :d http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/live_on_this_planet_futurama.gif, 
  he 's killjoy !, 
  lets not invite him to the party !, 
  well dear italian brother ... if you 're going to die better die of laughter . 
  that will drive them crazy !, 
  revenge !, 
  exactly . 
  when i hear varoufakis and tsipras say that , i am sure they are lost . 
  the guy is a bad joke . 
  some things he says might by correct but he has no idea on how politics work . 
  he and tsipras ( a political dwarf and opportunist ) are destoying my country using all the propaganda tricks in the book ( pleas to justice , humanism , patriotism whatever ) . 
  the road to hell is paved with `` good intentions '' and they are doing just that . 
  seriously ... 
  i despair . 
  so it seems we all got lied by our governments ... 
  here drafts are considered nothing less than deadly . 
  earthquake ? 
  firestorm ? 
  draft ? 
  panic !, 
  syriza is only good in one thing : propaganda . 
  in any measure and flavor . 
  i hope there will be a resounding yes on sunday and will never see them again . 
  ever !, 
  as i understand it , this is the face of `` hypocrisy '' . 
  the panic . 
  they created that on their own too . 
  i find it disgusting to blame a german politician about it . 
  i do agree my friend !, 
  spot on !, 
  schengen is a true european conquest against a fractured and dark past . 
  it is our duty to defend schengen . 
  this is nonsense !, 
  the guy said what he had every right to say . 
  he doesnt trust them ( varoufakis and tsipras ) so why should he risk their money and time ? 
  he made a legitimate statement and i find it hypocritical to start the `` ooh !, 
  he is against democracy '' mantra . 
  i dont trust them either !, 
  syriza 's propaganda is getting more and more hideous . 
  i despair ... 
  i think it 's half truth which certainly makes it a lie . 
  many companies can not work now that the banks are closed . 
  many gave their staff a leave since they would have nothing to do . 
  it is not far fetched for some owner to tell his/her employers that depending on the outcome their business might close . 
  that is a reality and hardly can be called a black mail . 
  everyone votes in secrecy . 
  no employer can check what the employees vote . 
  such articles a shit . 
  exactly !, 
  tsipras logic . 
  hahahhahahaha, 
  did i say that it isnt a problem in greece ? 
  what i say is that it 's not the cause of the current crisis . 
  of course they can ( have a good time ) !, 
  but seriously , that is mostly a show . 
  seriously : greeks hate no one . 
  what kind of answers do you expect when we are bombarded again and again with the same cliches , skin deep analysis and lectures on morality from almost every dumb keyboard warrior out there ? 
  think of it !, 
  even you ask `` if we see you as enemies '' without even wonder why they hell such a thing would be . 
  on the other hand you 've certainly seen again and again : greeks are lazy , greeks dont pay their taxes , greeks blame everyone but themselves , greeks want to destroy euro etc etc. 
  i am greek and i am very close to believe that the best thing the world can do is to nuke us and then the world will be a paradise . 
  i prefer to imagine more difficult things : a world where people dont use cliches over and over again . 
  kicking a dead horse is something you get your kicks then ? 
  it 's nice they arent terrorized . 
  they show lack of respect for the victims and their families though . 
  i bet somewhere in that airport is someone that 've gone to tunisia to take care of a killed or injured relative crying . 
  in any case we are screwed .
