  watched the youtube video and what that woman said that `` they want to kill each other '' ? 
  wondered what she meant ? 
  for your information , the police is giving priority to syrian refugees and that made angry others ( mainly afghans ) . 
  it is documented that afghanis ( and others ) have been attacking syrians for that reason . 
  here 's a video where about 1000 afghanis tried to take over a ship that was about to transfer syrian families to the mainland . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iq6yxx6gxy for how long could you tolerate a situation like this ? 
  not sicillians . 
  the greek word in latin letters : prosfygas btw you are totally right !, 
  greetings from greece !, 
  well in reality tsipras wants a way out . 
  after fubar the economy . 
  how ? 
  where ? 
  turkey doesnt take them back . 
  should we parachute them in syria ? 
  what the hell ? 
  control the borders ? 
  how ? 
  sinking the boats ? 
  you 'd be screaming your lungs out `` racist greeks '' . 
  so what do you propose wise guy ? 
  greece is full of mountains and safe even if the sea rises 10 times more . 
  you guys are welcome to come live with us !, 
  what can they do ? 
  fight assad and isis at the same time ? 
  kurds indeed are progressive but being a different ethnic group helps them to act united . 
  the average syrian joe is being hit by both sides now . 
  and no i dont think you are a twat !, 
  by european standards you are right . 
  but in syria i do n't know of extremism like gunning down tourists as was happened many times in egypt or elsewhere . 
  have n't said that assad or their life was good . 
  it certainly went downhill though . 
  syrians are way different than the population of those rich arab states . 
  they are more liberal , more tolerant , more secular . 
  in their country there werent any religious tensions nor extremism . 
  how could they go to those states and how those states could help them ? 
  there is strong evidence that they are behind isis too ( in order to create an obstacle to iran 's influence in the region ) . 
  what a great tragedy this is ... 
  it is an international one . 
  wtf ? 
  all this false reporting makes you think they have an agenda . 
  it 's not only the bbc that falsified that story . 
  disgusted . 
  i dearly wish you are right !, 
  one more reason to like the german language !, 
  indeed !, 
  this is what the smugglers direct them to do though . 
  another thing they tell them is to get rid of their papers when they come from countries where there is no war . 
  like pakistan and bangladesh . 
  they are not entitled of asylum so they destroy their papers . 
  then it becomes very difficult to deport them as many countries ( pakistan is one ) play it `` fool '' and do n't accept them back . 
  there must be a common european plan and effort to put an end to this but i do n't see it happening ... 
  look at this video on youtube . 
  it is from a vice reportage . 
  it shows a dinghy arriving at kos and one guy that steps on the island holds a knife . 
  he deflates the dinghy and then turns and throws the knife in the water . 
  ( at 1minute 3 seconds ) . 
  the vice journalist asks them where they come from , he responds `` pakistan '' and doesnt even ask him why he was carrying a knife . 
  why ? 
  because the journalist knows . 
  it is a known practice . 
  he had the knife to deflate the dinghy had the coast guard stopped them . 
  i have the feeling that politicians across the eu are making decisions on that matter not only without giving a shit about what the general public wants but also using the `` racism '' card to make everyone that questions them to shut up . 
  one has to be a complete moron to not notice some things . 
  example : why all of the sudden this huge surge ? 
  why now and not 6 or 9 months ago ? 
  as far as i know , nothing new , unusual or severe happened lately in syria . 
  and those refugees were in fact for many months safe in un supervised camps in turkey . 
  so what happened ? 
  is it that the turkish government use them to put pressure on the west now they bomb the kurds ? 
  why the west tolerates isis in libya and we do n't bomb their living daylights like they did with gaddafi ? 
  etc etc. 
  many questions and no convincing answers . 
  yeah europe should fucking grow up , close its borders and find the true solutions to this problem . 
  but since it 's easier to ignore us ( i.e. 
  the general public ) they 'll try to convince us that this stupidity is the right thing to do . 
  no dinghy was sunk by the coast guard . 
  i know to which vid you are referring and it was a lie that the coastguard did such a thing . 
  it is a well known practice that the immigrants do that themselves when they see the coastguard . 
  they know they 'll have to collect them and transfer them to european soil . 
  it is not a matter of controlling the sea borders . 
  it is a matter on what you do with them once you spot them . 
  it all comes to this . 
  i think the situation is reversible . 
  all it takes is the political will . 
  that is what eu lacks . 
  instead of accepting everyone in europe , we could help those people in their countries of origin . 
  but the politics so far were disastrous . 
  instead of creating a buffer zone of safe and liveable countries around the eu ( that would solve all the problems ) , many european countries and the us mingled in the local politics overthrowing dictators and then leave the situation turn into chaos . 
  no provisions whatsoever for the next day . 
  it is good that gaddafi is no longer a ruler in lybia but is the situation there any better now ? 
  i bet more people lost their lives in the med that what gaddafi would have killed . 
  what can be done about it ? 
  send them back to turkey ? 
  turkey doesnt accept them . 
  let them drown ? 
  when the coastguard spots a boat , the ppl on the boat deflate it , so the coastguard will have to save them . 
  sink them ? 
  that would violate all the treaties : eu , un etc. 
  so it comes to this : what can be done ?
