  i read this sub and am amazed . 
  some finns go with an emphatic `` yes '' while others go with a clear cut `` no '' . 
  some are worried that joining nato will disturb the good relations with moscow and the trade between the two sides . 
  huh !, 
  when it 's about greek-russian trade , i 've read things like `` they are betraying eu '' and such shit , which obviously are not going to be thrown to finn faces ( and that 's good ) . 
  but that 's another matter ... 
  i 've read also finns saying they 'd have to up the military spending above 1.5 % and that will hurt the economy ... at the same time almost all finns worry about the russian aggression . 
  fear is in the air after what happened to ukraine . 
  serious question : do finns love their country ? 
  do they treasure their independence and freedom ? 
  yes ? 
  so what are you willing to sacrifice to keep them ? 
  poor old greece had a military spending above 7 % !, 
  yes . 
  poor greece . 
  the only nato member along with the us that had expenditure above 2 % as is the rule for nato countries . 
  we paid dearly for that . 
  our economy suffered because of that . 
  europe - although many times asked - never even made a statement to say `` hey greece !, 
  cut down military spendings . 
  we as a union will guarantee your borders against any aggression you might face '' . 
  what eu ( many of the leaders , media , even people ) said was how lazy are greeks and how they should pay back and if it is time for greece to be thrown off board . 
  why am i saying this to you ? 
  so you realize that when the shit hits the fan , you better have enough power to stand on your own . 
  at least enough so the us have the time to ( maybe ) intervene . 
  the us . 
  only . 
  for their own ( and it is natural ) interests . 
  sorry guys , but it 's been proven to us is that what you might get from the eu is at best some fat words and a pat on the back . 
  at worst maybe some will ask for guarantees before they intervene ( to us , some of our eu friends even asked for acropolis as a guarantee ) and/or for finland get out of the eu and thus call the problem solved . 
  i know i 'm cynical and bitter but that 's my honest opinion . 
  as many times was said to us by many of our eu partners : sorry but life is not just . 
  sincerely , good luck to you guys . 
  if it is made with the same mentality the ( current ) union is made then rest assured no one will give flying fuck for other peoples problems . 
  and it better not be formed such a joke of an army . 
  i do agree , we need to go forward to the direction on forming a federation and start spreading the mentality of `` us '' all around europe . 
  if we go on like this then sooner or later the union will crumble . 
  it will be a good thing too as it 's more a hypocritical act than a true peoples union . 
  spot on !, 
  if my life and my country are ruined why the hell should i give a damn to what happens to someone else . 
  militarily , economically , you_name_it , the world can go to hell . 
  i wonder why this is not obvious to others . 
  if you come to our defence - when and if needed - then be certain we 'll come to yours . 
  that 's what a `` union '' means . 
  if we define our obligations according to ephemeral `` wishes '' then it 's a joke . 
  if sweedes dont care about italy or greece and greeks or spaniards dont give a shit about the baltics then we all better go on our own way . 
  because we are * supposedly * a union . 
  or trying to become one . 
  if we continue with the same mentality - meh !, 
  not my problem - lets name it a european farse and call it the quits . 
  that should 've been obvious but it seems it is n't . 
  i despair . 
  did n't mention anything about immigrants though . 
  did i ? 
  the external eu borders - suprizing as it may seem - need the presence of an army . 
  the immigrants were never an issue where the army is involved . 
  fully agree on that . 
  for the last few years , the exact opposite is happening though . 
  you know , south vs north , piigs etc. 
  hard to feel more european nowadays ... 
  that proposal has been made several times by various greek governments too . 
  even varoufakis ( the son of zeus :p ) being an extremist made it . 
  it 's like talking to a [ brick wall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reukc83czys ) . 
  i believe merkel understands it and wants it but she 's too weak ( politicaly ) to make it happen . 
  herr schaeuble will certainly disagree though . 
  we are a country at the borders of the eu and one of the 1st things we 're asked to do was to severely cut military spending . 
  as i 've alrady said : broomsticks are the future . 
  tis not a matter of inteligence though . 
  not even in the human part . 
  it 's about sentiments . 
  it 's a matter on what kind of relationship humans formed with various animals . 
  in the collective ( western ) concience : dog = friend , companion pig = bacon again i stress the part that it 's a matter of sentiments . 
  if you have a pig for companion you wont eat it . 
  the chinese regard dogs as a possible dish , do you ? 
  oops !, 
  not '' * whatever it takes for national security * '' . 
  that 's a very slippery slope . 
  hitler did what he did `` cause national security '' and all that shit . 
  nope !, 
  all civilized societies have limits even to this . 
  also what * a goverment * thinks it 's best for national security , doesnt mean it really is . 
  goverments must not have a carte blanche . 
  if said `` special '' operations are illigal by your country 's laws , you dont have to respect the privacy . 
  ffs , if you learn that your goverment 's secret services are murdering people wouldnt you blow the whistle ? 
  ffs is he for real ? 
  i 'm sorry that you have to live under such an @rse . 
  cause simply you dont eat your friend even if tastes good . 
  some animals are more than domesticated in our concience . 
  their are trusting us and give us their friendship . 
   what would happen if member states interests collide ? 
  member states interests will always collide as far as there is no sense of unity . 
  as long as everyone pursues they own interests - even against one another - `` union '' is just an ephemism of good all `` play pretend '' i remember when people thought eu as a union , a true federalist union , in the making . 
  nowadays this sense is gone and voices all over europe are starting to ask for less unity etc. 
  it 's become a shadow of what it was - an incomplete banking union - and i cant see the charismatic european leader who 'll be able to turn the tide around . 
  merkel * seems to try on that but not enough and she doesnt have the support even in her own country . 
  she 's left alone from the other eu leaders too . 
  what a shame ... * she 's got my full respect for that . 
  external eu borders for starters . 
  something that greece 's been asking for ages . 
  it will never happen though , too much hypocricy you see .
