  both are languages were proto-indoeuropean elements are still present ( and `` strong '' ) . 
  those islands were never yours !, 
  when will you guys realize that kebabs are the newest kids on the block ? 
  italians , greeks and albanians were in the area well before you guys felt that mongolia is kinda boring and set out to find a better neighborhood . 
  now go sit in the corner . 
  borders . 
  i 'd like it to be a set of islands . 
  south of iceland ( 500 miles minimum ) . 
  exactly !, 
  is n't porn the reason internet was invented ? 
  the only thing you need to know is that in iceland - contrary to the rest of the planet - it 's people that eat sharks . 
  part of it ( in central athens ) was indeed underground . 
  it 's not about temperature when it comes to cross the sea on a dingy . 
  it 's mostly about winds and waves . 
  the sound that `` h '' has in english , in greek was marked in a word as daseia : https://el.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0394\u03b1\u03c3\u03b5\u03af\u03b1 it is not in use any more though ( last 30 years or so ), 
  once again , you are right my friend !, 
  sure : thank you winter !, 
  sorry mate , but the turkish state should try harder . 
  you are correct . 
  `` x '' in greek sounds like h. i could wrote anaks . 
  for oxi ( = no ) it should be ohi ( no k before h ) as there is no `` k '' sound at all !, 
  but very well my friend , very well !, 
  you 've got a good grasp on greek alphabet and its sounds !, 
  in greek it is also [ anax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anax ) ( \u0386\u03bd\u03b1\u03be ) . 
  oh really ? 
  is that the sollution !?!?!?!? 
  it will be interesting to see what the solution will be when the shit hit the fan for some of these/or other countries . 
  lets say when russia starts bullying the baltics ( i hope it wont happen ) or any other eastern european country in that case will the solution be to build a fence around germany , austria italy and greece ? 
  just a thought on where it takes the eu project this kind of * solutions *, 
  i do n't know how it works - i am not a linguist - but you are very mistaken on what you say . 
  greek spread enormously in the ancient world . 
  it was the lingua franca at the time . 
  it 's the later . 
  although many words are similar to other european languages ( like father , pater etc ) our language managed not to change through time as much as other languages so now it 's on its own branch . 
  porto indo-european strong in greek porto indo-european very strong in lithuanian . 
  both sentences are valid !, 
  porto indo-european strong in greek . 
  forever alone !, 
  you are mistaken . 
  this and other popes met the constantinople patriarchs ( bartholomew included ) many times . 
  it 's just the 1st time in almost a 1000 years that a pope meets the moscow patriarch . 
  that 's all . 
  i aint your daddy nor your teacher dude ... stay cool . 
   it 's what i hear from greeks while i 'm there . 
  lol so you 've done your own statistics based on your contacts !, 
  shall we call it `` traitorbankerobarometer '' ? 
  as for how media - in the middle of the most severe financial crisis - paint the eu ... you should see how the british media paint the eu . 
  laughable to say the least . 
   greeks do n't actually feel ` european ' . 
  what a load of crap . 
  cause you read something in some book that doesnt make it a fact !, 
  pah !, 
  as for the `` mistrust '' greeks show to some europeans , it is because in greece the historical memory is quite strong and certain acts from fellow europeans are seen as nothing less than treachery . 
  if this is your idea then its because you do n't know enough about eastern europe . 
  you 'd be amazed . 
  greece refused border controls cause they were meant to be on the north borders only . 
  hence `` trapping '' all the migrants here while the relocation quota - as we all know - is a dead story . 
  lets see now that a nato fleet - under german command - is going to patrol the aegean borders , how successful they will be . 
  nah , we wo n't disappear . 
  that 's certain . 
  it 's just that we might wo n't be available/willing any longer . 
  you are missing the point mate . 
  it 's not schengen that truly matters . 
  they real problem is that if eu is willing to `` solve '' the problem by throwing us out of schengen and build fences then it means that the eu is not really interested on addressing the problem . 
  for instance have you seen any common-eu effort to put some serious pressure on countries like pakistan , algeria , morocco etc that do n't accept their own nationals back even though they ( their nationals ) are not entitled of a refugee status ? 
  that alone would cut the migration flow by 50 % . 
  but no !, 
  as with so many other matters the eu choses to pretend on taking action when in fact it shoots its own feet . 
  and do n't be fooled . 
  how they are treating this situation which now affect us in such a miserable way , is going to be how they will treat you or any other country when some problem surfaces . 
  we 'd be happy to share anything we could think of mate !, 
  if we 're still around that is ... :d, 
  perhaps greece would have done more if eastern europeans was n't that butthurt do deny any eu plan for relocations . 
  anyway , enjoy yourself while it works for you . 
  that 's old news dude . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  it 's always been the damn greeks . 
  enjoy !, 
  it already is shit here . 
  it 's just no very apparent . 
  i really feel sorry for all the years i believed in the eu ~ ~ project ~ ~ crap . 
  you know ... friendship between nations , common goals , common future , becoming one at some point . 
  nonsense , hypocrisy and lies ... and some of us idiotic enough to believe them . 
  if some dictator in syria and turkey taking advantage of the refugees is all it takes for your `` family '' to throw you out , then by all means i do n't want to be part of that * family * . 
  i sincerely hope our politicians finally show some guts and take us out of the eu . 
  we are truly alone , better to realize it and not rely on anyone . 
  if we make it alone , then fine . 
  if we do n't , so be it . 
  the world might be a better place without us . 
  please forgive us greeks for ebola , the pika virus , an asteroid that might fall somewhere on the planet , for the snow in antartica and any inconvenience . 
  it 's clearly our fault !, 
  i dont think they are greek . 
  greeks never called their leaders `` voivoda '' . 
  the event might happened into what is now greek territory but from the looks of it they seem to belong to some slavic minority . 
  nonsense . 
  the problem are not refugees per se . 
  refugees are the people fleeing from war torn places . 
  and turkey 's role in that is shady to say the least . 
  they are about 50 % of the people arriving from turkey though . 
  so what 's erdogan 's excuse for the pakistanis , bangladeshis , algerians .
