  it is a matter of political decision that has to be made on a eu level . 
  a voice of reason !, 
  you have my respect and an upvote sir !, 
  it 's because it is very competitive and pupils concentrate only to those subjects that they give exams in order to get to uni . 
  it 's winter . 
  even during a `` good '' one , freezing temperatures and snow are certain . 
  winter will make all the problems more difficult . 
  we are talking about tens of thousants people that will have to face the winter homeless . 
  you have to give evidence for that claim . 
  do you know of any other foreign company that used bribes in greece to do business and got away with it ? 
  these corruption cases involving siemens et all , started to be examined way before any financial issues . 
  so please give us more info about your claim . 
  then how come not all businesses act the same way as them . 
  it takes two to tango . 
  seriously . 
  instead of trying to argue it should be better if you gave it a bit more thought . 
  where the hell did i make the '' * assertion where greek politicians are corrupt only due to foreign companies * . '', 
  you know stretching the fuck out of something i wrote to pretend that i said '' greek politicians are corrupt only due to foreign companies '' is fucking corruption itself . 
  corruption is `` endemic '' ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  is it some kind of spieces that exists somewhere because of the climate ? 
  is it a matter of dna ? 
  did by some evil coincidence all the corrupt fuckers are born is some place ? 
  ffs , the fact that there isnt `` fakelaki '' in other places doesnt mean that corruption is less . 
  it means that corruption can take many forms . 
  some of them might pretty well be `` invisible '' to you or even you might pretend they do not exist . 
  when discussing an article about the corrupt practices of big international companies your comment is : `` oh poor victims the bribe takers are they were paragons of virtue until the corporations brainwashed them or something into taking bribes '' as if anyone defended the `` takers '' you have to be a complete moron not to realize that your input is one sided nonsence and far from anything serious . 
  pah !, 
  did the iq drop severely all of the sudden ? 
  ffs what has fakelaki got to do with the corrupt policies of big internatinal companies . 
  are there evil fakelaki bearing greeks everywhere on the globe this companies made their business using bribes ? 
  or do you think ( ? ), 
  that these companies gave bribes only in greece and zimbambue ? 
  ffs spare us from generalizations and oversimplifications . 
  spare me your misguided ironies please . 
  they are not witty . 
  the one that gives a bribe and the one that takes it , are equally corrupt . 
  the fact that you fail to see it doesnt mean it is difficult for one to understand it . 
  where did that `` germans '' came ? 
  we are talking about german companies not the german people . 
  also `` greek employees '' of a german company wouldnt be able to bribe anyone if said companies wouldnt provide the money . 
  but hey dont let me disrupt your oversimplifications : greeks are corrupt and they are the only ones that are corrupt . 
  i love how the verdict is ready : greece is corrupt hence they had to . 
  like in every 3rd word country . 
  from algeria to zimbambwe . 
  has it crossed your mind that perhaps companies like them are those who do corrupt the politicians in the 1st place ? 
  look for example where siemens did their shitty business . 
  you 'll find out that among them are countries like the us , norway etc. 
  your country is among them . 
  http://www.propublica.org/special/the-world-wide-web-of-siemenss-corruption also this is not the 1st time that this is being investigated in greece . 
  if you took the effort to read the article , it says it 's in 2009 that christoforakos fled greece . 
  why ? 
  cause back then the investigations were already so advanced that he was to be detained . 
  why nothing happened ? 
  cause `` some '' other countrie 's gov , did everything they could to stop it . 
  politicians have gone to jail here for those cases ... but none from those companies . 
  so yeah , it is a farse but not for the reasons you thought . 
  and sadly it is a farce played on the expense of the greek public . 
  4th generation and alienated ? 
  wtf is wrong with them ? 
  doesnt that brake your heart ? 
  [ the weather on greek tv ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fjaejxatr8 ), 
  do n't pay attention to r/masquechatice ... he/she is a hater that doesnt miss a chance to bash greece . 
  just check his older posts and you 'll see it . 
  stop nagging !, 
  you have a very very beautiful country !, 
  i would n't mind at all to live there and enjoy that amazing scenery , the forests etc !, 
  best regards from the other side of europe !, 
  poor poland has been through a lot ... my best wishes that poland would never again face such difficulties !, 
  i love the rain . 
  i live in nw greece ( mainland , just opposite of corfu ) and it rains a lot here ( about 1200 mm/year ) . 
  i would n't mind even more rain . 
  that 's not true . 
  germans can be pedantic but racist ? 
  nope !, 
  true heroes !, 
  hahahaha cats can be a bit stubborn !, 
  here 's my lena : https://scontent-mxp1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t31.0-8/1557255_10201497957435225_186817368_o.jpg she 's the sweetest cat ever . 
  she can be a bit mischievous but she 's very funny and caring . 
  she always follow me around and she 's always ready to be pet and play . 
  i have her since she was a baby and i love her to bits . 
  he looks like the twin of my cat lena !, 
  lena is a she btw !, 
  the fact is that in turkey most of them were in un supervised camps as far as i know . 
  in any case turkey is safe and therefore they could 've stayed there . 
  exactly !, 
  this is why tsipras wanted to have these elections so fast . 
  no time for the far-left wing to get organized . 
  in any case , the pro euro bloc in the parliament will get stronger . 
  of course this doesnt take away the fact that tsipras once again is using democracy for his personal tactics . 
  i dislike him ( and his syriza cronies ) with a passion . 
  lol and that makes finland ... ? 
  i 've visited albania a few times . 
  the scenery is very beautiful and the people very friendly and hospitable . 
  a warm mir\u00ebm\u00ebngjes and my best wishes to you neighbors !, 
  schaeuble uses the legality issue as an excuse . 
  not all experts are so sure as he is : http://www.ibtimes.com/debt-relief-greece-germany-says-its-illegal-reality-not-so-simple-2014043 that crap for greece leaving the euro `` temporarily '' was also a lie that did n't make any sense . 
  if greece left the euro and after 5 years managed to get its shit right , why on earth would greece would want to return back in ? 
  as you say he has other motives . 
  nope cretans always had guns .
