  so the sword is mightier than the pen ? 
  good !, 
  i am in no way syriza follower but it 's good that they 'll have to implement the measures . 
  they 'd really love to be off the hook and start their dumb rhetorics from the opposition as they this all these years . 
  now they 'll have to make it . 
  this is totally unfair . 
  what could she have done ? 
  she was literally trapped . 
  another low for journalism imo . 
  this is another bending of the truth . 
  no one thinks that way ie '' * give me money or you 're zombie hitler and the 4th reich * '' . 
  in fact no one in greece would blame germany or whoever if they didnt `` help '' at all , since the beginning . 
  what brought the `` nazi '' nonsense was the high morality narrative used ( for a purely economic matter ) in the most ugly way . 
  since the start of it all , we constantly hear how lazy etc greeks are from media with huge circulation and also the highest political figures ( even merkel didnt escape making remarks on how the southerners always go to vacations while the northeners work hard ) . 
  criminals wouldnt be criticized as harsh . 
  [ myths ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/the-myth-of-a-lazy-southern-europe-merkel-s-cliches-debunked-by-statistics-a-763618.html ) it 's only natural some would react using the nazi card . 
  the difference though , is that here except from some radicals idiots ( a small minority ) and their newspapers with minimal circulation , that idiocy ( ie nazi card ) was not used by anyone . 
  god !, 
  that is horrible ... :(, 
  sure , but that doesnt mean the article is right too . 
  where did you found that data . 
  they seem completely wrong . 
  gdp in `` germany '' at year 1 ? 
  what do they mean by germany ? 
  the territories inside the roman empire or the territories outside ? 
  also given that history tells us that on various occasions , the conditions north of the r.empire were so harsh that many times goths gave their children to become slaves to romans cause that way they 'd have better chances of survival ... it 's ridiculous to say `` italy 809 $ , germany 408 $ '' . 
  also the data seem to be completely different ( even bogus ) on what most historians and economists give : the byzantine gdp per capita has been estimated by the world bank economist branko milanovic to range from ** $ 1071.94 to $ 1375.65 in 1990 international dollars ( with inflation counted to give a more modern description ) at its peak around 1000 ad ( reign of basil ii ) . 
  ** [ 86 ] this corresponds to a range of ** $ 1935 to $ 2483 ** in today 's dollars . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_economy all and all , it is certain and agreed by all historians that byzantium for about 10 centuries was the world epicenter in arts , literature , architecture , economy etc. 
  the west helped to its destruction with the 4th crusade and was able to catch up only after the byzantium was lost and mostly because of the start of colonialism . 
  i didnt say that * nothing * happened in the west during the byzantium period . 
  i said that the western part of europe was far far lower than byzantium . 
  in every way : economically , culturally whatever . 
  the difference was huge . 
  there were times that the average citizen had a better life than a minor king in the west . 
  btw the black plague hit everyone in europe . 
  byzantium included . 
  i guess you know better than the oecd then !, 
  huge respect to you mate !, 
  loosen up mate !, 
  try to get a joke , it 'll do good to you . 
  jealous ? 
   greece was the central part of the eastern roman empire but it 's not stressed that much because byzantium was considered backward and reactionary . 
  which is correct in many ways . 
  that isnt correct at all . 
  quite the opposite i 'd say . 
  for the time period that byzantium existed , what was there in the west ? 
  actually west got a kick start that lead to renaissance when constantinople fell and many left for the west ( italy ) . 
  this has changed now . 
  regardless of what happens these reforms are something the vast majority here understands and wants to happen . 
  i 'll leave this here : https://rwer.wordpress.com/2015/02/17/reforms-in-greece-an-exemplary-record-but-the-wrong-track-3-graphs/, 
  i do hope you are right . 
  i do ... 
  i fully agree . 
  - permanent fiscal transfers mean a centralized ( and not a national one ) economic decision center . 
  i wouldnt have a problem with that . 
  - re-introduction of national currencies are indeed the best solution atm . 
  both are preferable to what is happening atm . 
  not because of the economic hardships per se but due to the fact that in the end they will provide no viable solution . 
  vive la france !, 
  agreement was made possible right after this : https://i.imgur.com/xt9nzl7.jpg :d, 
  you would n't put portugal and greece on the same table ... but i am afraid reality does . 
  our wages had to be cut more cause the crisis is dragging for so long . 
  remember when the crisis started our debt was 109 % of the gdp . 
  that was the great problem . 
  the lag on intervening and the obviously wrong programs imposed by troika made the situation worse . 
  as far as portugal is concerned i truly hope that the crisis is past for you guys . 
  i really do . 
  i ca n't see it though . 
  as i 've already said . 
  some economic indicators might have improved but the problem still lies there . 
  how can one think anything was solved when the debt is higher than ever ? 
  last , this mantra `` you were living way above what you should '' if correct ( i doubt it cause it 's much oversimplified ) then it certainly applies to you too . 
  the debt implies you did too . 
  in fact he himself is the eurogroup !, 
  why not make it official ? 
  actually france won more wars than any other in europe . 
  i read somewhere that at the start of the crisis , 45 billion would solve it for good . 
  the dragging of the feet , the lack of will etc ( while vultures managed to get rates up to 30 % ) managed to turn a sneeze into a perfect storm . 
  and the saga continues ... 
  who is constantly following the rules ? 
  but anyway , it doesnt matter . 
  i completely disagree with your view in what eu is and how it should go on to the future . 
  it is exactly the opposite of what eu was founded . 
  eu is neither an army barracks nor a judicial court . 
  i do n't know if you understand it but the way ez handled the crisis left it scared . 
  not because of the bail-outs but because of not being able to find a true solution . 
  when the crisis started 45 bill would solve it for good . 
  the lack of will to resolved it , the dragging of the feet ( while vultures managed to get rates up to 30 % ) made a sneeze into a storm . 
  ask anyone outside the eu . 
  they 'll tell you just that . 
  i fully agree on what you say !, 
  i too was until very recently was a very keen federalist . 
  i am afraid i am no more one . 
  please believe me , it has nothing to do with the economic hardships . 
  what disappointed me was the whole mentality . 
  all this antagonism , hate even . 
  people everywhere start name calling one another , belittling one another . 
  where did it all come from ? 
  this is the first crisis we as europe had to deal with and people so easily split ?
