  very beautiful !, 
  so water is wet !, 
  about 80 % of the greek workforce lives on a salary . 
  this will give you an idea . 
  anyway , as things are for the last few years it 's not easy to dodge taxes . 
  viva l'italia we love you italy !, 
  happy birthday to you !, 
  you know what ? 
  believe what you want . 
  it 's not my problem . 
  so you can read between the lines uh ? 
  lol or is it that you respond to your own preconceptions ? 
  dude ... get yourself informed . 
  it will serve you much better than pulling thins out of your arse . 
  make sure you vote for some president that 'll fight climate change and leave the european matters alone . 
  they are far to complicated for you to grasp . 
  is it time of the moronic comments again ? 
  where the fuck did you see me blaming the eu ? 
  get your cliches out of here . 
  the graph only shows the multitude of reforms not their success . 
  the problem here is a vicious spiral that everyone pretends they do n't see : lots of reforms ( much needed imo ) , but also huge tax raise and almost no investments . 
  you can have the most competitive legislation/environment , as long as the narrative of bankruptcy lingers no one is going to invest . 
   the fact that greece is first says everything . 
  please elaborate . 
  greece had done everything the troika asked . 
  even things that other european countries ( like germany ) would n't accept like shops to be open on all sundays . 
   greece has indeed , but there 's nothing * ordinary * about greece . 
  ... and the way greece is being played . 
  these where hyperboles from the beginning . 
  in any case the situation is quite different for some years , so no it doesnt happen to the extent it is presented . 
  it 's mostly about large corporations and tax dodging . 
  all fair points but that 's not all of it . 
  the taxes here have skyrocketed . 
  more and more businesses are closing or moving abroad . 
  why such a queue ? 
  it 's very complex . 
  philotimo literally means `` love of honour '' . 
  it 's more like doing what 's right even if that destroys yourself . 
  see this to get an idea : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axpjndvfbgu, 
  my grandfather was from france !, 
  thank you for answering !, 
  thank you for answering !, 
  my thoughts exactly !, 
  norway 0 ?!?!?!, 
  how come ? 
  i dont pretend and i do n't know !, 
  i have never seen a priest using a paint roller on the icons . 
  seriously ... what are they doing ? 
  they also call it peking . 
  makes sense !, 
  where 's the fondue ? 
  must be a fake photo !, 
  one 's got look a bit further to the past . 
  all along the `` target '' was the unification . 
  i 'm affraid it 's your politicians fault cause from the beginning the whole eec ( and later ee ) project was about a union . 
  i hear ya brother !, 
  on the plus side we 'd have a sick anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zggfhz02i2k love it !, 
  we can name it `` sheena the punk rocker '' for all i care ... :d, 
  i can understand that ... but the question that pops is : why did you join then when the plan was that all along ? 
  to stop it ? 
  to postpone it as much a possible ? 
  you didnt know ? 
  ffs europe should unite regardless of who 's ruling the u.s. 
  this was the plan from the beginning . 
  lets make it happen !, 
  united states of europe !, 
  hahahahaha, 
  seriously lovely place though !, 
  now that ive seen it , i wan na visit it !, 
  why do n't they follow their hearts and go back were they came from ? 
  done forget the horrendous peace and tranquility !, 
  that 's beautiful !, 
  i 'd be happy to live there !, 
  thank you !, 
  long story short : we fucked big time & now everyone is playing with us . 
  seriously !, 
  what the fuck is wrong with people ? 
  i hope those responsible will face the consequences . 
  right before the anti-anti-anti-anti-homophobia protest !, 
  happy culture day bulgaria !, 
  sorry but my understanding is quite different . 
  you cant put such a blame on west . 
  as i see it historically : ataturk tried to form a modern secular western like state . 
  these changes were too many/much for the conservative tradition oriented turkish society . 
  the state became `` secular '' in the sense it wasnt islamic but at the same time it oppressed other religious minorities . 
  it wasnt a matter of chance that the army ( and not society ) was the guard and guarantor of ataturk 's vision . 
  the glue that was used was ultra-nationalism that still lingers . 
  all these have create a huge problem though : lack of true democracy . 
  the army had to intervene whenever the army thought it would fit . 
  so an educated `` westernized '' ( but at the same time not liberal , which is a contradiction with the term `` westernized '' ) minority , managed to keep the islamists in the margin but at the same time failed to convince the majority to their views . 
  why ? 
  lack of true democracy . 
  an army doesnt do politics , it oppresses . 
  the 1st time they gave a bit more of democracy to the masses , they expressed themselves by choosing what they always wanted : tradition , conservatism , islam . 
  the turkish elite is what to blame . 
  they rested behind the army , they used all the wrong tools ( like nationalism , oppression ) and didnt take the time and effort to change the poorer and less educated part of society . 
  the idiot has about 50 % of the vote behind him . 
  that 's no small thing . 
  what political party/politician has such high % of the vote ? 
  erdogan is not an accident .
