  i start to see what they were seeing all this time . 
  bollocks !, 
  all these are about their own safety and not about loyalty . 
  would they be loyal enough to fight real wars and have casualties in far off places ? 
  like greece for instance that send troops and fought in korea to fight against communism ? 
  my grandfather went there and was decorated several times by greece , the us , south korea . 
  what did your grandfather do at the time ? 
  so cut the crap . 
  also about the `` 10 billion in contracts and breaking the eu unity '' with russia ... what one sided hypocritical bullshit is that you are talking about ... 
  the same day that greece made that contract , another contract was made . 
  a new pipeline in the north sea that will bypass poland and connect russia with germany . 
  but you never hear about it . 
  bollocks of the highest order with lots of hypocrisy too . 
  loyal in what ? 
  loyal in nato 's rules ? 
  loyal in strengthening nato so their own countries are safe ? 
  loyal in fighting in wars in far of places ? 
  define loyal please, 
  what reforms did they scrap ? 
  and do you think that the creditors or the opposition & media in greece wo n't notice it ? 
  seriously ... 
  is it a matter of belief ? 
  really ? 
  do you think that the money will be given all at once and right after the agreement is signed ? 
  this is n't some money an auntie gives to her niece . 
  gosh !, 
  some people ... 
  it 's the new trend in town . 
  quite fashionable . 
  i too wrote about that , not about you . 
  nope , things were n't truly coming around . 
  that 's one of the reasons a marginal party like syriza got the government . 
  since your credit card is not issued by a greek bank it should work just fine . 
  other than that , you say it 's all inclusive so a small amount of cash would be enough . 
  the worst thing that can happen to you if greece gets kicked out of the ez is that you might be able to buy yourself a small island with that cash . 
  knowing that so far only two countries follow the 2 % of the gdp rule ( us and greece ) , it is just like us saying that we pay nato for lithuania and complaining why they should be saved from russia . 
  such a shallow understanding ... and yes they are not members of the efsf so they pay nothing . 
  pettiness ... 
   that 's what soviet union did i understand that the soviet times must have been quite dramatic for you , but you certainly do not understand capitalism if you say this . 
  as for the rest ... 
  i will say that you are ill informed . 
  do you think that we have n't gone through strict austerity ? 
  or that even more is n't ahead of us ? 
  greece is n't asking just for more loans . 
  have n't you seen anything on the news ? 
  as for `` cheap credit '' this is only one of the factors for the situation . 
  what a deep understanding you have on the matter !!, 
  i 'm sorry that they had to go through rough times . 
  what i do n't understand is that if they suffered from those policies why would they want them to be implemented on others too . 
  how will that make them feel any better ? 
  about the imf take a look at that : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11654639/imf-has-betrayed-its-mission-in-greece-captive-to-emu-creditors.html mentions many things that you can search even more . 
  this is what some members of the board thought on 2010 : `` leaked minutes from the imf board meetings showed that all the emerging market members ( and switzerland ) opposed the terms of the first loan package for greece . 
  they protested that it was intended to save the euro , not greece . 
  it loaded yet more debt onto the crushed shoulders of an already bankrupt country , and further complicated the picture by allowing one large french bank and one german bank -- no names please -- to offload much of their $ 25bn combined exposure onto emu taxpayers . 
  `` debt restructuring should have been on the table , '' said brazil 's member . 
  the loans `` may be seen not as a rescue of greece , which will have to undergo a wrenching adjustment , but as a bailout of greece 's private debt holders , mainly european financial institutions '' . 
  arvind virmani , india 's member , was prophetic . 
  `` the scale of the fiscal reduction without any monetary policy offset is unprecedented . 
  it is a mammoth burden that the economy could hardly bear , '' he said . '', 
  about schaeuble . . see what he was telling on 2012 : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/30/business/dealbook/the-hard-line-on-greece.html?smid=tw-share&amp;_r=2 '' a grexit would be traumatic enough that it would help scare the rest of europe into giving up more sovereignty to a stronger banking and fiscal union , '' mr. geithner wrote . 
  `` the argument was that letting greece burn would make it easier to build a stronger europe with a more credible firewall . '' does n't seem like someone wanting to help . 
  rather that someone using machiavellian politics . 
  combine the above with this : and finance minister , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , has echoed this point , telling an audience in frankfurt that : `` debt sustainability is not feasible without a haircut and i think the imf is correct in saying that ... 
  there can not be a haircut because it would infringe the system of the european union . 
  '' http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/09/greek-crisis-reform-plan-grexit-tsipras-draghi-live also : date 2011 classification top secret / / comint-gamma / / orcon/rel to usa , fvey wikileaks synopsis intercepted communicaiton between german chancellor angela merkel and her personal assistant reveals merkel 's skepticism and doubts regarding potential solutions to the financial crisis in greece , and her determination to introduce a financial transaction tax ( ftt ) , eventually by pressuring the us and uk governments to support it . 
  download pdf eurozone crisis : merkel uncertain on solution to greek problems , would press u.s. and uk ( ts / / si-g / / oc/rel to usa , fvey ) ( ts / / si-g / / oc/rel to usa , fvey ) discussing the greek financial crisis with her personal assistant on 11 october , german chancellor angela merkel professed to be at a loss as to which option -- another haircut or a transfer union -- would be best for addressing the situation . 
  ( the term `` haircut '' refers to the losses that private investors would incur on the current net value of their greek bond holdings . ), 
  merkel 's fear was that athens would be unable to overcome its problems even with an additional haircut , since it would not be able to handle the remaining debt . 
  furthermore , she doubted that sending financial experts to greece would be of much help in bringing the financial system there under control . 
  within the german cabinet , finance minister wolfgang schnaeuble alone continued to strongly back another haircut , despite merkel 's efforts to rein him in , while france and european commission president jose manuel barroso were seen to be in favor of a gentler approach . 
  european central bank president jean-claude trichet was solidly opposed , with imf managing director christine lagarde described as undecided on the issue . 
  finally , merkel believed that action must be taken to enact a financial transaction tax ( ftt ) ; doing so next year , she assessed , would be a major step toward achieving some balance in relief for banks . 
  in that regard , the germans thought that pressure could be brought to bear on the u.s. and british governments to help bring about an ftt . 
  unconventional german leadership g/oo/526362 -11 , 181753z https://wikileaks.org/nsa-germany/ about the private bond holders hair cut and how destructive that was for our economy you will find ( and lots more ) info here : http://www.mediapart.fr/en/journal/international/080715/we-underestimated-their-power-greek-government-insider-lifts-lid-five-months-humiliation-and-blackm?page_article=1 `` the part of the second programme of the agreement of 2012 , after the haircut of the psi [ private sector involvement ] , which was about 170 billion euros , 50 billion out of that was for the recapitalisation of the banks . 
  of course , there was another problem . 
  from the psi , the public funds suffered losses almost , if not more , in their own reserves . 
  why ? 
  because they were forced under the law to save their cash reserves with the bank of greece , and the bank of greece had the right to use these funds to buy bonds on their behalf . 
  for me it was a big scandal because apparently what happened was a lot of politicians , bankers , a lot of people went and gave - they had bonds that they had bought 20 % - they went and they gave it to the greek central bank , bank of greece , 100 % , they got their money and then the haircut comes to the public . 
  basically , what they were forced to do was to use their cash reserves , social security funds , pension funds , in order to buy government bonds that were going to be cut in real terms around 70 % in present value . 
  so the funds right now , the pension funds , are facing a bigger problem than the banks are facing . 
  the pension funds have to plan 15 to 20 years ahead to be able to pay pensions , when the aging population is increasing and the working population is decreasing . 
  they also have to pay unemployment benefits and so on . 
  so , all these debt locks came to the front now . '', 
  do n't worry too much about that . 
  that kind of politicians are everywhere . 
  we certainly have some nasty ones here too . 
  his attitude ca n't make me angry with german people . 
  again you are assuming things . 
  why do you think i am confused ? 
  cause i said that the help was wrong ? 
  or do you assume i came to that conclusion because of the lowering of living standards ? 
  the fact that the help was wrong is a historical fact now . 
  many economists said so , the imf said so ( even issued a `` mea culpa '' ) and since yesterday even mr schaeuble said so . 
  why do you continue to make such assumptions on what i think ? 
  why do you make false assumptions on things i havent said ? 
  is it because of my flair ? 
  did i imply that greece 's problems are someone else 's fault ? 
  where ? 
  what i said is that greece 's problems got worse with the wrong kind of help .
