  so much so , it 's beyond funny !, 
  it 's depressing . 
  never mind buddy !, 
  no problem at all !, 
  well ... 
  i know ... `` trust the imf '' sounds a bit much ... 
  well i ca n't be sure about that ... 
  i do n't trust yanis . 
  never did . 
  ps it seems it did n't work even for the `` largest economy in the world with the most nukes '' . 
  sure !, 
  it explains why we have such nice weather for starters . 
  what else do you have in mind ? 
  only important nations that contribute much should be kept in ? 
  that 's funny coming from someone from a tiny nation under the threat of the russian bear . 
  we can ask at the nato meetings `` why is so important not to let lithuania to be consumed by the russians when they do n't contribute that much '' ? 
  you know ... why risk a war ? 
  when you answer the 2nd question you 'll have the answer also for the 1st one . 
  oh yes they very well know it . 
  the imf knows it and all the worlds economists know it . 
  so why is it happening ? 
  politics . 
  you said it yourself at another post . 
  when they saved the banks with this program , it would n't go down well is they said `` we are saving irresponsible banks that lent too much money to corrupt greek governments '' . 
  so they named it solidarity and greece 's bail out . 
  in fact it was only a debt transfer along with some extreme measures . 
  now everyone is stuck in their own narrative . 
  do n't trust us . 
  trust the imf and the results at hand . 
  `` claimed '' ... 
  where were you in 2010 mate ? 
  they did n't allow greece to default . 
  remember we even had an undemocratic government change cause a prime minister suggested a referendum before we accept the bail-outs . 
  if they were geographically closer to the uk or germany id bet things there wouldnt be as bad with a much more healthier econony nearby . 
  omg !, 
  they are surrounded by spain , thats why things are not so good for portugal ? 
  man !, 
  i 've read plenty of nonsense on the net but this one deserves an oskar if not a nobel prize !, 
  so tsipras is right when asking for a political solution ? 
  :d ps just kidding . 
  i think you should read the article again . 
  `` what europe is demanding of greece ca n't be done -- a government can not credibly commit to do the politically impossible . 
  ** and , according to the imf , even if it could be done , it would n't work . 
  aside from this , europe 's position is eminently reasonable ** . '', 
  in other words the point of this article : that the plan is wrong . 
  this is a bit unjust . 
  these corrupt governments were the center/left , center/right parties . 
  there was no other choice in the political arena . 
  there were extremist parties like the stalinist communist and syriza . 
  syriza was a 4 % to 6 % party until very recently and for good reason as you now see . 
  syriza came to power not only because people had enough of austerity and bought their lies but also because they were fed up with the corrupt old ones . 
  imo syriza is a catastrophe for my country . 
  i always thought so and now i see it happen . 
  surely we have a responsibility on who we vote in a democracy but this too comes up to a point . 
  no one ever voted someone because they new he was a lier or corrupt . 
  when the brits voted for blair did they know how much he 'd lie to them about saddam 's nukes and weapons of mass destruction ? 
  nope !, 
  they fell victims to him . 
  only some ayatollahs said that the british people were responsible and should be punished . 
  he 's not delusional . 
  he 's an arsehole too . 
  happy birthday to her !, 
  please no worries !, 
  que sera sera . 
  whatever happens , better or worst it doesnt matter in the grand scheme of things . 
  besides ? 
  what 's better than to laugh at your own misfortunes ? 
  :d https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpqtcrm61-i, 
  i can live with that !, 
  what ? 
  when they told you to get a pussy then did n't mean the cat !, 
  pah !, 
  why not ? 
  they didnt do much but they didnt do any harm either . 
  which can not be said for the politicians that came afterwards . 
  they were cool in their traditional greek costumes too !, 
  so why the hell not ? 
  much better than what 's available locally atm . 
  no problem or any need to apologize !, 
  our government and troika are fighting so hard cause they are so eager to do what 's best for us !, 
  happy birthday and many happy returns !, 
  we took it to another level . 
  i have nothing at all against you ( personally ) , i regard you as a very decent and positive person - with good reason - and it is a joy and privilidge for me to chat with you about anything whatsoever . 
  i have nothing against your people and nation too . 
  in fact i do love and admire germany ( for all the right reasons ) . 
  i despair though at times on how easily many there climb on their high horse and look down on us . 
  it is very sad and disheartening . 
  it even makes our hardships feel worst . 
  we are not a nation of thieves , liers , lazy people and bastards . 
  we have our share of idiots and papers like bild ( where no politicians would ever accept to write an article though ) but mainstream papers would never belittle germans . 
  again . 
  scientifically it 's nonsense even at that level ( name chosing ) . 
  pericles was the democratic ruler of athens that emptied the state 's treasury bulding the acropolis . 
  a great scandal at his time and age . 
  he hurt the economy so much that the city never recovered economically and he was very harshly criticized by the citizens of athens . 
  as for socrates he is the epitomy of the psyche of byzantines and modern greeks . 
  so much so that in the early times of christianity here , so many christians used his example and thinking as a means to defend themselves in courts that he is a semi-recognized saint in our church . 
  there are plenty of byzantine and modern day churches that have frescos of socrates , aristotle , ploutarch , etc. 
  right beside the saints . 
  he doesnt have a clue how much the ancient philosophers influenced and are intergrated in our ( orthodox ) church , oral tradition even in customs * .
