  disgustingly so . 
  do n't take the effort to reply . 
  i wo n't be talking with you about the subject . 
  the facts speak on their own : check the map . 
  no greeks remain in turkey while 10s of thousands are still in greece , while new ones come here to find shelter driven away from their own state . 
  idiot !, 
  you certainly have a talent to miss the point . 
  what happened in 1954 got no mention by you . 
  ok , i get it . 
  [ talking to you is like talking to a brick wall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reukc83czys ) . 
  hint : do n't take the iq test . 
  continue on your own, 
   except to call themselves turkish , that is illegal . 
  according to the treaties signed by both countries . 
  check your facts . 
   so that makes erasing cultural rights ok ? 
  are you pulling these out of your arse ? 
  seriously . 
  they have their mosques ( none burned ) , in school they are taught in their own language ( in turkey until recently even kurdish was illegal ) , they elect their own mps . 
  how hypocritical you are ? 
  or have lost contact with reality ? 
   til looting and violence against the ethnic minority never happened again !, 
  any deaths occurred ? 
  were these events staged by the state ? 
  were any mosques burned ? 
  imams killed ? 
  graveyards destroyed ? 
  they word hypocritical is greek and i understand it completely . 
  let me explain why you are a hypocrite . 
  we are talking about state staged provocations that led to many deaths and the expelling of a whole human group . 
  a kristallnacht similar to the one staged by the nazis . 
  yet you come here say `` while not to the same degree '' and you change the subject in order to divert the conversation to event that are of no consequence in their analogy . 
  it 's like someone talking about the jewish genocide and you jump in to say `` yeah but the allies bombed berlin , which was n't right '' . 
  seriously , fuck off . 
  as for the pomaks and the turkish consulate , you should know that they filled many formal complains about the pressures they have to face in order to be identified as `` turks '' . 
  as for identifying them officially as pomaks i guess you have no clue about the wwii events and what bulgarian occupation ( axis ) forces tried to do with the term . 
  other than that they have no problem whatsoever to call themselves whatever they wish . 
  also in turkey are not recognised as pomaks . 
  i look and see a community that grows in numbers , have the same right as everyone else in the country etc. 
  although there is a turkish consulate in komotini that always tries to be as provocative as possible etc. 
  by the same standards as the turkish ones there should be none of them left there . 
  no blood was spilled there . 
  so please try not to be as hypocritical and moronic to level things up they are completely different . 
  many of them are not turkish . 
  they are pomaks and are frustrated to be identified as turks by foreign jerks . 
  the problem with turkey is not only the denial and/or `` justification '' of terrible events but also a * constant * policy of violence against ethnic and religious minorities until the get rid of the problem . 
  to those blinded by their efforts to be apologetic and to soften these historical facts i can only say : shame on you . 
  these maps are not about one incident that happened in the early 20th century you morons . 
  it shows a * constant * policy of elimination . 
  as much as you want to hide the truth , it will come back and haunt you . 
  example : the [ anti-greek istanbul pogrom of 1954 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom ) . 
  completely uncalled for , completely `` designed '' by the turkish government and perfectly executed by the turkish people . 
  see what is about : '' an eyewitness account was provided by journalist noel barber of the london daily mail on 14 september 1955 : the church of yedikule was utterly smashed , and one priest was dragged from bed , the hair torn from his head and the beard literally torn from his chin . 
  another old greek priest [ fr mantas ] in a house belonging to the church and who was too ill to be moved was left in bed , and the house was set on fire and he was burned alive . 
  at the church of yenik\u00f6y , a lovely spot on the edge of the bosporus , a priest of 75 was taken out into the street , stripped of every stitch of clothing , tied behind a car and dragged through the streets . 
  they tried to tear the hair of another priest , but failing that , they scalped him , as they did many others . '', 
  i have no problem with the turkish people in general but those of you who deny , cover up and try to find justifications on such vile acts of violence you should know that you do your country no favours . 
  people like you are what 's making turkey go down . 
  enjoy now the outcome of your ethics . 
  please do n't be sad ... why do n't you take your board and go surfing in one of those famous austrian beaches ? 
  that will make you feel better . 
  dont forget the sunscreen though !, 
  kindergarden attitude ... 
  and that 's it ? 
  i thought they were roaming free in the austian fields and deserts !, 
  what a let down ... :p, 
  where are the kangaroos ? 
  yeap pletho was a major figure . 
   eeks under venetian rule fair any better ? 
  yeap they certainly did !, 
  they excelled in many areas too . 
  an example would be ( el greco ) [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_greco] . 
  as for the turkish occupation , yeah harsh contitions and famine etc played a big role . 
  being christians they had extra taxes to pay and also couldnt own `` good '' land etc. 
  actually many urban areas were abandoned as people preffered to go live up in the mountains ( greece is a very mountainous place ) so not to have any contact with the ottomans . 
  more than 87 % of the population chose that . 
  this had consequences to the population numbers but on the other side , most of greeks had no contact with the ottomans at all . 
  places that were under venetian rules flourished ( for instance ( corfu ) [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corfu] . 
  but we did made it to [ china ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/china-terracotta-army-ancient-greek-sculptors-alexander-the-great-marco-polo-a7357606.html ) ... as for the low numbers during the ottoman occupation ... well you can blame slaughtering etc. 
  black death too, 
  shame that these arseholes come from the same country as i. 
  of course it should be mentioned that they arent more than 5-10 people in a country with a population of 10.000.000 +, 
  that 's a huge step you took there . 
  never said they were born that way . 
  the awful fact is that they turn that way . 
  did they fry their brains with some books ? 
  i do n't know and honestly i do n't care . 
  what they do is totally unacceptable and that 's all there is to it . 
  oh please do n't even joke about it . 
  5 or 10 arseholes aint enough to claim that title . 
  they are . 
  some of its member are already in prison serving ( multiple ) lifetime punishment . 
  it 's not easy to catch them all but eventually they 'll do it . 
  people here are sick to death with them . 
  cause there are some serious arsholes among us . 
  i feel totally ashamed for that . 
  they claimed that `` nemesis '' plan ( no one know what is it ) in their manifesto today and also that they have made allies with other terrorist groups around europe . 
  they do mention italy in specific . 
  dont try to understand such scum . 
  stupidity can not be explained .
