  nor pure evil . 
  they dont give a rat 's arse for anyone . 
  they just dont care who they hurt . 
  not exactly !, 
  they are a terrorist group that did similar things ( in greece ) for other reasons too . 
  scum of the highest order, 
  the answer is quite simple my friend : they are monumental arseholes . 
  in other words : do as we want or else ... feck off !, 
  cunts that do such acts have no respect for human life . 
  actually they have no respect for anything or anyone . 
  by definition they think that everyone else 's wishes are worthless and only their own are valid . 
  they are scum . 
  also do n't forget that varoufuckis would only have to ask zeus ( his dad ) to send a lightning bolt . 
  after he screwed us over it is said that he opened a unicorn farm . 
  well as a greek i 'm only angry about our own governments mate . 
  i blame them . 
  we trusted them and they failed us miserably . 
  i know you did n't mean that mate !, 
   it 's just that i find such actions totally evil . 
  whatever his policies , this is totally unacceptable . 
  i hope they 'll find the cunt who did it . 
   man is the cruelest ~ ~ animal ~ ~ beast . 
  ftfy, 
  the [ irony ] ( http://www.dpa-international.com/topic/turkish-law-prohibits-campaigning-abroad-row-europe-deepens-170309-99-595734 ) !, 
  lol, 
  none of our business . 
  turks should do what they want . 
  the base on the dark side of the moon is a hoax . 
  we all know that . 
  but we know about the true base in the antarctic , and the one inside hollow earth . 
  in all seriousness , it 's good they directed their rage to oranges . 
  it could have been much [ worse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom ) . 
  respect to our danish brothers !, 
  happy birthday to your brother and many happy returns . 
  now these look yummy !, 
  there : [ be afraid . 
  be very afraid ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/ftpv20f4juykyi1uojjtqxl7yvy1zwxlnhozwxvytjo.jpg?w=614&amp;s=6c665b8b0f63a9a47d58af73564e742b ) you should 've never gone against the wishes of the majestic sultan . 
  now it 's too late . 
  thank you !, 
  did erdogan ever called your country/nation nazis ? 
  you pasted the test !, 
  you live in an open democratic society . 
  very informative !, 
  dutch pot is the same as [ dutch oven ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=dutch%20oven ) ? 
  as a balkan german i have to agree with you ( a german ) . 
  dont worry mate , we trully love you !, 
  how sad is all this ... uk leaving the eu and in danger to split . 
  i wasnt talking about farmers in general . 
  i was talking about them . 
  cretan farmers . 
  far from being the poor among their proffesion . 
  it 's become a joke . 
  for as long as i remember - and far before than the economic crisis - farmers ( in general ) demonstrate , close the roads , riot every_fecking_single_year like a clockwork . 
  always at the same time of the year ( when they have no work to do in the fields ) always asking for the same things . 
  in fact they are some of the most privileged in greece . 
  obnoxious indeed . 
  what a `` nice '' politically correct flat out of true events . 
  taking your child is a `` traumatic '' experience ? 
  how about `` life shattering '' ? 
  the devshirme system lasted for 250 years . 
  does that look not much to you ? 
  200.000 children and you say `` not nearly every christian family in the empire was affected '' . 
  oh yes !, 
  they took the strongest and brightest . 
  everyone was terrorised though as they never knew if their child was next . 
  many amputated their children so they would get got . 
  as for the number itself . 
  do you think the population was as high as today ? 
  see the demographics . 
  the same applies for the whole balkan area : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_greece '' the loss of a considerable area in asia minor along with a series of conflicts henceforth with the ottomans never allowed the greek population to recover and over the next few centuries remained stable between the range of 4 -- 5,000,000 people '' . 
  it was n't so hard to find . 
  its bloody wikipedia . 
  why the sultan would send the janissaries to fight their own parents ? 
  cause the revolts that would happen every 40 to 50 years . 
  do you think that revolts in the balkans started only in the 19th century ? 
  what an anal thing you say there : `` and it also was the best option for upward social mobility that those children had . 
  they would become part of the sultan 's elite force , the janissaries , or the imperial bureaucracy , meaning they could rise as high as the office of grant vizier . '', 
  how about staying with their own loving parents ? 
  would you give up your child to someone richer than you ? 
  at an age between 8 and 18 ? 
  no the devshirme is not complicated at all . 
  it was a crime against humanity not less than those nazi 's did . 
  you know that nazis took children from eastern europe ( poland , checoslovakia etc ) to raise them as germans while they considered their parents subhumans ? 
  do you also find that more `` complicated '' ? 
  my other claims stand to the truth but when you obviously try so hard to flatten out the reality , it indeed escapes you . 
  i do n't care if you believe it or not . 
  i have no respect whatsoever for you personally to give it a try . 
  after all children abductions were good for them and more complicated that it seems . 
  bollocks !, 
  thank god i do n't have such a personal experience about the devshirme or the jizya . 
  they are well documented though . 
  does n't leave much space for questioning . 
  is n't devshirme not enough pitch black for you ? 
  to take your child from you , to change his mentality , to put him in an army force hostile to his own parents ? 
  unfortunately they are not false or exaggerated . 
  anyone from the christian balkans will confirm it . 
  as for sources there are literally thousands . 
  did you search and found none before expressing such scepticism ? 
  google is your friend you know . 
  for the rest things you mention , i have no interest to reply or explain to you .
