  for historical reference only : http://www.newtekjournalismukworld.com/uploads/8/0/1/6/8016027/1925563_orig.jpg here 's a picture of greece 's finance minister at the london conference of 1953 , signing a treaty agreeing to cancel 50 % of germany 's debt . 
  btw in that treaty it was agreed that the other half german debt would be repaid by its exports only . 
  hence helping germany further to become an export economy . 
  you see if others wanted the debt paid , they had to buy german goods first . 
  that is what happened . 
  with this i do n't want you to think that i expect you would do the same . 
  i would wish for it but i would never expect it . 
  a person can reply with a fuck you whenever someone else tells him that first . 
  spare me of your one sided , hypocritical and ill conceived ethical advices . 
  you look pathetic having no moral grounds whatsoever to think you can ride your high horse . 
  again . 
  where do you come from ? 
  also what you missed that i replied to what / r/sob3k said :  no , you have one of the biggest armies/tank armies per capita in the europe/world , because you fear turkey . 
  once again . 
  where are you from ? 
  to see if you really know what you are talking about . 
  we were attacked by italy , then by germany and bulgaria . 
  3 armies at once . 
  we fought , civilians were lost but we continued to fight . 
  we even had one of the greatest resistance movements in all occupied europe . 
  that only two decades after the wwi . 
  when we got rid of the germans , we fought the communists . 
  you see ? 
  there 's a huge difference . 
  no matter who the enemy was or how strong the enemy was , we always fought for our freedom . 
  no matter the odds , no matter the losses . 
  that 's where the difference is . 
  you can always find reasons not to fight . 
  fine !, 
  your choice . 
  but spare me the snide remarks about buying tanks and our fear of turkey . 
  as i said , fear was never the decisive factor for us . 
  for you it was , but for us never . 
  i understand what you are saying ... 
  when i say it 's better for us to get out all the way , it 's got nothing to do with nationalism . 
  it 's got to do with getting away from this poisoned environment . 
  better apart and to love each other than together and hate . 
  i am deeply disappointed . 
  well not really when we make comparisons with most east european countries . 
  you for instance . 
  where do you come from ? 
  there was no one to help us too . 
  the gb backing came long after . 
  you can read it all in history . 
  also the attitude `` we are smaller hence no point to resist '' is simply pathetic !, 
  your choice by all means . 
  at least you should have the decency on not giving me lectures about what we fear or not . 
  you said it yourself it was fear that stopped you on defending your country . 
  do n't think that fear is what is going to stop us too . 
  i know all about kgb governments and the collaborators in the east european countries . 
  each case is different . 
  the polish for instance are one great heroic nation . 
  you should take example from them . 
  how much did you fight the communism you so much hate ? 
  better than to insult others without having anything to be proud of . 
  we have one of the biggest armies of the world cause before we ask others to help us , we want to defend our country against any external threat . 
  that is very important to us , more important than economy . 
  you and them have n't cause you would n't like a sky high debt but also because you were never serious to defend your country . 
  not in the wwii , not against the communists you so much hate . 
  the last war was n't with turkey . 
  it was with germany and then a civil war against the communists . 
  fear of turkey , is what you see . 
  you claim loyalty to others when you do n't show it for your own country . 
  so spare me the lessons about loyalty . 
  i am sorry too . 
  i really am . 
  i too was a fanatic about the eu dream . 
  i just ca n't believe to the fairy tale no more . 
  not when all this hate and bigotry is around . 
  where did it come from ? 
  where was it hiding all this time ? 
  so yes i believe that in the long run we 'll be better on our own . 
  it 's got nothing to do with nationalism . 
  the way the eu is going , it is certainly wrong . 
  i do n't think that people are ready for a federation . 
  too much small minded national interests . 
  well they did n't even do that . 
  same as slovakia i 'd say . 
  btw we are in nato , not because we fear turkey . 
  nato would n't help us or turkey in the case of a conflict you know . 
  cause we are both members of it . 
  so check your info . 
  it 's the right thing to do :d, 
  i did n't say it is one sided . 
  never the less our newspapers and media , at least the mainstream ones have behaved quite better . 
  the only newspapers that have shown such low quality remarks are marginal and with a very small circulation . 
  i am not a leftist nor a syriza voter or supporter . 
  i used to be a federalist but i ca n't be one anymore . 
  what changed it for me ? 
  not the financial situation . 
  it was the damn narrative all this time , from the `` lazy '' greeks propaganda to the `` why we should care , let them suffer '' mentality of east europeans . 
  economy is one thing , a very strong one but not the heart of the union . 
  what was behind the idea of the union is no longer there . 
  intolerance , fanatism , finger pointing , propaganda , each to his own interests , name calling etc is what i see for years now . 
  i do n't want to be part of this anymore . 
  i want out for good . 
  out of the ez and out of the eu . 
  i hope the greek proposal wo n't be accepted cause it will be the first step out . 
  we will bleed for sure , it 's going to be a mess but i hope it will eventually drive us away from all this poison . 
  i came to understand why the brits that have no financial problems want out .
