   ... thanks to idiot humans , ** you ** are the real earth murderers . 
  are you an alien ? 
  i agree that most brits ( 87 \u2105 according to article ) would be against forcing eu immigrants to leave on brexit . 
  there are no figures for the number of brits who desire that eu immigrants stay in the uk , the number who are ambivalent and the number who actively want them to leave . 
  ( guardian ) headline quite misleading . 
   84 % say eu citizens already living in the uk should be able to stay . 
  this is not the same as * wanting eu migrants to stay * . 
   the eec was a political project from the get go . 
  i ca n't disagree , but for a time it did n't involve political union and it worked . 
   both the eea and the efta allow for freedom of movement with all of the eu . 
  so if the referendum was about immigration , a lot of voters are going to be very disappointed . 
  which is why i said ` which , depending on the detail , may not go down well with the eurosceptics in uk ' . 
  what i want is a return to eec for the uk . 
  a union of free trade , but no political , military or monetary union . 
  what i think will happen is * a version * of eea/efta , which , depending on the detail , may not go down well with the eurosceptics in uk . 
  one of my favourite phrases ever was taken from a serious newspaper article on international aviation . 
  it stated ' ... english is the lingua franca of aviation ' . 
  unpick those words !, 
  ok , got it . 
  i 'll watch out for it in future . 
  thanks for your patience . 
  still not sure why you think i used a shortener , when i did n't ( actively ) do this . 
  i literally just copied the url . 
  this pub/hotel - https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/03/49/e7/ac/the-old-hall.jpg this pub - https://goo.gl/images/qzn4bf, 
  nah , it already happened . 
  there would certainly be fewer wars . 
  ca n't see this properly on my phone , will look later and delete my objection in the meantime . 
  thanks for the link . 
   half our country voted against this ... not quite . 
  ooh , remain is catching up !, 
  are you sure we got the right time for this train ? 
  having great fun watching the referendum results come in to the bbc live coverage and seeing the establishment ( left and right ) squirming as leave continues to exceed expectations . 
  it 's very early days , but well worth staying up late for . 
  probably the most convincing argument to vote remain in the whole campaign . 
  i 've only ever seen it from the jersey ferry but it looks lovely . 
  and after all , it 's still better than being french . 
  indeed he did . 
  the government scare tactics in the eu referendum know no bounds . 
  i think you 'll find that the uk ( including brexit advocates ) do n't mind giving money to spain , greece etc. 
  it 's the thought that our money is going to french farmers that really gets us upset . 
  seriously ? 
  i have n't come across any such claims . 
  the only related claim that i 've seen is cameron 's ridiculous assertion that without uk , the eu would go to war with itself . 
  edit : surely , if the euro 's ( football competition ) have taught us anything , it 's that europe is less stable with england in it . 
  dry stone walling is still widely used in uk and ireland ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dry_stone?wprov=sfla1 ) . 
  thatching is still used , though not widely ( http://www.britainexpress.com/history/thatching.htm ) . 
  you may have a point . 
  they do n't stand a chance . 
  they should have sent the football team . 
  it 's all a matter of taste . 
  there are wonderful wines from all over the world but my favourite happens to be french . 
  it 's not an expensive or even a cultured wine , but it tastes like heaven to me . 
  edit : and it 's very strong . 
  vinny jones . 
  he is the one on the right in the linked picture https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/d7/f0/6a/d7f06a22370ee76341c4918f09729112.jpg . 
  how about a line around the eu ? 
  if someone is threatening an eu country , sure we 're involved . 
  but threaten a waterway near the philippines , surely not . 
  does the fact that it 's on the other side of the world not suggest that maybe it 's none of our business ? 
  what , like a european union , division 2 ? 
  sounds kinda cool actually . 
  my point was that noone ( leave or remain ) can see the future and thus has no real idea what the implications of leave or remain will be . 
  edit : having a plan does not grant prescience . 
  gunboat diplomacy . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
   the refusal to face up to the implications of what is really at stake in the referendum ... 
  this sort of misses the point that noone really knows what the implications are . 
  interestingly , the anglo-saxon word for the native british was ` wealh ' . 
  this can mean both foreigner and slave . 
  ` wealh ' is the origin of the word welsh , referring to the people in the land now called wales occupied by the ( non-anglo-saxon ) british . 
  what that old thing ? 
  long gone and mostly forgotten by the time i was at school . 
  it was never really part of the life of most british people ( more of an adventure for the elite ) , and from a personal perspective my antecedents of that time were mostly non-british . 
  really ? 
  expand , please . 
  the only empire i remember studying at school was the roman empire . 
  we did n't even touch on the polish/lithuanian commonwealth . 
  of course star wars came out when i was still at school , could that be the empire to which you refer ? 
  members of both the house of commons and the house of lords are required to take an oath of allegiance to the crown before they take their seats in parliament after a general election or by-election and after the death of the monarch . 
  any mp or member of the house of lords who objects to swearing an oath can make a solemn affirmation instead . 
  just to be clear , i would have no problem identifying all the countries mentioned on a map of europe . 
  my original point is i would not have associated them as slavic . 
  from my perspective it has no geographical meaning . 
  the original post referred to the slavic people , which if op defines as those people who speak a language with a slavic root , then yes i would n't know which languages this meant as i have never studied any of them . 
  if on the other hand op is referring to some racial link , then i would put it with all the other spurious racial subdivisions that racists rely on . 
  it could be that i was away on the day school covered `` how to be a racist '' . 
  ok fair enough , but when you come to england you 're usually called plumbers ( british stereotyping ) . 
   what 's wrong with identifying with them ... ? 
  seriously ? 
  there have been one or two historic examples around the world where this was less than positive . 
  yes , i think that makes sense to me . 
  in the same way that english/dutch/german ( germanic ) languages are linked but i would n't identify with a germanic people . 
  i just think focusing on subdivisions is necessarily divisive . 
  may just be my background where it was n't valuable to focus on differences . 
  no i would have guessed the most obvious two , but definitely not some of the others . 
  i did n't forget you , how could i ? 
  i just would n't necessarily put you in a slavic subdivision because it had never entered my head to do so . 
  i 'll be honest , without looking it up , i would struggle to name the slavic nations of europe . 
  ok russia is easy and we all know of the special relationship between serbia and russia , so serbia makes two . 
  after that , well i 'm guessing .
