  hopefully uk will be well clear when the fighting starts . 
  smith - a smith ( metal worker ) 2 . 
  jones - son of john 3 . 
  taylor - a tailor ( maker of clothes ) or williams - son of william or brown - person with brown-coloured hair/clothes, 
  [ finland finland finland ] ( http://www.lyricsfreak.com/m/monty+python/finland_20197479.html ), 
  try https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage?wprov=sfla1, 
  in the uk , most public holidays ( termed bank holidays ) occur on a monday . 
  so may day ( 1st may ) is * celebrated * with a public holiday on the 1st monday in may . 
  similar systems for late-spring and august bank holidays . 
  as has already been said , for easter we get a friday and a monday . 
  the big exceptions are christmas day and new year 's day . 
  if these fall in mid-week , we get that day off ( 2 days for xmas ) ; if they fall at weekend , we get the monday off ( monday and tuesday if xmas day falls on the saturday ) . 
  i hate to think what conclusions you 'll draw from answers to these questions . 
  the questions were so general that i doubt anyone could give answers that would accurately reflect their feelings on this subject . 
  i always like russian , but only ever hear it in films , so it may not actually be genuine russian . 
  strangely , i dislike hearing polish , but i think that this dislike was caused by sitting close to a pole in an office for a few months . 
  he would spend 30 minutes every morning shouting down the phone to his colleagues back in poland and i swear , he never paused for breath for the whole call . 
  as an englishman , i struggle with the definition of ethnic english . 
  personally only one of my grandparents was english . 
  in my case the other grandparents were irish , welsh and scottish but i think i am just as english as someone whose grandparents were all english and i see no reason why i would feel different if my grandparents had been kenyan , polish and french . 
  i guess it would save on enemies . 
  the soldiers could just shoot each other without bothering anyone else . 
  checkout the movie transsiberian from 2008 . 
  hope your journey is n't this eventful . 
  are you fully up to speed with lithuania and estonia then ? 
  belarus - because it 's one of the furthest away from uk , and it was called something else ( in english ) and then ceased to exist as an independent entity before popping back into existence . 
  highly suspicious behaviour if you ask me . 
  or possibly albania , because of its long period of apparently mad isolation . 
  can we make the migrants pay for it ? 
  if europe is so bad , why do people want to migrate there ? 
  i do n't see her carrying off the stovepipe hat look , but maybe the vampire slaying would suit . 
  i shall wait and see if we brexit before undertaking that particular task . 
  it would be a shame to learn another language that i never use . 
  your england is probably better than my greece . 
  awesome , thanks . 
  i would never have got the nuance of the collected docs from what i saw in the translation . 
  an example of a link to a german site , where i have used google to translate ... `` 100,000 euros was an anti-immunization pay the person who provided evidence of the measles virus . 
  a physician provided - and is now empty yet made . 
  because of a technicality . '' . 
  i gave up reading this potentially interesting story at this point . 
  sorry , where is `` here '' ? 
  if you mean the subreddit , then mostly great . 
  even when not perfect , i can usually make sense of it . 
  my only problem is when a link to a site in another language is provided and i have to use google translation . 
  this works well for danish/swedish etc. 
  but it is usually unintelligible for german sites . 
  the division between europe and asia is a false one , which leads to the problem with russia , turkey and kazakhstan . 
  really it 's all just eurasia . 
  practically every english person i know has some irish lineage , so most of us have a reason to be fond of the emerald isle , but not all of us are sure the feeling is reciprocated ( for obvious historic reasons ) . 
  difficult to say from uk , apparently there are only 22 countries that we have n't attacked at some point ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/9653497/british-have-invaded-nine-out-of-ten-countries-so-look-out-luxembourg.html ) , but probably australia . 
  what is article 7 ? 
  an eu infringement procedure to be used against member countries that have committed fundamental rights violations . 
  there are two parts -- article 7.1 would allow the council to give a formal warning to any country accused of violating fundamental rights . 
  if that does n't have the desired effect , article 7.2 would impose sanctions and suspend voting rights . 
  source : http://www.politico.eu/article/hungary-eu-news-article-7-vote-poland-rule-of-law/, 
  if you do v2 , can you please invert europe so that uk is further south ? 
  it 's just too warm where you 've placed us . 
  the 5p coin is there so you can tell that it 's meant to be money . 
  here 's my * useless * change https://imgur.com/a/45kj7, 
  oh i see now , it 's like the code phrases the bbc used to broadcast to resistance fighters in ww2 . 
  good luck , jean-paul !, 
  i 'm confused !, 
  op asked for translation , you suggested google translate , op used google translate and helpfully posted some of the translation . 
  sadly , as is often the case with google something is lost in translation ; specifically ` response stations ' . 
  this seems to have offended you in some way . 
  is that correct ? 
  if so , why ? 
  if not , then i 'm even more confused than i thought i was . 
  iceland . 
  like to malware . 
  actually my impoverishment took place some time ago , so i 'm afraid you 've missed the boat on that score . 
  perhaps you can look forward to my becoming feral . 
  i had n't realised i was dealing with a cultural elite . 
  thanks for the warning . 
  where on earth do you get your onions . 
  onions smell great !, 
  diversity is an interesting word though . 
  it can mean more ethnic restaurants to sample to one group of people and mean living in a ghetto to other people . 
  it rather depends on your personal circumstances . 
   let 's face it , uk oversold itself to the world . 
  really ? 
  i must have been on holiday on that day , i certainly do n't remember doing it . 
  the point here is that we are an island nation with an island mentality . 
  we do n't need to carry identity cards , healthcare is free when you need it , people are taken at their word and if you do n't bother other people then they wo n't bother you . 
  we are not at all like continental europe , which is the reason migrants want to come here . 
  they may be asylum * seekers * , but they are economic migrants and not genuine refugees ( otherwise they would seek asylum in italy/greece/france etc. ) . 
  we all know that and the french know that but are unwilling to do anything about it . 
  it 's been estimated ( the i , this week ) that around 200 people a week make it from the calais jungle to uk . 
  i do n't believe anywhere near 200 people are actually caught or actually then seek asylum . 
  this means france is harbouring probable illegal immigrants to uk and as i said earlier is unwilling to do anything about it . 
  it 's a disgrace and closing the border to france is a genuine solution . 
  not a great one economically , but the alternative is to go the european route of carrying i 'd cards etc. , which would be horrible . 
  norway ? 
  it would make the walk to the continental end of the tunnel longer , which might put a few people off , and very scenic , which would be nice for those that persevere . 
  and some good sagas . 
  you 've sold the idea to me , where do i sign ? 
  it 's time to build a better tunnel to a better neighbour . 
  perhaps it 's just people going to read the article , but finding a paywall . 
  i know i have downvoted similar nytimes articles in the past for this very reason . 
  that 's possible , but i 'm an optimist .
