i 've never actually heard about this alternative . 
  seems it 's not popular . 
  uaz is a suv . 
  it should be in the same category as niva . 
  if their ca issues a certificate for reddit ( which already has a certificate ) it will be spotted and this ca will soon become non-trusted . 
  putin will buy them vpn . 
  or isps are just not that fast . 
  they usually do n't update their black lists immediately after something new was banned . 
  knowing what usually happens with such companies as youtube or twitter , i would suggest the page will be banned for russian people by reddit staff . 
  it 's usually blocked either by an ip-address or by an url ( if the isp has dpi ) . 
  so proxy is needed to bypass the ban . 
  they 've blacklisted not the whole domain but a page about drugs . 
  however , not all isps have dpi and are able to ban separate pages . 
  and reddit is also available via https which renders it impossible to ban a separate page without falsifying a certificate . 
  i wonder what happens next . 
  it 's hardly possible to talk about self-determination because the peninsula had been invaded by russian forces prior to the referendum . 
  considering this , it does n't even matter if people actually wanted to be with russia . 
  wow , because of lukashenko we are not # 1 in europe . 
  it seems our censors should work harder . 
  edit : at least crimea is # 1 , what an achievement . 
  my comment does n't imply `` i agree with a '' either . 
  i does n't contain my opinion on `` a '' at all , and i do n't intend to share it . 
  it just contains my assessment of the reason you have been downvoted . 
  you need to post the comment where i have stated the things you assign to me . 
  if you think there 's no difference between `` you have been downvoted for a '' and `` i think a is false '' , you might want to learn some logic . 
   yes you stated the truth upsets you show . 
  the . 
  very . 
  comment . 
  where . 
  stated . 
  that . 
  i have stated the reason why you have been downvoted . 
  i have neither stated my opinion on this statement nor even confirmed that i have downvoted it myself . 
  stop making things up . 
   you denied truth that russia invaded ukraine , claimed this is not true although it is show me the very comment where i have stated that . 
  seems like i 'm wasting my time ... 
  this will be the final one . 
   see , you refuse to have any discussion . 
  incorrect . 
  only off-topic . 
   your first comment was a statement about motivations and a denial of truth it was a statement about your comment , nothing else . 
  i 'm discussing only the fact your comment in * this * thread is incorrect . 
  you might have agreed and remained silent . 
  or you might have tried arguing against this point . 
  my opinion on russia , ukraine , universe or anything else is not related . 
  stop trying discussing what i think . 
   all we can discuss is your denial of truth of russia occupying ukraine completely irrelevant . 
  i will not say anything new ( in this thread ) unless you have anything constructive to answer to my first comment . 
  it was neither about russia nor ukraine . 
   that is not personality . 
  it is opinion maybe you do n't know the meaning of the word ` personality ' . 
  you 've started discussing myself for some reason . 
   you chimed in that the butthurt comes i have never used the word ` butthurt ' , do not misinterpret my words . 
   you refused to discuss the russian occupation of ukraine . 
  so we have nothing to discuss i have never intended to , it is off-topic . 
  the only thing i wanted to do was to mention incorrectness of your comment in this thread . 
  i agree that there 's nothing to discuss , and the only answer i expected was silence , but not the change of subject . 
   i never commented on your personality  russian occupation of ukraine makes you so angry i see a contradiction . 
  once again you make assumptions about things i 've never expressed myself . 
   there is nothing to really discuss other than why russian occupation of ukraine makes you so angry i kindly remind you that i 've began with accusing you of incorrect information about what you 've been downvoted for . 
  that 's the only topic i would like to discuss here , but you continue avoiding it . 
  both the truthfulness of the message you 've been downvoted for and my opinion on it are completely irrelevant . 
  you seem extensively obsessed with my personality . 
  do you have to say anything constructive on my first comment in this thread instead of switching to completely irrelevant things ? 
  here we go , personal accusations . 
  once again , do n't switch topics . 
  and i do n't have friends on reddit . 
  i 'm not going to discuss your views on russian-ukrainian relations during this time . 
  i 'm just noticing that your statement on what you 've been downvoted for is wrong . 
  do n't switch topics . 
  you 've been downvoted for `` ukraine occupied by russia '' . 
  uranium in uranium reactors and in thorium reactors are different isotopes , so they should n't be directly compared . 
  and uranium in thorium reactors is not the end product , but the nuclear fuel . 
  thorium is just used to create it , transmutation from thorium to u-233 does n't produce energy . 
  noooo !, 
  the best ( in my opinion ) song in this year 's contest ... 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  currently as a tv channel they are notorious for aliens , pseudoscience and so on . 
  their news programs are also rather bad . 
  yep , this summer . 
  some of my friends even want to go to belarus to collect new coins before they disappear due to high inflation rate . 
  yes . 
  http://ren.tv/novosti/2016-04-13/posle-poleta-su-24-nad-donaldom-kukom-s-esminca-uvolilos-bolee-20-chelovek you may use google translator . 
  however , i have to say that these media outlets are shit even by russian standards . 
  huge value for a single coin . 
  meanwhile in belarus there 's a 100 byr banknote equal to 0.4 euro cents . 
  they 've used another opportunity . 
  i 've seen reports in our media that 20 + american crew members have resigned due to being frightened by the russian jet . 
  i do n't think that the church calls for a legal ban of homosexuality . 
  but its stance on homosexuality is very negative , and it has an influence on the population . 
   predominantly atheist russians that 's not true , atheists in russia are a minority . 
  see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_russia or http://www.pewforum.org/2011/12/19/global-christianity-exec/ the orthodox church is one of major drivers of traditional values . 
  homosexuality is viewed as immoral in the scope of these values . 
  does russia qualify ? 
  about a half of the population think that homosexuals should be prosecuted or medically treated . 
  i 'm so ashamed of this ... 
  i hope it 'll end way sooner than in 22 years . 
  this ad is not even aired in russia . 
  the person who complained about it found it on youtube .
