  and without permanent registration , you can face some problems with social services . 
  for example , it will probably be harder to send your kid to a local kindergarten unless you are permanently registered there , but it probably can be overcome with sufficient bureaucracy . 
  losing parts of the country to foreign aggression is n't really funny . 
  maybe we have different ideas of what integration is . 
  i would say that a person which respects laws of the state and respects rights of other people to have different from their views and opinions is a sufficiently good member of the society . 
  i do not expect people to change their beliefs . 
  persuading ( without threatening and violence ) other people to follow practices and ideas of any kind might be annoying but is just activism . 
  the important indicator of being integrated could be what would have happened if he had been told to fuck off . 
  if he would have responded with violence , then he obviously does n't respect other people 's choices and is not a good member of the society . 
  but we do n't have such a situation in the video , and i do n't want to speculate and assume the worst about the person i do n't know . 
  the nature there is beautiful though . 
  i do n't think his actions shown in the video are in the scope of law ( maybe they are , if he used compulsion and it was n't included in the video ) . 
  it 's also perfectly fine to have religious traditions unless they violate laws . 
  my deeply christian grandmother really liked to teach others how to live as well , was she not integrated ? 
  i ca n't say we have `` successful integration '' , but i do n't see how this video is related to integration . 
  while teaching others is an asshole thing to do , he does n't even do anything illegal ( at least in the video ) . 
  there are many better examples , like wedding shootings and likes . 
  the first video is not a very good example . 
  in this video , a muslim man tries to teach other muslims how to live . 
  while many places in russia are shitty , they are not * that * dangerous . 
  they are used in actual ongoing conflicts , you know . 
   immigrants from ukraine are mostly ethnic russians . 
  do they get russian citizenship ? 
  i think it depends on the reason they stay to russia . 
  there are people who work in russia which has a better economy , they can have families in ukraine and not want to get the citizenship . 
  then there are many war refugees from the eastern ukraine , i think they are more likely to apply for citizenship , as there might be nowhere to return . 
  as far as i know , there are no advantages for ethnic russians when it comes to obtaining russian citizenship . 
  it 's somewhat complicated . 
  i might be wrong as i live in a fairly homogeneous region ( nizhny novgorod is 93 % ethnic russians ) and do n't know that much about other ethnicities , but here 's my view . 
  caucasus is the most difficult region ( even chechen wars were not so long ago ) , and i would say the republics there are more separated from the outside russia than united with it . 
  there is a significant number of russians that have negative views towards people from this region , casual racism is widespread . 
  other minorities ( e.g. , tatars ) usually retain their national identity , but there are n't significant difficulties with inter-ethnic relations when it comes to them . 
  i believe most of them returned in the 90s and already have russian citizenship . 
  from what i have read about this holiday , women traditionally prepare food for the celebration at home while men participate in the prayer . 
   that there is n't a significant muslim population in russia . 
  i never assumed that . 
  but moscow is not the whole russia . 
  there is significant muslim population in russia , but they are distributed non-uniformly , as there are predominantly muslim republics . 
  i 'm fairly sure that the vast majority of the muslim population in moscow are either internal migrants ( who do n't own property in moscow ) or foreigners . 
   that illegals are overwhelmingly muslim not only illegals , any migrants . 
  the distribution of migrants by country is known ( [ for example ] ( http://www.rbc.ru/society/04/02/2015/54d0c05e9a7947df123f23e1 ) ) , all major sources of migrants except ukraine are predominantly muslim and very religious countries ( e.g. , uzbekistan has 93 % of muslims ) . 
  you 're wrong . 
  i do n't know the exact numbers , but i would n't be surprised if the majority of muslims in moscow are n't even russian citizens . 
  moscow has a lot of migrants from uzbekistan , tajikistan , kyrgyzstan , azerbaijan . 
  i 've found a statement from a representative of the federal migration service who claims that there 're 1 million migrants in moscow , only 400 thousand of whom are legal ( [ source in russian ] ( https://news.mail.ru/society/16407839/ ) ) . 
  most of them are from those countries . 
  there are muslims that consider themselves ethnic russians , of course . 
  [ more photos ] ( http://varlamov.ru/2438216.html ) from varlamov 's blog , there are some great shots which better show the scale . 
  press office of rosgvardia estimated the number of participants across moscow as more than 250 thousands . 
  technically , it 's a peninsula , but it 's still called merritt island . 
  kourou is better than any point in europe mostly due to its proximity to the equator . 
  9 in 6 months is not that many so far , they are definitely planning to do more in the future . 
  it should be added that this is also the second time they launch an already used rocket . 
  considering kennedy space center is located on an island and rockets are launched towards the ocean ( and come back from the same side ) , i do n't think that safety for people is that big of a concern . 
  self-destruction still can be triggered above the ocean if the trajectory goes completely wrong . 
  it is a much bigger concern , for example , for russia , which launches rockets from deep inside the continent . 
  something is better than nothing , i guess . 
  the soviet culture in general was quite non-accepting of anything or anybody `` different '' , it was frequently considered threatening the communist values . 
  honestly , i 've never heard of it being celebrated there . 
  maybe i 'm just ignorant though . 
  good . 
  now everyone who comes up to my pc can immediately see that i 'm reading the most gayropean sub out there . 
   so as long as you have money to pay fines you should be able to do whatever the fuck you want no matter how many people you inconvenience ? 
  solid stuff there ... for that matter , community sentences exist . 
  instead of money , it steals your time and uses it for public good . 
  jail sentence for shouting in the street ( for example ) is ridiculous , no matter how many times it happened . 
  this is n't in a church . 
   an event which was held in a designated area which event exactly ? 
  there was no ongoing mass in the cathedral at the moment of their action . 
  they breached the rules of behavior in the cathedral and public order , but not an event . 
  their protest was mostly against putin , not the church . 
  however , it is important that they were convicted of `` hooliganism on a basis of religious hatred '' . 
  the main argument against the sentence i 've seen is that the motive of religious hatred was n't proven by the court . 
  `` gay propaganda '' does not exist , being gay is not a choice . 
  i remember only one case so far when russia refused to comply with the echr decision ( [ regarding yukos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yukos_shareholders_vs._russia ) ) . 
  i suspect it has a high chance of being another one , unfortunately . 
  the win in the 1812 war was also very important for the people of that century . 
  less so nowadays , much time has passed since then . 
  police presence is probably necessary at any kind of public events . 
  still , `` thousands of helmeted police '' is too many . 
  it seems to become bigger every year . 
  hope someday so many police wo n't be needed to protect the march . 
  putin says many things . 
  he would also say that russia is a democracy , there are no restrictions for gay people , etc. 
  the worrisome thing is , people are currently becoming more positive towards stalin , and the government has a fair share of influence in this process . 
  it will air next week on channel one , the main russian tv channel . 
  a [ photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7zetkep.jpg ) from my city , nizhny novgorod , made by my friend . 
  quite a lot of people there , likely more than on the previous one . 
  yes , on a different date ( a workday instead of a holiday ) as well , which diminishes the whole purpose of a country-wide protest . 
  the cited reason that all 5 locations were occupied by different protests for the entire day was also complete bullshit . 
  nn is a very passive city , we usually do n't have much public activity , let alone 5 different meetings on the same day . 
  photos from those places made on march 26 showed , as expected , that absolutely nobody was actually present there . 
  it is similar only on paper . 
  in my city , nizhny novgorod , on march 26 ( during the previous country-wide protests ) , the local government prohibited * all 5 * locations , gave no alternative locations whatsoever , and detained several people who just spoke at the unsanctioned protest ( no violence or anything like that ) . 
  i actually do n't get his decision to suddenly move the protest to tverskaya . 
  there is a legitimate different event on tverskaya ( and not some spoiler event just to prevent the protest ) , those people should be able to have it without inconveniences . 
  the situation with sound on sakharova really sucks though . 
  trump wants to completely ban visitors from certain countries . 
  they already have a visa regime with them . 
  this is about visa-free travel for * ukrainians traveling to the eu * , not vice versa .
