  it 's a shame that attack on privacy is a global trend though . 
  you link to a modern polish word . 
  the correct link contains two meanings and is https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/reconstruction:proto-slavic/krajina edit : i should also point out that the comment by / u/sclonelypilot was not about `` kraina '' . 
  i 'm not suggesting this . 
  if you have read my messages , i 'm not suggesting that either of the versions is true . 
  unlike you , i 'm not pretending to be qualified enough to have any independent view on this matter . 
  i merely point out that your approach is anti-scientific . 
  e.g. , in addition to those `` likely '' , for some reason you find your silent assumption that `` ukraina '' is derived from `` kraina '' obvious . 
  it 's not . 
  your support of one version of etymology is completely fine , i never had any intention to oppose it . 
  however , your inability to acknowledge that there is an open dispute in etymology is not . 
  your attempts at disproving actual research behind one of the versions with fancy wordplay and without digging into historical documents are irritating to me as a scientist . 
  i 'm sure that historians and linguists whose version you support did a much better job at contesting the another hypothesis . 
  i also find the further discussion rather pointless , as initially i wanted just to point out a false claim about communists . 
  do you really intend to use `` most likely '' and `` there is no reason to suspect '' as serious arguments in linguistics ? 
  that 's utterly anti-scientific . 
  frankly , a lot of researchers of different times and countries have reasons to suspect that it is not the case . 
  btw , using ad hominem and claiming that i have an agenda is not a valid argument either . 
  you initially made two statements which i ca n't consider as valid arguments because 1 . 
  invented by communist -- simply false . 
  `` but it was used by communists '' does n't make it less false . 
  usage by communists also does n't affect the validity/invalidity of the version . 
  meaning in modern ukrainian -- true , but not relevant for the question of etymology . 
  thus i objected , not because i wanted to disagree with your position on the etymology . 
  the argument about word `` kraj '' is fair , so i do n't object it . 
  i 'm focusing on this meaning solely because you did n't acknowledge its existence and also made a false claim that the version based on this meaning was invented by communists . 
  i 'm not a qualified linguist to have an independent opinion on which version of etymology is true , but i still can point out some fallacies . 
  do you understand what etymology is ? 
  it 's about history of language , it does n't matter what '' \u043a\u0440\u0430\u00ef\u043d\u0430 '' means in modern ukrainian whatsoever . 
  upd : regarding the word '' \u043a\u0440\u0430\u00ef\u043d\u0430 '' . 
  proto-slavic '' * krajina '' was derived from `` edge '' , see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krajina ( there 're quite a lot of references ) . 
  meaning of `` kraj '' or `` krajina '' as `` area '' seems more recent . 
  facts ? 
  this version of etymology was definitely known before communists . 
  see , e.g. , polish slownik geograficzny of the end of the xix century or small brockhaus and efron encyclopedic dictionary . 
  hrushevsky also supported this version , but he can barely be called a communist sympathizer . 
  edit : by the way , meaning in modern languages is irrelevant when we 're talking about etymology . 
   the whole borderland bullshit is invented by fuckheads who ca n't see difference between u/v and o letters . 
  considering the slavic word was `` oukraina '' and contained both of these letters , this argument does n't sound very good . 
  i do n't know what the hell you 're talking about , but russian troops took over crimea at least as early as february 26-27 , while its independence was declared on march 17 after the `` referendum '' . 
  there was no second referendum , by the way . 
  the very benefit of the tourist industry . 
  i bring money from my country into your country and help create jobs in the tourist industry . 
  it can also positively influence relations between countries and cultures in the long run . 
  for me , schengen visa usually adds about 10 % to the cost . 
  not that big of a deal , but it 's still not a negligible sum of money . 
  the process of applying for a visa also wastes time ( especially for people outside big cities in which you can apply ) and ensures that i ca n't just spontaneously decide to buy airplane tickets for the next weekend . 
  edit : i also think that visa requirements can be a put-off for those who have never traveled . 
  collecting all documents , filling in the visa form , standing in a queue in a visa center is just not a very pleasant experience . 
  the most obvious benefit is more tourists . 
  fame is often a historical thing and should be judged after a couple of decades . 
  what about howard behrens , rob gonsalves , joe dowden ? 
  painting has also became less popular because of photography and cinematography , so it is expected to see way less big names . 
  what a joke . 
  why would you compare an actual restaurant to a kebab kiosk ? 
  compare things of the same level . 
  have you never seen a good chinese/turkish restaurant ? 
  we have kiosks with pancakes and pierogi here , are they somehow related to multiculturalism ? 
  comparing historic center of prague to new york chinatown , really ? 
  what is the message here ? 
  do you expect breathtaking architecture in a not-that-old district populated by an ethnic minority ? 
  or that poor advertisement regulations are somehow a multicultural thing ? 
  do we really need to limit african dance culture to twerking ? 
  comparing art on the basis of technical difficulty seems extremely narrow-minded . 
  that reminds me of khrushchev being angry at an avant-garde exposition . 
  do they call everything above the sea level a mountain there ? 
   the term kievan rus ' was created by weatern historians for a purpose . 
  you have to note that western historians tend to be unbiased , where the same ca n't always be said about russian historians , especially soviet ones . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  according to wikipedia , as well as google books ngram viewer ( which shows statistics of phrase usage in books ) , the term kievan rus ' dates back to russian historic books of the 19th century . 
  the first reference in english is of the early 20th century . 
  by the way , in soviet history books , `` kievan rus ' '' was the most widely used name for that country . 
   russia could comfortably be split into many states with at least 5-10-20 million inhabitants and a ton of natural resources on top of that does n't seem that simple . 
  inhabitants and natural resources tend to concentrate in different parts of russia . 
   written in russian i would n't call that russian . 
  it 's written in a mixture of old church slavonic and local spoken dialects . 
  it 's almost impossible to read scans of laurentian codex or any other close to original version ( btw , the original is lost ) without translation into modern russian or at least some adaptation . 
  kaliningrad oblast is missing in 1991 . 
  i 've been very surprised to find one souvenir shop in tallinn with tons of staff glorifying putin and russia . 
  it 's not like you have to choose only one of them . 
  having three systems seems better than having two . 
  how am i supposed to unsubscribe after it 's blocked ? 
  south american countries have a lot of visa free partnerships . 
  russia does n't . 
  there are not that many countries to which i can travel without a visa as a russian citizen , and similarly citizens of few countries can enter russia without a visa . 
  to be fair , statistics for the first 29 missions is a bit better for falcon 9 ( 2 +1 failures/partial failures vs 2 +2 ) , so they still can manage to achieve similar results in the long run . 
  strangely it does n't happen to me . 
  maybe , just maybe , it has something to do with what you write . 
   true , and thus belarus is hardly a good example of democracy and prosperity so is russia . 
   and even they are not russia-level despotic . 
  debatable . 
  lukashenko has been a president for 23 years already , it 's the only country in europe still having death penalty , recently they 've introduced a tax for being unemployed , they are constantly lower than russia in [ press freedom rating ] ( https://rsf.org/en/ranking/2016 ) , etc. 
  several years ago , there was no doubt that belarus was more authoritarian than russia . 
  however , russia has been gaining a lot of momentum in the recent few years , so now it 's quite hard to tell . 
   gee , i wonder why that happened . 
  what could have possibly motivated contractors to forego profit and not install equipment for an anti-government protest in russia ? 
  what a coincidence !, 
  likely they were pressured by the local authorities . 
   you do know it is only in russia that anti-government protests face that many nonsensical undemocratic bureaucratic obstacles selectively enforced only against them so as to obstruct any dissidence , right ? 
  compared to most of europe , yes , sure .
