  it 's usually very brief ( like one paragraph ) . 
  the fact that according to the secret protocol to the molotov -- ribbentrop pact baltic states , finland and eastern poland became the soviet `` sphere of influence '' is taught . 
  then the fact that soon after the german invasion the soviet armies invaded the the territories of eastern poland ( in one schoolbook they state that poland was already defeated by then ) and made them a part of the soviet union . 
  in the aforementioned book these territories are also called `` western belarus and western ukraine '' and the fact that they used to be a part of the russian empire lost in the russian -- polish war of 1920 is mentioned . 
  overall , i do n't think many people actually remember anything about this from history lessons due to this brevity and a very reserved use of words . 
  authors probably try not to highlight shameful parts of our history very much . 
  i 've heard that \u0141 is pronounced differently in different parts ( in some like `` w '' , in some like `` l '' ) . 
  have i been misinformed ? 
  not that diverse now . 
  a lot of people moved all over the country during the soviet times , plus the spread of tv with standardized russian . 
  i can think of a southern accent with a very distinct ukrainian `` g '' sound . 
  there are also people with different accents from different republics in russia , most notably caucasian republics . 
  unfortunately , quite a few people are fans of stalin . 
  no , it 's not ( yet ) . 
  invasion of poland is still even briefly mentioned in school . 
  it 's not official . 
  but it merely contains instructions for how to install the russian language pack for the official app . 
  it does n't offer to download a separate app . 
  it 's just a localization pack for the official app . 
  yes , that 's not official . 
  if you just install the app from appstore/android market , you do n't have an option to make the ui russian initially . 
  of course , sending messages in russian ( or any other language ) is always supported . 
  however , i 'm completely fine with having the ui in english . 
  yeah , i guess liveinternet is a better source than alexa for the runet . 
  they are still close in the market share though . 
  google is now more popular in russia . 
  yandex used to give much better results in russian , but in my opinion it 's no longer the case . 
  after they left russia , he and his team also made telegram . 
  it 's funny that telegram does n't support russian language . 
  the worst you can get is considerable fine . 
  they were arrested for an unsanctioned protest action , but not imprisoned . 
  i do n't know if they were actually fined , i ca n't find the court decision ( if it exists ) . 
   bolek & lolek and reksio oh , i also remember both of those from my childhood . 
  did n't know the second one was also polish . 
  targeting russian citizens is a common theme of many kremlin 's actions . 
  it seems intentional . 
  this picture was dedicated to a michael carpenter 's statement on improving the american positions in the arctic region . 
  i ca n't find the source of his statement , though . 
  yes , i 've found it in their public . 
  it contains a lot of ridiculous shit . 
  gay or not , but 20 bucks is 20 bucks . 
  for sure , but homophobia is still a problem even in the most gay-friendly countries . 
  in many european countries it was decriminalized in the second half of the 20th century , which is far from middle ages . 
  russia is definitely behind in terms of homophobia , but not that far away from some of the countries in the eastern europe . 
  the main problem is that it 's currently getting worse in russia . 
  russia six years ago was much more neutral towards gay people . 
   an old soviet army style belt which is still used in the army . 
   i have no fucking idea whatsoever what `` studio13 '' is there is a link to their vk public right in the picture . 
   all russians share speak for yourself . 
   i dare you to tell me where exactly this picture comes from , and how exactly is it supposed to express the views `` of russians '' about eu https://twitter.com/russianembassy/status/789903797803970560 that 's an official account . 
  `` middle ages '' still sounds like overreaction considering homosexuality was removed from the list of mental diseases less than 30 years ago . 
  two friends of mine traveled on bicycles across the eastern part of poland , and they say they had to get by using a mixture of russian , belarusian and gestures . 
  i guess it should be much better in large cities . 
  something like that maybe . 
  a relevant joke . 
  france , uk and russia introduced a law on compulsory anal rape of all citizens on saturdays . 
  the british gathered and reelected the parliament . 
  the french gathered and made a revolution . 
  the russians began to join the queue on fridays in order to be dismissed earlier on saturdays . 
   and yes i know people should n't think that because one person did it therefore they all do it but a lot of people do think like that not only a lot of people think like that . 
  dima yakovlev 's case has led to a law prohibiting us citizens from adopting russian children whatsoever . 
   they use the word `` pederast '' for homosexuals . 
  that 's true , but i have to mention that the meaning of the word `` pederasty '' in the everyday russian language is different from english and is synonymous to homosexuality . 
  i think barely anyone knows the initial meaning of `` pederasty '' . 
  true , this slang is barely known outside the lgbt community . 
  most people probably imagine all homosexual men as feminine in appearance and behavior . 
  there is a somewhat strong sentiment among the most conservative people that homosexuality is closely related to pedophilia . 
  the disputes started long before this armed conflict . 
  very strong . 
  the vast majority of population is against gmo . 
  production of gmo in russia has recently been banned ( scientific purpose is the only exception ) . 
  grigory bakunov used specialized gps and glonass receivers and a frequency analyzer . 
  he found out that the transmitter inside the kremlin uses gps l1 frequency . 
  we usually have international versions of phones which tend to have both gps and glonass . 
  yugoslavia has never been in the ussr . 
   5-10 times really ? 
  prices in latvia and estonia did n't seem high to me . 
  i had to learn capitals and locations of * all * countries in school . 
  no flags , though . 
  but i do n't remember most of them . 
  i have great short-term memory , but not as good long-term one . 
  outstandingly terrible , mostly . 
  it is not mentioned in the article , but putin also demands compensation for the damage caused by counter-sanctions imposed by putin , which is ridiculous . 
  very poor on average . 
  very few among the older generation know english because some of them never studied it , and there also was completely no use in it during the soviet times . 
  the situation is much better in large cities and among the younger generation , but is still bad . 
  many of the young people , who studied english , ca n't speak it or understand spoken language , as there is usually little to no practice of listening to real native speakers . 
  i 'm a young physicist ; therefore , i obviously consider english as a professional necessity for me . 
  and i 'm greatly dissatisfied with the level of english even among young scientists , for whom it is really important . 
  they have all the means to improve , but they are not even willing to . 
  an average person rarely needs to use their knowledge of english . 
  without practice , knowledge vanishes . 
  last ? 
  yeah , here it 's the opposite . 
  the owner has to prove their innocence if they do n't want to pay the fine . 
  precisely . 
  cameras ca n't detect who drives the car , so the tickets are issued to the owner of the car . 
  +60 in russia ( which leads to 120 in cities and towns , 150 outside , and 170 on motorways ) . 
  it 's also not a mandatory penalty , you can still just get a fine . 
  in addition , you can never lose your license if speeding is detected by a camera .
