  though , i tend to somewhat dislike his populism and do not agree with him on some things . 
  i can also name max katz , i like his approach , but he 's not widely known and is hardly a politician ( he 's currently a municipal deputy in moscow ) . 
  not in the slightest . 
  i hold very pessimistic views on the future of my country . 
  i do n't think dictatorships can be viable . 
  things ** used to ** be improving ( in economical terms ) . 
  i believe now they 'll continue to go down . 
  standards of living have significantly improved since the early 2000 's ( though , this may change back quite fast as we 've already become almost two times poorer in mere two years ) . 
  i think people mostly miss the feeling of living in a world superpower and also remember the harsh times after the collapse . 
  standards of living in the ussr have been rather terrible compared to what we have now . 
  ok , i 'll try to support these claims by the polls conducted by levada : http://www.levada.ru/eng/stalin, 
  it 's probably just this mentality when a country 's success is associated with its leader . 
  we have a long tradition of `` good tsar , bad boyars '' type of thinking . 
  we definitely had his `` one day in the life of ivan denisovich '' as a part of the program . 
  and i do n't remember exactly , but probably `` the gulag archipelago '' was somewhat an optional reading . 
  as far as i know , now `` the gulag archipelago '' is an obligatory part of school program ( since 2009 ) . 
  i do n't know if it was like that earlier but i remember reading solzhenitsyn 's `` the gulag archipelago '' at school ( i 'm 23 now ) . 
  i also remember learning about stalin 's repressions and millions of people affected by them . 
  i completely do n't understand people praising stalin . 
  a popular argument for stalin is probably something like : `` he was able to raise the country and to win the war and therefore his methods can be justified '' . 
  however , i do n't think there is any justification for his crimes . 
  atheist from russia . 
  but the soviet union was the result of the second revolution . 
  it 's actually quite interesting what would have happened if the russian republic had stayed instead of the soviet union . 
  yekaterina dobryakova , who is mentioned in the article as the designer wanting to produce anti-turkish t-shirts , later said in her facebook that she had never planned to make these t-shirts and that was sarcasm . 
  she actually thinks it 's not funny at all that we do n't have our own textile industry and predicts that soon we wo n't be able to do sewing because of that . 
  the concept of fusion is quite simple . 
  but the confinement is not . 
  i do n't ever want to remember anything about staff like pfirsch-schl\u00fcter diffusion , galeev-sagdeev diffusion , neo-classical banana diffusion ( yes , it 's really called ` banana ' ) ... 
  for russia : * new year . 
  the day is widely celebrated . 
  we have ~ 10 day holidays starting on january , 1st . 
  these holidays include christmas which is on january , 7th in russia . 
  it 's probably typical to have a dinner at new year midnight and watch putin 's speech , but i hate it . 
  then there are usually a lot of fireworks and drunk people . 
  * victory day on may , 9th . 
  probably is even more massive than the new year . 
  we have military parades on red square and in other cities , fireworks and a lot of old movies about the war on the tv . 
  it is common to visit the veterans of the war and congratulate them , but unfortunately not very many of them are still alive . 
  * the international women 's day on march , 8 . 
  men give gifts to women on that day . 
  * defender of the fatherland day on february , 23 . 
  for some reason it 's considered to be men 's day and women give gifts to men . 
  i happen to disagree because , first , there are quite a lot of women serving in military forces , and second , not every man is related to military forces . 
  * international workers ' day on may , 1st . 
  ca n't say much about it , people usually use this holiday to visit their dachas . 
  there 's also usually some sort of a march on this day . 
  other than that there are official holidays like unity day ( november , 4 ) commemorating popular uprising against the polish occupation in 1612 ( by the way , i 'm from nizhny novgorod where this uprising started ) with marches and demonstrations , and russia day ( june , 12 ) commemorating the independence of russia in 1990 . 
  of course there are also major religious ( most notable christian and muslim ) holidays like easter or kurban bairam which are celebrated by religious people . 
  yes , mostly . 
  the tetris theme song . 
  it 's widespread here in russia , signs asking not to flush paper are commonly seen ( i 'm talking about a 1m + city ) . 
  i actually do n't know if it is just a stupid habit or our sewerage system really ca n't handle paper . 
  looks like this document was filled in by an incompetent or inattentive person . 
   citizenship : peasant . 
   place of death : peasant . 
  cause of death : ukrainian . 
  double repetition . 
  and `` place of death : peasant '' makes absolutely no sense . 
   most cars sold in russia are made there by ` made ' do you mean they are assembled in russia ? 
  because lada has much less than 50 % of the market , other cars are of foreign brands . 
  we shall see what is left at the end of his rule . 
  free proxy servers are usually really slow for video content . 
  and domains in . com can be banned as well ( as far as i know , twitter has only . com domain ) . 
  twitter actually complies with requests from our authorities . 
  youtube also does that , for example . 
  by our law either they restrict the access from russia to the pages our authorities tell them , or our authorities ban the access to the whole site for russians . 
  it should also be noted that they clearly have n't banned the official twitter of charlie hebdo because their last tweet was on january , 7 . 
  i do n't actually know which one they have banned . 
  putin has created a political system which , in my opinion , probably ca n't be changed without a revolution anymore . 
  then , he 's already rather old ( 63 ) , so it 's possible that his retirement is not in the very distant future . 
  who knows what might happen when the system built around a single person has to change . 
  and russian economy is also not in a very good shape . 
  i do n't know about ' 5-10 years ' and ` dissolution ' , but i suppose that a deep political crisis is imminent in the next few decades . 
  as far as i understand , it will probably become the worst airplane crash of 2015 so far by the number of casualties ... that 's horrible . 
   new law to force universities to submit their findings to government security services as far as i know , this law is n't new ( contrary to what nature says the last changes to the law were made by putin in 2006 , not 2015 ) . 
  i somewhat represent the russian science ( i 'm a phd student ) and , afaik , in my institution it has always been necessary to get a permission to publish a paper , though this permission has always been just a formality . 
  if this law is not abused , it actually does n't seem crazy . 
  after all , the research institutions are funded by the government and therefore some of the research may contain confidential information . 
  i 'm quite sure people working in the us 's national labs ca n't publish whatever they want , though i do n't know the exact laws and agreements regulating this . 
  however , i 'm afraid this law might and will be abused in russia . 
  for example , if they force everyone to translate their papers to russian before the publication ( like in one of the institutions nature wrote about ) , it would be completely insane . 
  there are certain similarities between stalin and putin , but i think these similarities are mostly caused by the fact they both are dictators . 
  there are also differences like the attitude to religions . 
  and it 's still way better than at the time of stalin despite the fact it is quickly getting worse . 
  it 's in english , which means that most russians do n't ( or even ca n't ) read it . 
  for example , novaya gazeta is much more relevant as an opposition newspaper inside russia . 
  while it may be debatable if lenin deserves to have monuments of him , there are literally thousands of his monuments left in the ex-ussr and they do n't have much artistic merit . 
  i do n't think any person deserves to have that many monuments . 
  it 's nothing but a cult of personality . 
  god , this samsung ad is humongous !, 
  you cut your expenses and save . 
  it sucks , but is manageable . 
  i guess it 's much easier to get by in latvia then in russia , though . 
  riga was the first foreign city i visited . 
  and i liked it , though i 've been there just for half a day . 
  i hope i 'll have a chance to visit it again for a longer period of time . 
  however , i suspect it is hard to find a position in plasma physics in latvia . 
  stop the earth , i 'm getting off . 
  and east of russia .
