  in my experience , women in general care less about sexual orientation , which might explain this . 
  women are also usually more intimate with each other , with random hugs , kisses , hand-holding , which are not viewed as lesbian . 
  men are probably subconsciously afraid of losing `` masculinity '' , which results in openly expressing homophobic views more frequent . 
  as far as i know , stateless people in estonia have visa-free entrance to both russia and the eu , while estonians have to get a russian visa . 
  are there any other benefits of being stateless ? 
  i think this message should be allowed as long as it is formulated not in an offensive or hateful way . 
  religious beliefs should be fought with education and reasoning , not with bans . 
  bans just unnecessarily radicalize the people . 
  afaik , women are still not allowed to be priests in the russian orthodox church . 
  i remember some recent stories about seminarists who complained about sexual harassment . 
  grats !, 
  gays are already at the borders !, 
  prepare a combat unit of orthodox priests !, 
  my city , nizhny novgorod , is 1 266 000 . 
  what a chance missed not so long ago !, 
  did n't know it was that close to prague in population . 
  from another [ source ] ( https://www.commonspace.scot/articles/10409/historic-milestone-scottish-parliament-becomes-first-europe-back-lgbt-education ) :  ** curricular inclusion : ** lgbti inclusion in individual subject areas , achieved via approved curriculum mapping guidance as well as mandated lgbti inclusive relationships , sexual health and parenthood ( rshp ) education . 
  such materials should be accessible for all schools , with a clear requirement of uptake . 
  i do n't understand what `` inclusion in individual subject areas '' can mean , though . 
  i have a hard time thinking of an example . 
  wow , that was dramatic . 
  seems like norwegian skiers are good at spectacular falls . 
  another [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vxq_0kesek ) . 
  it completely changed the ideology of the state , removed private property and market economy , massively hindered the plurality of thought , removed religion , introduced a cult of science which was crucial for soviet scientific achievements , heavily industrialized and urbanized the country . 
  it began the destruction of the class system , gave equal rights to women . 
  of course , the ussr after the revolution was a really harsh place to live , and the soviets did n't actually care about the number of fatalities to achieve the changes . 
  but if you take the ussr after stalin 's rule , the government actually cared about the majority of its population . 
  of course , being not like others was massively discouraged , but if you were completely loyal to your government ( and also russian ) , you were far from being a serf . 
  free education ( still better than the current one ) , free medicine ( still better than the current one ) , pensions , social guarantees , guaranteed employment made life easier than during the 90s , for example . 
  you had all the possibilities to achieve anything being even from a poor family , the thing almost unimaginable in the russian empire . 
  that is the reason why many russians who were born in the ussr would like to return to it . 
  i remember four revolutions in the 20th century . 
  1905 ( partially successful ) , february 1917 , october 1917 , 1991 . 
  thinking that the difference between the tsarist russia and the socialist ussr is small is also a little bit ridiculous . 
  holy cow ... 
  he probably made a right decision . 
  i still think he went overboard with his post . 
  serious . 
  i would n't be against marriage between neanderthals and homo sapiens if the former ones were n't extinct . 
  if any other species somehow evolves into being intelligent enough to be equal in a relationship with humans , i do n't see any problem . 
  i mean there are people who would like to be in the ussr . 
   i 'm quite concerned about this idea of `` human rights '' everyone seems to be on board with ( fair warning , i think it 's the most undemocratic idea ever ) . 
  like , what if country a decide that x is a human right , while country b decide that non-x is ; what is the human right , x or non-x ? 
  the best thing we have to settle this is the un . 
  general things are covered by the international bill of human rights . 
  less general things may vary between countries , e.g. 
  firearms possession in the us and the eu . 
  `` human rights '' is a concept created by humans , it is subjective by its very nature , and it most likely will be modified many times in the future . 
  it 's a part of an everlasting battle between different ideas and ideals . 
  however , i do not agree that this concept is undemocratic . 
  it 's true that it sets certain limits on democracy , but it endorses democracy as the preferred form of the government . 
  the idea of authoritarianism is ought to be more undemocratic . 
  i do n't think there 's a certain answer to this question . 
  modern democracies have a separation of powers , which should limit the amount of power any politician or a political group can have . 
  but if someone like this really gets into power , who can realistically stop them from enacting their policies ? 
  the population , perhaps , * if * they disagree . 
  i also think that , if a country happens to take such a political course , the policies aimed at violating human rights should be condemned by other countries and likely lead to sanctions . 
  unfortunately , this is far from being true . 
  liberal democracy is a system that should give equal rights to everyone including those who do n't share the values of the liberal democracy , as long as they abide the law . 
  so such countries often happen to be good places to live . 
  most developed countries are liberal democracies . 
  we 're gon na be late to the party . 
  if they find an animal which is legally capable and able to give a consent , sure . 
  so far the only known animal fitting the criterion is human . 
  it 's important in a symbolic way . 
  some homosexual people want to have exactly the same things and not to feel like second-class citizens in any way , even if the only difference is in terminology . 
  there are different kinds of democracies . 
  technically , if the majority votes to eliminate all non-believers/jews/black people/gays/left-handed / whatever , it can also be considered a democracy . 
  in a liberal democracy , human rights have the greatest value and the minorities are protected from tyranny of the majority . 
  good for them . 
  i hope it stays this way . 
  it 's generally better to focus on understanding of the subject rather than performing well in tests . 
  our system has recently been focused on passing the afterschool state exams , and the outcome ( at least in the maths area ) is actually terrifying . 
  oh , i definitely saw this one , forgot about it . 
  i did n't know there was a cartoon . 
  this was one of the favorite books of my childhood . 
  i remember the movies and a sega game . 
  it 's a shame this is becoming a global trend . 
  the future of the internet seems rather grim . 
  maybe spain is more urbanized , so there are dots of very densely populated areas corresponding to large cities , while the rural areas of the country are less populated . 
  well , this parade was during 2010 , we had different relations with the us at that time . 
  this would be impossible right now . 
  i 'm a bit surprised by the percentage of non-religious people . 
  i would expect more christians . 
  it 's part of russia according to the russian google , part of ukraine according to the ukrainian google , and a disputed territory in other versions of google maps , including the main one . 
  i do n't know , the photo itself seems quite harmless . 
  there might be some other context i 'm not aware of , but they do n't point weapons at the russian territory and do n't show disrespect towards russia in any other way . 
  this view from narva is genuinely nice , so i can certainly imagine them just wanting to take a group photo . 
  not sure why it is posted now as the video is almost one year old . 
  the actions of the people in the video are truly despicable . 
  the memorial still stands , by the way , despite their efforts . 
  he has an 8th dan , while black belts start from the 1st dan ( 8th is better ) . 
  not that he is one of the best in russia , it 's mostly a political achievement . 
  fun fact , poroshenko was also a candidate master of sports in judo . 
   he is not by any means a real threat to the government judging by the amount of resources thrown against him , the government might think otherwise . 
  he has something like a dozen of cases against him ; his brother is in prison ; the office of fbk and apartments of his colleagues are raided by the police once in while ; his party is rejected from being registered ; judging by the content of propaganda films devoted entirely to him ( ! ), 
  on state-run channels , he is being videotaped everywhere he goes ( even in karelia ) ; once he started the campaign with donations via yandex.money , yandex introduced a new rule prohibiting donations for a political campaign and closed his account . 
  there is no opposition in the russian duma . 
  just look at those unanimous votes on every important issue . 
  currently , navalny is undoubtedly the main opposition figure .
