  the one i use is not . 
  speed limit on highways is 110 km/h . 
  it 's very hard to evaluate contributions from different historical eras . 
  but greece is definitely one of the most influential countries in the history of sciences and philosophy . 
  i would also regard plato as the single most important individual in human history . 
  in russia , poles are often used , but they are usually concrete , while the american ones are wooden . 
  they are just different probably . 
  the [ vienna convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna_convention_on_road_signs_and_signals ) makes seeing different signs a rare occasion while traveling abroad . 
  even countries which have n't signed this convention often have very similar signs ( e.g. , china or japan ) . 
  i do n't mean the relative duration of red lights . 
  let me try to explain . 
  let me assume we have 20 seconds for pedestrians and 50 or whatever seconds for cars . 
  what i expect in russia : 1 . 
  traffic lights for pedestrians turn green ; for cars , red . 
  after 20 seconds , traffic lights for pedestrians and cars turn red and green , respectively , almost at the same time . 
  what i 've noticed in the us : 1 . 
  traffic lights for pedestrians turn white , for cars red . 
  after less than 10 seconds , traffic lights for pedestrians turn red , when i have n't even finished crossing the road . 
  traffic lights for cars remain red . 
  finally , after 20 seconds from point 1 , traffic lights for cars turn green . 
  what surprises me is a relatively long period between 2 and 3 when all lights are red , and you ca n't start crossing the road even if cars do n't move . 
  i guess it is done so that when the lights become green for cars , there are already no pedestrians on the road . 
  in russia , cars usually have to patiently wait for all pedestrians who have started crossing the road for some time after the green signal . 
   you can get onto the tube/overground train/buses contactless using your card you 've made me curious to find out where it is possible in russia , and , holy shit , there is actually contactless payment in the tube in my own city of nizhny novgorod !, 
  and i 'm still using metal tokens like an old geezer ... 
  i guess i 'll go try it this week . 
   here pedestrian 's traffic lights blink in green after a certain period of time , essentially indicating the end of the green phase to pedestrians , but you are still allowed to start crossing the street afaik . 
  same here , usually 3 seconds before the end . 
  american showers with only one valve can be not that obvious . 
  initially the valve increases the flow ; at maximum flow , it changes the temperature . 
  i 've also been surprised that the pedestrian traffic lights in the us allow one to start crossing the road only for a very short period of time , then all lights are red , and pedestrians are only supposed to finish crossing . 
  in russia and other parts of europe ( as far as i know ) , they are green for the entire time the traffic lights for cars are red . 
  i 've just found out that we have such a regulation . 
  the maximum weight of books and writing accessories is limited : 1.5 kg for 1-2 grades , 2 kg for 3-4 grades , 2.5 kg for 5-6 grades , 3.5 kg for 7-8 grades , 4 kg for 9-11 grades . 
  i 'm not sure if it is followed though . 
  when i went to school ( it was prior to this regulation ) , my backpack definitely weighted more . 
  i would say no . 
  despite having many views very different from those common in russia , i usually talk to people who are capable of being civil even if we are having a heated argument . 
  well , i 've been named `` antichrist '' by my grandmother , if this counts . 
  usually , i go to a supermarket once a week while driving from work or on saturday . 
  everyday things like bread , some vegetables , fruit are bought at a local shop 1 minute away from my home either by me or by my mother . 
  i 've always found '' \u0413\u0443\u0441\u044c-\u0425\u0440\u0443\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0439 '' ( `` gus-khrustalny '' , literally `` goose-crystal '' or `` crystal goose '' ) a weird name for a town . 
  in helsinki , due to family reasons . 
  helsinki is not to blame . 
  i would like to go there again someday . 
  i generally like studying , i 've been studying for 18 years already ( i 'm a phd student now ) . 
  i enjoyed 1-9 grades . 
  10-11 were boring because of all the preparation for state exams instead of learning new things . 
  and i hate tests . 
  4 decks ( [ pic ] ( https://vodohod.com/cruises/vodohod/nnovgorod/nnovgorod-photo-motorship-1.jpg ) ) . 
  lying in a bed on a boat from moscow to st. petersburg . 
  until we are able to use thermonuclear power , this is one of the most clean and efficient power sources , way better than burning fossils . 
  it 's somewhat popular among young people ( the biggest bike ride in nn has  1000 participants every year , [ a short video from 2017 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkcnxys_-uc ) ) , but the majority of people do n't really care about the infrastructure . 
  i ca n't say many people think that bikes are just for kids , bikes are just thought of as means of recreation rather than transportation . 
  plenty of my friends ( as well as me ) have a bike . 
  weather is a major reason why many people think that bikes are not fit for our city . 
  weather in nn is similar to ottawa , we usually have snow for 5 months . 
  but i think that the biggest obstacle for commuting by bike is the amount of slopes in nn . 
  not very common in my city ( nizhny novgorod ) . 
  there is zero infrastructure for cyclists . 
  it 's just very uncomfortable riding among cars . 
  i can not remember ever seeing a bike lane in nizhny novgorod . 
  however , some of my friends actually do commute by bikes , but they 're enthusiasts . 
  yes . 
  usually , employers just find a way to force employees to write a notice of resignation . 
  i know that it exists in russia since last year , that it is expensive and has little content in russian . 
  have n't tried it myself and have never seen anyone using it . 
  bad luck in russia . 
  i 've only once met a foreign tourist in nizhny novgorod . 
  but there are many tourists in moscow and st. petersburg . 
  sleeping . 
  2500-2700 probably . 
  i typically spend around 300 eur if i do n't have anything extra to buy . 
  very common in russia . 
  many people have dachas and spend summer weekends there . 
  probably . 
  but i 'm in academia , i would say it 's closer to 50/50 here . 
  i try to avoid anything related to politics when talking to people of severely different political views . 
  if they do the same , we can interact just fine . 
  however , i do n't think i can possibly become close friends with someone who supports putin , for example . 
  it 's rare . 
  whenever i tell someone i do n't drink , they always assume that the reason is driving . 
  my scientific advisor once told me that i should quit not drinking . 
  unfortunately , very negatively . 
  it is difficult to change sex in documents , people usually have to do this via court , as registry offices often decline to change documents based on a medical certificate alone . 
  considering difficulties adults face , child transitioning is probably impossible . 
  i have three cats , mongrels . 
  all of my previous and current pets have been taken from the street . 
  my own city , nizhny novgorod . 
  this city wants you to suffer . 
  or maybe [ dzerzhinsk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dzerzhinsk,_russia ) , it really sucks . 
  however , i have n't been to many provincial cities in russia , i 'm sure the likes of omsk could easily change my opinion . 
  some pirate sites including our biggest torrent tracker , rutracker , are banned . 
  recently , its announcer servers have also been banned . 
  it still does n't affect the popularity of rutracker that much , it 's pretty much alive . 
  with outlets that look suspiciously breakable , i do . 
  i live in an apartment is a 2-floor 8-apartment house . 
  it 's about 60 years old . 
  i 'm ~ 20 km from my job , which irritates me . 
  i do n't have a contact .
