  * ** finland ** -- 1 night in helsinki . 
  i intended to stay longer , but my grandmother suddenly died , so i had to leave immediately . 
  i would be proud of my disguise skills . 
  i think mandatory service is outdated . 
  modern army should consist of professionals . 
  it also feels like a type of slavery , because for this period of time even your body does n't belong to you . 
  all foreign companies selling multimedia content in russia are now obliged to pay 18 % vat to our state . 
  google already increased prices , others ( like steam , itunes , etc ) are likely to follow , which really sucks . 
  all imported cars now have to be equipped with era glonass which is an emergency response system based on glonass ( similar to ecall in europe ) . 
  i do n't how it will affect us . 
  i guess it is very bad for our far east , as everyone there buys used right-hand-drive cars from japan which are unlikely to have this system . 
  a lot of controversial changes to compulsory third party insurance for car drivers , which i wo n't talk about because it 's boring . 
   do not start a conversation with an estonian in russian is it really that rude ? 
  when i was in tallinn ( and also in riga ) , i always started a conversation with a question `` do you speak russian ? 
  '' , because i estimated that a chance of someone being fluent in russian is bigger that that of english . 
  when i did n't get a positive answer or was ignored , i immediately switched to english , but i never thought that it might be somehow considered rude . 
  i respect the historic influence of religions and i respect religious people . 
  however , i do not really like abrahamic religions for their conservative stance on lgbt , gender equality , abortions , etc. 
  i do n't know , actually . 
  a poor country , but remarkably clean and with good roads compared to russia . 
  lukashenko is one of a few friends of the modern russia , but he definitely wants to have good relations with ukraine and the eu countries , so his foreign policy is much nicer . 
  i 've been to kazan four times and i 'm surprised with its development . 
  it 's probably related to more autonomy and a lot of money spent on universiade , but i 'm still rather envious , considering my city has been very depressing lately . 
  people of nizhny novgorod used to think of their city as `` the third capital '' , but kazan definitely takes this spot now . 
  i do n't know that much about tatars . 
  however , i think they are a good example that islam can be peaceful and a part of the society . 
  physics . 
  i 'm even going for a phd now . 
  we already have too much snow right now . 
  i 'm so glad my car is 4x4 and has increased ground clearance . 
  walking is also not pleasant . 
  and we still have 3 months of winter left . 
  imagine how futuristic it was in 980 !, 
  i really like [ the ukrainian one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_ukraine#/media/file:lesser_coat_of_arms_of_ukraine.svg ) . 
  it 's simple , yet charming . 
  it 's based on the seal used by vladimir the great . 
  probably my pc . 
  i 'm very far away from borders and my family used to be very poor . 
  the first time i was abroad was in 2014 . 
  i 've been abroad for a total of 4 times , only 2 of which for leisure ( i 'm a physicist , so i 'm sent to international conferences sometimes ) . 
  i hope to travel at least once a year in the future . 
  russia is usually considered a developing country , if we talk about economy . 
  \u0427\u0435\u0445\u0438\u044f ( chekhiya ) in russian . 
  the short english name is very close , so i have switched to using it instead of the long one . 
  it 's not that usual to have -25 , e.g. 
  the forecast for tomorrow is -4 . 
  by the way , -10 in tallinn feels cooler than -10 here with your wind and your humidity . 
  with snow everywhere it 's not that bad . 
  today is too cold , though , -25 . 
  i was born in a different country than my parents and grandparents . 
  my views are very different from theirs , i 'm an atheist and an anti-clerical ( for which i 've been called antichrist by my grandmother several times ) , also a liberal . 
  our political views do n't go together at all . 
  as i do n't align myself with any ethnic group , i ca n't really answer the first one . 
  i would see them as foreigners . 
  however , i would give them bonus points if they knew at least a little bit of my language . 
  the answer to the second one is yes , i would view them as countrymen by definition . 
  i 'm not a big sports fan , but i 'm fairly sure it 's hockey by a significant margin . 
  i suspect this answer is the same for most of europe . 
  fly , lenovo and apple are somewhere behind . 
  `` is russia big ? '', 
  really , i 'm serious . 
  it was a person from india . 
  some are less arbitrary than the other . 
  the less constant values you use to define your system of units , the more natural your system of units is . 
  e.g. , we can set the speed of light to 1 and make units of mass , energy , momentum the same , as well as units of time and length . 
  in this sense , si is less arbitrary that the imperial system , because a lot of units are derived from other units by multiplication . 
  kelvin is less arbitrary than celsius , because it needs only one constant to be defined . 
  litre is not a si unit , also it 's not equal to m ^ 3 , but to dm ^ 3 . 
  cal is also not a si unit , the si unit for energy is joule . 
  edit : also , water density is no longer used in the definition of the gram , so water having density 1 g/cm ^ 3 is not relevant in si . 
  kelvin is related to celsius , so i also do n't really like it . 
  measuring temperature in energy units ( ergs or ev ) is more natural , it makes boltzmann constant equal to 1 . 
  because water freezes at 0 and boils at 100 only under the normal atmospheric pressure on earth , this scale is artificial . 
  it 's convenient because we happen to live here , but it makes no sense on other planets and it will make no sense once we leave our planet . 
  meanwhile , the absolute zero is universal . 
  kelvin or ev . 
  having zero at the absolute zero is the most logical decision . 
  however , logical does n't mean convenient for everyday use . 
  i prefer celsius just because i 'm used to it . 
  i 've learned only russian and english . 
  i 'm more dedicated to improve my skills in english ( as they are obviously lacking , especially speaking ) than to start learning another language . 
  i can also reasonably understand ukrainian after listening to it a lot , but i ca n't speak it . 
  most schools offer one foreign language ( mostly english , but sometimes german or french ) . 
  schools specializing in humanities usually offer more , but mine specializes in physics and maths . 
  yes , you 're right , '' \u043e\u043c\u0431\u0443\u0434\u0441\u043c\u0435\u043d '' it is . 
  i always read `` ombudsman '' as `` obmudsman '' , which can be understood in russian as `` a man who fucked up '' . 
   `` sontikka '' ( umbrella ) very interesting if it actually a loanword from russian . 
  because russian `` zontik '' comes from dutch `` zonnedek '' . 
  not obvious ones : `` mammoth '' , possibly `` bistro '' . 
  of course there are a lot of obvious ones like vodka , babushka , balalaika , etc. 
  new year is the main winter holiday in russia because it comes earlier , no huge celebrations on christmas here . 
  nonetheless , i do n't see any issue in participating in any holidays if you want , you do n't have to be religious to do that . 
  in russia , we call roller coasters `` american mountains '' . 
  as far as i know , most tourists go for a sea . 
  so it 's turkey , egypt , thailand , india ( goa ) . 
  first two destinations have been hit very hard in the recent years . 
  prague . 
  i really like the architecture there , it 's so nice to walk around . 
  a sea border in the bering strait . 
  you can actually see american land from russia ( and even walk from russia to the us in winter ) on the diomede islands .
