  i also hate mistakes in localization , and it 's very difficult to make good localization in russian with its genders , cases , conjugation , etc. 
  i prefer to play in english if the game is not originally in russian . 
  english voice actors are usually better . 
  it also helps to improve my skills in english . 
  much worse than in every other country i 've been to . 
  nizhny novgorod , where i live , is also significantly worse than moscow and st. petersburg . 
   manual is for the three-legged people . 
  automatic is for one-legged then , as the left leg is not used . 
  i never drove automatic more than for 10 minutes , but i would definitely prefer it in our traffic jams . 
  it 's quite hard to know about him if you are not into hearthstone . 
  there are probably more reasons for smaller countries . 
  but russia is a fairly big one , and you can have almost everything you want in the russian language . 
  all movies and tv series are dubbed , games and other software are usually translated into russian , there are plenty of news outlets in russian , we have our own social network , etc. 
  72 % of russians do n't even have a foreign passport , at least those people have never been abroad . 
  similar things happen in china and , as far as i understand , in the us . 
  afaik , many people never leave the us and are not very knowledgeable even about europe . 
  they know only english , they are just more lucky than russians or chinese with english being the most widely used language . 
  english is usually taught at school , but without practice it is quickly forgotten . 
  for many , there is no reason to use english in their life at all . 
  in my experience , most younger people can say simple phrases in english but would struggle with a conversation because they ca n't understand foreign accents and ca n't compose sentences quickly enough . 
  it is better for people who travel a lot or for people of some professions where english is needed ( like most of the it sphere ) . 
  the situation is also improving with time , but i 'm still very disappointed with the level of english among young people . 
  this disappointment is somewhat personal , because i 'm a phd student in physics , and if you want a career in physics you are obliged to be able to read literature , write articles and give full talks in english . 
  still , some of phd students here are at level `` i 'm ivan , i 'm from russia . 
  the london is the capital of great britain '' . 
  hearing most russian scientists at conferences is still a painful experience . 
  i do n't know . 
  my answer would be : a language barrier . 
  the russian community is pretty well separated from the rest of the world even on the internet . 
  the older generations still use only predominantly state-controlled tv as a source . 
  regarding russian expats . 
  i think this happens because emigration is stressful , and people try to find support in something familiar , so they turn to their country . 
  in the case of children of emigrants , they probably do n't know their country of origin that well but take pride in it nonetheless . 
  i wonder how many of them would actually return to russia . 
  it 's very convenient to praise russia while having all of the advantages of a more developed country . 
  trump is a popular american hearthstone streamer . 
   does reszka have any other meaning in russian ? 
  no , just the back side of a coin . 
  yes . 
  the us is a home to a lot of great people ; its cultural , scientific , technological influence is undeniable . 
  also , despite all controversy around the us , i still feel that it is a better alternative to china or russia on a global scale . 
  i do n't watch russian media as i still value my sanity , but yes , it is well-known that hillary has more popular votes and that there are a lot of protests against trump . 
  however , we have to live with the fact that he is a president . 
  i personally hope that the congress will be able to preserve some balance . 
  definitely not, 
  studded tyres are superior on ice , but they are prohibited in many countries . 
  first generation suzuki sx4 with 4-wheel drive . 
  this , as well as increased clearance , is really handy in winter , as roads are not always cleared in nizhny novgorod due to low budget . 
  i have studded winter tyres . 
  some people are fine with non-studded winter tyres though . 
  i personally do n't really care . 
  most of my ancestors likely were peasants in different parts of russia , but it 's almost impossible to track down the genealogy tree further than my great-grandparents . 
  yes , he is canonized . 
  i do n't remember varangian guards being mentioned in history lessons , i also do n't remember hearing about them elsewhere . 
  but this might be a deficiency of my education . 
  that it 's very cold and there is snow everywhere . 
  comes mostly not from europeans . 
  it 's simple , recognizable , fairly old , and does n't have ugly colors . 
  i like it . 
  by the way , it 's most probably based on the netherlands ' flag . 
  i think the estonian flag has the best combination of colors in europe . 
  would be even cooler as a nordic cross though . 
  not very common . 
  in rare cases when someone has a voicemail , i just hang up whenever i hear `` please leave your message '' . 
  the only thing that matters for me is the cost . 
  however , i have little choice . 
  if i want to fly from nizhny novgorod , aeroflot ( which is a russian flag carrier ) is the only option in most cases since the 2014 crisis . 
  i 've also had only 15 flights in my entire life to have any meaningful statistics . 
  kievan rus ' did n't participate in crusades . 
  i 'm not sure if it counts as a crusade , but livonian campaign against rus ' is well-known here , with [ battle on the ice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_on_the_ice ) being a very memorable historic event . 
  there is a legend , that ice could n't endure heavy livonian knights , and they drowned in the lake . 
  as far as i know , it is historically inaccurate , but it 's still a very cool image for art , literature and cinema . 
  alexander nevsky 's name is honored in the names of streets , squares , state awards , etc. 
  according to [ statistics ] ( http://zags.mos.ru/stat/imena/imena_devochek.php ) , mariya was the 2nd most popular girl name in moscow in 2015 . 
  so it 's a very popular first name . 
  there are no implications . 
  we do n't have compound names , and only girls are named `` mariya '' . 
  watching e-sports streams in english helped me improve my listening comprehension a lot . 
  the elder scrolls series is surprisingly good for vocabulary . 
  everywhere around me / s speaking of the state , i see russia as a country with bad domestic policy and outstandingly terrible foreign policy . 
  it has potential ( lots of natural resources , educated people ) to become one of the most developed and influential countries on earth ; instead it dwells on its ( mostly historical ) `` greatness '' , while its major source of influence is military capabilities , which is not what i would like to see in the 21st century . 
   the country that borders it or your nearest neighbouring country that would be kazakhstan , which is currently ~ 700 km from my city , and i doubt its ability to manage something that far away from their current borders . 
  i would probably move to moscow . 
  between 1 and 2 , probably even closer to 1 . 
  there are languages of minorities , they should give something like 0.1 languages on average . 
  foreign languages are not widely used . 
  i think that much less than a half of the population can use a foreign language for verbal communication , though it 's definitely much better in large cities and among the younger generation . 
  car . 
  i sometimes switch to train + metro +3 km walk , but i do n't like walking in winter because of cold weather and sidewalks covered in ice and snow . 
  other means of transportation ( like bus ) completely suck in nizhny novgorod . 
  personally , i happen to care about relations . 
  i would like to see russia respected and praised for its achievements , not feared and despised . 
  i also have a feeling that its current direction will lead to eventual demise of russia , like it happened to the ussr . 
  i mean the opposite , i would never vote for anyone who supported the annexation . 
  in my opinion , this decision was really detrimental to russia . 
  crimea . 
  though this significantly narrows my choice . 
   is n't anybody in that country bothered by this in the least ? 
   i refuse to believe that in a country that big there is no opposition , there are no youth movements , no intellectual elite to try to help the people see the light . 
  no one to fight the propaganda .
