  on the page you 're linking to , spelling '' \u041a\u044b\u0435\u0432\u044a '' is taken from the tolstovsky list of this chronicle , which was written in the 18th century , you should have checked it . 
  footnotes 1 and 3 , showing spelling '' \u043a\u0438\u0435\u0432\u044a '' and '' \u043a\u0438\u0438 '' , are from the academic list of the chronicle dating back to the 15th century . 
  however , other pages show that '' \u044b '' was also sometimes used in the 15th century copies . 
  the point is that spellings with `` i '' and with `` y '' are more old than the russian and ukrainian languages themselves . 
   second fact . 
  modern russia is not a successor of that trading viking state of kyiv , but of a mongol empire , that destroyed it . 
  the whole ideology of russian eurasianism is built around this idea . 
  nice calling some crackpottery a fact . 
  while there definitely is influence from the mongols , russian culture and russians as an ethnic group are slavic . 
  the whole ideology of russian eurasianism appeared just 100 years ago and is purely political . 
   but tradition can change when it happens , then the language norm will be kyiv . 
  until then , it 's somewhat strange to tell others how to properly speak in their language . 
  i do n't know about the `` imperial version '' , but the oldest written source i know ( the laurentian codex of the 14th century ) spells it as '' \u041a\u0438\u0454\u0432\u044a '' ( kiev ) . 
  i do n't know when this spelling appeared in english , but i would n't be surprised if it happened even before the difference between russian and ukrainian spellings appeared . 
   why is belarus considered a dictatorship , while russia is not ? 
  is it not ? 
  i think belarus is more easily considered a dictatorship because lukashenko has been the president for almost 23 consecutive years already . 
  in russia , putin at least tries to comply with formalities and switches positions with medvedev . 
  not anymore . 
  symbols can change their meaning . 
  sorry for using an abbreviation . 
   why did not they incorporate jetbrains there if it is so good ? 
  if you are in your right mind and you have a chance not to register your it business in russia , you 'd better use this chance . 
  it 's the main rule of doing it business in russia , you do as much as you can outside russia . 
   well i am sure that there are lot of indian developers in google , microsoft but does it mean that google and microsoft are indian companies now ? 
  their products are mostly international . 
  the scale of these companies is enormous . 
  the companies i talked about are usually much smaller . 
   but determining company 's `` home country '' using developer 's nationality is very odd , to begin with . 
  i do n't care about companies , i care about actual software and who creates it . 
   and that 's why it ca n't flourish there business conditions are not like in the us , but not dprk-like either . 
  you can do it business in russia if you 're careful enough , russia is a large market . 
  and there are a lot of really good programmers here as well . 
   the original claim in this argument was `` russian it is easily better than any european country , except maybe uk . '', 
  i never supported this claim . 
  i 'm not competent enough to make such bold claims , as i do not know much about european it business . 
   also , is google a russian company ? 
  ( hint : sergey brin ) sergey brin was brought to the us at the age of 6 and since then never was a russian citizen , so google is not related to russia that much . 
  there are developers offices there , however . 
  you continue to mention where the companies are registered . 
  it is completely irrelevant , the important thing is where the developers are . 
  hell , even yandex is a dutch company . 
  many people in their right mind would n't register it business in russia . 
   jetbrains is incorporated in czechia all three co-founders are russian citizens who frequently stay in stp . 
  the main development office is in stp . 
  it has foreign developers and foreign offices , but it 's mostly russian . 
   coub is incorporated in cyprus it 's registered in cyprus . 
  in was founded by a russian citizen and resident , the servers and the main office are in moscow . 
   since using this logic i could say that skype is estonian since it 's currently being developed by microsoft , it 's not estonian anymore . 
  but it 's originally estonian . 
  unlike this one , my examples are currently being developed , in major part , by russian developers . 
   i never saw anybody using it ( i know its popular in russia but it looks like that it failed to market it outside of russia ) . 
  yandex has always targeted only the cis audience , so it 's no surprise they are not present in europe . 
  it 's fairly popular in several other ex-soviet states . 
  but it 's one of only few companies in the world which were able to successfully confront google at a local market . 
   i assume rkn means the russian internet censor ? 
  yes , rkn is roskomnadzor . 
   let 's face it - when github gets banned ( even temporary ) , linkedin with ( potential ) business contacts is banned , and there is trend to even more bans and probably russia-only version of internet , you are not going to outsource or export much software , right ? 
  i agree that actions by our government are completely detrimental to the it business here . 
  i agree that it should n't have been banned , fuck rkn . 
  but i do n't see how the existence of rkn can be used as an argument against russian it industry . 
  i do think that rkn is detrimental to this industry , but it has n't damaged it that much yet . 
  i will not compare russian it industry to the european one as i do n't know much about the european it industry , but russian it is definitely rather developed . 
  much of it is in outsourcing , but there are several prominent russian products . 
  to my knowledge , vk is the * only * social network in the world which was able to stand against facebook and win in fair market competition . 
  yandex slowly starts to lose to google ( mostly due to android ) , but they still are on par with them on the search engine market . 
  coub is a russian site . 
  some games knows worldwide have been developed in russia , like homm 5 or new versions of king 's bounty . 
  jetbrains ( partly russian ) makes one of the best ides worldwide . 
  the majority of opencv was developed in intel 's office in my city . 
  winrar and 7zip were developed in russia . 
  you 're also wrong about nginx , it was originally created by a russian citizen in russia , and the company nginx inc. was founded by two russian citizens . 
  you 're correct , linkedin is banned . 
  it will be unbanned only if linkedin moves their data to servers in russia . 
  i do n't know if this will ever happen . 
   how quickly the younger generations have changed their opinions after a regime change i think that 's because there already was a solid foundation in europe for that process , and young people have become much more exposed to other european cultures which they consider themselves a part of . 
  e.g. , the country many estonians consider the closest , finland , decriminalized homosexuality in 1971 , and as of 1995 it was already made illegal to discriminate based on it . 
  also , due to the fact the ussr is associated with occupation , going against its former practices is much easier to accept . 
  when i was in my teens , fast and cheap internet access appeared , and i was able to get access to a lot of information about the lgbt community . 
  i 'm completely pro-lgbt now only because i had opportunity to change my views , if i grew up during the soviet times , i most likely would n't be . 
  in the us , for example , there was no regime change , but the process of accepting lgbt rights has taken half a century already , and it still remains a controversial issue . 
  but , if we return to the beginning , homophobia was universal across culture , religion , politics , etc. 
  the vast majority of people considered homosexuality a sin/a deviation , scientific community considered it a mental illness , legislation was used against gays , etc. 
  it was just a normal state of thinking back then . 
  even the difference in acceptance of lgbt among younger and older people is definitely a cultural thing , they grew up in different environments . 
  for a short period of time , it does n't . 
  if it holds power for several generations , it will easily change the culture of people . 
  it seems we have very different understanding of culture . 
  culture in general is everything consciously created by humans . 
  everything above biology is culture . 
  dictatorship as a system is also culture . 
  english monarchy , though not authoritarian anymore , is still a major part of national identity . 
  politics are part of culture , btw . 
  legislation is based on culture , not vice versa . 
  is christianity also politics ? 
  this equality is complete bullshit . 
   black people are free to marry people of the same race , it 's perfectly equal . 
   left handed are free to use their right hand , it 's perfectly equal . 
   homophobia is part of someone 's culture ? 
  it was part of many european cultures up until very recently , homosexual acts were criminalised .
