  i do n't know about other languages , but russian punctuation is similar to british english in this regard : the period goes outside the marks . 
  so i instinctively go with the british punctuation . 
  maybe i should pay more attention to it , as i generally try to follow the american style ( as per the chicago manual of style ) . 
  russian typography traditionally uses `` these ones '' . 
  however , due to keyboards having no proper quotation marks , `` dumb ones '' are obviously very popular . 
  reddit , telegram , vk , twitter , chrome , gmail , wallet , yandex.weather , yandex.maps . 
  never saw anyone vaping . 
  it might be more popular in moscow and stp , but it does n't seem common in nizhny novgorod at all . 
  not really . 
  lenin used to be the one during the soviet times . 
  some of this legacy still remains , there are thousands of statues of lenin , and there are streets , squares , etc named after lenin in almost every city . 
  but after the fall of the soviet union , he is no longer an idol . 
  there are some people with massive historic impact like ivan the terrible , peter the great , catherine the great , lenin , stalin , but none of them can be described as a `` father of the nation '' . 
  tatars have been living in russia for a long time , they are viewed mostly the same as other russian citizens . 
  kazan , the capital of tatarstan , is one of the most developed russian cities . 
  ca n't say anything about albanians and bosniaks . 
  physics ( msc ) . 
  i 'm still a phd student in plasma physics . 
  `` poverty '' is defined as having income below the living wage , which is currently equal to ~ 160 $ . 
  by this definition , every 7th russian is poor . 
  my family used to be rather poor in the 90s , when i was a child . 
  we did n't have money for meat ; chicken and cheese were for holidays ; i wore mostly old clothes gifted by my mother 's friends . 
  it 's probably still something like that . 
  i currently know some poor people , they struggle even with buying food . 
  they ca n't afford quite a lot of products . 
  it 's difficult to me to imagine how to manage living like that . 
  poor people still have free education and free healthcare , and there are some additional benefits like free transportation and free food for their children in schools . 
  by `` get by '' i did n't mean it would be a nice experience , though i thought it would be better than you describe . 
  i could try pretending to be a foreigner someday to check this out , my accent is not that obvious . 
  but outside of such big cities your chances of finding someone capable of speaking would become even slimmer . 
  i played the original dota for a short period of time like 10 years ago . 
  currently , i closely follow the competitive dota 2 and occasionally play with bots , but i ca n't persuade myself to play with real people . 
  i 'm somewhat afraid of it : the community is too toxic , and it also requires high level of concentration for about an hour . 
  rei . 
  in moscow and st.p you probably can get by with english . 
  in other cities it will be hard . 
  almost no signs and information in english , the vast majority of people ca n't speak it . 
  i expect foreigners to speak english . 
  in prague , latvia , and estonia , even russian was often enough . 
  one of russian and english always worked . 
  in vienna , everyone i spoke to knew english . 
  in rome , several people did n't speak english , so i had to learn some basic phrases . 
  it depends on whether or not you 're able to find a laboratory with good grants . 
  currently , i earn way above average for my city , nizhny novgorod . 
  i left it to work as a scientist . 
  some people indeed struggle . 
  wake up at ~ 9 a.m. , briefly look though reddit and twitter , have a breakfast , song a couple of songs , drive 21 km to my job ( i 'm a physicist ) , at 8 p.m. drive back to my home , have a dinner , than watch youtube , anime , browse reddit , etc ; finally , i go to bed at ~ 1 a.m. 
  wow , so much water . 
  tea . 
  if teabags can be considered `` tea '' . 
  not without boiling it first . 
  it is meant to be safe to drink , but i do n't trust our old infrastructure . 
  for a person not speaking russian , she sang very well . 
  the pronunciation was wrong in a few places ( especially in `` chuzhykh objatjakh '' , but this phrase even seems scary when transliterated ) , but it 's obvious she tried to do her best , respect to her . 
  i think her post-nightwish project is also worth listening to . 
  i once went to her concert in my city , she is very impressive live . 
  the male singer , valery kipelov , is a legend of russian heavy metal . 
  he sings from the early 80s . 
  it 's funny that he has almost the same history as tarja . 
  he has become well-known as a singer of a group called `` aria '' , but he has later parted with them , created a solo project , and named it `` kipelov '' after his own name . 
  `` aria '' still exists , but many people think it 's not the same without kipelov . 
  not a big fan of rap , but nonetheless . 
  this [ trailer song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pifzgylw2zy ) for `` the first russian anime '' . 
  the actual anime is complete garbage though . 
  the first thing that came to my mind , [ kipelov and tarja turunen ] ( https://youtu.be/5idwmyjisso?t=38s ) . 
  i love both singers and i love the song in the video , and having tarja singing in russian is so nice . 
  tourists are not very common in nizhny novgorod . 
  the vast majority of tourists come from different regions of russia . 
  i 've met a foreigner once and have been very surprised by that . 
  in summer : sneakers , sandals with socks , sometimes formal shoes . 
  in winter : boots , winter shoes , warm sneakers . 
  personally , i usually wear sneakers ( even in winter ) . 
  if it is hot , i might consider sandals . 
  google and firefox . 
  google 's just better as a search engine than its competitors . 
  however , i 'm becoming increasingly concerned with the amount of information google knows about me . 
  with russia and with europe on a bigger scale . 
  the last time i properly visited it was when i was 7 or 8 , and i do n't remember much . 
  i 've been there several times since then , but every time by chance and for less than a day , so i just randomly walked around for several hours enjoying the city . 
  i should probably visit it again on purpose some day . 
  you wo n't make a mistake if you visit the popular places like hermitage , peterhof , tsarskoye selo , saint isaac 's cathedral , etc. 
  this was also a surprise to me . 
  i know that getting a russian visa is quite a pain in the ass , so i was impressed our authorities managed to do something nice to attract tourists . 
  if you are visiting on a cruise ship or a ferry , you can stay for up to 72 hours without a visa , provided you 're sleeping on the ship and accompanied by a tour guide when you are in the city ( no roaming around , i guess ) . 
  in my opinion , spb is the best tourist destination in russia , it should be worth it . 
  outside of the old city , [ lennusadam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seaplane_harbour ) and the [ tv tower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tallinn_tv_tower ) are great places to visit . 
  tallinn is also surprisingly cold in winter , i was n't prepared for that . 
  also , not entirely tallinn-related , but some people i know recommend taking a baltic cruise on a ferry . 
  it 's rather cheap , and you can visit several baltic cities ( including st. petersburg visa-free ) . 
  you 're fined if you go 20 km/h above the limit . 
  if the limit is 20 , fines start at 40 . 
  i recommend it , it 's really nice . 
  well , i have nothing to compare to , as i 've never driven or been in a passenger seat in foreign countries . 
  in my experience , most drivers are decent , but there 're quite a few assholes who are very visible on the roads . 
  a lot of bad impressions is probably actually caused by the infrastructure ( or the lack of it ) . 
  the speed limit is 60 km/h in cities , which is already quite high ; but then you 're fined only for going above 80 , so everyone drives at ~ 75 km/h . 
  the roads are in terrible condition ( does n't apply to moscow , spb , and some other rich places ) , they do n't have road markings whatsoever ( 8 lanes without markings , hell yes !, 
  ) , snow is barely cleaned , potholes can damage your disks and suspension if you do not pay your attention ( look at [ this nice video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agxwnr05ueo ) from volgograd ; it 's better where i live ) . 
  no [ traffic calming ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/traffic_calming ) techniques are used . 
  and so on .
