  people can be arrested for any real or imaginary reason . 
  the important thing is the violation of which law is used to charge them with . 
  you 've used the word ` technically ' . 
  technically , there 's no law prohibiting holding hands in public . 
  but i wo n't be very surprised by such an arrest , as actions of our police are n't always legal . 
  i 'll probably watch the video later . 
  but i do n't think it will reveal anything completely new to me , as i 'm quite aware of the harsh reality for lgbt here . 
  not really , this law has n't been passed . 
  the current law is about `` gay propaganda among minors '' . 
  it 's somewhat vague , but it hardly can be applied for holding hands in public . 
  one does n't simply drive into these cities . 
  there are checkpoints on entrances . 
  i guess they wanted to use a well-known brand to sell them better . 
  their logan , sandero and duster are very popular in russia , but a lot of people do n't even know that dacia exists . 
  fun fact somewhat contradicting the previous statement : slightly restyled dacia logan mcv is sold under russian lada brand . 
  they are usually closed because of scientific and military research carried out in them . 
  you ca n't see these using google earth . 
  i live close to sarov and i want to visit it someday . 
  it 's still not easy without an invitation . 
  in russia it 's renault , not dacia . 
  i went to tallinn this new year and i really liked it , though the weather was a little bit chill . 
  yes , but it has just been translated into english . 
  russian language does n't use slavic names for months ( remaining in many other slavic languages ) . 
  as far as i understand , months in russian have been originally taken from latin and therefore are still rather close to english ones . 
  i 've fairly recently achieved level in english speech comprehension sufficient to start watching movies in english ( w/o subs ) , now there is no way back . 
  however , i think a good dub ( and russian dubs tend to be quite good ) is better than subs , as i think they distract a part of my attention from what 's happening on the screen . 
  nonetheless , when i watch anime i have to deal with reading en-subs as there is no better alternative . 
  you 're correct . 
  for example , i 'll finish my post-grad school at the age of 26.5 while conscription is from 18 to 27 . 
  if one also happens to get a phd during the school he ca n't be conscribed at all . 
  i also find it quite unfortunate that many people go to the university and the post-grad school just to avoid conscription , as they do n't learn anything . 
  one more popular method of avoiding conscription is to live at an address where you are not registered . 
  navalny did n't participate in 90s corruption due to his age , so he 's actually really close to being innocent . 
  all cases against him seem completely ridiculous to me . 
  if we consider the modern russia , i 'm not patriotic at all . 
  i 've looked it up on micex , it peaked at 100.74 . 
  the average is about 160k rubles ( $ 2000 ) per square meter . 
  sure . 
  there are variations though . 
  like `` i '' is no longer present in russian . 
  as far as i know , all wages are considerably higher in moscow . 
  i remember seeing an advertisement offering 100k rubles for a position of a subway train driver . 
  i 've worked in it for a while and i 'd now expect to earn about 50k rubles in my city and at least more than 100k in moscow if i tried returning . 
  yes , purchasing power of money in russia is different . 
  big mac index is sometimes used for the comparison of prices , so i 'll use a similar example . 
  not very long ago i ate at mcdonald 's in st. petersburg . 
  big mac , chickenburger , medium cola and medium fries cost me 277 rubles ( $ 3.5 ) . 
  and i 'd say eating at mcdonald 's is expensive , i spend considerably less on meals at home and at work . 
  i earn probably about 400 euros/mo and i ca n't call myself poor . 
  i have a nice 2008 japanese car , i 'm quite selective in food and buy only what i like , i 've been to eu 3 times in the last two years ( though one time i was n't the one who paid for the trip ) and i have enough money to buy things like smartphones , games on steam and other not that essential things from time to time . 
  however , overall situation has been quickly getting much worse recently and i suppose i 'll have to cut my expenses in the future . 
  if things start getting completely grim , i can always switch to freelancing in it . 
  the other important thing is , people usually own apartments . 
  renting can be prohibitive if you rent an apartment near the center of the city ( especially in moscow ) . 
  however , 2-room apartment in the outskirts of niznhy novgorod ( like my own apartment ) would probably cost me about $ 120/month , which is not that expensive . 
  i just have to spend more than an hour to get to my working place . 
  no , thanks . 
  i 'd prefer to visit ukraine on my own . 
  greek and russian uppercase letters are still so close . 
  i find it much harder to read lowercase ones despite the fact i often use and see them in formulae . 
  as far as i understand , this is before 13 % tax reduction . 
   that 's why russians are n't using google and facebook , but instead their services vkontakte and yandex i 'd like to correct this statement . 
  while this is true for facebook and vk , google is even a tiny bit more popular than yandex as a search engine ( according to statcounter , at least ) . 
  it 's not like google has poor support of the russian language . 
  also , the popularity of android phones makes people tend to use google 's services . 
  according to [ the official statistics ] ( http://www.gks.ru/wps/wcm/connect/rosstat_main/rosstat/ru/statistics/wages/ ) the average wage is about 33000 rubles ( $ 380 ) . 
  it 's probably influenced by rich moscow a lot , 33000 is a good wage in my ( pretty large ) city , the situation further from large cities is much worse . 
  average monthly salary in my city is now $ 350 . 
  great . 
  i guess i 'm not going to europe this summer . 
  donetsk is not the second largest city in ukraine and , as far as i understand , it has never been . 
  currently at least kharkiv , odessa and dnipropetrovsk are larger . 
  mine is rostelecom in nizhny novgorod . 
  i suppose prices are quite similar . 
  7 euro/month for 100 mbit/s fiber here . 
  your deal seems better . 
  obvious caucasus ( e.g. 
  chechnya ) . 
  they 're loyal while they are getting money . 
  i would agree , people do n't like and do n't respect politicians . 
  putin stands out though , he has quite a lot of political value . 
  well , i happen to know some people who were genuinely surprised when they learned that the ussr had taken some land from finland . 
  if you ask the span of the ww2 in russia , a considerable amount of people ( if not majority ) will probably answer 22 june 1941 -- 9 may 1945 . 
  being from russian academia , i 'm enraged that most of these fake degrees have n't been revoked yet . 
  still warmer than [ verkhoyansk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/verkhoyansk ) . 
   the average annual temperature for verkhoyansk is \u2212 14.5 \u00b0 c ( 5.9 \u00b0 f ) . 
   the lowest temperature recorded there , in february 1892 , was \u2212 69.8 \u00b0 c ( \u2212 93.6 \u00b0 f ) , 
  [ this ] ( http://static.ngs.ru/news/52/preview/6df25a42cddfb5eca4cf65a1251b5bb10af5759c_985.jpg ) . 
  i would n't say it 's the ugliest as there are hundreds of similar buildings all around the city . 
  but this one is the largest in our city ( 576 flats iirc ) and is called ` ant-hill ' . 
  russia 17\u00a0098\u00a0242 km \u00b2 - 143\u00a0975\u00a0923 so much unused space ... 
  yes , something like that . 
  i have similar understanding of this attitude . 
  according to the bible , `` the authorities that exist have been established by god '' . 
  therefore , people could n't blame the god-appointed tsar . 
  but as their lives were n't very good they had to blame someone for it . 
  and they though that tsar was just misinformed about the situation in the country by bad boyars surrounding him . 
  in their opinion , if he had known about injustice and problems of poor people he would have immediately fixed everything . 
  hard to tell , our political landscape is not picturesque . 
  probably navalny as he 's young ( therefore , has no connections to criminal activities in 90s ) , has quite good leadership and public speech skills , and his projects show some efficiency .
