   eurasian union we [ have this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_economic_union ) already . 
  russia is big . 
  it has a potential to be very influential on its own . 
  if russia reached the economic level of the eu and joined it , it would be the most dominant country of the union , which might not be what other countries want . 
  russia is also already hard to manage due to its size and diversity , so additional regulations from the eu might be a hindrance . 
  if to talk about the current generation , most people have a negative view of the eu mostly due to political reasons , this mentality ca n't be changed easily . 
  citizens of russia usually also value complete independence , so the idea of having a supranational entity might not go along well with them . 
  however , everything can change as generations pass by . 
  i 'm for closer economic , political , and cultural ties with the eu , but i do n't see russia in the eu . 
  at least not during my lifespan . 
  however , i think that eventually the humanity should become more unified in order to move forward , be it the eu or any other entity . 
  i wait , i always follow traffic lights . 
  though i find this situation unlikely . 
  at 1 a.m. , traffic lights in my city are typically turned off ( they blink yellow ) . 
  i see people ignoring traffic lights regularly ( once or twice a week ) , though . 
  both countries are too big and have too much problems to become part of the eu in any foreseeable future . 
  i also doubt that the russian population would like to join the eu even if our political course makes a u turn . 
  dialogue at a passport control : -- nationality ? 
  -- russian . 
  -- occupation ? 
  -- no , just visiting . 
  -- or a political joke . 
  france , uk and russia introduced a law on compulsory anal rape of all citizens on saturdays . 
  the british gathered and reelected the parliament . 
  the french gathered and made a revolution . 
  the russians began to join the queue on fridays in order to be dismissed earlier on saturdays . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly superstore is . 
  we have things called hypermarkets , they usually have a couple of dozens of cashiers , do they count ? 
  the biggest ones are auchan , lenta , okei , nash , metro . 
  if i remember correctly , 4th year of school . 
  maybe 3rd . 
  i first went to english courses before school , though , when i was 6 . 
  the french managed to steal it from us before we even invented it !, 
  not cool . 
  it 's the same with the british , they stole our [ first anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3hqdrvlxbc ) . 
  you 'd better pledge your loyalty to emperor palputine . 
  the imperial march . 
  that would be awesome . 
  but i also like the current one . 
  it probably depends on a particular biology teacher . 
  my class did n't have such a lesson . 
  no conscription until you finish , cheaper transport passes , free entrance to some museums . 
  our former children 's ombudsman pavel astakhov claimed that learning about sex is harmful , can cause psychological damage to a child and lead to their corruption . 
  our church is also adamant against sex ed , as having sex before marriage is `` immoral '' . 
  most parents are also not comfortable with taking about sex . 
  the result is : children have sex without contraception , 20 % of abortions are made by girls below 18 , we already have an aids epidemic . 
  i guess that 's a fine sacrifice for having moral high ground compared to those gay europeans !, 
  it definitely contributes to it . 
  no sex ed in russia . 
  it `` contradicts traditional values '' . 
  none , i own an apartment . 
  usually , slang names are given to certain car models . 
  there are a few somewhat popular for manufacturers like bmw : \u0431\u0443\u043c\u0435\u0440 ( boomer , there is even [ a film ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bimmer_ ( film \\ ) ) ) , \u0431\u044d\u0445\u0430 ( beha ) . 
  opel : \u0436\u043e\u043f\u0435\u043b\u044c ( zhopel ' , literally `` ass-pel '' ) . 
   i think it is around 2-3 meters long . 
  it 's actually almost 4.5 m. 
  i 've never driven anything bigger than a c-class car . 
  i currently own the first version of suzuki sx4 hatchback , its compactness is really handy for the city conditions . 
  i probably would n't like driving even toyota 4runner , ford excursion sounds like a complete nightmare . 
  it 's one of the most popular sports . 
  i think it 's the most popular winter sports after hockey . 
  almost all world cup races , european championships , all world championships , and olympics are broadcasted on free channels ; ibu cup and some other races are usually left for paid channels . 
  i think big names are famous mostly among the fans , though shipulin might be known to a wider public . 
  i do n't know about regional differences , but i assume it 's not very popular in the caucasus . 
  btw , grats on b\u00f8 's 2nd place today . 
  norway 's performance at the championships is disappointing though . 
  the hottest it can get here is ~ 35 \u00b0 . 
  everything above 30 \u00b0 is already unbearable for me . 
  only telegram , most of people i need happen to use it . 
  if to count social networks , also vk . 
  not legal , but generally acceptable . 
  vienna is the only city in austria i 've been to . 
  it used to be . 
  some schools still teach only german , but english is currently way more popular . 
  most of younger people have learned english , few are able to speak it though . 
  i would say 10-20 % if i had to guess . 
  it is probably an exception to this rule . 
  outsource is a huge part of our it , so english is a requirement in many cases . 
  when i worked in it , our company had free english lessons for the employees because everyone had to communicate with foreigners daily . 
  absolutely . 
  the history of being discriminated and even the present state of being discriminated are not excuses for inverse discrimination . 
   treat better  equal position logic fails me here . 
  best : probably austria or the us . 
  worst : russia , though it is improving over time . 
  it 's pretty clean as well . 
  rich cities are able to spend enough money on cleaning . 
  i 've been to several european countries and the us , so i have a high standard of what is clean . 
  judging by experience of people who visited india , it 's much worse than russia . 
  some cities ( including moscow ) are rather clean ; most , are not . 
  there 's a lot of litter in the streets of my city . 
  russia overall is by a wide margin the dirtiest country i 've ever been to . 
  oh , it 's our worst enemy . 
  i learnt bre . 
  i probably use ( or at least try to , i definitely have an eastern european accent ) a mix of both when pronouncing things . 
  i try to use american grammar for consistency , because i publish in american journals . 
  i fully support the right of women to have such a choice . 
  i also do n't think that making women to have unwanted children is a good idea for their upbringing and education . 
  three are quite a few monarchists who would like to have the empire back . 
  not enough to consider it seriously , though . 
  some of them suggest just giving a title of tsar to putin , he already has quite a lot of power .
