  according to navalny 's twitter , at least the first 40 pages of the verdict are the carbon copy from the first verdict ( including the typos ) which was quashed by echr . 
  for nizhny novgorod , it 's not . 
  a one-way bus ticket is 20 rub ( ~ 31 cents ) , while a monthly pass is 950 rub ( $ 15 ) . 
  if you only travel to work without transfers 22-23 days a month , it 's already slightly cheaper to not have a pass . 
  then , the bus service is horrendous . 
  wait times are often far too long , so most of the times you 'll take a [ marshrutka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshrutka ) instead ; it is a privately owned small bus ( like [ this one ] ( http://fotobus.msk.ru/photo/06/69/75/669759.jpg ) ) , for which the bus pass is not eligible . 
  11400 rub or $ 180 for nizhny novgorod . 
  almost two times more expensive for moscow . 
  what is there to say ... 
  things have become expensive , but it 's still bearable . 
  i 've finally got used to dollar being 60 instead of 35 . 
  i guess this apathy is largely supported by the feeling that the new ones would be just as corrupt as the current ones . 
  russians are already used to being broke . 
  it would be really hard to exceed the level of poverty of 90s . 
  it would be more interesting to have the number right before the annexation . 
  however , 20 should be a solid lower limit . 
   for putin personally that 's a very important detail . 
  `` tsar is good , boyars are bad '' is a long-established idea . 
  the support for government is always significantly lower than for putin . 
   to study their children in ukrainian schools i ca n't find more recent data , but [ in 2009 ] ( http://news.liga.net/news/society/481441-v-krymu-menshe-vsego-ukrainskikh-shkol.htm ) a stunning amount of 7 schools in crimea were ukrainian . 
  our science might be good , but the only reason this memorandum by ras is needed is the overwhelming popularity of homeopathy among the population . 
  doctors prescribe it , it is sold in drug stores , people take it as real medicine . 
  trying to reason with people that it is useless and ca n't work is almost impossible , they continue to believe all kinds of anti-scientific stuff . 
  and i have a fear that this memorandum wo n't change anything . 
  why ca n't a sovereign nation be ruled by a dictatorship ? 
   you have to pay rent , utilities and food , so that 's about 500 $ off your paycheck just there renting a flat is way too expensive , it 's very rare not to own a flat . 
  if you own a flat , 500 $ should be enough for utilities and reasonable food for a family of two . 
  it 's not a negligible amount of money , but it 's nowhere close enough to be considered `` a lot '' . 
  i would consider people , who are n't able to throw away 12 $ on some useless crap they just want , very poor . 
  i wo n't say it 's `` a lot of money '' for st. petersburg . 
  that 's less than one restaurant dinner , or slightly more that an imax cinema ticket . 
  the average wage there is ~ $ 750 . 
  meanwhile i ca n't even travel to moscow without roaming . 
  i 'm envious . 
  and what if they do n't comply ? 
  we have this bullshit in russia , and would really like my government to fuck off and let me decide where i want to store my data * myself * . 
  look like old photos taken on a film camera . 
  even my photos from 90s have similar unnatural colors . 
  are n't modern biometric passports standardized ? 
  i do n't see much difference between my passport and european ones , for example . 
   ukranian russian-languaged textbook i had in my school used to have less then a half page dedicated to both r-m pact and winter war , while having a lengthy description of great patriotic war . 
  yes , that 's typical . 
  it 's usually more than a half page , more like 1 page , but the great patriotic war has way more focus than the events of the wwii before it . 
   edit : criminalisation of r-m pact - i was refering to law about denial of history , and that foggy story about the guy who was jailed for mebtioning brest parade . 
  i may be mistaken , or not fully in context there though . 
  this law is stupid , but does n't prohibit mentioning r-m pact ( maybe yet , the trend in treating our history is worrying ) . 
  this guy was fined ( not jailed ) for reposting a post about bandera that contained a statement `` the ussr together with nazi germany attacked poland , thus starting the wwii '' . 
  the court decided that it was factually incorrect , because the ussr started its invasion two weeks later than germany . 
  not that i agree with the law and the court decision , but that 's the context as i understand it . 
   russians know exactly that ukrainians did n't kill and eat babies , that they were n't fascists , that `` gayrope '' does n't exist . 
  but they either shut up , or chose to play along . 
  i can not disagree more . 
  my family members and many other people i know sincerely believe that ukraine is a fascist state waging a * civil * war against its russian-speaking population , that crimea was saved from war by russia , that mh17 was shot down by ukrainian forces , etc etc. 
  what side would be evil if this was the truth ? 
  i have completely failed to fight these ideas , they wo n't listen to me because i 'm `` fed american propaganda on my internet '' . 
  and they are not evil people . 
  putin intentionally appeals to the emotions of the people , and they support him not because they choose to be bad , but because they want to be righteous in the reality they live . 
   winter war is almost never mentioned , or downplayed , the molotov-ribbentrop pact is almost never mentioned , and in some context mentioning of it is criminalised where do you get that ? 
  i 've never seen a single textbook used in schools not mentioning these two things . 
  they are mentioned rather briefly indeed , but people who studied well should know about these events . 
   almost fantasy picture pushed through the education channels it might be some teachers to blame . 
  mass repressions and the existence of the cult of the personality are taught in schools . 
  i still ca n't comprehend how he can be respected so much by people who learned it . 
   they know exactly what and who they are supporting and still they are supporting him and his politics i 'd argue that the majority of them does n't . 
  having access to information does n't equal actually using it . 
  i 'm talking specifically about euromaidan , not the war with russia . 
  there were plenty of eu flags on euromaidan , just look at the photos . 
  looks like the result of having no sex ed . 
  i agree that it is be better to write `` russian karelian children '' in the headline if ethnicity is important . 
   yeah , problem is krasnodar is not a name of country . 
  countries are no different . 
  `` russian '' can mean both `` ethnic russian '' or `` a citizen of russia '' . 
   let 's try kabarda or chechnya and than now cossacks are kabardians and chechens ? 
  oh , now that does n't work . 
  :( it does n't work with kabarda , because there is no such administrative region in russia . 
  `` kabardino-balkarian '' is the adjective for things from kabardino-balkaria . 
  `` chechen '' as an adjective can be used for all people living in chechnya , not only ethnic chechen . 
  when i read on the news that , for example , `` chechen pupils are going to visit kremlin christmas tree '' , they are talking about pupils studying in chechnya . 
  the vast majority of them will be ethnic chechens , but non necessary all of them . 
   i mean , russians from karelia are not karelians as russians sochi are not circassians . 
  oh goodness ... 
  words can have multiple meanings . 
  `` karelian '' is also used for things from karelia , not only ethnic karelians . 
  maybe it was better to use `` children from karelia '' to prevent this confusion . 
  for children from sochi the similar use would be `` krasnodar children '' . 
  they might be relevant in local politics , but you mentioned them as `` opposition figures '' , which does n't describe them well ( especially varlamov ) . 
  navalny , like him or not , is definitely an opposition figure ; he specifically does things against the current government . 
  though the chance that he becomes influential is probably very low . 
  max katz is a former prominent poker player , a municipal deputy of one of the moscow districts , and a blogger ( # 179 at livejournal ) mostly known for spreading urbanist ideas . 
  together with varlamov they founded `` city projects '' , a fund aimed at improving the city infrastructure by using modern urbanism . 
  at the moment , he is studying public and urban policy at the university of glasgow . 
  he frequently expresses his quite oppositional political views in his blog . 
  his political experience includes : being a municipal deputy in moscow , helping varlamov to run for the mayor of omsk ( unsuccessful ) , helping navalny with his 2013 moscow mayor campaign ( he had a conflict with other staff members and was fired ; he does n't get along well with navalny since then ) , running for a deputy of moscow state duma ( unsuccessful ) , helping dmitry gudkov to run for a deputy of moscow state duma ( unsuccessful ) . 
  as a politician he is completely irrelevant beyond moscow . 
  i really like his blog though . 
  ilya varlamov is a photographer and a very popular blogger ( among the top ones , probably even * the * top ) . 
  his political views are unclear , probably slightly oppositional , but he was putin 's personal blogger in 2010-2011 . 
  overall he seems a reasonable person , but he is not a politician at all . 
  his only political experience was running for a mayor of omsk , but he failed to collect enough signatures to even become a candidate . 
  23 % in one of polling districts where he balloted , not in the whole moscow .
