  you can do better than that !, 
  people of smolensk are waiting for their lithuanian overlords . 
  he 's the head of the mod press service department , not just some random guy . 
  god , it 's like they are actively looking for a reason to be outraged . 
  i ca n't understand why would they care about what some satirical magazine writes . 
  if not for those tragic events with ch , they would n't even know it existed . 
  he reposted a vk post , not a facebook one . 
  he 's accused exactly of the content of the reposted messages . 
  vk is more popular than ok . 
   you russians i 'm not a part of a hivemind , you know . 
  i am not zadornov either . 
  if you have any claims against me personally , bring it on . 
  but i wo n't hold responsibility for words and actions of any other person from my country except myself . 
  you do n't have to feel sorry . 
  but you could have shown some decency and kept silent . 
  i guess the name of my city is hard to pronounce and create a reasonable spelling . 
  i 'm surprised to see `` myrmanskoy more '' . 
  i did n't know that the murmansk 's name is that much older than the city . 
  what ? 
  it is relevant exactly how ? 
  google failed to translate `` factionless '' ( independent ) . 
  this person also wounded 3 other people . 
  what a `` hero '' indeed . 
  this man is unbelievably fast for a postal official . 
  you overestimate moscow . 
  it 's `` merely '' a 12 million city . 
  most explanations i know fall back to religion . 
  do you have a more sound one ? 
   i live in this country , i do n't need to , thanks . 
  living in a country does n't protect one from being delusional about it . 
   they were n't beaten up because they were lgbt , they were beaten up because they were making aggressive propaganda . 
  oh , that 's so much better !, 
  should i remind you that the right of assembly is guaranteed by georgian constitution ? 
  the fact that marriage and family are important is exactly the reason why homosexual people want a legal way to create a family . 
  i do n't see how it can destroy the institution of family . 
   if you want to have a word for gay `` marriages '' , fair , you can make new word for it and use it to describe your `` marriage '' , no one will object or give a single , flying fuck . 
  then , i assume , georgian society would be completely fine with the registered same sex unions . 
  except it would n't , and i 'm entirely sure of it . 
   navalny has 206k followers on vk  on twitter he has 1.72 m  so i think these numbers suggest that his audience is mostly western and his media presence engineered and cultivated with their attention to him . 
  i can not agree with this analysis of the social media . 
  navalny was one of the top bloggers in the russian segment of livejournal , while being somewhat active in twitter and facebook . 
  he did n't even have a vk page back then . 
  after his lj blog was banned , he moved to his own site , but lost a lot of popularity . 
  vk was never his platform . 
  vk is not a dominant platform for following people in russia anyway , even medvedev has 2.5 times more followers on twitter than on vk . 
  vk is more for friends and funny publics . 
   he has not really done much except lose elections , show up at every anti gov protest and make videos of himself promising the world . 
  he leaked some documents that he may have gotten from american intelligence he is more known as a blogger and a founder of rospil and the fund against corruption . 
  some sort of preparation most likely started on february 20 , we have this date on a [ medal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medal_%22for_the_return_of_crimea%22 ) . 
  but soldiers definitely appeared later . 
  however , he acknowledges that the annexation was illegal , which will probably make him lose some support . 
  the problem is , his rule does n't really follow russian laws . 
  i have to correct you : russian forces appeared on february 26/27 . 
  on february 20 yanukovich was still in kiev . 
  however , it does n't change the fact that the referendum happened after the occupation . 
  he is mostly irrelevant now . 
  a lot of people blame him for the dissolution of the soviet union . 
  why not ? 
  i really love my language , i have a lot of respect for russian literature , art , music , science . 
  i really want russia to become a wealthy , developed country with a lot of cultural influence in the world . 
  however , i totally despise russia in its current state . 
  the line of thinking also includes `` saving crimean people from fascists in kiev '' . 
  which is not widely used . 
  i 'm a physicist , and almost all russian papers i read are in computer modern or tnr . 
  liberation serif is licensed under gnu gpl , while astra has a closed version . 
  other fonts are not metric compatible with tnr . 
  many russian documents have to be in tnr according to a standard . 
  i wonder how some major things fall into this concept . 
  take , for example , slavery . 
  the view of christianity ( as well as the humanity in general ) on slavery was very different in different historic periods . 
  passages from the bible can be used to support both kind of views on slavery . 
  on which basis can we decide whether slavery is or is not moral ? 
  how is it possible that people of supposedly the same christian faith ( be it catholic or orthodox ) were completely fine with the slavery several centuries ago , while nowadays most of christians , i presume , condemn it ? 
  were christians somehow misguided back then or are they misguided now ? 
  for some reason you think that only your morality is right . 
   i personally do n't see how one can have any sort of morality without some sort of faith some humans have brains . 
  so it seems you 're also against atheists adopting kids . 
  i 'm speechless . 
  i like the swiss sea . 
  i never said it was the only measurement of progress . 
  is estonia not very progressive in other aspects compared to other ex-ussr countries ? 
  well , other baltic and eastern european countries do n't seem to be very progressive in this regard , so estonia is a nice exception . 
  estonia , the most progressive ex-ussr country . 
  historically , culturally and geographically , yes . 
   a russian on an american website in a european subreddit what 's your point ? 
  is russia not european ? 
  or they would know that '' \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 '' does n't have a capital letter in it . 
  `` fatherland '' ( \u041e\u0442\u0435\u0447\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0432\u043e ) is widely used in russian for russia . 
  not a bright future for me as a physicist . 
  i suspect that a lot of young talented people wanting an academia career might eventually leave russia . 
  god , i hate my passengers !, 
  every time i tell people on the back seat to put seat-belts on , they either ask `` is it required on the back seat ? '', 
  or reply `` oh , yes , there 're police ahead '' . 
  nobody understands that they should do this for safety . 
  sometimes i even have to give them an ultimatum that we are n't going anywhere while the seat-belts are not put on . 
  i think that speed limits contribute a lot to the death toll . 
  you can speed up to 79 km/h in most urban areas without being fined . 
  intercity roads with only a single lane in each direction or no separators also do n't help . 
  `` ever seen '' where ? 
  i think we 've had similar things for quite some time .
