  nizhny novgorod was founded in 1221 . 
  it will be 800 years old soon . 
  i 'm 24 and i have had a car for 5.5 years already . 
  the transportation system in nizhny novgorod is complete garbage . 
  i sometimes get tired of the car and switch to public transit , but right now it is too wet and dirty in the streets due to snow melting . 
  i live with my mother . 
  renting a separate apartment just seems too expensive . 
  i do n't think i can comprehend the logic of terrorists . 
  the intension of repeating terror acts is probably to cultivate fear among population in the long term , which might swing their opinion on particular topics . 
  i think there 's a considerable percentage of population in russia that would be fine with just ditching chechnya . 
  the [ beslan terror act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beslan_school_siege ) . 
  on the first day of school , september 1 , a school full of children and their parents who came to the first day events in beslan , north ossetia were taken hostages by a group of terrorists . 
  for two days they have been held without food or water in an overheated gym . 
  negotiations did n't lead anywhere , and russian forces stormed the school by heavy force including tanks and flamethrowers . 
  this proved to be a very unsuccessful operation , resulting in more than 300 casualties . 
  this event shocked russia , and was used to consolidate more power in the government 's hands . 
  the pope with the biggest nuclear arsenal in the world would be fun . 
  i routinely drive by the [ nizhny novgorod kremlin ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/nizhny_novgorod_kremlin_by_aircraft.jpg ) without paying much attention to it , but it 's 500 years old . 
  it 's not that impressive for europe , but still it 's pretty old . 
  canada or the us . 
  canada has a very similar climate to what i 'm used to , both have english as their main language , both have high standard of living . 
  my area of research is also represented well in both . 
  there are also several acquaintances living in the us , i could use their experience . 
  god damn , even more drawbacks !, 
  the biggest country on earth with a shitty economy and a bad attitude . 
  people in general do n't want to learn languages ( including english ) , they think it 's useless . 
  i was taught british english , but i try to use the american spelling and style . 
  the same with pronunciation . 
  they ca n't . 
  the living wage is officially bigger than the minimum wage . 
  if you earn this little , you 're screwed ( especially in moscow ) . 
  yes , ~ 120 eur/month . 
  i think that having any kind of minimum wage is better then not having it at all . 
  usually slippers . 
  different schools have different focuses . 
  i do n't want to make a blunt weapon out of my t-shit . 
  no , i have no idea what this soup is . 
  another thing that is popular in the us and very rare in russia is a dishwasher . 
  i know only one person who has a dishwasher . 
  where i live , everyone just hangs their clothes outside , in an attic , in a balcony , in a bathroom , etc. 
  never saw one . 
  i did n't even know such thing existed . 
  all international flight regulations are generally observed . 
  if you have water , throw it away or drink . 
  once they have even checked my toothpaste tube for its volume . 
  hm , i did n't know this version . 
  after some googling , it looks like it is not certain which one is true . 
  fun fact : '' \u0447\u0438\u043a\u0441\u0430 '' ( chicksa ) is a slang ( and also quite sexist ) term for a woman in modern russian . 
  taken from english , obviously . 
  no , nothing like that . 
  some bird names can be used in offensive way , though . 
  like \u043a\u0443\u0440\u0438\u0446\u0430 ( hen ) for a stupid woman or \u043f\u0435\u0442\u0443\u0445 ( cock ) for a gay person . 
  not really . 
  it sometimes has events that are not aired elsewhere , but that 's it . 
  russia is big enough already . 
  in nizhny novgorod , we have streets named after karl marx , engels , heine , darwin , karl liebknecht , max hoelz , robespierre , sacco and vanzetti , maurice thorez , shakespeare , julius fuchik ; belarus , ukraine , luhansk , kiev , lviv , georgia , minsk , odessa , riga , tallinn , tbilisi . 
  almost every country leader from the 20th century could be named ( nikolai ii , lenin , stalin , gorbachev , yeltsin , etc ) . 
  the most controversial is stalin , opinions range from worshipping him to completely hating him . 
  yes . 
  also conscription . 
  child abuse . 
  let the child grow and decide for himself if he wants this or not . 
  hard to tell . 
  many countries have this practice , but i do n't know a certain reason for it . 
  maybe it has been initially caused by the traditional structure of the family in which a husband is typically older than his wive , so they are able to retire at approximately the same time . 
  not that simple . 
  you are obliged to get a schengen visa of a country which is your main destination . 
  for example , if you plan to stay 1 day in germany and 6 days in the netherlands and you do n't have a schengen visa yet , you have to apply for a dutch visa . 
  if you misinform the consulate and they manage to find it out , you may be declined the visa . 
  not every country cares much about this rule , but some do . 
  e.g. , finland is very strict . 
  if you get a finnish visa , you 'd better spend at least 50 % of your days in the schengen zone in finland ( even for multi-entry visas ) or else you will have a very small chance of getting their visa again . 
  60 for men , 55 for women . 
  however , a lot of people continue working after reaching the pension age , as pensions are way too small . 
  my mother is 64 now , still working and is planning to work for 2-3 more years . 
  her pension is something like ~ 150 eur/month , she does n't like this sum of money at all . 
  the government is currently considering raising the pension age to 65 for both sexes . 
  it 's fairly popular in russia . 
  i eat sandwiches with butter almost every morning . 
   how do russians generally feel about the ukrainian situation ? 
  generally they support the russian government and oppose the ukrainian one . 
  the general view on the events in ukraine is immensely different from the one i have and the one present in the western media , and includes : the maidan was a western plot aimed against russia , a lot of fascists in ukraine , mh17 was shot down by the ukrainian army , there are no regular russian troops in ukraine , etc. 
  frankly , i find all of this rather disgusting . 
   also , do russians care much about belarus ( about the union state thing and such ) ? 
  well , it 's probably the most friendly country russia currently has ( and probably the only `` brothers '' after the relations with ukraine went to dumpster ) , so russians somewhat care about it staying friendly . 
  things like the union state and the eurasian economic union are rather unclear , i doubt many care about them . 
  `` notable '' would even be an understatement considering the recent events . 
  it 's very obvious . 
  there 's still probably a substantial percentage of people who would support appending dpr and lpr to russia , though this percentage has really fallen since 2014 . 
  we also have some folks claiming russia 's rights on former ussr territories , alaska , finland , whatever . 
  though they are currently marginal . 
  maps of russia are almost always divided into different regions . 
  it is too big to not do that . 
  my oblast is bigger than quite a few european countries . 
  i would like to visit them someday , both seem like interesting cities . 
  it 's a very challenging task to visit the entirety of russia . 
  i 've only been to ~ 10 big russian cities , most of which are on the volga river ( the exceptions are moscow , stp , and novosibirsk ) . 
  i 'm more interested in visiting other countries . 
  russian cities typically have very poor tourist infrastructure , and there is also not that much to see . 
  however , i would really like to visit lake baikal someday , though traveling there is somewhat expensive .
