  there are 45 districts , the winner in each becomes one of 45 deputies . 
  katz was 3rd in his district . 
  it makes him a local politician . 
  i would n't call them `` opposition figures '' . 
  while katz has somewhat dove into politics lately , varlamov is mostly a photographer and a blogger , he does n't really participate in politics . 
  katz definitely holds opposition views , but he tries to use his political power mostly for urbanism and city planning . 
  omg , russia would need to have 6.2 billion people to match belgium . 
  does n't modern russia also count as multi-ethnic ? 
  though there are problems with some places like our caucasus region , other republics like tatarstan , bashkortostan , mari el , etc are well integrated into the country and have been a part of russia for ages . 
  confession by people under arrest is very weak evidence , as it can be made under pressure . 
  a ukrainian ( ! ), 
  citizen opposing russian annexation of crimea is charged with terrorism based on evidence by fsb . 
  fsb is the least believable source in this situation . 
  any openly available videos , photos , anything ? 
  it 's probably as much bullshitty and politically motivated as it can get . 
  the difference from regular thugs is that fsb has a very good motive for forging evidence . 
  according to fsb . 
  great source . 
  has sentsov beaten anyone or burnt anything ? 
  but how is it relevant ? 
  i do n't think alexievich beats people and burns things . 
  they still have poor reputation . 
  gaz no longer produces regular cars , only trucks and vans . 
  they produced [ lada 2107 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lada_riva ) since 1982 until 2012 , if that is what you mean . 
  their [ current models ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lada_vesta ) are much better . 
  our lada as well . 
  by the way , they 've become much better since the acquisition by renault -- nissan . 
  maybe they know their target audience . 
  clever propaganda might be less effective . 
  still better than during the soviet times . 
  looks familiar . 
  disgusting as usual . 
  would n't help here , i guess . 
  i 'm a physicist myself , for me it 's only english . 
  but i 've listened to a talk of a prominent historical linguist who claimed that both german and french remain major languages in his area of science , and knowing only english is not sufficient to keep up with research . 
  i do n't see many problems with raising in a certain religion as long as the choice is still possible for a child when they 've grown up . 
  i was raised as a christian , but at the age of 14 i just abandoned my religion . 
  i 'm slightly annoyed by the fact i was baptized against my will , but it 's not something irreversible . 
  because many journals and papers are crap . 
  i know mostly about physics . 
  papers published in nature , physical review letters , reviews of modern physics , etc. 
  are read by thousands of physicists . 
  physicists usually try to read all papers related to their field of research in several top journals in their field . 
  russia and china already have access to all published research , making it free changes completely nothing on the scale of countries . 
  however , actual researchers ( as well as people interested in research ) sometimes have hard times downloading articles they need . 
  i can find ways to download almost whatever i want ( in the most dire cases i could contact my colleagues in the eu ) , but being unable to simply download my own article is extremely frustrating . 
  i also believe that modern science is too complicated to exist within countries . 
  even during the cold war , the us and the ussr agreed to share their progress on controlled fusion , because they understood that they could n't advance anymore on their own . 
   your language has some characters that are extremely similar to chinese , suggesting an asian influence wait , what ? 
  which ones are that ? 
  we have almost the same cyrillic alphabet as bulgaria or serbia . 
   with how many russians were you talking recently ? 
  well , i happen to live here , so quite a lot . 
   belarusians are closer by all means to polish , and do not talk to ukrainians that they have something with russians that 's some alternative history bullshit right here . 
  ukrainians , belarusians , and russians are east slavs and the descendants of the kievan rus , while poles are west slavs . 
  our languages are developed from the old east slavic language . 
  ukrainian and belarusian cultures and languages have obviously been heavily influenced by the polish culture , and they are distinct from the russian culture . 
  but they are still the closest other cultures russia currently has . 
  that 's a very unorthodox definition of europe . 
  yep . 
  it was presented to putin as a russian game , though the developers are mostly from the us . 
   too far away too far away from where ? 
  geographically speaking , they are right in the middle of europe . 
  unlike kazakhstan , which has only a small chunck of land in europe and other - stans which do n't have any land in europe . 
   their languages and histories are too different ukrainians can understand polish quite well and vice versa . 
  hungarian language , being finno-ugric , is more different from most european languages than belarusian and ukrainian . 
  the histories of belarus and ukraine are closely related to the histories of russia , poland , lithuania . 
   living standard is too low since when do living standards define how european is the country ? 
  if for any magic reason french economy completely collapses , will france become non-european in a moment ? 
   to the eu eu ! = the eu, 
   but not considering themselves as europeans that 's more of a political statement against the eu . 
  if to choose between european and asian with no alternatives , i 'm sure most russians would pick european . 
  also , it 's not really a matter of self-determination . 
  russia has much less influence from asian cultures than from european , and its history is much closer related to europe than to asia . 
  the closest to russian cultures are ukrainian and belarusian . 
  but most of the population is in europe . 
   they 're not europeans , just like the turkish are n't . 
  ethnic russians are east slavs like ukrainians and belarusians . 
  would you consider ukraine and belarus also not european ? 
  most of the population lives in europe , the history is tightly related to europe and other european countries . 
  what makes it not european rather than big chunks of land in asia ? 
  its founder pavel durov ( and a few talented guys with him ) fled russia after he was ousted from the company , allegedly because he refused to provide fsb with personal data on some ukrainian euromaidan supporters . 
  now vk is fully controlled by mail.ru group ( which controls quite a lot of things in the runet along with less popular social networks ok and moy mir ) . 
  it 's a government-friendly company , its ceo is a son of the ceo of all-russia state television and radio broadcasting company . 
  most large companies complied with that law , so they are not going to be banned ( at least in the near future ) . 
  yandex is not state-owned though . 
  they know how to do business in russia : its mother company yandex n.v. is registered in the netherlands . 
  putin even accused them of foreign influence . 
  sounds familiar . 
  two years ago our government launched the national search engine sputnik . 
  they spent something like $ 10 -- 20 million on it . 
  now its audience is barely couple of thousand pageviews a month . 
   i 'm under impression that russian are thinking that everybody is ungratefull towards them not only that . 
  i 've even heard the opinion ( not once ) , that poles were very grateful to the ussr for liberation , but then evil americans made them their puppets as well as made them hate russians . 
  shirtless putin riding a bear . 
  it was banned in september , i do n't know if the ban could influence the statistics that much . 
  in the [ previous year ] ( http://www.pornhub.com/insights/pornhub-2015-year-in-review ) , we had my little pony as a top gaining search . 
  there is still no peace treaty between russia and japan after wwii due to territorial disputes . 
  somehow rightful lithuanian land ends at russia 's border . 
  come on !,
