  ooxml is not a single standard , but a collection of three standards : ecma 376 , iso/iec 29500 transitional , iso/iec 29500 strict . 
  these three standards are not fully compatible . 
  only the latter one ( strict ) is similar to odf and can be used as its substitution , the first two are not open and are no better than doc in that regard . 
  the support for strict has been added to ms office only in its 2013 version , and , guess what , it 's not the default !, 
  it seems that ms have tricked everyone into believing that they are making an open format , but we ended up with the same proprietary bullshit . 
   i think we mostly agree , i just do n't like when the problems are always blamed on `` linux '' , as if it 's somehow a fault with linux , when in fact it is almost always lack of vendor support . 
  i do n't like this either , but the truth is that users just do n't care about whose fault is this . 
  they want their pc to do things they want and to not be frustrated in the process . 
  if linux ca n't do that for whatever reason , they 'll just switch back to windows . 
  when i wrote this , i meant solely the present day situation . 
  i 'm sure linux has a potential to do this in the future , and i really hope it does as i do n't like the direction microsoft is heading to . 
  my major stumbling block for home use is gaming but , if cross-platform vulkan and opengl take over directx ( which is possible considering the rapidly rising mobile gaming market ) , this can change . 
  i 'm not talking about switching to libreoffice , i 'm talking about the microsoft 's proprietary standard . 
  if they make odf default in ms office ( unlikely ) , or even if they just make the ms office . docx format compliant with their own office open xml standard , that would be tremendous . 
  the idea of docx as an open format is great , but microsoft seems to be doing anything to prolong their full control over docx . 
  also , i think that libreoffice would be sufficient for at least 80 % of people who use word , they usually write simple reports with minimal formatting , lo can handle this . 
  the ecosystem , which includes the driver support , is really important for the general public . 
  while they are not linux issues , they majorly contribute to the user experience , and users do n't really care what caused them . 
  when my scientific advisor gets a login loop after an update , he does n't care if it 's a problem caused by nvidia drivers , ubuntu maintainers , or anyone else . 
  as he does n't know how to use the command line or how to switch to a virtual console , his pc suddenly becomes completely unusable for him . 
  personally , i 'm dissatisfied with windows more than with linux . 
  and linux has gone a long way in the recent years to becoming more user-friendly . 
  but , in my experience , windows rarely has issues when something stops working or does n't work at all . 
  the difference for the user between popular distributions is mostly in looks , the available software is generally the same . 
  the weakest points of linux are probably gaming ( though valve contributes to its improvement ) and unavailability of specific professional software ( like photoshop ) with no alternatives . 
  `` free '' in `` free software '' is free as in speech , not free as in beer . 
  similarly , you can take any popular linux distro ( mint , ubuntu , fedora , etc ) for this case and get `` the biggest number '' . 
  two most prominent players on the mobile market ( ios and android ) have open-source kernels ( xnu and linux respectively ) . 
  android itself is mostly open-source , but with proprietary components . 
   open-source software is n't reliable there is a reason why linux distros are used on almost all servers . 
  i think that the linux kernel might be the most popular kernel worldwide , with its use on servers , android , and many smaller devices like routers . 
  as a linux user , i 'm still not convinced linux can replace windows for the general public , as i still bump into rather frustrating bugs and issues from time to time . 
  but i would support this movement nonetheless , more users will bring more incentives to improve it . 
  however , i think we definitely should at least do something about the monopoly of microsoft in the office software . 
  for such ubiquitous things as documents , open document format is a much better alternative than the proprietary docx . 
  while there is office open xml , microsoft is now very enthusiastic about supporting their own open format . 
  maybe some government-level pressure could make microsoft take action . 
   this sub isnt pro gay i do n't know , europeans in general and most visitors of this sub in particular seem rather gay-friendly . 
  saying that they are `` pro gay '' just because they do n't like muslims seems like violation of causality to me . 
  it sounds pretty gay if you place quotation marks around `` ride '' and `` bears '' . 
  grats to the ukrainians !, 
  i 'm a little bit envious . 
  getting visas is a pain in the ass . 
  the original phrase uses the word '' \u043f\u0438\u0434\u043e\u0440\u0430\u0441\u044b '' which is a derogatory word for gays ( and it is also obscene ) . 
  calling a person this word is a serious insult . 
  i think it might be worse than english `` faggot '' . 
  can confirm . 
  i often ride shirtless on a bicycle when it 's too hot . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  in my understanding of the federal list , every item on it is a description of a single entity which is rendered extremist as a whole . 
  but i 'm not a lawyer , so do n't cite me on this . 
  however , the list is filled in post factum , so , technically , items on it has always been illegal . 
  items on it are just * guaranteed * to be extremist as there already is a court decision for them , but courts can make new decisions anytime for anything else . 
  so i 'd probably better refrain from posting images of putin with makeup . 
  sure . 
  item 4071 on the federal list of extremist materials ( can be downloaded [ here ] ( http://minjust.ru/ru/node/243787 ) ) , my translation :  a poster depicting a man resembling the president of the russian federation v.v. 
  putin , on whose face there is makeup - painted eyelashes and lips , which , according to the author/authors of the poster , should serve as a hint of allegedly non-standard sexual orientation of the russian president . 
  the text under the image ( reproduced with preservation of features of spelling and punctuation , with hidden obscene vocabulary ) : `` putin 's voters are like ... there are seemingly many , but among my friends there are none '' , posted may 7 , 2014 in the social network `` vkontakte '' on the account * % invalid_account_link % * with the nickname `` alexander tsvetkov '' ( decision of the central district court of the city of tver on 11.05.2016 ) ;, 
  is it surprising ? 
  as far as i know , russia has never officially recognised that it was occupation . 
  most russians likely think the same . 
  i know several people who think that citizens of the baltic countries are just ungrateful bastards . 
  i do n't know why almost no media outlets mention the whole context . 
  as far as i understand , not the image itself was banned , but a combination of this image with the following text : `` putin voters are like faggots : there are seemingly many of them , but none among people i know '' . 
  the court decision was made in may 2016 , the list of banned materials was updated on march 30 . 
  they are very popular in the former soviet union . 
  unfortunately , some of them are badly maintained where i live . 
  i 've been to prague and t3s there are fantastic , they are able to accelerate to 60 kmh and be rather quiet and smooth . 
  here , they start moving , and you 'd better hold on to a handrail or you 'll fall . 
  the [ interior ] ( http://transphoto.ru/photo/03/91/51/391510.jpg ) is also dated . 
   though it 's ( very slowly ) changing is it a new trend for ukraine ? 
  in my city , roads are getting progressively worse and worse since 2014 . 
  non-citizens can legally stay using work visas , residence permits , refugee status , etc. 
   holy shit do all ukranians think like that ? 
  there is no need for such generalizations . 
  every nation has its good and bad people . 
  i remember 2014 and 2016 . 
  i might have missed something though . 
  i partly agree , as i feel somewhat responsible for what happens in ukraine ( as a citizen , but not personally responsible ) , but i have two objections . 
  first of all , not everyone voted for putin . 
  second , do not underestimate the power of state propaganda . 
  what you call `` voted '' is a little bit different in authoritarian states . 
  this is likely . 
  a lot of `` anti-terrorist '' legislation acts lead to limitations in liberties and the increase of the government 's control . 
  so far the retaliation always led to more power to the government . 
  fun fact : some opposition people ( e.g. , khodorkovsky ) think that yesterday 's protest was orchestrated by the government to hinder the protests . 
   investigated with a full international force i do n't really know how the international force can help in this case . 
  it 's not like quantity of investigators will increase the quality . 
  if there are traces leading outside russia ( though i doubt they can lead to the eu ) , the investigators will possibly ask for help . 
  i think it is much easier to say than to actually behave like that . 
  human mind and behavior can be very susceptible to emotions and instincts . 
  it 's probably hard to stay cool-headed and rational among continuous bombings . 
  yes . 
  i think they have gradually appeared in the recent 3-4 years . 
  metal detectors `` beep '' on almost every person ( e.g. , i have metal belt buckle and metal keys in by bag ) . 
  it 's just impossible to check everyone , crowds in metro are huge . 
  i 've been checked only twice in moscow when i ' a really large bag . 
  i think that metal detectors are rather useless for such large flows of people as in metro . 
  almost everyone carries something metal on them , it 's impossible to stop and check them all . 
  i have no idea , but it 's probably not a negligible amount of money .
