  christianity in general is also homophobic . 
  it 's justified by the concept of equality . 
  there is no need to search for examples in history , we are more advanced than our ancestors and can create new things . 
   good that you agree that most nationalist movements are good . 
  preserving culture ( at least indiscriminately ) is not necessarily good . 
  some parts of culture sometimes need to be abandoned . 
  homophobia can be one of those . 
  as an example , i would not call the idea of preserving parts of culture based on sharia law good . 
  i think almost every developer interacts with server linux sometimes . 
  even as a physicist , i have several server workstations to run simulations on . 
   github ( not sure if it is unbanned ) it is unbanned . 
  ukraine can rightfully ban them from entering or even start a trial if they ever enter controlled parts of ukraine . 
  but is ordinary people crossing uncontrolled border really worth any kind of attention from interpol ? 
  i think this would heavily undermine interpol . 
  interpol is about serious crimes like murder , terrorism , money laundering . 
  illegally crossing the border does n't even pose public threat per se , especially when this border can not be controlled at all . 
  for example , there are quite a lot of people in russia who have relatives in crimea . 
  in order to cross the border legally , they have to go to mainland ukraine , get a permission , and enter from there , which is a lot of pain . 
  i do n't think i can really judge those who do n't do than under these circumstances . 
   hopefully they also get interpol ban . 
  should everyone visiting crimea , abkhazia , norther cyprus , east jerusalem also get an interpol ban ? 
  i intentionally did n't use `` trans woman '' , because the reason for hatred is mostly about different clothing and behavior , so a transvestite , while not being transgender , can also receive such a hateful reaction . 
  i think it absolutely has something to do . 
  transgender people are frequently targeted by homophobia as well , because people who do n't know the details do n't make distinction between gender identity and sexual orientation . 
  i often see homophobic comments like `` fucking faggot '' used against men ( in biologic sense ) dressed in women 's clothing . 
  yes . 
  but the future is hard to predict . 
   everybody tends to forget that russians experienced outright genocide by communist too unfortunately , some russians tend to forget that too . 
  mostly from donations . 
  he has a sufficient amount of supporters to maintain some activity . 
  in this link , views towards stalin are : 39 % positive , 30 % neutral , 20 % negative . 
  this is not `` genuinely like '' , but i feel that 39 % positive views is 39 % too much . 
  also , 45 % think that sacrifices during the stalin 's rule can be justified to a limited extent , and 57 % are against calling him a state criminal . 
   considering he was tight with upper echelons with putin 's cartel before doing about-face huh ? 
  when was that ? 
  you know the difference between ethnicity , citizenship and place of residence , do n't you ? 
  the scots can live wherever in the world . 
  i honestly have no idea how and when this will happen , if ever . 
  but i find the idea that russians ( or any other nation for that case ) are inherently incapable of changing very dangerous and disgusting . 
  it promotes the idea of national inferiority . 
  there is no process . 
  < ...  russians genuinely like stalin that 's the result of the russian media influence in the latest years . 
  in 2001 , more people viewed him negatively than positively . 
  so there is process . 
  at the moment , it 's a negative one though . 
  so there are no scottish people living in england and english people living in scotland ? 
  we have * exactly the same * justification for censorship in russia . 
  i believe even the wording is almost identical . 
   ukraine donated this region for over 20 years - annual donation in 2013 was - 7b usd . 
  are you surely want them ? 
  it is more then chechnya - it is 5 checnyas ) ) ) at this point it does n't even matter how much they were donated . 
  the situation there is significantly worse than it used to be , they need a ton of resources to recover from the damage . 
  i 'm pretty sure / u/yasenfire is not on the payroll . 
  he has been around for a while . 
   vk can be replaced with facebook itself all but for one feature : free pirated music one more point . 
  facebook 's ui is absolutely horrible . 
  i just ca n't understand how people can use this shit . 
   but if you block a whole communication infrastructure because you believe it to be compromised and communications passing through it being used against you , that 's within the scope of what i 'd expect a state to do . 
  that ' a legit national security issue . 
  if you have anything secret to share , you should assume that the infrastructure is compromised by default and use secure methods of communication . 
  sharing air defense plans by gmail or fb should never be tolerated as well . 
  considering my own messages , fuck any government that thinks they should be able to control how i do this , and no `` national security '' bullshit is able to convince me otherwise . 
  i 'm perfectly fine without their meddling . 
   to everyone that calling this `` it 's a prelude to internet censorship '' and other things . 
  reminder , de facto we are in war with russia we had it like that :  to everyone that calling this `` it 's a prelude to internet censorship '' and other things . 
  reminder , this is only to protect children and fight terrorism . 
  once you are fine with the government meddling with the internet , they will do it more and more . 
   each of them runs a personal risk when going there not really , this demonstration has been approved by the authorities . 
  google translate has become really good lately ( at least for russian ) . 
  i often need to translate several pages of boring reports , and now gt is able to translate them with almost sufficient quality , only a few tweaks are required . 
  the target audience of this protest is most definitely not foreigners . 
  and how exactly would roman alphabet help with understanding russian ? 
  it definitely is n't for russia , for example . 
  according to their information , 93.6 % of adults here have less than $ 10k . 
  almost any kind of housing is more than $ 10k . 
  probably just a wrong number for this particular bar . 
  hm , almost never ? 
  navalny gets money from our government due to echr decisions every year . 
  i ca n't remember a single time when he won and the decision was totally ignored . 
  the most controversial one is when echr decided that his sentence is not just , then it was cancelled , but then a new sentence identical to the previous one was made . 
  i wonder how christopher hitchens would have reacted to this ... one the points against the vlogger was that he `` formed an opinion that obscurantism and despotism reign in russia '' . 
  the judge kinda proved this point for him . 
  at least , i 'm glad he has n't been thrown in jail . 
  he has suffered enough for nothing . 
  being born in russia was n't my choice , you know . 
  i have never voted for putin and never supported his foreign policy . 
  am i responsible just because i happen to live here ? 
  what else am i expected to do ? 
  start a revolution and go to jail ? 
  this idea of collective responsibility is ridiculous . 
  a magnificent rocket , 78 consecutive launches without a failure . 
  i care , it makes me a little bit envious . 
  maybe it is a revelation to you , but there are good orthodox priests who follow their faith and actually help other people instead of enjoying luxury . 
  especially in small settlements . 
  as far as i understand , turkey , as a member of the council of europe , has also ratified this protocol . 
  i wonder whether it means that turkey will immediately lose its membership in the council if they decide to reinstate capital punishment . 
  why kremlin ? 
  net neutrality in russia is not in a bad shape ( at least yet ) . 
  while there are no laws protecting it , the federal antimonopoly service has published a `` base document on net neutrality '' which manifests the basic principles of net neutrality . 
  first , the soviet union was based on lenin 's interpretation of marx 's works , hence its ideology is called marxism -- leninism .
