now that 's a typical eastern european comment, 
  can into space for sure, 
  run forest ! ... i mean j\u00dcrgen !, 
  and all of that just a day after the `` humanitatian aid '' convoy entered the country . 
  anyone actually surprised by that ? 
  russias covert actions not so covert . 
  posting anything from a russian news station has a foul taste to anybody interested in unbiased news . 
  not buying any of that bullcrap . 
  thats two days ago . 
  recent developments show there will in fact be a convoy . 
  though it seems to be in agrement with washington , berlin and kyiv . 
  a first comment like this seems to be an effective troll-repellent, 
  from here on * grabbing some popcorn and sit back, 
  op must deliver !, 
  aww common , hes gotten pretty close to accurately portraying russias recent actions , did n't he ? 
  its not like he gave putin an hitlerstach and a burning rainbowflag while slicing a ukrainian flag in half . 
  that would be shameless eu propaganda . 
  this is too smart to be shameless . 
  we 'd never , now take of your holzschuhe and go to bed ... but not before smoking a fat joint, 
  alot of ppl said it already : netherlands followed by finnland . 
  relaxed , friendly and generally smart people . 
  although the dutch make fun of us alot . 
  it hurts , man . 
  good idea . 
  come join the reich . 
  tasty tasty oil moneys . 
  sry for the misspelled word . 
  like it matters if they are 100 or 1000 in the video . 
  the total amount of light and heavy armor is by far more than they could have ever captured not to mention been able to use it properly . 
  a couple here and there , not whole batallions . 
  but im sure rt has an explainantion for that as well . 
  oh my god , not finnland !, 
  no srsly though , should n't finnland be on the right edge of this image ? 
  seriously though . 
  germans love their bread and it is nearly impossible to find comparable quality in the states . 
  if you want to make her a hugh favor you could try to find a bakery that can bake german style bread, 
  i was a german exchange stundet just last year in the states . 
  i enjoyed shooting a gun :d, 
  judging by your username you clearly are on the opposite ? 
  awwww yeah . 
  id love that final . 
  both teams so stronk, 
  thats because they kicked portugals teams ass already, 
  used to be up until the 70s . 
  then it moved away from coal and steel to high end engineering for maschines and car parts . 
  these companies are mostly larger middle class and are to a great extent located in the south in baden w\u00fcttemberg ( audi , mercedes , porsche ) and bavaria . 
  im not from bavaria, 
  - strongest economy in germany - distinct but most famous culture ( all you see on tv about german stereotypes are actually bavarian stereotypes ) - oktoberfest, 
  ** germoney ** - worry about everything even if things are good already - on the business side : strive for improvement anytime ( i guess thats why our engineering is quiet good ) - dont admit you are proud of your country or a patriot . 
  you ll be viewed as a nazi faster than you can count to 88 - whine about everything any time of the day - if you ve got nothing to whine about ... whine about whining people - bavarians a a superior people and just stay with the germans so the csu can exert influence on berlin politics - beer is good - bread is also good - our football team played like shit if they didnt score at least 4 goals ( \u00d6zil will suck whatever he does ) - european overlords : austerity !!!, 
  - w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk, 
  i lold hard, 
  this guy again, 
  holy european empire of german nations ? 
  someone ? 
  we are talking civ here so id say the special unit should be the troika . 
  you buy it with faith and it goes around spreading austerity +5 gold and -2 happines per city . 
  lategame you get the eurofighterjet . 
  i wasnt asking for definite answers . 
  just some informed opinions on what other / r/europe users think . 
  courious how other people interpret the moves made by putin . 
  thats more what is was looking for . 
  yes , i agree . 
  invasion would be highly unlikely, 
  why would he do that ? 
  some thinkers here who could draw out possible reasons ? 
  did he get what he wanted ? 
  i dont see that . 
  did he equip them seperatists well enough to believe they can handle the situation ? 
  he reminds me of goebbels right before the invasion of poland . 
  experts have calculated ... guess the same experts that came up with a total of 139 % for the last russian elections . 
  love this , if it wasnt for the thread a mislead population can pose on europe i would regard this as great entertainment . 
  dear morgan , stop freeriding !, 
  why ask who shot ? 
  does it really matter ? 
  look at the building . 
  there are barricades infront . 
  so this is a building held by the seperatists . 
  why on earth do old ladies sit in front of such a building ??? 
  from the footage you can see that one rocket must have hit the center of the barricade . 
  the bystanders and tree on the other side of the road must have been hit by shrapnel or some other pieces while the poor old ladies and the guy in the red/white shirt were direktly hit by the impact . 
  look where they are all kind of `` piled up '' . 
  they were thrown there by the blast . 
  i call human shield on this one !, 
  i wouldnt even doubt it was a hit by the ukrainian army . 
  why is nobody asking freaking why a bunch of old ladies sits behind these barricades in a besieged city ? 
  they kind of had it coming to them . 
  and niether have gas/oil nor a russian military base on their soil . 
  their funniest slogan by far is '' overcoming content '' . 
  in german that would be `` inhalte \u00fcberwinden '' . 
  it is so funny because both of these words are top ranked word for politicians to use when trying to avoid actual content . 
  adding them together like that give it a serious tone . 
  its just perfect . 
  i just got back from the debate and have to say i am highly disappointed . 
  first of all the moderators did a horrible job at cutting of the candaidates , changing the questions from the audience , not letting every canditate answer these questions . 
  the debate itself was suprisingly content free . 
  waste of my time, 
  ive been to finnland quiet often in my life and i have to say tehy are extremly nice people . 
  reserved in the beginning but if you get to know them they are much more outgoing and crazy than germans or dutch . 
  aaaand , to join in on the general consensus here .
