alright time to unsub from this place . 
  it 's become insufferable recently . 
  http://blog.nohatespeechmovement.org/building-an-understanding-of-hate-crime-in-romania/ ah yes i forgot about the hate crime free utopia of romania . 
  you 're oblivious mate . 
  just because you have n't personally heard of it , does n't mean that it does n't happen where you live . 
  if you read the article above , you 'll probably realise why you 've not heard of it happening . 
  truly , no matter where you live , if you believe your nation has no instances of specific crimes as broad as hate crime and violence relating to hate crime , you are hopelessly naive and ignorant . 
  what you have just attempted to say is the equivalent of a sticking your fingers in your ears and shouting ` la la la i ca n't hear you ' . 
  you 're buying into this sensationalistic ass fuckery and you ca n't even summon up the erudition to pretend to believe that you 're right . 
  as you were, 
  sensationalist bollocks , shit like this happened before the brexit and will continue to happen . 
  the uk does not have a monopoly on hate crimes and xenophobia , stop pretending you have the moral high ground . 
  people saying to boycott visits to the country are fucking delusional , this happens where you live too, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's about employment in general rather than what they graduate in . 
  i bet the vast majority are employed in a field not related to what they graduated in . 
  that 's what i thought , on your way you numpty, 
  it 's completely irrelevant . 
  stop being a retard - if the majority was significant it would be a different case . 
  for just 4 percent to change everything when the decision in question is this substantial is beyond words . 
  nevermind the fact that 16 year olds did n't get to vote like they did in scotland 's referendum when this decision affects them the most . 
  this referendum is an absolute farce . 
  whats that got to do with anything ? 
  i 'm saying that the overwhelming majority of people in scotland wanted to stay , but will be forced out because the overwhelming majority in the rest of the country did n't , therefore their vote doesnt matter - it 's not democratic . 
  this is majoritarian , it 's mob rule . 
  the voice of the scottish people will go unheard because the english shouted louder - this is not democracy . 
   because for now , the uk is out and i hope this is made clear on tuesday . 
   the stakes were clear , blame yourselves . 
  who the fuck do you think i 've been blaming ? 
  on the political stage i feel like a complete purification of politicians would send a greater message . 
  seems to be dominating the papers at the moment . 
  the polls put remain ahead . 
  the polls you linked ( they 're both the same poll in case you didnt realise ) are based on 1000 people . 
  polls are bollocks, 
  like i said , tends to be the case , not always . 
  i think cardiff voted remain because they appreciate how much the eu 's money turned the place around . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  but it 's not like neglecting votes is uncommon in the eu , look at what happened to the proposed eu constitution . 
  that essentially got reintroduced as the treaty of lisbon , despite the eu constitution being overwhelmingly rejected . 
  as you said , the referendums are only advisory , they are not binding . 
  the decision is huge had should never have fallen solely only a mob rule vote in a referendum , never mind a 4 percent difference . 
  this can not be left entirely to the people , because the people are fucking stupid . 
  look at this shit , it 's [ depressing ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jun/25/view-wales-town-showered-eu-cash-votes-leave-ebbw-vale ) [ i just ca n't ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/wales/2016-06-24/why-did-the-south-wales-valleys-vote-to-leave-the-eu/ ) [ i get angry the more i look ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-36619410 ), 
  yes it often is the case with poor and disenfranchised areas . 
  i remember reading that areas with little to no immigration tend to be more anti immigration that areas with high immigration . 
  i ca n't recall a general election that could be directly linked to this much shit , but i understand your point . 
  how is a second referendum undemocratic ? 
  people clearly want it , and if it were to happen , it 's not like the leave option would disappear . 
  that has pretty much been me the past few days . 
   the only difference is that the consequences are more immediately visible because of that . 
  such a massive decision should not be down to a 4 percent mob rule vote . 
  i have friends studying for uni who 's courses are up in the air . 
  the supplier for the company i work for locked our account the day of the results due to the exchange rate . 
  it 's absolutely insane . 
  just three days after and shit is being funneled into the fan . 
  i sort of agree with noel gallagher for once . 
  something like this should not have been left solely to the people because [ people are fucking stupid ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jun/25/view-wales-town-showered-eu-cash-votes-leave-ebbw-vale ) . 
  it 's not like a second referendum is undemocratic . 
  people clearly want it , and if people absolutely still want to leave given the shitshow that has happened , they can vote leave again . 
  of course , but i think that 's because people were ignorant of the ramifications . 
  many people who voted leave are openly saying that they wish they had n't because the leave campaign made a lot of points that were just utter lies ( like the 350 million figure ) , that they thought their vote would not count as it was just a protest vote , that they didnt understand how bad things would be after witnessing the sterling and stocks tumble , scotland and northern ireland threatening their own referendums etc etc people have been calling polling stations asking if they can change their bloody vote . 
  the petition for a second referendum has become the largest government petition on the sites history . 
  i signed it about an hour ago and since then it 's had a hundred thousands signatures and its still rising fast . 
  i can only hope that this happens, 
  and how would that work , exactly ? 
  * if * it is activated, 
   if your government decide to ignore the referendum , expect the eu to say that the cost of it will be the end of the british exceptions aside from the euro , i 'd be happy with that . 
  no , that 's factually incorrect . 
  the vast majority of mp 's backed [ remain ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35616946 ) 4 percent dude . 
  the petition for a second referendum has nearly 3 million signatures , it 's the biggest government petition in the site 's history . 
  done , sorry - its because i could n't figure out how to make it a single quote in formatting if i added paragraphs , 
  why ? 
  it 's the current leadership that have done this . 
  the nation 's politicians will be seen as a laughing stock if they back out now - it 's the wake up call that they deserve - that they are not as important as they think they are . 
  if the brexiters fail to go through with everything , or even * do * go ahead with everything it will be political suicide , the torch has been passed on and it is burning beyond control - i do n't think many people will want to grab it . 
  boris and gove certainly do n't . 
  nearly half the fucking country 's electorate realise the need for the eu . 
  the referendum is advisory , not binding . 
  there was just a 4 percent difference in the vote . 
  farage himself prior to the referendum said if the result was [ 48/52 it would be ` unfinished business ' ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/nigel-farage-eu-referendum_uk_576e6585e4b08d2c56393f12 ) . 
  leavers are openly admitting they did so as protest votes thinking they would not count , out of sheer ignorance to the consequences , having believed the lies of farage , johnson and co. 
  it will be glorious . 
  this country needs to be dragged through the dirt and humiliated to give it a fucking reality check . 
  you should like it . 
  if that happens the conglomerate of morons who supported a leave will be left in complete and utter embarrassment . 
  the eu will be shown to not be as useless as it is incorrectly made out to be . 
  i saw this excellent post from another user ;  if boris johnson looked downbeat yesterday , that is because he realises that he has lost . 
  perhaps many brexiters do not realise it yet , but they have actually lost , and it is all down to one man : david cameron . 
  with one fell swoop yesterday at 9:15 am , cameron effectively annulled the referendum result , and simultaneously destroyed the political careers of boris johnson , michael gove and leading brexiters who cost him so much anguish , not to mention his premiership . 
  how ? 
  throughout the campaign , cameron had repeatedly said that a vote for leave would lead to triggering article 50 straight away . 
  whether implicitly or explicitly , the image was clear : he would be giving that notice under article 50 the morning after a vote to leave . 
  whether that was scaremongering or not is a bit moot now but , in the midst of the sentimental nautical references of his speech yesterday , he quietly abandoned that position and handed the responsibility over to his successor . 
   and as the day wore on , the enormity of that step started to sink in : the markets , sterling , scotland , the irish border , the gibraltar border , the frontier at calais , the need to continue compliance with all eu regulations for a free market , re-issuing passports , brits abroad , eu citizens in britain , the mountain of legistlation to be torn up and rewritten ... the list grew and grew . 
  the referendum result is not binding . 
  it is advisory . 
  parliament is not bound to commit itself in that same direction . 
  the conservative party election that cameron triggered will now have one question looming over it : will you , if elected as party leader , trigger the notice under article 50 ? 
   who will want to have the responsibility of all those ramifications and consequences on his/her head and shoulders ? 
   boris johnson knew this yesterday , when he emerged subdued from his home and was even more subdued at the press conference . 
  he has been out-maneouvered and check-mated .
