  i ca n't say how it 's across eu , but in slovenia milk is pasteurised by uht ( ultra high temperature ) that destroy majority of bacteria and enclosed in a sterilised container . 
  as much as i know there are no chemical used for stabilization . 
  in my experience young people who moved because of study or job they sometimes do n't know how to label themselves so they 're just europeans . 
  i have a friend who works in toursim where i live ( slovenia ) and he hates groups of chinese tourists . 
  as he says is if there is a couple , or a small group from china they can be wonderful . 
  they are respectful and nice . 
  when a big group comes they are a bunch of assholes . 
  they do n't know how to behave and they think they own everything and everything not nailed down gets taken by them in hotel . 
  maybe some of that hatred comes from this . 
  not that this warrants it, 
   in modern cities the milk is chemically pasteurised ( with chemical `` stabilisers '' ) , that allows the milk to shit on a shelf for 3 weeks . 
  where is this and what kind of chemicals are you talking about ? 
  and those god forsaken dutch do n't know we also had civil war and massacres . 
  i always wondered why it was called hofer and not aldi but never bother to check . 
  now i know . 
  thank you very much . 
  the problem is that many muslim born in europe are radicalized in europe . 
  first step is to ban all financing from middle east , then every imam that is moving even slightly towards radicalization is then revoked citizenship , vizum and moved to ksa , quatar ... 
  i belive more people are pronounced dead in hospitals so the number increases with time elapsed . 
  one of the theories i heard is that it was done by a right wing slovenians to try to bring hate between the people . 
  i just hope they find people responsible for this and they get punished by law . 
  yeah he 's an asshole . 
  even in r/slovenia he 's hated . 
  i was not scarred of gun owners shooting up people . 
  just the thought of guns is a bit scary to me . 
  had a chance to shoot one once , was awesome , they just seem so powerful as they can easily take a person life . 
  wow that 's so cool and also a bit scary . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  i have a question you might answer . 
  a friend once told me that czech people can get a license to carry their gun everywhere , stores , restaurants etc. 
  similar to some states in usa . 
  is this true ? 
  i ca n't say for other countries , but here in slovenia plenty of germans fled themselves because of fear of retributions . 
  parts of slovenia went trough some tough times under german occupation and so the germans feared that people will retribute after war . 
  partly that was true as some captured german people were later killed in after war killings . 
  one of my good frirends went to ireland as exchange student . 
  he 's not a heavy drinker . 
  he said when he drank with irish people he outdrank a lot of them . 
  so i do n't know what to think . 
  i guess you have n't traveled a lot have you ? 
  some vending machines have better coffe then some places . 
  slovenia : you donate blood for free . 
  the day you donate , you can get off work . 
  years back that was 2 days off . 
  after donating you get a free meal . 
  it depends where you donate . 
  if i donate at my home city i get a hot dog or sausage or something similar and some other stuff ( coffe , tea ... ) . 
  if i donate at ljubljana i get sandwich ( you can take more of them ) , coffe/tea , fruts ... you do get some acknowledgment when you donate many times . 
  but in my knowledge thats about it . 
  well when we milk the cows , we boil ? 
  we put it in a dish and over fire and when it starts to rise/boil we turn the fire off . 
  if we buy some uht milk , we usually buy 3,5 % one . 
  so no i do n't see major difference in taste . 
  only difference i see is at home we feed cows a little differently and smell of the milk is nicer . 
  thats the only difference . 
  thats what i thought , because i do n't see the difference in taste between the uht milk and the one we make at home . 
  so do you know is the milk straight from the cow or is it anyway thermicaly treated ? 
  and if it 's not thermicaly treated do you do it at home or just drink the milk like that ? 
  i 'm asking because we have cows at home and we always thermicaly treat the milk so some bacteria dies . 
  the milk last a couple of days until it goes bad . 
  he said vibrant city . 
  ljubljana almost dies after midnight . 
  slovenia has prekmurje region , where dialect is quite strong and if i listen to some people from region speak it it can be difficult to understand it . 
  [ here is wiki page about it . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prekmurje_dialect ) then there is koro\u0161ka region , where there are some difficult to understand dialects . 
  i once heard grandma and her granddaughter speak some variation of the dialect and i can honestly say i understood every 3rd to 4th word , and i was in the room with them . 
  the funny thing to me is that in a country so small and with population of only 2 million people , we have so many dialects and sometimes we can barley understand each other . 
  [ but for informative purposes here is the wiki page for slovenian dialects if anyone is interested . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovene_dialects ), 
  of course i think my own , slovenia one , is the best . 
  [ just the translations of slovene , italian , hungarian , english , german , french , spanish and croatian of our lyrics . 
  ] ( http://www.vlada.si/en/about_slovenia/political_system/national_insignia/text_of_the_slovenian_national_anthem_in_different_languages/ ), 
  you said years . 
  and if you do n't want to take a blame for things you posted stop posting shit . 
  slovenia realy had years of war and internal strife . 
  the 10 day war we had with yugoslavia was obviously just a misdirection from years of war we had with aliens . 
  if you do n't know your history just shut up please . 
  yes you could be right . 
  young people are stupid and very deceptible . 
  with some stronger showing of nationalism in slovenia they might be showing `` support '' to slovenia . 
  it 's still fucking strange . 
  i was born in 87 so i was living in yugoslavia only 3 years . 
  no big yugoslavian broadcaster , no books , no newspapers , nothing . 
  it was just natural to me . 
  it did n't seemd different . 
  slovenian was taught in schools , with serbo-croatian as well . 
  it was offical language . 
  yes i was born in yugoslavia , but i had my first contact with croatian language when i was 10 and understood 90 % of it . 
  but the strange thing to me is that half population of slovenia go to croatia on vacation and still some young people have trouble with croatian language . 
  even more strange thing is that a lot of croatians do n't or sometimes seems like do n't want to understand our language . 
  as a slovene i can understand all the south slavic languages easily . 
  czech and slovak are a bit harder but if speaking little bit slowly i understand almost everything . 
  polish is very , very hard for me . 
  even if speaking slowly i understand very little . 
  for other slavic languages i unfortunately never had a chance to encounter them . 
  to me the funny thing is that when i speak to some of the younger slovenes a lot of them do n't understand south slavic languages . 
  my cousin of 15 years can barely understand croatian and a lot of his friends are the same . 
  sometimes i wonder how is that even possible . 
  i know people who ca n't say a word in croatian but at least they understand almost everything . 
  goveja juha tenstan krompir , goveje meso ( i would think this is our traditional food on sunday ) , \u017eganci , matev\u017e kislo zelje/repa in pe\u010denica , prekmurksa gibanica .
