  the problem is we got the plane years ago , it was bought for no apparent reason , people got angry , then it was put on sale , was rented out , now it was waiting in hangar for some time . 
  people are upset , because they say it would be cheaper flying with some airline , minister says it 's cheaper his way . 
  if nobody wants to buy it , then let them fly it . 
  * our former pm , now convicted for crimes , is again mouthing off about comunism and shit and stuff . 
  he also did n't want to shut up about some other stuff but who carres about his stupid ugly assholeface . 
  shut the fuck up you fucking criminal asshole . 
  go to the fucking jail already and suck some cock . 
  * some guy killed his girlfriend and then himself . 
  the problem is , she was employed in a kindergarden and he killed her on the parking loft of the kindergarden . 
  again some people were upset . 
  * our biggest store merkator is being sold to croatian store agrokor . 
  people are upset because we might lose jobs , local agricultur producers might lose buisness , croatian products might overflow our market . 
  and there are allegations that our current pm might be involved into the sale , but she says she 's not . 
  apparently 70 % of slovenians are against selling merkator to a croatia company . 
  * parliament agreed on selling 15 state companies . 
  we needs ze money . 
  fucking bankers and fucking stupid pricks that stole from us . 
  * there is plenty of heavy traffic everywhere . 
  especially on roads that lead to the sea or croatia . 
  * our banks have created 41 millions of loss in first 4 months of this year . 
  * our gdp is falling . 
  * a guy who was managing one of our biggest constuction companies , destroyed it , was then charged and convicted for bribery , and does n't want to go to jail and wants to do comunity service insted , we found out that he paid out almost 9 million euros out of his falling company and hid it . 
  some workes and sub contractors lost everything while this asshole is living large . 
  i hope someone rips open his asshole . 
  slovenia : * unions of public workers are signing annexe to their contracts , because of savings to the budget . 
  * fiscal rule . 
  a rule which will supposably ban any public borrowing was voted in our parliament and will come into law as of 2015 . 
  politicans , public and experts are for and against this . 
  there was plenty of debate * in 4 months our budget spendings are already 1 billion euros bigger then our budget revenue . 
  there will be some serious budget cuts to many departments . 
  our foreign minister said that if these cuts will stand he can just close his department , because it will be pointless to have it . 
  * one of managers of one of our biggest construction company that went bust and lost millions , was charged for all sorts of things , got convicted was somehow relesed from jail , because of someone who forgot to renew ( or something ) her stay in jail card . 
  so everyone got upset . 
  then everyone got more upset because she kinda did n't show up when they said she has to come back to jail . 
  then people were searching for her , premier and her cabinet of ministers were all looking for someone to blaim , prosecution office was looking for someone to blaim , there was public outcry , but in the end we found her . 
  or she turned hereself in . 
  * the former mayor of our second biggest city maribor , franc kanler , was convicted for act of corruption , to 7 months in jail . 
  there will probably some more appeals before offical conviction and jail . 
  * amnesty international said some major issues are still around when it comes to dealings with roma people and some other stuff . 
  ( my personal oppion here is as long as you do n't live with them as your neighbours and you do n't have to have everything bolted down , locked and under guard of dogs , you 're afraid to go out at night because you can get attacked , robbed and run over by some drunk 12 year old behind wheels , then keep your mouth shut . ), 
  * parliament voted for a law about '' [ the erased ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_erased ) '' it was about how much damages they will get ... 
  there will probably be a big debate about this as well . 
  * secondary school seniors ( 4th years ) had a quadrille . 
  it was fun , what was not fun was watching them get drunk later that night and all the trash they left behind in the cities . 
  they have the most championships , but it 's still news . 
  slovenia and the news are : 1 . 
  we will get higher value added tax with july . 
  one will go from 20 % to 22 and the lower one from 8,5 to 9 % . 
  we wo n't get `` depression tax '' , so that 's good . 
  we will privatize some state companies , government say there will be 15 of them . 
  of course there are experts who are for this and against this and there was lots and lots of debate about it . 
  government and a union of state workers , still have n't made an agreemant about lowering wages or possibly even fireing some people . 
  it will probably happen next week . 
  our second biggest political party had election for their president . 
  jan\u0161a won as the only candidate and had a speech where he said his party is the only soverign party in slovenia , also communist are bad , wild privatization in the past that left concequences now etc. 
  apparently special state prosectuion office are examining 77 people for financial irregularity . 
  in european road safety week there were 4 death on roads . 
  * we had drunk driver killing 2 19-year old girls . 
  they caught him , when he returned to the scene of the crime for the license plate he lost . 
  * there were a couple of drivers driving in the wrong way on motorway . 
  in one incident an inocent guy was killed . 
  * there were debates what we can do to stop this stupid killings . 
  in other ( sport ) news , nk maribor ( football club ) are champions , in hockey slovenia had absolutely no luck and lost all the games on iihf ice hockey world championship . 
  this are the main news and there is probably more , but if i got into details i could write a book . 
  that is something someone with knowledge greater than mine will have to tell you . 
  but it 's a good question . 
  if this will go into law and you ca n't call it por\u0161ek anymore then maybe dalmatian sweet wine or something . 
  yes that is true , but it started with slovenian wine makers who demanded withdrawal of croatian teran from slovenian stores , because legaly only they can produce wine called teran . 
  then all of a suden all hell broke loose . 
  well as for teran . 
  slovenia has geographicaly protected the name teran , so officialy only wine makers in slovenia can use that name . 
  the same thing is happening to countless other products all across the europe . 
  when we decided to geographicaly protect that name , croatia had all the right to complain against it , but they did n't . 
  so now our government has to make a deal with them . 
  if they did n't bother then , why do they want to know ? 
  it 's because they ca n't legaly sell croatian teran in slovenia . 
  they are losing money . 
  they will still be able to make the wine , they just could n't trade it under the name prosek . 
  at least not in stores and restaurants . 
  well we sold 3,5 billion worth of bonds , but the good thing is there was inquiry/demand . 
  the bad thing is that moody lowered our ratings significantly 2 days prior to selling and that was seriously fucked up . 
  even some foreign news sources said that . 
  this week there was may 1st , workers day so there was a lot of talk about worker abouse , unemployment etc. 
  then there was introduction of fiscal rule ( read as we do n't know if we when we will accept it ) , we wo n't make that 3 % of budget deficiency rule so we do n't know if the european commision will allow this , they say it depends on the reforms we will make . 
  there is probably more but i ca n't remember right now . 
  what did they gave up ? 
  a problem that should be done by act of sucsession ? 
  yes the croatian people lost a lot of money , but i do n't know why they do n't ask the money back from all the property that was put as a security for the loans . 
  there were hundreds of millions that was lost by the bank there . 
  they are usually stopped from being sold by stores themselves , because they want everything perfect so that customers will feel like buying there or something similar psychologial thing . 
  but to my knowledge we do n't have anything this drastic . 
  yes some mothers overdress their children , mostly because it 's their 1st child and they still care a lot . 
  we wear slippers indoors , because floor is cold and i do n't want to dirty my socks . 
  in summer in trola bus , if there is no air condition windows are open , not closed . 
  people open windows , at home and in offices . 
  and i have friends from croatia and i have never seen anyone be and do anything so drastic as described in blog . 
  some started to wear shorts and t-shirt sooner than i have . 
  no , no elections this year . 
  at least not planned . 
   and let 's not forget that foreign banks had tried to buy nlb in the past and the takeovers failed because of public outcry .
