  the slovenians clearly wanted it this way and they should now deal with the consequences , by reducing welfare . 
  well at the time people tought that keeping the bank in majority state ownership was the best thing . 
  there were some talks about selling it whole , but nothing came of it . 
   you should not dismiss the possibility that , once slovenia 's debt level reaches the 60 % mark and your wealth shrinks further , that the people will elect a radical government . 
  funny you mention it . 
  right now there is a right leaning government . 
  with `` bad bank '' and state holding and the recent relese of a report by a anti corrupiton commision , that showed jan\u0161a is corrupt asshole ( the same goes for the opposition `` leader '' ) government is seriously losing its support . 
  right now the most popular party is a left leaning and if there were election right now we would get left leaning government . 
   does it have to take the results of the referendum into account ? 
  in almost every modern democracy the referendum is only a strong advice to the government , it 's not mandatory for it to implement it . 
  the socialists should 've shown some balls and ignored the results . 
  or it should 've made a better campaign to convince the populate to vote in favor of the law . 
  because they did neither of this , i 'm convinced that they did n't want to go ahead with austerity anyway ( since it 's against socialist ideology , for which i understand them ) , and wanted to redirect the responsibility back at the people . 
  it goes like this . 
  first there is a law accepted by parliament . 
  if people think it 's bad there are two ways for the law to go to referendum . 
  first way is if 30 members of parliament sign a thing and then referendum is a go . 
  second one is if a party , group ... collects 40.000 signatures . 
  when there is a referendum it 's mandatory whatever the result is . 
  government can accept same law after 1 year wait and there are some process for accepting it ( i think , do n't quote me on it ) . 
  on our referendum in the previous government opposition leader , jan\u0161a , was really fighting them . 
  there was no chance for them at that time . 
  he was just to much power hungry . 
   i have no idea why you elected the prime minister of that same government to be your president now . 
  it 's like electing a person who has clearly failed at everything . 
  another proof the slovenians are politically immature . 
  well he was a good candidate , with an excellent public campaign and with a support from right and left . 
  especially when the candidate from the right completely burned in first round . 
  he was ok . 
  he was fighting for the reformes very hard , but jan\u0161a had the support from all the sides . 
  from press and church , so pahor burned down . 
  as for politically immaturity . 
  that is true . 
  we have members of parliament who have proven cheated on ther education papers ( like diplomas and stuff ) , who are charged for crimes and still they do n't wa n't to resign from parliament . 
  hell our pm was just accused of haveing 300.000 euros he ca n't explain where they come from and major of ljubljana has 2.400.000 euros he ca n't explain . 
  we elect mayors , politician etc. 
  who are corrupt , steal , lie , and many more . 
  yet nothing happens . 
   and that 's why there 's people rioting in the streets . 
  they genuinely do n't understand that it 's impossible to run a socialist entitlement-based society to the extent that they do within today 's economical reality , and if anyone tries to get that through their thick fucking skulls , they 're screwed . 
  so we just have to accept to have so many right taken away from us ? 
  and the rioting , or i should say protest that were happening now were against the corrupt government . 
  people are fed up of this politicians stealing and nothing happening to them . 
   oh , and you forgot to mention the entire country still has severe ptsd from wwii , the yugoslav era and the independence `` war '' . 
  it 's mostly politicians stirring up ancient shit , but it still gets people to follow an ideology based on a 70 year-old conflict instead of deciding based on today 's issues . 
  this gets heated up always when there is a distraction needed for politicians . 
  the ptsd from ww2 is because there were traitors and there were partisans . 
  they want to equalize them both as a fighters for slovenia . 
  one was collaborating with agressor , one was fighting them . 
  i see a huge difference . 
  the yugoslav era is when the communism comes . 
  a lot of people on the right today is saying that communist are opressing them and shit . 
  then the church comes with their comments about communist and shit hits the fan . 
  but i do n't know anything about indipendance war . 
  can you explain ? 
   i think that , in the past few years ( ever since the economic crisis began ) , the slovenian people have shown that they have no understanding of economic realities . 
  i do n't know if their elites do , maybe the author is right and they 're clueless as well , but there 's no doubt that the people should not be asked about economic matters for some time . 
  in that sense , the current government is doing the right thing . 
  we have not shown understanding of economic realities ? 
  our `` elites '' as you call them robbed us . 
  banks loaned huge amount of money to friends and when the recession came they could n't pay it back . 
  now we , the taxpayers - workers , have to pay for them . 
  fuck this shit . 
  we are sucking up to some foreign banks and markets when we could easily pull iceland . 
  and the auther is slavoj \u017di\u017eek . 
  look it up . 
   let 's see what has happenned in slovenia . 
  in 2008 the slovenian gdp fell 10 % and ever since then it 's been in recession . 
  that is true . 
  we 've been in the recession for a while and will be for some more time . 
   they also had elections that year and elected a socialist government that promissed to keep the welfare state alive . 
  in our constitution article 2 says : slovenia is a state governed by the rule of law and a social state . 
  so why should n't they keep the welfare state alive ? 
   despite the economic situation the slovenians even today get a 13th salary , unemployment benefits , benefits for the unemployed spouse , child benefits , free healthcare , free education , students get to work with reduced taxes etc. 
  i 'm really questioning what is the bad thing here ? 
   the largest companies and banks are still in domestic hands despite horrible performance , and whenever a foreign party is interested in buying them , the slovenian government rallies and rejects the offer . 
  the largest companies in the goverment hands do work fine . 
  it 's the banks that sucks . 
  a couple of years we did sell a share in nlb , but wanted to keep the majority share . 
  maybe that was a mistake . 
  the rallies and rejections as you desribe them are usually made by the people . 
  why you ask ? 
  because we have seen when some foreign company buys our company , that makes profit , fires most of employees , moves the production lines to some other company and does n't give a shit about us . 
  unfortunately our own companies are now doing this more often . 
   the `` bad loans '' story mentioned in this article is a clear consequence of the nlb being in government hands . 
  as i said before . 
  rulling elites installed friends to the banks , they loaned huge amount of money to them and friends , they could n't returned it . 
  so that is true . 
   furthermore , slovenia is one of the few eastern european countries that has a large immigrant population , mainly of serbs and bosnians . 
  because of this cheap labour they could build their highways , new apartments and overall the whole infrastructure , for much less money than other countries which had to rely on their own workforce . 
  the slovenians today admit this . 
  when the economic crisis began , tens of thousands of immigrants lost their jobs and were forced to leave slovenia . 
  many of them did n't get paid and still today did n't get their money ( we 're talking about 3-6 months of unpaid salaries ) . 
  the disgruntled immigrants returned to their home countries , spread the word about slovenia , and the country is not as attractive anymore as it once was . 
  yes we have plenty of immigrants . 
  1 of 5 people living here is either an immigrant or descender of an immigrant . 
  we had plenty of migration workes from former yugoslavia republic , that worked on our development projects . 
  many left , but plenty have stayed . 
  i know i work in a similar field and i have been working on construction sites . 
  on the second matter of not paying a lot of them .
