  so many of the opposition were saying : how will i explain to my kid that 2 men can have a kid . 
  i think it 's pretty easy . 
  they got married , and adopted a child . 
  why do other people have to suffer just so you do n't have to explain to your stupid kid that love comes in many formes . 
  or they were saying that children of same sex marriages will get bullied and mocked in school . 
  the children will only do what they are taught at home . 
  if they were taught hatred , then that what they will spew it in public . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  people are so stupid and they can decide some really horrible and stupid stuff , so i do n't think in cases like this a majority should decide . 
  unfortunately our supreme court ( edit : it should said constitutional court , which is our highest court , but i thought some poeple would n't know what i 'm talking about so i wrote supreme court which is more known by general populace as the highest court in country because of usa and stuff ) is run by one party ( slovene democratic party ) and does whatever that party says , and they were against the law , so we had a referendum . 
  another edit : as / u/ivanmedved corrected me i should say : prejudices of the majority should n't impair the rights of the minorities . 
  slovenia is also slightly to big . 
  but i do n't mind this . 
   this way you have a day where , in theory , all family members have a free day and can spend time together . 
  but what about all those people working in stores ? 
  do n't they deserve a free day and a sunday with their family ? 
  yes that went extremely well the last time . 
  maybe sudetenland can join as well . 
  maybe if you 'd pay more in wages they could come back . 
   apart from the fact that i did n't say that it was part of italy , i said it was part of the republic of venice when tartini was born , and yes , it was assigned to yugoslavia after ww2 ( since it was part of the ftt ) . 
  i was commeting your part how it was assigned to yugoslavia after ww2 and that is not true . 
  piran was austro-hungarian . 
  piran and surronding land spoke both italian and slovenian . 
  i admit that venice and italian language had great influence on piran and neighburing cities , but after the fall of rome and subsequent arrival of slavs , the area was considered slav teritory , while cities still had byzantine rules . 
   we took it from austrians , because austrians took that from us before ( as you actually mentioned ) . 
  as i said before the area was considered slav teritory and with years of italian cities and republics influences it became very italianized . 
  records show how cities had italian majority , while slovene ( and some other languages and dialects ) were in majority in the countryside . 
  it 's similar with south tyrol , which was taken by italy with the help of treaty of london . 
  later it was heavily italianized , but they had the fortune of not being treated as a subhumans like us slovenes . 
   and that process was not after ww1 , it began when mussolini took power . 
  already in 1920 slovene cultural centre was burned down , in 1921 fascist shot at slovenes  is this the nationalistic bullshit they taught you in school ? 
  cause at the time it was under german occupation . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovene_lands_in_world_war_ii#under_fascist_italy.27s_occupation please read and learn  `` we also should have gotten trst and gorica back ''  yeah , why not , you should have also take venice and the related region while you were at it , right ? 
  trst , gorica were under austro-hungary for a long time . 
  after ww1 , italy annexed a lot of slovenian territory . 
  these were slovenian places and after ww1 and heavy italianization and forceful removal and killings of slovenes became a majority italian territories  `` yes we trew some of the italians into caves ''  yeah , of course , killing thousand of innocent civilians , throwing others in concentration camps and forcing the rest to abandon their homes is totally ok , right ? 
  after decades of abuse by italian state and army , after tens of thousands slovenes were imprisoned , forcefuly removed from their homes , had to change their names to sound more italian , forced to learn italian only , then during ww2 tens of thousands slovenes sent to concetration and work camps , killing slovene hostages , burning slovene villages , and a lot of other terror , yes there was some revenge . 
   if that 's what you think , i 'm not going to discuss with you any further . 
  you are not worth my time . 
  read up . 
  maybe you 'll learn something . 
   the city he was born in was assigned to jugoslavia after ww2 . 
  is that what they teach you in italian schools ? 
  that is the biggest lie . 
  the city was part of the habsburt-hungarian empire from 1797 . 
  after the ww1 you guys came , started to italianize whole region you took from slovenians ( or i should say at that time it was kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes ) , imprisoning teachers that taught slovene , closing slovenian schools , killing a lot of people at that time and indirectly forcing thousands of slovenians to move abroad to argentina and usa . 
  after ww2 , when we also help to kick your country asses ( from occupation of slovenia till your surrender we had huge amounts of free land , where slovene language and people were free from your soldiers terror ) , towns like piran , koper and izola were righteously put back into slovenian hands and slovene language returned to that places . 
  we also should have gotten trst and gorica back ( yugoslavian army got to that citys first and were in control of them ) but politics had them return to italy . 
  yes we trew some of the italians into caves , but thats nothing compared to all the crimes italian state and army did to us . 
  you guy say that the largest serbian city is chicago or something like that . 
  am i right ? 
  i remember as a kid how the on the night before st. nicholas day ( miklav\u017e ) parents told my brother and me we have to behave or we wo n't get any presents and parkelj will take us away . 
  every year they also told us to listen for parkelj as he is traveling around the village with his chains and a bag looking for naughty kids and every year we heard the ratlings of chains infront of our windows . 
  later i learned that parents in our villages paid some money to older kids to go around the village and rattle with chains . 
  apparently that was a tradition for many years and my grandmother was telling me how they scared her when she was little and that this was happening for generations . 
  but we ca n't have that . 
  what if they take our women for their wifes ? 
  what will that leave us ? 
  there are countless cases in warfare where one group decided to regroup after realising that some objective is not worth it , move on and decided to get them some other time . 
  that is not always a defeat . 
  i believe they decided to regroup and not bother with something that they realised was not worth their time . 
  ah the old legendary tales of croats destroying mongols , while having little to no proof of any of it . 
  i thought they ( mongols or tatars ) stopped the attack on klis not because of defeat but other reasons . 
   the mongols actually suffered their first major defeat in europe in 1242 to a croatian fortress which battle are you talking about ? 
  hears in the background slovenes pissing them self of laughter at `` except slovenia '' . 
  you would like that huh ? 
  getting all your old teritories back just so you could brag about all the medals you finnally got at the summer olympics , 
   edit : how sad is it that i need to write / s ? 
  because your comment sounds like it was written by a bigot and we ca n't exactly hear you say it . 
  so people think you are a bigot and downvote your comment . 
  did i miss slovenia medals ? 
  we already have a couple . 
  slovenia was always more connected with habsburg empire while croatian and hungarian kings ruled over both countries . 
  would n't it be more accurate if they went with croatia instead ? 
   getting drunk in a public park we do that to . 
  at least we did when i was younger . 
  if we 'd won it would be the best name for a competition . 
  but i do n't know if we can even compete with a t-84 ? 
  about 6 years ago a good friend went to italy ( udine , venice ... ) for her diploma , to find some books and talk to some professors . 
  people were asking her if we have electricity here , how she got to the italian border and in time she started to joke , how she used a donkey and how she first saw a train in italy , how we use horses and donkeys for transportation . 
  she could believe it that people living 50 km from slovenian border did n't even know we are a developed country . 
  some even did n't know where slovenia is . 
  nobody likes countries with small beaches . 
  maybe we could find an add online that could show us how to make our beaches bigger with some chinese medicine or something . 
   on the other hand we have students going to slovenia on erazmus and they love it and it kinda sounds better . 
  i hear exactly the same things from slovenians going on erazmus to slovakia , how they love it and it 's sounds better , mainly because it is a bit cheaper to live . 
   you are richer so everyone just assume that you got better it sounds strange when someone tells me we are richer , when everyone here is complaining about low wages and high costs of living . 
  i think like many other places if you have a higher paying job you can live comfortably if not it 's tougher . 
   we have only one in top 1000 universities , how much do you have ? 
  we only have 3 major universities , with one being quite young and in the local populace having reputation as being more `` easy going '' . 
  the other two ( univesity of ljubljana , universitiy of maribor ) are more respectable and better and university of ljubljana is among the top 500 the last i heard . 
   slovenia has street cred . 
  at least we have something if we do n't have the love of europeans . 
  it looks like we 're not that cool . 
  could you expalin this `` better schools '' thing . 
  i do n't have any experience with slovakian schools , but why do you think ours are better ? 
  i guess they have to go trough us to get to croatia and they hate our roads and how much we charge them for it . 
  this was a meeting with the officials of uae/dubai not some tourists walking about . 
  there was a small scandal here as some slovenians living in uae said that this right here was a big cultural offence to their officials as this was some serious inappropriate dressing . 
  they should at least cover their cleavage and have their skirts a bit longer .
