  that is just shameful . 
  i am ashamed to be slovenian when i hear that . 
  government did nothing to help them , managment gets light fines , if even that . 
  and this migration workes do come back . 
  again you 'll just have to trust me . 
  right now not in that high numbers , mainly because there is just not that much work . 
   now that the slovenians do n't have immigrants working for them anymore , they have to find money to pay for their welfare state from some other source . 
  one way was borrowing money . 
  in 2008 the debt to gdp ratio was at around 20 % , today it 's 46 % , more than double the amount !, 
  when the recession came and years after , we had to pump a couple of billions into our banks just to keep them afloat . 
  that + workers losing their jobs so no taxes comeing in meant a smaller budget . 
  we made a mistake not to start saveing emediately and there was no surplus of money from previous `` fat cows '' years meant we had to borrow money . 
   the socialist government ( elected during the crisis ) tried to execute a few reforms , but being socialist it was against their nature to do austerity without the people 's consent . 
  so there was a referendum about raising the retirement age by 2 years . 
  72 % of the voter said no . 
  then there was another referendum about reducing the tax privileges of the students that worked . 
  no it was n't against their nature . 
  if there is 40.000 signature collected , the government has to call a referendum . 
  current prime minister jan\u0161a , was back then in opposition . 
  because he wanted to get back into power he was suddenly against any and all reformes , so he got the signatures and a referendum . 
  afcourse people were against working longer , students were against tax increse for them , and the reformes failed . 
  soon after that there were a premature election , as the government fell , and guess what , jan\u0161a got the primeminister spot . 
   under the current system the students delayed finishing their studies because they paid so few taxes that , had they changed their statues from student to fulltime employee , they would get a lesser salary . 
  yes the students working law should get a reform . 
  it 's sad that the easiest way to find a job is to just inroll into some school to get the student status and only then the company will employ you , because they pay less taxes . 
  but back then when the reform was on referendum , the leader of student organization was closely tied with jan\u0161a and after elections in 2011 she got a good job in his circle . 
  so that tells you everything . 
   in 2012 , during new elections , the people again overwhelmingly voted for ( another ) socialist candidate . 
  he eventually failed to create a new government and now they have a right-wing government , which does n't ask the people anymore . 
  and it 's good that they do n't . 
  the funny thing here is that everyone thought that jan\u0161a would win easily , but he did n't . 
  jankovi\u010d , opposition leader won . 
  but unfortunately he could n't create a majority in parliament . 
  then jan\u0161a came . 
  when he wanted to start with reforms , he so vividly and bravely opposed just a couple of years ago , people were against it . 
  he acted all surprised and wtf-y , why the people wo n't agree with him . 
  he got some reformes trough the parliament , but only because all the facitons agreed . 
  then came the `` bad bank '' and holdign to parliament . 
  i am happy people are against it . 
  in the bad bank thing , we will have to pay for all the shit him and his friends created . 
  in holding thing , they want to put all the state owned companies under one managment . 
  in some westeren countries that would be awesome thing , because there would be bigger capital that could bring more money . 
  in slovenia that is a bad thing . 
  pm would install his puppets in charge and eventually , companies would be sold and certain people would get massivly rich , while we would get fucked . 
   and it 's good that they do n't . 
  our anti corruption comission last week put out a report that showed jan\u0161a has 300.00 euros of money he ca n't explain . 
  he paid for some travels , with money he ca n't explain where it came from . 
  he got an apartment in a suspicious way , so i do n't belive it 's a good thing . 
  but you do n't actually take care of yourselve if state gives you 750 euros a month . 
  here in slovenia you are lucky if you get 200 euros of stipend and not a lot of people get it . 
  but i have seen some smart hard working people get more . 
  that 's just enough for a room and maybe some food . 
  so if you really want to study hard , you ca n't work a lot part time , so your parents have to support you . 
  people living in ljubljana and maribor our two biggest universities cities , and our biggest cities , do n't move out . 
  it 's stupid . 
   being able to live and being independent is highly respected , both by young people and parents , it is a sign of adulthood may i ask , do parents contribute anything to living expenses or do young people make enough to live on their on by themselvs ? 
  i 'm asking for students and such . 
  i do n't think you 'd take us . 
  maybe you could fix us up a little . 
  get some politicians trown in jail or something . 
  plus you seem to be managing money you get from taxes a lot better than we are . 
  you are weird . 
  the way we behave austrians would leave us behind and go their seperate way . 
  this radar system was put up as a part of a privat-public collaboration . 
  92 % of tickets would go to a private contractor , the rest to the public contractor . 
  until now they caught over 30.000 people speeding in a month in a town where less the 100.000 people live . 
  so now people are angry and are burning/destroying the radars . 
  the radars were not put in place for security mesaures . 
  they were put there so that some people would earn a lot of money . 
  so good ridance to those radars . 
  i hope they burn all of them . 
  what ? 
  who makes fun of him . 
  he 's the national hero of dolenjska . 
  if you 'd knew anything about big farming you 'd know that you need these big expensive tractors . 
  there are times where these tractors need to work for whole days and some shity cheap tractor wo n't do , because when they break you 're losing time and money . 
  and machinery is getting bigger and bigger to do stuff faster so tractors also need to get bigger . 
  you went from schengen area to non-schenghen area and nobody would smugle things from europe / slovenia to croatia . 
  smugling roads go in the opposite way . 
  you get more thoroughly checked going from croatia to slovenia as you enter schengen area . 
  there could still be significant civilian casualties . 
  so that woul bring bad pr for `` western '' world and we would have to go another round , till we 're all dead . 
  it 's not just gypsies . 
  here you get a bed reputation because of your drivers on our motorways . 
  you drive in the wrong direction when you miss a pass , you stop in some extremly weird places ( like under a bridge , becase there is some shadow here ) , when you hear about people getting robbed on the motorways , it 's usually romanians who are guilty . 
  sometimes it seems like you only export stupid people and criminals . 
  yes i am . 
  they were collaborating with the nazis , pledged allegiance to hitler and killed other nazi fighting slovenes . 
  so they are traitors , every single one of them . 
  slovenia : we still have a lot of problems because of ww2 today . 
  some political parties use this subject to win points . 
  so to start . 
  back then there was yugoslavia . 
  they were invaded by axis powers ( germany , italy , hungary , romania , bulgaria ) . 
  slovenia was occupied by germany ( north ) , italy ( south ) and hungary ( eastern part ) . 
  so after that in italian part the resistance was strong by partisans . 
  they were formed by a couple organisations . 
  one organisation was also communist party . 
  they basically took control of it so church was afraid that the communist would take all their wealth and started a propaganda war , where they convinced a lot of people to start collaborating with the occupation army and fight against the partisans and slovenians . 
  so when the shit hit the fan and germany army started to evacuvate from yugoslavia toward austria a lot of these traitors/collaborators , together with usta\u0161i and \u010cetniki started running with them , because they were afraid of revenge killings for all the crimes they commited .
