  well after a lot of people crossed into austria to british occupied areas , yugoslavia and it 's governemnt demanded the return of them . 
  so british forces obliged and returned a lot of them . 
  after that there was a lot of them ( soldiers ) killed . 
  there were over 100.000 killed and burried in slovenia . 
  so after the war communist took charge and not till we gained independence we started to research and investigate this killings . 
  now political parties , especially the ones leaning on the right , christian side are alway bringing up this killings and communists and how people who were in charge then are in charge now ( or their kids are ) and so on and on . 
  in some cases they even try to rewrite the history as in those traitors were fighting just the communists and were not collaboratos , which is a complete joke . 
  they also invaded yugoslavia . 
  i believe it 's worst when slovenians are called slovakians , but i 'm a bit biased . 
  they do n't surrender . 
  half way trough they probably switched sides and started fighting the nato . 
  one reason is that ljubljana is in the middle of a swamp . 
  the basin in which the city lies is called ljubljansko barje ( ljubljana 's swamp ) . 
  the other reason i heard is because they say kva , dialect for word kaj ( what ) which sound similar to how we say frogs sound - kvak . 
  \u0160e nisi nikoli govoril z belokranjci ? 
   and i think austria has always seen itself as being sort of on this really awkward intersection of both west/east and north/south where they get a little bit of the negative traits from everybody . 
  i do n't see austria like that . 
  i see it as better than us . 
  they do n't seem to have so much corruption , people seem to behave better , the state is run more efficiently . 
  we like to compare ourselfs with austria , but while it 's good to look up , deep down we 're still the `` balkan '' country . 
   is it similar for you , except with more communism history ? 
  i believe we are even more affected by this . 
  troughout the history we were on this crossroad between the south-eastern part of europe and the west . 
  for example : the west was influenced by northern italy , north-east by hungarian culture , northern parts by austrian-german influence . 
  we took some positive traits from those cultures but sometimes it 's like we 're this savages who only care about ourselfs and who can steal more . 
  slovenians like to call ourself central european country as well even tough most of the world and geography puts us with eastern europe . 
  we also think we are better than all of the former communist countries . 
  so we do have that in common . 
  but we like to mock our former yugoslavian brothers the most as being more corrupt , more xenophobic and overall backwardness ( as you mention it ) when all of that is happening here too . 
  sometimes it seem on even greater level . 
  is this top 10 ? 
  i want to know how my country fared , so does anyone know it there is a complete list ? 
  are you joking or is there some truth in this ? 
  i really want to know . 
  old data for slovenia as well . 
  that guy has been 2nd for 2 years now . 
  well the size of italy is [ 301,338 km ^ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italy ) . 
  the size of sweden is [ 450,295 km ^ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden ) of wich the forests [ occupy 282030 km ^ 2 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/sweden/forest-area-sq-km-wb-data.html ) . 
  so if we take this data we get that if you take all the forests ( not trees ) in sweden you would cover 93,6 % of italy . 
  now i could n't find any data how much area all the trees in sweden occupy ( parks etc. ), 
  so the number might get closer to the 100 % but i kinda doubt it . 
  ok when it comes to pigs , people here use the blood for blood sausages , so the pig screamed . 
  so i was telling to little informations . 
  for the cows and other animals i have n't yet seen one killed without a bolt gun . 
   old farmers will.tell.you it 's less cruel than shooting , less margin of error . 
  as someone whose parents still own a farm and is helping quite a lot of time , old farmers around here started using bolt gun a long time ago as it is far less cruel then cutting with a knife . 
  with a good equipment and a good bullet ( or whatever is called in english ) animal is stunned in a second and not screaming for a minute until the brains shut down . 
  but is n't turkey already retaliating by shelling syrian kurds around azaz and mare ? 
  i 'm not 100 % sure , but that 's not her . 
  i belive that is a wife of some rapper . 
  i want to say ice-t , but again not sure . 
  i like this one . 
  a slovene and a croat are talking and the croat says . 
  i dreamed that ljubljana ( slovenia capital ) was burning and completely demolished . 
  everyone was dead and at that moment i could n't be happier . 
  so the slovene says . 
  i had a dream to . 
  zagreb ( croatia capital ) was covered in flowers , everyone cheered as the streets were full of people that had signs welcoming the army marching in the streets . 
  so the croat ask the slovene , what did the signs said . 
  and the slovene goes , i do n't know i ca n't read cyrillic . 
  another one . 
  a bosnian women goes to vacation to zagreb . 
  when she returned to bosnia she was talking with her friends about the trip . 
  she told them she met a nice croatian guy and that he asked her if she would like to go with him to her hotel room where he would show her his penis . 
  so her friends ask her so did you go . 
  and she says yes . 
  then they ask her so what 's a penis . 
  she answeres the . 
  oh it 's the same as bosnian cock , exept much smaller . 
  ( there is a little loss in translation ), 
  as / u/ivanmedved corrected me i should say : prejudices of the majority should n't impair the rights of the minorities, 
  so because we do n't have a death penalty that means our christians love the gays and lesbians . 
  fuck that . 
  i live in a rural area where 70 % of people go to church at least every sunday and of them 90 % said they would vote against the law . 
  and of them so many openly hated on the homosexuals . 
  lets face it . 
  christians are a hatefull group of people . 
  well if you say a lie long enough it will eventually became the truth , or i think it goes something like this . 
  maybe if i wrote our constitutional court a lot of people would n't know what i 'm talking about so i wrote supreme court as people are more familiar with it from english speaking news , where american supreme court is the highest in country . 
  also go fuck yourself . 
  edit : in some of my later posts i started writing constitutional court , to avoid any confusion . 
  i have expressed myself wrongly . 
  your wording is what i had in mind . 
  thank you for correcting me . 
  this was only about changing the wording from marriage is between a men and a woman to a marriage is between two people . 
  it that does n't make the christians the most hatefull people there is i do n't know what does . 
  they are so stupid they could n't even burn a paper book . 
  i mean come on . 
  a paper book . 
  at least someone could get some gasoline so they would n't look as stupid as they are crazy . 
  by law croats are not a minority that are constitutionaly protected . 
  there is only hungarian , italian and roma minorities . 
  people should not decide in matters like this . 
  we ca n't let the majority decide what minority should do . 
  unfortunately our main oppositon party ( sds ) has our constitutional court in complete control and it does whatever the sds party says it must do and they told them that referendum in ok . 
  then maybe ss , sorry i mean sds , should stop interfering with the constitutional court and telling them how to `` decide '' on certain matters . 
  well if a man and a women get married they can adopt if they ca n't have children , why could n't 2 men or 2 women . 
  and do n't start with that bullshit that the opposition had , that in the case of the parents death , the grandparents wo n't have a chance of adopting grandkids . 
  they will be the first in line . 
  the only case they wo n't get to adopt the kids would be if they were phisically and mentaly unable to take care of the kids and all the other living relatives were dead , then yeah the kids would go for an adoption and then it would be a prety hard chance that they would get a same sex couple , because there are already hundres of diferent sex couples in the waiting line .
