  that is n't really the point most people here want us to be neutral and allowing american military planes to refuel here shows we are n't . 
  lets say scotland had voted overwhelmingly to leave the uk last year but like 70 % of fife voted to stay do you think fife should have stayed . 
  munster are shite though, 
  it is either the brits are all evil or the catholics are all terrorists its not like an issue like this is more nuanced than that . 
   ireland is that it looks damp as fuck . 
  well you are n't wrong, 
  nice try, 
  worst state being 6.6 is actually very impressive well done lads, 
  well that is disappointing . 
  i 've never met an english person that thought their empire was benevolent i dont think this is a problem . 
  i had no idea that band was n't irish . 
  neither government uses that term for that reason, 
   deeply catholic countries like ireland we are n't all that catholic anymore so you can come down off your high horse . 
  three of the nine counties are in the republic, 
   these polls have a habit of missing older , more right wing voters who are more likely to prefer the uk than the eu . 
  the older gen would be more likely to hate the brits tbh . 
  no it really isnt, 
  it certainly seems like the best course of action symmetry and all, 
  would you look at that sexy little united ireland, 
  i think a tri colour of green orange and white would be best it should cause no conflicts, 
  it 's english, 
  think scotland has more and that is n't a relevant point any woman he got with would likely not have red hair, 
  most people have brown/black hair, 
   but the memory of oppression is deep and so it is a sensitive issue obviously with the irish and i am just suggesting you have some sensitivity you 're talking utter shite lad, 
   easter revolution it 's actually the easter rising lad and it was a rebellion not a revolution because well it failed . 
  yeah we arent going to agree on this bud so we should probably end this discussion . 
  it is the only way to interpret it lad tbh . 
  brexit has stirred up fear and anger in the northern nationalists its not like they were sitting up there happy as larry until the eu decided to do this . 
  it absolutely was seen as a problem and addressing does nothing but calm any possible violence that brexit might stoke . 
  no it is n't if the uk leave the eu without a way for ni to fully rejoin the republic inside the eu that could cause violence what has happened now is that the gfa is guaranteed which does fuck all but keep the northern nationalists pacified . 
  it in no way increases the chance of violence and does everything to decrease it . 
  which does nothing but potentially stop violence from restarting, 
  it is n't retroactive though he 'd have to been an irish citizen before they were born for them to be eligible . 
  so i 've been told, 
  is jaime lannister not dutch ? 
  depends if he is green or orange, 
  like there is any divide between catholic/protestant in the roi that shit doesnt matter down here . 
  no not really, 
  haha only for a summer . 
  the fighting irish thing annoys me , most people i know are very non confrontational and out of the three cities i 've lived in ( dublin , melbourne , boston ) dublin is the one i 've witnessed the least fights/threatening behaviour . 
  it 's cool feel free to exclude us when your mentioning the britis . 
  northern ireland is a part of the uk, 
  yeah ? 
  we will see about that . 
  camden street , wexford street any street with a major club seems lined with them on student nights . 
  there are loads in dublin, 
  for fuck sake, 
  no problem lad, 
   and ireland most of ireland is n't in the uk, 
  anyone raised in ireland is irish to me regardless of parentage . 
  i consider him a bollix, 
   to the point where it 's almost like one country still . 
  for fuck sake, 
  lenny abrahamson , alan shatter and my mates da are all i know here . 
  chicken fillet rolls , club orange , coddle , good guinness , heavy rain while indoors , the colour green , the gaa , watching leinster play live , the general demeanour of people . 
  i 'm quite homesick recently . 
  my father worked in a bar for a portuguese immigrate . 
  he gave my father a lot of time off and a months wages in advance when my father found out my aunt had cancer and needed to go back to scotland to be with family , i know my dad will never forget that kindness . 
  conor *, 
  aye when the government was controlled by the brits that was what i meant . 
  only thing i know about him is the ira blew up a statue the brits put in dublin . 
  nah that 's never changing . 
  i think it 's sort of the basis of faith unquestioning believe it is the reason i 'm an atheist, 
  well in there defence the book is most allegorical to the catholic faith but i take your point, 
  the official catholic church position is that evolution is real and sure is n't it better that they ` move the goalposts ' than the alternative of stubbornly refusing to change their views on science, 
  you would have still learned evolution as catholics believe in evolution . 
  sean lemass for ireland he did a lot to modernise the country and undo the poverty stricken catholic hovel that de valera left us in , shame about charlie haughty though . 
  that 's grand it reads like you thought it was . 
  i can see the argument for us being both . 
  ireland is n't in your commonwealth, 
  you should, 
  genuinely grateful for that . 
  thankfully i do n't read that sub so i do n't have to read those . 
  it is nice to visit the united kingdom . 
  by italian i assume you mean spanish because it is always the spanish . 
  ah that 's probably it i 'm 23 . 
  is it really that popular in ireland i 've never heard anyone talk about it ? 
  yes as it is here he was pretending you are all racist . 
  you do realise he did n't mean that seriously dont you . 
   portugal is not part of spain i get you buddy, 
  yes indeed it is . 
  a lot of it came from gaddafi in libya, 
  there was a good bit of prejudice in ireland about 10-15 years ago but i dont hear a lot of it these days in fact the poles are quite well received . 
  this is really cool https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyqlf4uxbmi, 
  utter nonsense, 
  high end places no they 'd get destroyed in the media and go out of business . 
  generally you 'll be treated very well here i just do n't want you coming over expecting some liberal wonderland and being upset when shitty people do shitty things . 
  in ireland most asians are either korean or chinese the ones born here or raised from a young age are treated like regular irish by most people especially in high end places the asians that come here when they are older seem to keep to themselves and not interact with the regular irish as much . 
  enjoy your stay anyway europe is a fantastic place to travel . 
  tell to stop being a fool and buy whiskey, 
  we have our share of racists and bigots lad there are scum everywhere . 
  hopefully not, 
   the union jack will remain as it is , if scotland leave , who knows what we 'll do . 
  we may end up keeping it as it 's been our flag for a good few years . 
  you did n't change it when we left probably wont now either . 
  grandparents not ancestors, 
  god i hope not . 
  what other eu countries have called for a referendum ? 
  thankfully not, 
  the win in this context is no us bases,
