what brings you to ireland, 
  i would n't, 
  then you are going to the wrong place . 
  atta boy portugal, 
  after my own country france is my favorite in europe . 
  most kings were assholes but yeah the english thing you 've got me there . 
  ungrateful . 
  we write you a nice book and this is the thanks we get . 
  finland ? ... come on lad, 
  ah that 's a shame, 
  when was it disbanded ? 
  i 've never heard of us having a basketball team at all tbh . 
  that was my point yes, 
  yeah i can believe that lol, 
  i dont know either this is just my opinion . 
  i done think i 've even met many celtic pride people in real life, 
  the way i see it is during the rising was the most idealistic time for these men but to get independence they had to compromise i.e leave the 6 counties behind so after the dust settled the choose to remember the moment before the compromise and the civil war it caused . 
  ` ireland was outmatched . 
  i can only imagine there was a public outcry or something that shifted the opinion of the government to offer peace and independence . ', 
  we were always going to be outmatched though it is statistically impossible, 
  i 'm getting the feeling most irish people people you 've dealt with are solely on the internet our largest immigrant group is the english they 'd hardly go to a place that loathes them . 
  the latter as i feel that personal self-identity is what matters because ` ethnically ' there isnt enough variation in this part of the world to be a deciding factor . 
  probably the same as if you did it in america on the 4th of july do they loathe you also . 
  it was a suicide mission tbh the leader wrote a lot about the need for a blood sacrifice . 
  if you think ireland loathe britain you dont know much about ireland . 
  listen we 'd love it if they called themselves irish they simply dont want to . 
  i dont really buy the whole irish ethnicity yoke i dont see how we are ethnically different then the scots or welsh . 
  we all are, 
  most unionists i know hate being called irish so i think its disrespectful to insist on calling them that . 
  you 'd have to ask people living in northern ireland that one lad . 
  oh god no we get on well with the brits now outside some sporting rivalry . 
  it is much better i think , a lot of tension remains and sporadic violence but nothing on the scale it was before thankfully . 
  i dont know enough about the conflict to comment either way . 
  i 've heard this a few times on reddit i few people support palestine and now all irish people hate israel apparently truth is most irish people are apathetic towards israel and probably could n't point to it on a map dont create an issue where there isnt one . 
  middle ages do n't think it was official i was making a joke tbh, 
  of course it does n't matter and it 's almost never mentioned outside of here but it 's easy to see why people are annoyed . 
  names can change btw europe is n't called christendom . 
  can you not see why people would be annoyed by it . 
  it is already hard enough to explain to people from some countries that the republic of ireland isnt part of the uk . 
  only time i ever hear it is from confused people from other countries that think ireland is still part of the uk . 
  we dont have to look very hard . 
  of course thats the reason why would anyone shy away from admitting that . 
  that is besides the point im sure the graph includes uvf/uda killings, 
  interesting i did n't like a lot of what i had but i suppose boston would be known mostly for seafood and i hate seafood anyway . 
  ah an all around prize, 
  which taoiseach, 
  we trade a lot more with the rest of the eu then with the u.k we have many multinational corps eu offices , also as mentioned elsewhere here we have very high levels of support for the eu there is n't a notion of us leaving the eu has been great for us . 
  fuck no, 
  ` ireland leaving to join the eu ' come on lad you 're killing me, 
  i know ireland would probably still be a hellhole catholic outpost without it, 
  i 'm fiercely patriotic, 
  no thats a ridiculous statement, 
  ireland irish rugby legend and current munster rugby head coach anthony ` axel ' foley tragically found dead at the age of 42 , in the team hotel hours before european champions cup match against paris ' racing 92 . 
   we were part of a big empire and now want to be associated with another group ( the eu ) to be able to disassociate us from our past suppressor ( uk for ireland , russia for finland ) as much as possible . 
  i feel the same, 
  i dunno we were pretty ecstatic about it, 
  ah here enough of that, 
  yeah northern irishmen maybe, 
  him as well as robert emmet , roger casement , douglas hyde and lots more, 
  i 'm not looking at any factor of my age lad, 
  i 'm quite well versed there lad , catholic and protestant are general indicators of what side people are on but it 's not about religion it is about cultural identity some of the biggest nationalists in ireland 's history were protestants . 
  it 's never actually been about religion . 
  hopefully, 
  heartless, 
  whiskey much better than whisky, 
  in dublin we can feel it . 
  i 'm 23 an almost none of my secondary school class or university class emigrated it is much better than it was . 
  not really by the time anyone attacks us resistance would be futile . 
  there is no need for w strong army because we have no enemies . 
  ireland is not in nato it is a neutral country, 
  it depends what they ask for tbh if the ask for abortion on demand then there is a fair chance it wont pass but if the ask for abortion in cases of fatal fetal abnormalities and rape it almost certainly will pass, 
  oh my mistake i thought you where still talking about ireland there is n't many non white people whose parents are n't immigrants, 
   living for 3 generation not likely, 
  this really does n't seem that bad, 
   their natural state of britishness oh get fucked, 
  sadly not, 
  i do n't think it is, 
  he is n't . 
  perhaps he is falling on the sword for boris who will seek to take over after they 've left europe . 
  it is indeed the reason, 
  i 'm a dub and i call it soccer, 
  my condolences lad my thoughts and prayers with you and your people . 
  how did you do most of the fighting in ww1, 
  ah cool, 
  my mistake, 
  that was the coach, 
  you know he is talking about the unionists, 
  i highly doubt it, 
  people keep saying this but what does it matter now being nice to you wont negate the vote . 
  well 50 % wanted to stay because they picked an area made up of 50 % unionists . 
  london wants to stay in the eu but that is n't happening . 
  no we would n't 60m people are n't entitled to irish citizenship too many are but it ai n't 60m . 
  ok now i 've heard this a few times on reddit some irish people have a problem with how israel deals with palestine that does n't make anyone anti-israeli you are as welcome for a pint down the pub as an english who we do n't agree with for leaving the eu . 
  drinking english tea america for shame , sincerely ireland, 
  well yeah clearly, 
  both have there merits tbh but i would n't be opposed to ireland adopting civil law . 
  ireland uses common law so it could get annoying for us, 
  again it 's not about isis caring about our neutrality it is about us caring about it . 
  it does n't sit right with the most people here that the us was allowed to use the airport and this was going on at times when you were at war . 
   nobody is going to be dropping bombs on dublin .
