i do n't mind the shoppers but for fucks sake why ca n't the russians drive like normal human beings ? 
  oh , makes sense, 
  why is finnish in a different color in the austria one if \u00f6sterreich means `` eastern empire '' since the finnish name `` it\u00e4valta '' means `` eastern country '' ? 
  last time this was posted to / r/mapporn someone pointed out that that part of finland had a score of 2.6 or something and the scale has one color for 2.5-6 .99, 
  # 3 on motorway density but # 1 on overall road density . 
  renting is generally considered `` throwing away money '' by a lot of finns . 
  most people like to buy a house as soon as they qualify for a loan . 
  paying off a mortage costs about the same as renting an apartment but you 're paying `` into your own pocket '' . 
  renting is traditionally seen as a `` necessary evil '' for those who ca n't afford their own apartment or qualify for a loan . 
  i 'd guess living with your parents is considered living as `` an owner '' ( provided your parents own their house ) where as young people who just moved out usually rent . 
  at least in finland the state/cities own a lot of apartments that people can apply for . 
  most people who qualify are either students or unemployed . 
  the prices of those apartments are much lower than you would pay for a same sized apartment in the same location if you were to just rent an apartment from a private owner . 
  that picture of helsinki looks to be 30-40 years old, 
  regular bar prices in the area it drives in . 
  i think about 6 $ . 
  beer is usually 5 + $ in downtown helsinki . 
  like i said it 's a bit of a scenic route and only in the summer so you 're unlikely to use it much as someone who lives here but if you 're a tourist in no hurry i would imagine it to be great . 
   the best trams in helsinki we have [ a pub tram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1zudnvm.jpg ) that [ serves beer ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jaotmtx.jpg ) . 
  it 's a promotion for the beer company but it 's a real streetcar and a route for many years now . 
  though a `` scenic tour '' for tourists it can be useful in the summer . 
  here 's anthony bourdain in one . 
  i 've never heard of a fight breaking out in sauna . 
  during a night of drinking that includes a sauna maybe but that 's like saying all murderers like to drink water . 
  yeah but are n't those same names ( iso , ansi etc ) used for the software layouts as well ? 
  us keyboards are n't iso , they 're ansi  today , most keyboards use one of three different mechanical layouts , usually referred to as simply iso ( iso/iec 9995-2 ) , ansi ( ansi-incits 154-1988 ) , and jis ( jis x 6002-1980 ) , referring roughly to the organizations issuing the relevant worldwide , united states , and japanese standards , respectively . 
  you know how video games have `` full sequels '' and then those `` kinda sequels '' ? 
  gta3 , gta vice city , gta san andreas , gta4 battlefield 2 , battlefield 2142 , battlefield heroes , battlefield bad company , battlefield 1943 , battlefield 3 this is one of those things . 
  2.0 seems reasonable . 
   if you 're using a dutch keyboard , you can try shift +2 i think it 's shift +2 on every iso keyboard . 
  yeah i 'm gon na go ahead and veto this one, 
  i do n't see anything primitive about this . 
  if anything it 's the opposite , they were ahead of their time . 
  yeah finland still has that law . 
  it 's my understanding that it is enforced as well , though i 'm far from an expert . 
  at least i 've seen plenty of people/websites/rallies against it so it seems like it 's a relevant issue . 
   it means that your mother is a whore therefore you do n't know who your father is  the daughter of king juan carlos . 
  well seems like she was able to figure it out huh ? 
  oh that might very well be . 
  i just live in a leftist country and probably mostly browse left wing media ( well , reddit and where it links ) . 
  well all politics is just making promises your intended demographic wants to hear . 
  populism is no different , your target audience is simply the `` masses '' , the working class . 
  instead of saying `` we have people who are the most skilled at handling _____ , vote us '' they say `` we are just like you , vote us '' . 
  this is of course a very harsh generalization . 
  but you 're right , the word populism or populist is these days often used with a negative tone when implying your opponent is simply making empty promises ( to the masses ) since populism understandably can be a very effective tool to get votes , whether your intentions are `` pure '' or not . 
  now this is just my personal opinion , but i think this pejorative use of the word stems from the very common thought that `` most people are too stupid to make decisions this important for themselves '' . 
  elitism is an extremely common trait , especially among people who have a long history of voting and how they view those who traditionally do n't vote as often or at all ; the main `` prey '' of these populist movements . 
  i love how when the far-left gets votes they 're representing the people and their votes , when the far-right succeeds they 're `` tricking people '' . 
  the media has even managed to make the word `` populism '' have a negative ring to it , when all it really means is worrying about the needs of the common people . 
  it 's not just a reddit thing , seems to be a pretty universal mindset among younger people everywhere . 
  no but it has to do with the voting for a candidate/party thing . 
  yeah but estonia is ex-soviet . 
  they 're a decade behind in everything give or take . 
  10 years ago there were a lot more technophobes in the western europe as well . 
  facebook was only for college students , not granmas and middle age housewives . 
  finnish climate is the best climate because it 's more comfortable to sit in front of a computer . 
  also no sun glare . 
  well yes i do n't doubt you can find some examples on the internet , but 95 % of the time it 's pretty easy to tell . 
  it 's not like i 'm starting a holocaust so i do n't need to be 100 % accurate . 
  i do n't think most people complain about them asking for money . 
  it 's those times they do n't ask . 
  no they do n't . 
  their skin is much darker , they have characteristic facial features and most of them dress in a very specific way . 
   probably ca n't even tell that the experience was with a roma if it was n't negative . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  are you saying i ca n't spot a roma until he/she does something i find negative ? 
  because i think it 's pretty easy to spot one , even if the experience is neutral ( like walking by one ) . 
  i think that 's just because everyone who lives anywhere in europe only has negative experiences of them . 
  i 'm not racist , but ... 
  how 's high school ? 
   everyone sex life gets worse as they age anyway , `` compatibility '' or not . 
  yeah but that 's not the topic of discussion . 
  we 're talking about literally the month after the wedding . 
  not old people sex . 
  it 's pretty funny that from this message i learnt/was able to figure out how to say 12 months in estonian is it kaksteist kuut ? 
  are you seriously debating the views of a guy who looks like ... that ? 
  you noticed and quoted the joke in the original post . 
  well done , have 400 upvotes . 
  seeing posts like these is why i 'm actually kinda glad greece is in this mess . 
  also everywhere there are at least three times the required amount of people working . 
  almost every greek restaurant i 've been to has had more staff present than customers . 
  it 's a wonder the system `` worked '' for as long as it did . 
  the overwhelming majority also thinks advertising does n't affect their spending . 
  advertisers do n't care what people think they think . 
   in my country itself , i really dislike the influence of english . 
  english has a godlike `` cool '' status which really annoys me . 
  here everyone 's like this as well unless they 're 13 year old girls . 
  i do n't think it 's `` cool '' but i never understood why it made people so fucking mad . 
  it 's gotten to the point that i enjoy using terrible english phrases or grammar in the middle of finnish just to piss people off . 
  or english proverbs directly translated into finnish . 
  other than that i wish everything was done in english . 
  it 's not that it 's a superior language or anything like that but you ca n't undo or recreate the circumstances that made english the world language just when globalisation happened so you might as well accept it and go with it . 
  in my ideal future separate languages would be extinct . 
  i do n't value the whole `` language is a part of national identity and culture '' thing like some people do . 
  for me language is just a tool for communication and a language that allows communicating with more people than another one is naturally better at what it does . 
  the thing is : there 's no reason to leave the coast, 
  wtf finland losing to almost every country ? 
  last time i heard a study like this we were like number # 3 or something, 
  who says the point of the map is what you think it is . 
  if its point is to show how different ideas people have it 's pretty effective in my opinion .
