   vague is understated . 
  it 's absolutely meaningless i do n't think so . 
  i thought the very point of the map was to show how in different places people have different ideas what `` non-eu immigration '' means . 
  yeah i got a 1m adsl in 2001 for 100 $ the speed kept doubling with no price change and later the price actually kept going down . 
  it was 24m in 2008 for 50 $ when i switched to a new isp and i never did anything , they just sent me letters telling the speed went up . 
  now i pay 9,95 $ for 100m but like i said it 's a different isp . 
  yeah i definitely agree . 
  it 's our proudest moment as a nation and what still largely shapes our culture and national identity to this day . 
  however as someone moderately interested in military history i can tell you that there was a lot more at play than `` one finn is worth ten russians '' as the ever-popular saying goes and that history would be very unlikely to repeat itself in the current state of the world . 
  oh i 'm very much aware . 
  you do n't fight missiles and attack helicopters with `` sisu '' . 
  warfare has changed fundamentally from what it was in the 40s . 
  but tell that to all the elderly voters and the overly nationalist types . 
  they 'll likely respond with `` nobody expected us to have a chance back then either '' . 
  you mean a newly formed nation fought against a giant and kept it 's independency while having to cede some relatively nonimportant areas near the border ? 
  they remember . 
  the war is commonly remembered as a victory over here no matter what international history books might tell you . 
  no unfortunately we still have loads of stupid people who a. believe we can fight russia because we could in 1940 or b. think it 's best not to `` anger '' them by joining nato because russia is known for their sense and reasoning and therefore will leave us alone because we `` respected them '' by not joining nato . 
  yeah . 
  i ca n't wrap my mind around how it 's already been 12 years, 
  you sound butthurt, 
  forgetting an article every now and then is a pretty minor flaw when basically everone under the age of 70 can carry on a casual conversation in english . 
  it 's not like [ the rest of the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_english_proficiency_index#2015_rankings ) speaks flawlessly . 
  how the fuck were you not able to tell ? 
  i understand if foreigners fail to notice it because it 's not a widely known accent but that guy is like the epitome of rallienglanti . 
  that 's the coca-cola santa claus . 
  real santa scares kids and begs for sips of booze . 
  so apparently there are two countries that know where santa claus lives . 
  most people never learn it properly in the first place . 
  when i said required to learn the basics it 's more like required to pass the basic tests with the minimum score . 
  it 's become very socially acceptable to get shit grades from swedish even among parents who otherwise take education very seriously . 
  it 's like a joke subject for many even though there is a lot of it . 
  especially nowadays when we start learning english on 3rd grade and basically every finn and swede under 50 years old is fluent or close to fluent in english there 's even less incentive to learn it as even if you do deal with swedes a lot it 's easier for everyone to use english whether you know basic swedish or not . 
  yeah by law anything that has any required info ( like the ingredients on a food item ) has to be on both languages and all official documents are available in finnish and swedish ( and english ) . 
  here on the coast you definitely do hear swedish spoken and in certain parts of the country it 's even the dominant language but in central finland like you said it 's pretty non-existent . 
  like 6 % as their primary language but everyone 's required to learn the basics in school . 
   it just might be that swedes are a little closer to this issue and are better informed about it than people who get their news from reddit . 
  or it 's the fact that they 've grown up being brainwashed by leftist teachers since they were little kids and legitimately believe the bullshit they 're fed and/or feel a nationalistic duty to defend their country 's honor from internet bullies . 
  it 's still an official language . 
  not a secondary language or official minority language or anything like that , it 's official status is equal to that of finnish . 
  how much does merkel pay you to shill all over this thread ? 
   you do n't see people crusading against blacks in the usa is this your first week on the internet ? 
  there will never be official confirmation because the swedes purposfully do not track such information . 
  moving to another eu country is literally as simple as moving down a block in your current city . 
  all you need to do is let the authorities know just like you have to if you move within the same country . 
  there 's a big difference between being racist and being labeled racist . 
  except finnish culture is so close to swedish culture they were practically integrated the moment they hopped over the border . 
  because swedes are ok with making their daily lives more difficult as long as nobody thinks they 're in any way even remotely racist . 
  you can buy candy too, 
  i 've been on a sth-hel boat maybe 20 times in my life and can tell you it 's all about luck . 
  a cruise on a regular weekday is typically mostly families with kids , businessmen , elderly and like 15 people in the sad excuse of a night club . 
  but it 's not uncommon to have events such as high schools or college student unions organizing cruises ( we had 2 student cruises a year back when i was in high school and always with ~ 7-8 other schools joining us ) or even something like a big hockey/football/floorball tournament filling the boat with young people . 
  that 's when it turns into an all night party boat with people running around in togas and drinking on the aisles until 6am . 
  the graduation cruise is reserved for students but all the other ones are just business as usual for the boat company and you can unknowingly book your trip on the same day . 
  most of the ferry companies give you a free trip if you buy enough alcohol . 
  silja line has the best boats but all of them are full of drunk people . 
  the main point is bringing back booze but it 's not like you 're gon na spend an entire day on a ferry and not drink . 
  people go to bars to talk to the other people they went to the bar with . 
  if you go alone you can choose between drinking alone in silence or being the annoying stranger who 's clearly too drunk since he 's trying to talk to people . 
  because the wide majority of people will never use a vpn or a search engine other than google so it 's actually a pretty effective method . 
  i still remember those 3d renderings of the failed front gate or whatever it 's called they showed on the news and i was only 4 at the time . 
  e. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ji6bddxvh78&amp;t=26m, 
  someone needs to photoshop the nk flag to this http://i.imgur.com/9ragzmi.png, 
   here statements imply that it was somehow the women 's fault . 
   it 's giving in to the monstrous evil of sharia and jihad . 
  if the question was `` how do we stop sexual harrasment '' or `` what can the city do to combat sexual harrasment '' you 'd have a point . 
  but it was n't . 
  the question literally was what can a woman herself do to avoid becoming a victim . 
  answering with tips how to avoid becoming a victim to a direct question is n't victim blaming . 
  she did n't say it 's the fault of the women . 
  she was literally asked what a woman can do herself to avoid being targeted . 
  she gave an answer to a direct question . 
  if you want to get your panties in a twist at someone blame the reporter . 
  do you even know what the question she answered was ? 
  because it 's not victim blaming no matter what part you leave out . 
  are you perhaps mentally handicapped ? 
  she was asked what can a woman do to minimize risks of being targeted . 
  how would `` well men should n't do it '' be helpful in any way or even answer the question ? 
  oh yeah that 's exactly what the situation needed . 
  people shooting each other for getting groped in the middle of a crowd . 
  you clearly have no clue what victim blaming means . 
  taking measures to protect yourself from crime and promoting such measures is not victim blaming . 
  when i lock the door behind me i do n't blame myself for burglars or promote lock-culture by opressing myself to carrying keys around . 
  so you 're literally bitching about a politician giving an honest answer with practical use instead of dodging the question and feeding some idealistic bullshit pr slogan that we all know is right but does n't actually serve anyone or answer the question the reporter asked ? 
  the fucking question was `` what can a woman do herself to try and prevent this from happening '' . 
  `` women should n't have to do anything '' is the worst answer of all time even if it makes you feel warm in your happy thought bubble . 
  avoiding situations where you ca n't keep an arm 's lenght from people sounds like a good place to start if you do n't want to get targeted by pickpockets . 
  but fact of the matter is when a situation like she was asked about would occur her `` victim blaming '' answer would actually be more helpful than this wall of babble . 
  there was no victim blaming retard . 
  i believe what she says . 
  are you saying she 's wrong ? 
  because she is n't . 
  people are n't `` outraged '' because she 's wrong . 
  having read about some of her political past i would 've been more gleeful if he finished the job . 
  we both know this situation is n't going to get better before much more blod is shed . 
  i just hope as little as possible is from innocents . 
  i can deal with having to eat imported chips from uk or wherever . 
  you can have it back, 
  your passport number is not public info, 
  you do n't need to memorize ( most of ) them .
