  edit : wow that mic quality is kinda bad, 
  i was going to buy from bb.com recently until i saw the shipping to australia was more than the order itself . 
  kinda disappointed but glad it works for other countries, 
  is this a bloody prescription pill advertisement in a magazine ? 
  what the hell america, 
  that is mythically dumb , wow, 
  his physique is shit for how long he claims to lift . 
  he 's just cut so most people think it 's decent . 
  you should look better than him after 6-8 months if you did n't start out fat, 
  my forearm gets pretty tight on pull days . 
  is there anything i should add to work it specifically ? 
  is it because i might have bad form ? 
  edit : my forearms are tiny, 
  where 's that ? 
  i live in south australia and the weights at my gym go 1.25 , 2.5 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 . 
  no 25s, 
  like i ca n't fully extend it , it goes to like 150-160 degrees and wo n't let me go the full 180 outstretched and i feel it being `` tight '' . 
  not sure how else to describe the feeling aha . 
  what weight should i start with farmers walks ? 
  i have some dbs at home that i could do some with , how many sets as well ? 
  that 's pretty high bf % for skinnyfat , i 'd cut to maybe 150 ? 
  then bulk, 
  why ? 
  are there 25000 houses on the street ? 
  every street around me in australia goes up to maybe 100 if it 's a big one , usually 10-50, 
  how do you have a strong parmi, 
  i felt bad for thinking he looks small in this when i saw that, 
  i guess it makes sense if you have super long ass roads , thanks . 
   [ zz ] ( http://www.sbs.com.au/popasia/sites/sbs.com.au.popasia/files/styles/body_image/public/if_you_are_the_one_failed.jpg?itok=nkavzsq2&amp;amp;mtime=1423793276 ) . 
  this is me, 
  [ tfw tiny girl arms and see this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oi31xye.gif ), 
  where all you motherfuckers live where your high schools have gyms ? 
  mine had a single basketball court , some tennis courts and some ovals, 
  haha every time i play i make the shittiest apartment building for everyone pre-hardmode . 
  3 rooms wide , about 8 stories tall with the bare minimum furniture and lights . 
  the awesome base posts kinda inspire me though and i might start to betterise it, 
  i will never not be amazed at what hills redditors choose to die on . 
   `` getting raped '' is an absolutly normal gaming lingo , just like `` getting killed '' is for example . 
  it is a figure of speach . 
  and it should n't be . 
  it 's not hard to grasp the concept, 
  yes, 
  this was me, 
  [ this is me now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4plagkd.jpg ), 
  i dont know where to get my memes from if every sub is private . 
  im going through withdrawal, 
  do people really wear jeans above 20c ? 
  why, 
  with 33kg assist ) , 40kg bent over rows 5x5 , 52kg lat pulldown 4x8-12 , 40kg cable row 3x8, 
  lol, 
  sorry i thought it was obvious , this video is like gear vs natty . 
  you can see how small dom mazzetti looks even though he 's been lifting for years naturally , next to bradley who does gear, 
  glad to see progress posts that are n't fatties losing weight, 
  let me preface this by saying that i 've been a memer since they first appeared on 4chan circa 2006 ( ages ago in internet time ) . 
  i remember refreshing / b / all afternoon with the hope that someone would make a new meme . 
  i was a memer back when advice dog was the only one and i still upvote every advice dog meme i see becasue of the fond rush of nostalgia it brings me . 
  nowadays , there are many thousand on quickmeme and other meme websites . 
  i was a memer back before memegenerator was created ( the first meme website ) and i had to make them with ms powerpoint or paint . 
  speaking of meme websites , i was one of the first submitters to memebase.com and still have one of the top accounts there despite having migrated to reddit nearly 2 years ago . 
  it was on 4chan and memebase where i cut my teeth creating memes , way before i had a reddit account and way before / r/adviceanimals was created in late 2010 . 
  back before i could get any sort of points or even username recognition , i was creating memes as a clever and easily digestible way to reflect on society , relate some story to my audience , or just be funny . 
  do you remember rich raven ? 
  i do . 
  you probably do n't remember depression dog , crazy girlfriend praying mantis , introspective pug , or friendzone johnny either . 
  i remember all of them . 
  in fact , you have only submitted two posts to adviceanimals garnering a total of just 4 points and have not commented there any time recently . 
  so please , respect my judgement regarding the direction of the subreddit and the integrity of posts i have held dear to my heart for nearly 7 years but you have no strong feelings for . 
  thanks . 
  it should be noted that i 've upvoted every single person who 's disagreed with me here , as far as i know . 
  that said . 
  in 7th grade , i took an sat test without preparing for it at all , it was spur-of-the-moment , i knew about it about an hour ahead of time and did n't do any research or anything . 
  i scored higher on it than the average person using it to apply for college in my area . 
  an iq test has shown me to be in the 99.9 th percentile for iq . 
  this is the highest result the test i was given reaches ; anything further and they 'd consider it to be within the margin of error for that test . 
  my mother 's boyfriend of 8 years is an aerospace engineer who graduated virginia tech . 
  at the age of 15 , i understand physics better than him , and i owe very little of it to him , as he would rarely give me a decent explanation of anything , just tell me that my ideas were wrong and become aggravated with me for not quite understanding thermodynamics . 
  he 's not particularly successful as an engineer , but i 've met lots of other engineers who are n't as good as me at physics , so i 'm guessing that 's not just a result of him being bad at it . 
  i 'm also pretty good at engineering . 
  i do n't have a degree , and other than physics i do n't have a better understanding of any aspect of engineering than any actual engineer , but i have lots of ingenuity for inventing new things . 
  for example , i independently invented regenerative brakes before finding out what they were , and i was only seven or eight years old when i started inventing wireless electricity solutions ( my first idea being to use a powerful infrared laser to transmit energy ; admittedly not the best plan ) . 
  i have independently thought of basically every branch of philosophy i 've come across . 
  every question of existentialism which i 've seen discussed in smbc or xkcd or reddit or anywhere else , the thoughts have n't been new to me . 
  philosophy has pretty much gotten trivial for me ; i 've considered taking a philosophy course just to see how easy it is . 
  psychology , i actually understand better than people with degrees . 
  unlike engineering , there 's no aspect of psychology which i do n't have a very good understanding of . 
  i can debunk many of even sigmund freud 's theories . 
  i 'm a good enough writer that i 'm writing a book and so far everybody who 's read any of it has said it was really good and plausible to expect to have published . 
  and that 's not just , like , me and family members , that counts strangers on the internet . 
  i 've heard zero negative appraisal of it so far ; people have critiqued it , but not insulted it . 
  i do n't know if that will suffice as evidence that i 'm intelligent . 
  i 'm done with it , though , because i 'd rather defend my maturity , since it 's what you 've spent the most time attacking . 
  the following are some examples of my morals and ethical code . 
  i believe firmly that everybody deserves a future . 
  if we were to capture hitler at the end of wwii , i would be against executing him . 
  in fact , if we had any way of rehabilitating him and knowing that he was n't just faking it , i 'd even support the concept of letting him go free . 
  this is essentially because i think that whoever you are in the present is a separate entity from who you were in the past and who you are in the future , and while your present self should take responsibility for your past self 's actions , it should n't be punished for them simply for the sake of punishment , especially if the present self regrets the actions of the past self and feels genuine guilt about them . 
  i do n't believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices are n't harming others . 
  i do n't have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever ( short of physically acting out necrophilia , pedophilia , or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but i do n't care what a person 's fantasies consist of , as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them ) . 
  i do n't have any issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to , or clothes they wear , etc. 
  i know that 's not really an impressive moral , but it 's unfortunately rare ; a great many people , especially those my age , are judgmental about these things .
