  no one 's impressed bro, 
  before they nerfed it this was the greatest item in the game . 
  must 've spent two days farming it, 
  and here i am with physical symptoms after a second cup of coffee 4 hours after my first of the day ; _ ; lucky bastards, 
  love kenney 's graphics . 
  interesting alpha man , ca n't wait to see what this becomes, 
  its a relevant sub you jerkoff . 
  most people memeing '' / r/subredditsashashtags '' have no idea how to actually use it, 
  i do n't feel like the characters represent the actual people very well , noticeably geoff and adam . 
  nice artwork though, 
  i hate crendors raspy weed voice, 
  where do you get theanine ? 
  pharmacy ? 
   what 's taught in schools varies between states and between the schools themselves , but from my experience , learning about aborigines was learning about their creation myths and conveniently skipping over all of the rest ... 
  we learnt all about the horribleness of this over three months for me , back in 2010ish sa, 
  or so i tell my girlfriend, 
  almost nothing on amazon ships to australia sadly :(, 
  joffrey is one of my goal physiques, 
  trust me mate my accent is shite . 
  need some vocal chord gains, 
  man i felt bad when i found my parents got me a $ 35 cake . 
  yall motherfuckers have some expensive birthdays, 
  you look like you 're staring into my soul in the third pic . 
  love the delts, 
  smith machines will usually say how much the bar weighs on them , the one at my gym is 20 pounds, 
  i feel a little faint around my 4th set ( of 5 ) of squats , clears up after about 30-60 seconds but is there anything i should be doing to stop it completely/recover from it faster ? 
  i 'm only a light weight baby not even squatting 135 yet . 
  i rest 3 minutes between sets, 
  do n't do decline bench , and do shit loads of incline bench, 
  seems very similar to icf which is really popular here and highly recommended . 
  i 'd do barbell rows over the dumbbell lat row but that 's personal preference really . 
  i 'd keep at that for a couple months and then consider changing stuff up if it 's not working fully for you, 
  here 's a link to icf if you want to compare your routine to it : https://www.muscleandstrength.com/workouts/jason-blaha-ice-cream-fitness-5x5-novice-workout, 
  i think you have to be certified in australia where i 'm from to be a personal trainer, 
  apps are notoriously bad at estimating calories burnt from exercise . 
  is the 2000 calories your tdee minus a certain amount ? 
  if not , calculate your tdee ( total daily energy expenditure ) by putting your height/weight and exercise level [ in this link here from the wiki ] ( http://www.1percentedge.com/ifcalc/ ) and then subtract 500 calories from that if you wish to lose 1 pound a week which is the most common weight loss rate here, 
  i 'd suggest doing cardio as a warm-down instead of a warm-up as you need the energy for lifting more than you do cardio . 
  and do n't feel bad about about starting with a shit bench , i could only do 70 pounds when i started and it 's not even 135 yet , 
  basically yes , if you put in two days of exercise a week then eat that much every day all week if you exercise twice a week . 
  if you stop exercising , recalculate it with sedentary lifestyle and follow that instead . 
  do n't up it daily if you exercise or not ( 2000 one day , 2300 the next , then 2000 , 2000 , 2300 etc ) . 
  just have the 2300 seven days a week . 
  try the amount it told you for a month or two and if it 's not losing enough then lower it by 200 calories per day, 
  myfitnesspal is great for calorie counting , i 've been running it for over two months straight and it makes it so much easier . 
  good luck with your weight loss  a 500 calorie per day deficit will lead to just under 2kg per month lost . 
  you can do it !, 
  the fallout 4 leak was fake as shit , almost all of it is incorrect and what 's true was highly speculated by fans for a while, 
  ah that sucks . 
  if it 's an international brand it will have information on mfp , you could try scanning the barcode as well . 
  ca n't wait to see you on / r/progresspics, 
  haha , take monthly shirtless selfies to compare and you will really notice the difference . 
  18kg is crazy impressive, 
  like straight leggings ? 
  a few guys at my gym wear `` compression pants '' under shorts and it looks normal . 
   i mean doing the same weight for like 2 + weeks . 
  be very strict about linear progression . 
  if you did 5x5 then increase it next workout , every workout . 
  also have you recalculated your tdee since gaining weight ? 
  you might need to be eating even more now . 
  you should n't be deloading unless you fail to 5x5 for three workouts in a row . 
  try these two websites from the / r/fitness wiki and average them together : [ link one ] ( http://www.freedieting.com/tools/calorie_calculator.htm ) , [ link two ] ( http://www.1percentedge.com/ifcalc/ ) and if you 're not gaining enough weight gradually increase by 100 calories extra per day each week, 
  arent most dog names people names ? 
  not loud enough . 
  you need something flashy to attract attention, 
  + / u/user _ simulator d4nkest, 
  woah, 
  + / u/user _ simulator d4nkest, 
  ah cheers . 
  i 'll try do some more db incline, 
  i go on the counter offensive and let them know how many calories are in what they 're eating, 
    you know there 's more calories in that meal than you should be eating all day right ? 
   shut up focus on yourself, 
  what makes you think it 's sarcasm ? 
  iifym is the only diet you should be on unless you 're celiac or old, 
  you make me happy my gym is 18 +, 
  wait leifman got demodded ? 
  he was my favourite shitposter, 
  you can have problems from too much fat even if you 're in a normal bmi range . 
  skinnyfat is a problem . 
  do you not have a bench press station ? 
  where are you from ? 
  i assume my gym does it to avoid responsibility for injuries/care of underage people, 
   bench press smith machine, 
  jesus christ how horrifying . 
  yeah my gym has no bench stations at all so people just db bench or use the power cage . 
  a squat rack does n't have 4 poles by the way , that pic is a power cage, 
  my gym has one squat rack , one power cage and one smith machine , but like 20 treadmills and ellipticals . 
  smh, 
  yeah i know it 's kind of common in community centre kind of deals but never in actual standalone gyms . 
  i ca n't imagine trying to work out with little kids in the same room as you, 
  the most common thing i see with the smith machine is people doing things the wrong direction . 
  the one at my gym goes up on an angle which makes things like squats much more difficult than they need to be if you 're doing it the wrong way , same with ohp . 
  i know you want to look at yourself in the mirror dude but really you 're doing it wrong . 
  surprisingly most of the people at my gym use the free weights section or the cable cross , at least during the day when i go . 
  i 've seen more older people do cardio when i went a couple times at night, 
  low macros is the same as low calories, 
   loading creatine, 
  how are you getting cramps and diarrhea from creatine ? 
  never heard of that before,
