  is that a satire sub or, 
  edit : it seems to be like / r/iamverysmart making fun of the posts, 
  racist means you write racist crap in your post history and are now downplaying it when you get called out . 
  get outta here with that weak shit, 
  nah i got banned for saying a slur accidentally . 
  even if i did n't mean it it still puts people down for no reason . 
  it was fair, 
   i never said there was a better system than capitalism , just that this problem was specific to capitalism . 
  no class traitor state-capitalism, 
  capitalism does n't even work on paper though . 
  social programs and government regulations are not socialism, 
  you do n't get to murder people for vandalism, 
  it 's 10:31 pm on valentine 's day and i 'm drinking by myself feeling like shit . 
  you lads better fucking make today better than mine, 
  i 'm sad every day, 
  why are you , an ayncrap , even posting here ? 
  lmao, 
  #posting guidelines, 
  - fascists, 
  - reactionaries, 
  get your meme ideology out of here, 
  lol, 
   you 'll claim that you do n't go live on the street because you 're trying to change society from within it , you need to exist as part of the state to truly change it ,, 
  so you 've talked to all of 0 communist/left-libertarians/anarchists ? 
  this is what liberals actually believe . 
  why would socialists or communists give a shit about the election ? 
  as mentioned in another thread he was supposed to earn $ 24/hour, 
  watcher druid crushed aggro like no tomorrow , that 's why, 
   but that does not make me a marxist . 
  no shit you 're still a capitalist . 
  every one of marx 's ideas are wrong ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  you recognise the problems but for whatever reason are afraid of the solution . 
  `` muh human nature '' is not a real argument, 
  you 'll end up hating the rest day as you want to get back to it . 
  six days is perfect, 
  not to dissuade you but it took me over a month to stop being hungry . 
  it does happen you 'll make it bro, 
   instead of a large one ( schooner ), 
  the eastern states are so wrong . 
  the schooner is the little one damn it, 
  some of the few actually good terrorists, 
  i want to cry, 
  cook and eat the rich, 
  never go full propaganda, 
  i do n't know how i feel about this, 
  sleep tight comrade pupper, 
  it does n't matter where you inject hgh , it goes throughout your entire system, 
  this is some zesty shit, 
  this is the funniest video on the internet, 
  this me, 
  i 'm on at least five layers of irony right now, 
  mate we know like three things at least, 
  i mean i 've had it for years here so it was never banned lol, 
   marijuana is the most important thing to me, 
  imagine caring so little about everything else lol, 
   just not 15-20 cans like a normal night haha . 
  you might have been an alcoholic lmao, 
  his fucking forearm at 11:30 -21:00 lmao, 
  liberals centre right ? 
  having a giggle are we, 
   but if someone tries to practice it on me . 
  people will die !, 
  deaths will be necessary for any actual revolution to succeed, 
  `` risk '' lol . 
  eat the rich, 
  gorehowl was played in control warrior before all those cards existed and was a staple, 
  i do n't disagree that it 's not as viable but it still might be, 
  nah we need less, 
  srd just went peak fucking liberal in these comments . 
  there needs to be deaths for a revolution to succeed, 
  what are the australian actual leftist groups/parties etc ? 
  dank memes are the real revisionism . 
  zesty or gulag, 
  does n't even make sense here . 
  get your meme word out of here, 
  power of the horde does n't draw horde tagged cards, 
   choose minimum wage ( for the area ) job . 
  check . 
  like it 's a choice you fucking apologist, 
  which is the point . 
  the druid card could summon worgen minions without there being a tribal tag, 
  some people who moderate an internet forum for free endorsed a candidate . 
  this is serious business and noteworthy . 
   left-leaning website like reddit, 
  let 's kill toxic masculinity, 
  me as well comrade, 
  are you against it ? 
   who are this guys again ? 
    anti-gamergate skeleton warrior lunatics . 
     seriously , on the front page of / r/criclebroke right now there 's literally a post whining about `` berniebros '' . 
  sometimes i wonder what a self-aware kia would look like but it seems impossible now, 
  what 's with all the weird dimples all over it ? 
  is it for the tracking or just aesthetic, 
  oh i have him tagged i was just casting the hook :\\ ^ ) it 's always funny to hear men claim to be for men 's rights but dismiss the actual problems and instead blame women, 
  and by funny i mean infuriating, 
  lol, 
  thanks , that 's pretty interesting albeit does n't look great but i guess it does n't matter if you 're wearing it as you ca n't see them, 
  bernie sanders is a soc dem not a dem soc . 
  he is still capitalist swine,
