  its a political movement full of people who want to shift blame for devaluation of black lives to whites . 
  gangsta culture is ending black lives en masse , not cops . 
  this is what reactionaries actually believe, 
  yep , and ? 
  because i 'm white i ca n't acknowledge racism exists ? 
  lmao, 
  m8 i 'm blinding . 
  reactionaries get really upset when you use their language against them, 
   the actual problem is militarization of the police , police misconduct , and lack of accountability , which effects citizens of all races . 
  blm is n't even protesting that issue . 
  blm does not have a monopoly on protesting . 
  you can go out there and protest that as well if you feel strongly about it, 
  reading comprehension was hard for me too when i was in middle school, 
  you are the definition of a reactionary fucknugget, 
  your feels might tell you it 's only black people 's fault but the reality does n't match, 
  no as this can be caused by any random error . 
  there is y2k 2.0 though in [ 2038 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/year_2038_problem ), 
  if you feel the need to carry a gun around in your day to day life to feel safe then your head or your country is fucked, 
  right ? 
  like eight reddit threads and tons of comments about all the hate but i have seen zero hate even at the bottom of threads, 
  delete this, 
  i guess some memes have n't made their way to reddit yet, 
  til what a condo actually is . 
  i 've been wondering for years but never cared enough to search it and just thought it was a fancy apartment, 
  well shit that makes it way more complicated . 
  thanks, 
  why ? 
  do you prefer neoconservative ? 
  american democrats are pretty right wing compared to the rest of the world and you 're probably not even actually left wing if you were called a reactionary . 
  neoconservative/reactionary/brocialists can not be on my side by definition, 
  op since the staff was covering half her face to begin with ? 
   and these six `` youths '', 
  the article said `` young black men . '', 
  you do n't need to use your code words, 
  that post is probably longer than all his high school essays combined . 
  my god, 
   obviously there have been many more terrible movies -- the phantom menace , ishtar , battlefield earth , grown ups ii , ** love actually , ** etc. 
  emphasis mine . 
  who hates love actually ? 
  princess leia is transitioning **, 
   it 's not actually specified in the script , but it 's pretty obvious from princess leia 's new leather jerkin look ( and her ridiculous made-up caitlyn-style name general organa ) why it is that she and han solo are no longer an item . 
  l m b o. i ca n't read any more . 
  did breitbart open up a satire column ? 
   liberalism breeds dumbness and stupidity by design, 
  yes but not their definition of liberalism :\\ ^ ), 
  tay tay is perfect, 
  imagine being this unfunny, 
  do we ? 
  it 's not on my cider and i ca n't recall it being on beer . 
  there 's always the alcohol % and how many standard drinks it is though, 
  once i got the normal regenerating health perk i never used a stimpack again, 
  [ i killed him and nuked boston :\\ ^ ) ] ( / spoiler ), 
   but food was super cheap , maybe $ 120 for the three days . 
  what . 
  how is $ 40 per day on food cheap ? 
  were you feeding a family or something ? 
  instant coffee is the sole use of mine, 
  ye it 's only 90 dollarydoos now but still expensive as fuck, 
  a phone might be $ 800 but they could get thousands from the ad revenue of the video , especially if it goes viral, 
  not only does qui gon become a force ghost , he teaches yoda who presumably teaches obi wan . 
  this is covered in the clone wars tv show which is canon, 
  if it 's an unestablished channel then yes they 're probably gambling on it going viral , or they 're rich enough already for it to just be for fun . 
  phone companies would not sponsor some dipshit smashing their flagship product for views, 
  if it 's more than 300 it 'll be doa, 
   using the word `` bitch '' gets you banned from that place . 
  good . 
  ban all reactionaries, 
   and who the fuck reads / r/me _ irl [ 1 ] comments ? 
  how else am i supposed to laugh at reactionaries who are flabbergasted that communists actually exist, 
  its still a garbage sub, 
   not to mention , she 's apparently backordered 6-8 weeks and works 7 days a week -- obviously doing something right . 
  from the thread :, 
   honestly i would be surprised if more than a dozen or so of these sold per year . 
  b-but * i * would n't buy it therefore she 's a hack that sells nothing . 
  lmao according to the blog part of her website she makes shit tonnes of these . 
  good for her, 
  you 're going to have to buy it it seems as i could n't find a pdf, 
   i know polandball wants to grow more organically and not go to absolute shit too quickly . 
  this was maybe a valid excuse at 5k subs , but / r/polandball has been shit since then, 
  you post in lostgeneration so i assume you recognise the problem , but the answer is not libertarianism . 
  it is fullcommunism, 
  lol, 
   sorry , not a big fan of bodybags ,, 
  do you know how many people starve to death in capitalist countries every year ? 
  ( hint , millions ) that would not happen under fullcommunism, 
  do they want it to be dead on arrival ? 
  they paid for the first development kit they got like two years ago now , not an additional final release product, 
  australia does n't even have to pay customs if it 's under $ 1000 so it 's like scientifically designed to fuck people over, 
  just letting you know reddit does n't do `` bumping threads '' , once it 's fallen off the first few pages most people will never see it again . 
  comments dont bring it back up to the top, 
  the 51 % ownership thing is mostly a myth, 
  runway shows basically * are * performance art, 
  fashion is art, 
  it 's not an excuse , it 's fact, 
  lmao thank god you 're not in charge of what is and isnt art, 
  you are objectively wrong, 
  ironically but they still believe it, 
  the definition of art is not up for debate . 
  you can consider it shitty art but you can not say that it is n't art . 
   you 'd probably defend someone shitting in a bag and putting it in an art museum .
