  okay , so you expect me to believe that you were the very best that your generation of navy seals had to offer ? 
  i highly doubt that . 
  if you were as good as you say you were , i do n't think for a second that you would be browsing 4chan . 
  this is mostly a place for jobless neckbeards that still live with their parents , and nerdy high school kids that do n't have any friends . 
  it really is n't the place for highly-trained assassins to be hanging out in their spare time . 
  even if it was , something far worse than a troll being mean to you probably would have set you off a long time ago . 
  what about the slew of gore and child pornography that gets posted here on a regular basis ? 
  is n't that something that deserves a person being hunted down and made to regret their actions ? 
  yeah , you 're just not the 4chan type . 
  sure , there 's a wide variety of people that browse here , but you 're far from the core demograpic if you are who you say you are ( which is n't the case ) . 
  even if it were true that you 're an incredibly talented soldier , i think all the military dispiline would prevent you from getting mad enough to murder some random idiot on the internet . 
  i also doubt that even the best seals have a `` secret network of spies across the usa '' . 
  why would all of the most expanisive big brother network in the world be willing to help a troubled ptsd-sufferer hunt down some random kid on the internet ? 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  if you 're gon na try to scare somebody , make it more believable than `` im a super soldier hurr durr '' . 
  you might frighten a thirteen year old who does n't know any better , but to must of us you just look like a kid with an anger problem and a very active imagination . 
  hopefully things will be easier for you when your puberty 's over . 
  best of luck with that ... kiddo, 
  [ fite me irl ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/16aho4/coll_gorilla_warfarenavy_seal_variations/c7u8jpu ), 
  obviously it 's none of my business , but it 's constructive criticism . 
  he looks homeless and in my opinion its hurting the brand, 
  except geoff is an adult and greaselord looks like a dirty teenager that wandered into their office, 
   for legal reasons , i would like to inform all of you that the text below is 100 % fictitious and that none of this actually occurred . 
  what follows is an exercise in creative writing . 
  its like youtube descriptions all over again `` no copyright intended '', 
  law does not work this way lol, 
   downvoting in an np thread, 
  you 're not supposed to vote in linked threads , thats why you got banned . 
  np or not , that 's literally the definition of brigading, 
  yeah but any voting in linked threads is considered brigading . 
  that 's why there 's shutloads of shadowbanned users in bestof, 
   generally agreed upon roblems with reddit, 
  censorship, 
  commercialization, 
  no transparency, 
  no communication, 
  no respect, 
  do redditors really believe anything is being censored by the admins ? 
  or that reddit is becoming too commercialized ? 
  lol, 
  there definitely needs to be better protection so normally innocent users do n't get shadowbanned because they did n't realise they were breaking the rules, 
  nothing better than dual 1887s until they nerfed that too, 
  australians are and we 're on na :\\ ^ ), 
  i hate the people cutting that bitch about comments like this . 
  eating a lot is pretty fucking hard if you do n't have like super diabetes-inducing food around all the time . 
  i know i 've had to really push to eat an extra sandwich or something around 11pm after eating a lot all day because dinner was unexpectedly low and hating every second of it . 
  i 'm with you man , i wish i was cutting, 
  i have hundreds of hours in mw2 pc , it was definitely op on pc, 
  what do you snack on ? 
  i have a 500 cal breakfast ( all that i can handle for the morning , vegemite + cheese on toast . 
  recently got peanut butter so that should help ) , maybe a banana around 12 , gym 1-2ish then lunch after ( 600-700 if i 'm lucky , usually a meat and salad sandwich with lots of meat , or something like baked beans on toast ) , protein shake ( two scoops , 400 ? 
  ) , then dinner is any kind of meat and vegetables which is only 800 on a good day, 
  so i 'm supposed to have at least 1000 more kcal even after breakfast , lunch and dinner . 
  i 've found it really difficult lately, 
  he kicked my arse all last night so it 's safe to say he 's the same . 
  i 'll get you soon golem . . 
  thanks , managed to get him this time with the eye of cthulu yoyo, 
  i am australian but close , only the other side of the world, 
  darqwolff is my favourite because of how overly long and up his own arse it is, 
   blowing off girl crossing the road with her boyfriend, 
   feeling alpha about `` blowing off '' some girl crossing the road with her boyfriend that you only looked at, 
   being this autistic that you believe some random woman actually wanted to fuck you after seeing you in your shitty '95 sedan at the stoplights while walking home with chad, 
  this guys entire extended family apparently work out at my gym, 
  i am, 
  peanut butter saved my bulk, 
  my left shoulder pops on the way back down . 
  everything i 've read says popping is fine unless it hurts , then talk to your doctor, 
  your liver and kidneys ( ? ), 
  detox everything by themselves . 
  do n't buy in to a fad, 
  master chief really atrophied after all that hibernating in deep space, 
  i just want my arms to be bigger than my calves after the walk home from the gym, 
  this is not literally me , i do n't know any girls, 
  me as well comrade \u262d, 
   seen sunday 3:56 am, 
  i wish i knew, 
  speak for yourself, 
  where are these mythical high calorie ham and cheese baguettes ? 
  i struggle to get my ham sandwiches over 500 calories and i put a lot of mayo and cheese in them ; _ ;, 
  edit : this is serious , i actually want high calorie food . 
  forgot this sub was full of fatties losing weight, 
  can you show us a recent picture of you ? 
  / r/okay, 
  yep , 5x12-15 on push days, 
  i know right , i thought everyone here was single . 
  god damn normies, 
  me as well comrade, 
  yishan what 's one change you 'd love to have made to reddit but did n't in case of massive backlash, 
  why is it raining just under my eyes, 
  why are you doing this, 
  haha because it 's french toast and you drew them to look like the stereotypical french person, 
   ryan haywood is one of those youtubers that i would love to just have verbally abuse me until i cry . 
  i 'd like to wear a padded bra and put on a red wig to cosplay as meg and just be sitting in my room watching the new lets play when ryan walks in with cruel intentions and i beg and beg him not to do anything but he rigs my bed with a dildo to fuck me to sleep every night and finally he comes in and says `` are you still in the air ? '', 
  and i scream `` yes '' and eventually he shits on my chest and forces me to eat it while teasing my cock with a diamond sword and finally sucks me off as a gesture of gaywood love . 
  nice tris, 
   many people have good reason to not like ellen pao . 
  really ? 
  the only thing we know she did was shut down fph . 
  kn0thing fired victoria . 
  ellen did nothing to deserve all the backlash against her,
