  the one about how they race and the hare is so fast they take a nap halfway through as the tortoise will never catch up but oversleeps and the tortoise wins even walking so slowly . 
  a tale of the best not winning every time due to their flaws and to be humble etc, 
  well he napped because he was so confident he 'd win anyway, 
  this is why you then read * das kapital *, 
  that 's fair, 
   what i mean by this is look at any skeleton 's ideas on the economy . 
  they absolutely hate capitalism through and through . 
  yeah i 'll admit capitalism has a lot of problems , but it 's the best economic model we have . 
  capitalism does n't even work on paper but sure buddy :\\ ^ ), 
  how much does public school cost around there ? 
  has n't adelaide had this for years ? 
  mate, 
  you do n't pay for public school in america/ny state ? 
  i just googled for australia where i live and it 's allegedly free here too but we still had to pay 3-400 yearly, 
  i watched a movie ( ? ), 
  recently with a woman who looks just like that but it 's been kinda long so i ca n't remember what movie or who she might 've been and it 's currently driving me insane until i forget about this in a few minutes but even then it 'll bug me for the rest of the night, 
   my dad is not a racist , fake christian . 
  all of this is my fault and i 'm the only one to blame . 
  that message is totally coerced right ? 
  sounds exactly like something i did back in the day after my parents found something i wrote once about them and forced me to say otherwise, 
  whole lot of listening and believing in that kia thread, 
  emperor sheev is a fascist dictator . 
  mods feel like emperor sheev . 
  therefore mods are fascist dictators . 
  congratulations if you were going for a sentence where none of the words rhyme, 
   the trouble is , the value of the final product is not equal to the value of the time spent for any arbitrary individual to produce said product . 
  this is your brain on capitalism, 
  i live here . 
  our immigration policy is completely fucked, 
  you have like ... no idea about any leftist ideas lmao, 
  do you know how many capitalist states failed before capitalism became mainstream ? 
  more than you 'd think, 
   sorry hurt anyones feelings by not jerking along with your anti-jerk-jerk or whatever the fuck this sub is . 
  we are the meme internet defence force and you violated our rules with your reddit meme hat inclining : ddddddddddddd, 
  a senator being convicted of taking bribes = convicted anti gamer, 
  i m a g i n a t i o n l a n d, 
  ur still the shit mod that wont give us flair, 
  it was linked on the_fascist with +1700, 
  you are in violation of international law . 
  stop this memeing at once, 
   if you post a letter complaining about your wages , it is best if it does n't reek of entitlement . 
    especially when it sounds like she had full healthcare coverage with minimal copays . 
  yeah fuck the poor because she had one aspect of her life better than yours . 
  / r/brogressive strikes again . 
  it 's fucking disheartening to see how many people who claim to be left are anything but, 
  first animal -  first humans, 
  reactionary shithole is never a `` better one '', 
  leftypol are revisionist brocialists, 
  this but unironically, 
  explain the australian liberal party being hard right then, 
  liberals please go, 
  https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sjw-to-skeleton/kckodmjikeoncekpplppkkcjolofmacc ? 
  gulag, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's written from the ground up by the developer/owner of voat but yes it does borrow reddit 's look, 
  it 's super gross how nerds think they 're entitled to see cosplay professionals naked because they might dress revealingly at conventions, 
  this is a trick question and they 're all reddit are n't they, 
   it 's getting to the point where every time i read a headline with the words `` racially motivated attack '' my brain autocorrects to `` likely racial hoax '', 
  also fuck this person, 
  socialism is :, 
  what if we earned the full value of what we produce, 
  [ philosoraptor picture ], 
  instead of giving it to our boss and letting them exploit us, 
  / r/socialismvcapitalism is the good one even though it 's smaller, 
   bernie flair, 
  checks out, 
  it always was, 
  this is upsetting, 
   the best part is how they do n't understand that speaking about these things is the only way to combat it . 
  you do n't eliminate ** `` racists '' ** by silencing them . 
  that just makes them take it out somewhere else . 
   effectively their efforts make the problem they want to combat much worse . 
  then you are n't silencing them hard enough . 
  fucking kia putting quotations around racists in regard to the ku klux klan, 
  edit : emphasis mine, 
  voting in bourgeois elections is n't leftist, 
   but fantasising about killing/imprisoning the large portion of the world who would n't go along with glorious communist revolution , throwing the world into chaos is ? 
  no basis for this claim, 
   all to try out a type of society that we wo n't know if it will work until you 've literally forced the entire world into it , based on assumptions and theories that there 's no such thing as human nature or inherent greed and that these will all fade with capitalism . 
  lol, 
   no my dankest comrade , hamstringing the human race so all run at the same speed is n't leftist . 
  lol, 
  nice try racist, 
  no one is saying cripple the doctor . 
  at least know what you 're talking about . 
  you are also probably confusing personal/private property if you disagree with the idea of abolishing private property . 
  communism is for the people , for the workers , for the exploited majority . 
  and yes a violent revolution is the only way as the bourgeoisie are not just going to let us take what they 've stolen from the people . 
  you claim to be near socialist but apparently have no idea what socialism even is, 
  australia is n't even close to social democracy , we are very much like the yanks with two right wing parties having a duopoly . 
  call yourself what you want but socialism is and will always be the workers owning the means of production . 
  do not confuse social democracy ( you , bernie sanders , `` scandinavia '' , ~ ~ class traitors ~ ~ ) with democratic socialism or actual socialism . 
  nanny state capitalism is not socialism, 
  do you even know what tankie means ? 
  not applicable once again . 
  socialism is the worker ownership of the means of production . 
  there is no other definition of socialism . 
  me too comrade . 
  some liberal tried to tell me that the definition of socialism is now social democracy yesterday and the actual definition was `` outdated . '', 
  i was so close to posting that here, 
  linking a userpage does nothing as np .
