  most pubs and cafes, 
  to be fair liberal ideology is trash as well and encompasses conservatism, 
  it 's not enough to be smug against 98 % of the population , they have to be smug against 98.03 % of the population by hating so-called `` tankies '' [ ] ( #dprkdidnothingwrong ), 
  photorealism continues to be the most boring style . 
  put some actual creativity into your work, 
  have you never been in a hotel before ? 
  we are not democrats, 
  fighting in imperialist wars is not honorable, 
  nationalism was a mistake . 
  free speech is a mistake, 
  do n't fool yourself , the democrats are the same, 
  why would you praise anyone for being a war veteran ? 
  glandular problems can cause you to gain at most a few pounds . 
  any more and it 's just an excuse, 
  i was taught to name tables in plural title case, 
  it 's not anti-semitic to be against israel and their genocide of the palestinians, 
  the shitty overcooked bacon makes this, 
  whats the significance of that date ? 
  i regret asking, 
  where were you when history was made ? 
  they normalised the cars recently with the start of season 5 to only a few classes of stats which are shared between dlc and standard cars in each class . 
  there 's no advantage/disadvantage any more, 
  why is the egg white ? 
  alexis looks like when matthew murdock uses his super-hearing to locate something and his eyes just look blankly around, 
  is n't that a light switch ? 
  these switches are for the power socket itself so you do n't shock yourself while plugging something in, 
  i frequently get sparks from just turning the switch on so i assumed you 'd get the same from plugging into a live socket, 
   have the online reviews ( google , yelp , etc ) been updated to account for the company 's poor attention to workers ' rights ( and by extension , customer service quality ) ? 
  liberal activism lol, 
  otherwise known as `` beef schnitzel '', 
  because they 're substitutes to try and replicate meat products . 
  non-substitute vegan food has their own names, 
  if a business ca n't afford a 6 cent transaction fee they should close down, 
  because this myth has been debunked already, 
  look up `` the black book of communism . '', 
  even the main sources for the book decried the author as obsessed with trying to inflate the numbers, 
   fuck straights right guys !, 
  this but unironically, 
  yep, 
  paddy or patrick . 
  never patty . 
  foodhack : buy fresh mince meat as you need it so you do n't have to waste time thawing it out and having gross frozen sludge in your meat, 
  exhibit 1 : it 's not a neoliberal shithole, 
  as opposed to making thousands doing nothing themselves ? 
  small business owners are still scum, 
  just because it is legal does n't make it moral, 
  it 's [ this face ] ( https://www.frankerfacez.com/emoticon/130762-monkas ) . 
  use the [ better twitch tv ] ( https://nightdev.com/betterttv/ ) browser plugin and you get a lot more emotes, 
  if you 're not trolling it 's [ this face ] ( https://www.frankerfacez.com/emoticon/130762-monkas ) . 
  use the [ better twitch tv ] ( https://nightdev.com/betterttv/ ) browser plugin and you get a lot more emotes, 
  thanks, 
  white people were a mistake, 
  god 's, 
  brocialists get out, 
  i 'm white so it 's ok, 
  racism against white people does n't exist using the leftist definition of racism, 
  why does the bread look so cake-like, 
  you mean contemporary art instead of modern art, 
  you might be sexist, 
  you might be anti-science, 
  socialism and communism are interchangeable words in marxism, 
  breaking : different words have different meanings depending on how they are used . 
  film at 11, 
  sarcastic racism is still racism, 
  racial slurs are racist . 
  the shortened form of aboriginal is a racial slur . 
  transitive property and all that, 
  lincoln was n't that bad, 
  castro helped cuba to become one of the best countries to live in and is loved by his citizens . 
  ca n't say half of the united states likes lincoln, 
  which of those became like that under heavy embargoes ? 
  this is what anti-union propaganda makes people actually believe, 
  two of my rooms seem stuck in rad roach infestation mode after i tried to fast track my water supply and now nothing is happening and my happiness is plummeting . 
  there are no visible rad roaches , just the little dig down holes in the floor , the rooms are lit up green like they 're under attack and none of my rooms are producing anything . 
  i tried putting guys in the rooms , i tried taking them all out and restarting the app but nothing . 
  anyone know how to fix ? 
  i tried skipping ahead a day via the phone clock but it does n't do anything . 
  iphone 5s , latest ios, 
  always accompanied by `` breh '' or `` brehs '' etc. 
  you see it a lot on the 4chan fitness board, 
  edit : it 's reverend jesse jackson crying about obama being elected in 2008 . 
  [ video here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7tt6r-t8ay ), 
  i see `` random team has done a no hitter '' every week on / r/all and last month there was some pizza deal or something if it happened . 
  why ? 
  they seem common enough . 
  is it a no hitter as in the person throwing the ball sucked or the person batting sucked ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm happy to see khaled so happy . 
  must be the angels and lion . 
  bless up, 
  [ removed ], 
  in one of the earlier episodes ( i think 5-6ish ) where they first met lady kima they did a shuffle around of armor a few times . 
  i ca n't remember the exact sequence but i think grog ended up with vax 's old or new armor after grog 's old set was melted by the black ooze , which was then given to lady kima which was then given to vex ( after protest from vax ) once kima found the gold armor . 
  what has grog been wearing ? 
  i 've probably missed something in all the hours since it 's happened . 
  it 's been hilarious imagining him naked this whole time but i 've been wondering, 
   sometimes i wonder if people on reddit have ever lived in the inner city . 
  these laws exist because good people decide that the best thing for homeless people is to feed and clothe them . 
  homeless people then flock to downtown areas where food is given out and a massive problem festers . 
   you may think it 's cops being dicks but these are the guys that actually have to deal with the homeless beyond the pleasant times where you are giving them free food .
