   and moving on, 
  from the / r/fullcommunism carrot about half an hour ago, 
  that 's the weirdest bacon i 've ever seen . 
  why is it so thin and mostly fat ? 
  this is unsurprisingly common in the mind of the alt right, 
  violents protests just make you look like thugs , sign a petition like everyone else, 
  garden variety reactionary, 
   sex-negative, 
   contemporary feminism, 
   this is wrong , i mean if you hate trump so much just vote against him . 
  lol, 
  nt news has the best headlines, 
   i do n't care how much artistic merit your works has , if you 're applying it to someone else 's property without permission , you 're a vandal . 
  muh private property, 
  personal property is not private property, 
  why have money at all ? 
  do u realise ur in a communist subreddit, 
  kiwifruit specifically come with a [ spife ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c24b50l.jpg ) because you cut them in half and scoop their flesh out . 
  ca n't believe some people eat the skin lmao, 
   thankfully , under capitalism people do n't starve to death . 
  pure, 
  in australia the spife is very common when buying kiwifruit from supermarkets, 
  reddit is only pro g and only when it makes them look good . 
  forgets about the l_bt parts very often, 
  wow i really have lived a lot of weeks [ . 
  ] ( #i dont want to live any more ), 
  they love the memes but hate who makes them . 
  so weird, 
   i 'm a piece of shit , therefore everyone else is a piece of shit too, 
  you mean 2016 announced the date for 2017, 
  get down on your knees and lick their boots guys . 
   protests not allowed, 
  like protesters care about that lol, 
  fuark i could n't even buy one avocado for a dollar here, 
   implying peaceful protests accomplish anything, 
  htsn-nasj aus/asia server , lots of slots left, 
  i think uk uses double yellow for what most countries use single yellow for . 
  so wherever this is could do the same, 
  centre right labor is red , far right liberals are blue in aus . 
  holds up, 
  revision several hours every day with 5-10 min breaks hourly , go over each week , rewrite notes about each week and then rewrite them again on to your cheat sheet if you got one . 
  worked well for me but i do n't know for sure until results come back . 
  all by hand , no typing, 
  i hope you do n't actually believe this, 
  p sure you can not vote but you still have to show up to the voting stations to tell them that, 
   [ mfw the nation is divided over two almost identical bourgeois political parties ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x5ykgvy.gif ), 
   not only have you now turned a peaceful protest to something that angers in the wrong way , but you have also injured ( or worse ) innocent cops . 
   innocent, 
   cops, 
  cb2 has had this really weird anti-leftist lean the last couple months . 
  i stopped going there after they banned me for telling a mod to fuck off after another anti-leftist mod post, 
  also dae communists = evil totalitarian state capitalist tankies that want to murder trillions ? 
  please . 
  i want to murder * quadrillions *, 
  did he actually use ml ( marxist leninist ) as an insult ? 
  lol, 
   blacks, 
  do n't say this, 
  `` blacks '' is almost exclusively used by racists . 
  say `` black people '' or something more humanising, 
  i just got the hamburger menu removed for a bottom panel on ios so it 's something ? 
  no idea when this happened, 
  a general bachelor of computer science/software engineering would be a pretty good plan b because not only can you work on making games but also making apps/software for any other field . 
  i 'm currently working on mine now even though there 's a specific games design/development major because of this reason, 
  it 's my plan a but for op would be the backup, 
  my guess would be it 'd depend on how technical it was . 
  if the degree was mostly art/3d graphics/theory of design then it 's less valuable to generic software engineering but if it was programming heavy then you should have a good chance, 
  but [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vwsttvi.jpg ) is a sausage . 
  no one outside of america would think seasoned minced meat, 
  i know what a sausage contains . 
  that is what people refer to when they say sausage though . 
  i do n't even think you can buy the filling by itself here, 
  are they not owned by the state ? 
  this varies wildly by area . 
  where i live there 's six gyms visible and five of them have been red since day one . 
  even when yellow or blue manage to take one down it 's back to red a couple hours later, 
  you can get all these items at least a few times by leveling up and the default storage space is quite generous so no . 
  you also get the currency by holding gyms so you can buy everything ( not sure about storage ) for free, 
  thanks i wanted to check but the servers are down for me at the moment, 
   steroids are incredibly addictive substances and so normally you want to cycle on and off so that you do n't create dependency or start to develop a tolerance . 
  you cycle off for health reasons . 
  steroids are not addictive at all and you ca n't build a tolerance they will just get less effective the bigger you get . 
  if you call that a tolerance sure, 
  mate you put a spider in a glass not a bowl, 
  black lives matter * too *, 
  i would n't complain about `` stalinists '' in / r/fullcommunism tovarisch, 
  in dnd 5e you get disadvantage on attacks if you 're within 5 feet of an enemy and you cast a spell/use a bow so it 's rooted in oldschool rpgs, 
  call it what you want he 's still shit for perpetuating it, 
  why does the bread look like cake, 
  this is fake there are n't 3 instinct players in real life, 
  dude i had this same problem . 
  had everything point , truecolor etc but it was blurry as heck but this fixed it for me < 3, 
  being between freedom and fascism supports fascism . 
  link works for me, 
  anything u want to talk about ? 
  i saw unityads at the bottom of an ad so it looks like unity which surprises me, 
  im very upset that americans call this a sandwich, 
  but the play i want to see is going to be over before i can see it :(, 
  thank you very much, 
  fully automated luxury gay space communism,
