  i think you 'll find most people theses days are feminist, 
   you people do n't get a monopoly on gender equality . 
  what does this even mean lol, 
   especially with some of that heavenly soy sauce/vinegar . 
  m8 its curry not chinese, 
  eat the rich, 
  op also meant `` transgender man '' not `` transsexual woman '', 
   everyone is pro equality and the world ( i live in ) reflects that, 
  that is what i said, 
   the problem is new age crazy feminism . 
  lol, 
  feminism is equality . 
  you 're saying everyone is feminist , which is basically what i said, 
   yeah but i just added that current feminism is not equality . 
  lol, 
   so ... you do n't think 3rd wave feminism exists ? 
  there is a reason people like susan sarandon veers away from labeling herself as a feminist these days , and that reason is crazy ass 3rd wave feminism . 
  do you even know what third wave feminism even is or when it started ? 
  this is embarrassing, 
  lol, 
   men and women are n't equal so feminism is a stupid concept from the outset . 
  no one is saying men and women are literally exactly same but that 's probably not what you meant, 
  lol, 
  good, 
  why is this a bad thing ? 
  it 's not even major things different between dimensions , like usa being a totalitarian nazi state or star wars only having one movie . 
  it 's always common misquotes/misremembered things and bad geography lessons . 
  mandela effect dudes need a better imagination, 
   when you get married , the higher earner is on the hook . 
  before marriage if you break up the higher earner should n't have to pay shit . 
  when it 's a de facto marriage then yes they should ? 
  it 's designed to protect people like the ex in the post, 
  lol, 
   militant feminists, 
  do you even know what militant means ? 
  shitposting on reddit does not make one militant, 
  if you are for gender equality you are by definition a feminist . 
  that 's what words mean, 
  i 'm my own person , there is no `` you guys '' . 
  there is no feminist cabal trying to kill all white men or whatever you kia nerds believe, 
   cabal ? 
  nah , just a bunch of privileged ass white kids stroking each other off and victimizing women to in an attempt to crush puss . 
  lol how does me being feminist equate to victimizing women ? 
  do you need a dictionary ? 
  also as opposed to a bunch of privileged ass white kids stroking each other off and victimizing women because they attempt to speak their mind about childrens video games lmao, 
  since when is gandhi black ? 
   you tell women they 're victims of some patriarchy boogeyman . 
  you tell them they 're being oppressed with silly things like `` gender disparities '' and `` rape culture . '', 
   the fact that you take aim at media ( movies , video games , books , etc. ), 
  shows the world exactly how good you have it , and that feminism is largely obsolete here . 
  please be satire . 
  you are n't actually ignorant enough to believe this right ? 
  i just feel embarrassed for you at this point, 
   not sure why the fact that she dated this dude means she should be compensated financially like this . 
  you understand that women stop working to take care of children and ruin their careers right ? 
  men can do it too but it happens so much less often . 
  they ca n't just get working right away as if nothing happened , so it 's to compensate for their time being a stay at home parent as well as lost career potential, 
   what the fuck is a defacto marriage ? 
  marriage is something you agree to and comes with a contract . 
  you are obviously wrong, 
  good thing too , otherwise you might have had to re-evaluate being a misogynist piece of shit, 
  being anti-feminist is misogynistic . 
  do i need to break out the dictionary for the third time ? 
  you are part of a misogynist reactionary hate movement . 
  so yeah you 're a piece of shit misogynist, 
  just lol, 
  mandatory blood tests seems a bit much , do they not have breathalyzers in america ? 
  bit surprised at how angry they are about drink driving stops though . 
  they are very common and accepted in australia, 
   hahahahahahahaha, 
  and there we have it folks !, 
  are you denying reality now ? 
  how do you even get to this level of non-self-awareness, 
   wow ... you can be about equality without being a feminist . 
  sure , but you can not be for gender equality without being a feminist . 
   you really do n't see the damage modern feminism and regressive left is doing to the rights of all individuals ? 
  what the fuck is `` regressive left '' ? 
  what damage has been done to the rights of individuals ? 
  not being able to call your boss a bitch ? 
   and spouts bullshit biased statistics to support their claims . 
   feminism was something that was originally useful that 's grown into this giant sexist , constantly offended , victimized beast . 
  actually its good now, 
  / r/badwomensanatomy, 
  lmao someone in there posted a canadian passport, 
  their time is probably stored as unix time on the facebook servers which is counted in seconds from i think 1969 december 31st midnight as 0 , so if there 's some error it will default back to then , or 46 years ago, 
  it 's fine i was n't implying you were , just that a lot of people get this confused so i try to educate where possible, 
  lol, 
  considering `` naxx out pogchamp '' is still a meme for hearthstone i do n't see hl3 memes dying any time soon, 
  whenever you want . 
  i only wear socks to the gym or when wearing jeans with boots, 
  if you reach 30 as a virgin you become a wizard , or so legend says, 
  i think i 'd rather die of lung cancer than vape and i do n't even smoke, 
  lol, 
   arrest them , charge them , convict them , and imprison them . 
  i know disorderly conduct wo n't get them long in a local jail , but every day these asshats are kept off the street is worth it . 
  never go full reactionary, 
  oh no you had to acknowledge black people exist , poor white boy :'(, 
  you need to bring attention to it though . 
  everyone in this thread is ignoring the actual problem and blaming the people protesting for it, 
   black lives matter is a fucking joke .
