  why do you take so much ? 
  loading has not been found effective for creatine and it 's widely recommended to just take 5g daily . 
  especially if it 's giving you side effects like that, 
  triceps are the sleeve fillers, 
  how tall is he ? 
  he looks really short here, 
  you must be new to bodybuilding haha, 
  people do n't like cardio because it 's `` hard '' and uses extra energy so it `` takes your gains '' if you do n't eat even more than your standard bulking diet . 
  i do n't do cardio and i do n't really plan to, 
  having pre made decks for brawls is just more fun than making your own decks, 
  iifym is n't denying the importance of micros but for most people they are fine on it . 
  calories in calories out is the most important weight gain or loss factor , and what most people care about . 
  i 'm not denying you get a lot more micros from eating shit loads of vegetables and that but you can eat those if you want to on iifym . 
  that 's the beauty of it . 
  you can eat literally anything you want from a pound of broccoli to a tub of ice cream , as long as it fym . 
  and i think most people taking supplements include a multivitamin just in case . 
  what does a healthy carbohydrate even mean ? 
  what makes one carb better than another other than the micronutrients consumed with it ? 
  according to wikipedia and a bus manufacturer site if a human had the height ( 438cm ) and weight of a double decker bus ( 7950kg empty ) it would have a 414 bmi, 
  looks infinitely better than my twelve year old girl 12 `` ers, 
  manlets are usually anyone under 6 ', 
  fuuuck this . 
  every server i 've been on mobile has some dudes invisible making it impossible to play . 
  mobile ? 
  no idea . 
  started seeing it like crazy today , really pissing me off . 
  / u/zeach, 
  it does n't matter when you take it as long as you have it in your system for atleast a few days . 
  it 's the same before or after a workout as long as you take it every day, 
  i do n't get it, 
  i think it needs an extra panel ... 
  can we get a kickstarter to get / u/hoponthe a shift key ? 
  thought i 'd try to find my squat 1rm today to get me more motivated for legs as i 've been stalling around 50-52 .5 kg ( 110-115 pounds ) for a few weeks . 
  only been training for just under 3 months . 
  i started at 5x40kg ( ~ 90 pounds ) to warm up , really easy . 
  second set was 5x50 ( 110 pounds ) , again kinda easy . 
  tried 3x55kg ( 120 pounds ) and kinda hard but managed it . 
  finally throw on one plate ( 60kg ( 135 pounds ) ) and it goes down fast but i get it back up and feel like i can do another rep and down i go again . 
  bit of a struggle this time but there it is i could finally do lmao1plate !, 
  i think this is what happiness feels like . 
  given that i could do two reps of 60kg ( 135 pounds ) i put on some 1.25 kg ( ~ 2.5 pound ) plates and complete a rep at 62.5 kg ( ~ 140 pounds ) . 
  i feel like i could 've gotten 65kg ( ~ 145 pounds ) but my foot started to cramp a bit so i stopped . 
  could n't stop smiling for like ten minutes, 
  ca n't wait until that 's my 5x5, 
  jack 's constant appropriation of australian culture is really awkward and makes me like him even less, 
  i had a large 2kkcal lunch and now i can only have a big dinner with no snacks . 
  i miss my snacks, 
  why such short rest ? 
  i usually rest 3 min for compound and 1.5 or 2 for isolation, 
  only the finest earl grey intra-workout, 
  i 'm only at the gym for an hour , i swear :(, 
  i usually only do one compound per day , so the 5x5 to start is about 20 min then everything else is 3x10 with 1.5-2min rest . 
  it 's really not that crazy , pretty common for ppl to spend an hour at the gym every day, 
  edit : and it only takes 30-60 seconds per set lol, 
  what does reverse dieting mean ? 
  slowly upping the cals ? 
  i shined bright and fast , and now everything 's horrible, 
  it 's a three day split twice a week . 
  hitting muscle groups twice a week ~ = twice the gains is the idea, 
  movement type is effectively muscle groups . 
  push is chest , shoulders and tris . 
  pull is back and bis . 
  legs is legs . 
  it 's a bro split condensed in to 3 days, 
  really ? 
  not the guy you replied to but i 'm 6 ' 2 175 pounds and my tdee is around 3200 and i 'm bulking at 3700, 
  it 's actually 3600 , and i might do it lower depending on how fast it goes . 
  i 've put on a bit more than a pound per week total but i think i can attribute the extra couple pounds to water weight from starting creatine and being slightly silly when i first started the bulk, 
  thanks  had to share here as no one irl gives as fuck haha, 
  ignore the mfp `` exercise '' , your tdee already includes that . 
  no experience with the fitbit but it 's probably the same thing . 
  tdee is bmr ( how much energy you use in a coma basically ) + daily exercise/how much you move around daily . 
  you will be losing exactly one pound per week if you 're on a -500 deficit daily so if that 's how much you 're losing , you 're doing great . 
  if it 's too fast for you , you can increase the calories if you want and vice versa : if it 's too slow , decrease . 
  same man . 
  my lat pulldown is slowly getting to my bodyweight and my rows are not far behind the pulldowns . 
  we 're gon na make it, 
   1 ) when am i able to see those sweet blood vessels on my arms like all those big guys have ? 
  like the big ass vein every dude seems to have down their bicep ? 
  should be within a few more months . 
  i do n't have it yet either, 
   2 ) ive been eating at a 500 calories surplusfor 1\u00a01/2 months and gained 5kg ( from 73 to 78 while being 187cm ) i know this is too much but coudl this be attributed to noob gains since i just started working out , or are 3 or more kg of those really all fat and i need to cut to 200 calories surplus or sth ? 
  it 's normal to gain some water weight when you first start lifting as well as when you start taking creatine ( if you 're not , you should start ) . 
  keep weighing yourself daily and average out the last 7 days and make sure you 're only gaining around half a kilo a week now . 
  if you 're gaining more , cut the calories by 100 per day and repeat . 
  if still too much , cut by 100 again . 
  do n't quit bulking because you gained some waterweight , you 're gon na get fucking huge if you keep at it, 
   3 ) ive always thought i was skinny because of my skinny arms and being super weak , so bulking was an easy choice , but im almost at 80kg now while being 187cm and when hanging out with my friends i seem to be one of the heavier guys ( not really visible but i asked what everyone was weighing ) and i feel most of it is my stomach . 
  do i just ignore this and keep on bulking or am i already heavy and should stop bulking ? 
  ignore it . 
  i 've just hit 80kg myself and i still look like a hungry skeleton , just keep at it man . 
  how do you get butt pain from barbell rows ? 
  have you tried single arm db rows ? 
  seated cable row ? 
  i do n't think chinups are a replacement for rows as chin up is a vertical pull and rows are more horizontal from your torso, 
  i use the one that 's slightly angled and use it so it looks like / - \\ basically . 
  i think it 's more preference versus the straight | | one , the upside down v should be easier on your wrists . 
  i would n't use any other attachment, 
  curls have been slow for me too , just keep at it and add volume . 
  so 4x8-12 instead of 3x8-12 etc.
