   hmmm , must be a conservative wait , no that is n't it , what could it be ? 
  i honestly want to know what you think i am lol . 
  if we were the majority there would be no upvoted poop to post here, 
  can you get those rolls of dough in australia ? 
  never seen them or the american biscuit dough either, 
  wow i thought he was being ironic at first . 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  stale, 
  meanwhile how many hundreds of millions go starving under capitalism ? 
  does n't count ? 
  no war but the class war, 
  extract presents ? 
  what kind of relationship has this person been in lmao, 
  does anyone know where his accent is from ? 
   that 's the most powerful thing you can do and involves no fire or physical destruction of objects, 
  i think he might be but he also sounds somewhat british which is why i 'm unsure , and i 'm australian myself so i can usually recognise the accents, 
   / r/australia, 
   progressive, 
  pick one, 
  from what i 've read they 're single issue ( nbn ) voters . 
  and calling the liberals centre-right is generous lol . 
  good post though, 
  also steroids are bad for your heart ( and liver depending on what you take ), 
  except tankie is a slur against communists . 
  nazis are actually evil and deserve to be mocked, 
  social democracy is not and will never be socialism . 
  capitalism in a fancy hat is not socialism, 
  you ca n't eat a yummy fuckin ' snack with hands on the wheel , right babe ? 
  capitalism and socialism are impossible to mix . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  government `` social '' programs are not socialism . 
  i understand it 's better than what we have now but use the right definition, 
  socialism is the social ownership of the means of production . 
  full stop . 
  no exceptions . 
  if there is private ownership of the means of production it is capitalism . 
  i am sick of liberals appropriating leftist words, 
  you are objectively wrong about everything in your post, 
  we 're not advocating ussr gulags nor the discrimination of gsm people , we are advocating all new gulags . 
  what would you prefer we call them ? 
  i am down for prisons then if it makes former soviet users happy, 
  please be ironic, 
   / r/european is full of far-right fuckheads [ +80 ], 
  posted unironically on kotaku in action . 
   fuck the obnoxious san francisco hipsters that run reddit . 
  they have been consistently making this site worse the last few years . 
  i 'm so sick and tired of their bullshit . 
  at least he was right about this part, 
  edit :, 
   sorry , but anyone to the right of leon trotsky is called `` far-right '' these days . 
   arguing against illegal immigration is not `` far-right '' it 's just right , as in correct . 
  pure reactionary, 
   kia is predominantly liberal . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're a skeleton that thinks everyone right of marx is a `` far-right fuckhead '' or if you 're a far-right fuckhead that 's projecting and feels at home just because you 're allowed to exist here uncensored . 
  they still believe this . 
  the alt-right get surprisingly offended when you use their meme words against them . 
  try it out some time, 
  what monster does n't order their uno cards by colour and numeric value within the colour, 
  deva and diva are pronounced exactly the same, 
  damn dude i was feeling bad for getting two boogeymonsters and a huhuran from the 13 free packs but this made me feel better, 
  it 's used as a slur against anyone who is n't an ultra . 
  did n't we see this trailer a couple months ago or am i a time traveller ? 
  stalinists is also a slur against marxist-leninists . 
  this explains the snapchat brunch day thing a couple weeks ago where there was lots of champagne ( mimosa apparently ) inexplicably, 
  i have never had brunch with alcohol so i was very confused when snapchat featured a `` brunch '' day with rich kids drinking wine and eating in fancy restaurants for `` brunch '', 
  welcome to nerfnow . 
  one hit , one hundred misses, 
  never do this, 
  you 're talking about it now . 
  peaceful protests do nothing, 
  you 're still aware of something people are fighting for that you never would 've known before, 
  voted most likely to call women `` females '', 
  what 's with reddit and women reacting normally to a fight ? 
  screaming `` stop '' and drawing attention is actually helpful , what are they expecting her to do ? 
  holy fuck those split text messages out of order would drive me insane . 
  i guess this is your reminder that this is many peoples first election, 
  this ca n't be real, 
  an mra responds :, 
   what 's up with girls complaining about catcalls ? 
  you girls must be slutty as shit . 
  lol, 
  it 's also one of the biggest subs so i do n't know why they care about their countryball shitposting sub being invaded by plebs or whatever they think, 
  a tankie is anyone too left for liberals , or anyone who believes violence is necessary for a revolution . 
  exclusively used by ultras or liberals to discredit anyone they disagree with, 
  this is cute, 
  if the government was at a point where they wanted to turn their military against the people they would make it happen no matter what, 
  not everyone believes in free speech, 
  the internet 's insistence that windows 7 is the only good operating system continues to baffle me . 
  8 , 8.1 and 10 are all really good, 
  congratulations you 're a shitty person !, 
  hahahahahahaha you actually believe this, 
  they 're right wing, 
  whereas / r/meirl is filled with actual nazis !, 
  i looked at new but you mods take forever to approve shit . 
  why would you even need to approve shit here, 
  you need more mods then if it takes hours to approve stuff so no one knows whats going on and posts the same thing, 
  i 'm not saying they hate socialism but it 's definitely a slur towards a large amount of leftists, 
  dae bringing awareness to an issue is the real issue, 
  you 're being intentionally ignorant, 
  this is amazin,
