  yes but most people use `` transsexual '' when they mean transgender, 
  it 's amusing when people think `` reactionary '' means `` people who over react '' when it has an actual definition way predating the internet . 
  anti-pc police are the very definition of reactionary, 
   4 of top 5 posts about male issues, 
   why is egalitarianism seen as a men 's rights movement ? 
  that is honestly amazing, 
  this always happens and it just sounds like the guys projecting their insecurity from times when girls have n't responded to them . 
  literally every time there 's a creepypm post on / r/cringepics it 's `` but le say no t ** interested ** you fucking * bitch * [ +3946 ] . '', 
  no matter how awful the creep texting her is, 
   and trust me i 'm a fairly liberal, 
   i 'm just an inch away from shooting up a refugee center, 
  edit : messaged the admins about it just in case, 
  you know i was thinking `` hmm , maybe english or film ? '', 
  good thing reddit has women to hate . 
  i guess the misogyny outweighs the stem jerk today : /, 
  edit : lmao, 
   computer science . 
  a monkey can operate a computer theres no science behind it . 
  hurts does n't it redditeurs, 
   they are taught to be offended by everything and live a life of internal stress that weighs on them till they break . 
  that 's not real life . 
  shit here i thought saying `` do n't be a dick '' was just common sense but le stemittors have reminded me it 's a life of constant stress . 
  checking this guys post history is pretty funny , it 's like a caricature of redditness . 
  programming , fat people hating , gger , pc master race , drug defener and cop hate . 
  that 's a bingo, 
  one more to the gulag, 
  edit :, 
   i 'm an ectomorph , 185 lb 6 ' 2 '' , i 've been working out like crazy since my last breakup , which was a year and a half ago . 
   ectomorph, 
   185 at 6 ' 2 after a year and a half of working out, 
  i 've been there myself and it 's still scrawny city . 
  plus he believes in those discredited body types, 
  if you 're serious , no . 
  they 're basically just `` skinny , muscular , and fat '' broscience to let people be content with their apathy about themselves and tell me they do n't need to improve . 
  you can be scrawny or you can be fat and that 's cool but you 're not predisposed to it based off of `` ectomorph '' or whatever . 
  how is tinnitus related to the mandela effect ? 
  if you do n't think srs are feminists , what are they ? 
  lmao, 
  were you running the stealth spec ? 
  my agent is currently underleveled af ( 42 instead of 47 ) because i skipped so many enemies . 
  best bet is to do the side quests from the last planet you were on and some flashpoints if you can, 
  bacon, 
  yep it 's surprisingly against the massive jerk recently about censoring the name of mass shooters . 
  muh constitition vs dont say his name . 
  funny to watch, 
  wait this is from a rick show ? 
  tfw no rick model gf to spiderwalk on the runway with, 
  haha in the comments :, 
     it 's a great time to live when i can encounter a community reference in almost any sub, 
  you found a reference to one of reddits most beloved cancelled shows on reddit ? 
  no way, 
  there 's also the reddit armchair lawyer brigade getting downvoted for posting `` it 's illegal to deface currency '' badlaw, 
  the name of the person is almost always in the title no matter how famous or not they are , usually to help you search their social media or whatever if you want to know more about them, 
  creepypms are known [ skeletor ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lz8wjpp.jpg ) warriors . 
  srs are known [ skeletor ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xrzf46c.jpg ) warriors . 
  why ca n't reddit just like two things at once . 
  you do n't have to go super polarising like pc vs console , or this movie versus that . 
  just enjoy both for what they are holy shit , your identity is n't your video games or movie preference . 
  redditors are the pretentious ones . 
  `` aggressively mediocre '' ? 
  get over yourself, 
  edit : also that entire thread is just every movie reddit likes . 
  like the most basic , intro to film '90s movies . 
  i do n't think they 've seen a movie that came out before 1994 ( 1994 ), 
  amateur authors of reddit , what sexy sexuation can you sex up for me because i 'm too lazy to google erotica ? 
  kristen stewart gets shit on every time she 's mentioned on reddit , what are you talking about . 
  i thought she was fine, 
   not the usa 's fault it 's a big country and has so many domestic flights . 
  this is what americans actually believe, 
   good luck getting a job . 
  supporting radical domestic terrorists is never a good idea . 
   we got to go to college for free and we 're still pissed off . . 
   no , we do n't bury you , we hold you up higher than you 'd ever achieve without our help . 
   holy shit . 
  harvard has a 10.6 % `` african american '' admissions rate . 
  that is huge considering the nation is 13.2 % african american . 
   even college ca n't change that thug attitude it seems . 
  black people are burying themselves . 
   slightly easier for them to get into med school . 
   do they mean buried in white guilt , free money and affirmative action ? 
  or do they mean the more qualified white and asian students whose places they took at harvard got buried ? 
   `` they told us we were victims , so we made a sign '', 
   congrats to them , but african americans in medical school , regardless of where , is a whole world easier than non-minorities . 
   i really hope this people do n't ever have to treat any white patients . 
   seeds often get a free ride based on their color . 
   watermelon seeds . 
   rofl holy shit the victim mentality . 
   nothing quite says i 'm oppressed like graduating from one of the top medical colleges in america . 
  god i wish i was that oppressed . 
  instead i wound up privileged and in an inner-city college that is n't even top 300 in universities for my major . 
   blame whitey for everything right ? 
   do n't ever get a black doctor . 
   blah blah victim culture blah, 
   i 'm going to go ahead and get a second opinion . 
   harvard probably gave them tutors to edit and spellcheck the sign . 
   for half of a second i wondered why they were all black . 
  and then i remembered medical school admission boards wo n't take you if you are n't a minority , especially ivy league . 
   still a fail . 
  i would n't go get a second opinion ... i 'd get any other opinion . 
   well if they stab you they should at least stitch you back up .
