  could be a similar thing with bioware and swtor, 
  have you got your companion on heal ? 
  heal is the op spec . 
  i 've only died once from 1-55 this past week of 4.0 on a new character and that was because both me and my companion were stunned and could n't break out . 
  they 're strong but i do n't mind them being strong . 
  saves tonnes of money i 'd spent on medpacs on other characters and i can have offensive mods instead of defensive mods for my gear . 
  i hope they do n't change it, 
  on ilum there 's the sith lords sith girlfriend who pulls almost the entire room if you have n't killed them when you confront her and we even survived 3 groups of normals with 2 or 3 strongs as well as the boss sith . 
  it 's pretty hard to die, 
  i think i saw the intimidator set on the gtn but it might have been something else . 
  worth a look if you have n't already, 
  edit : 650k for the set box on harb . 
  cheaper to get the things separately, 
  my bounty hunter was mostly a piece of shit credit fiend who showed no mercy to anyone who dared attack him , but he let innocents go if there was the chance ( as long as they did n't try to kill him ) . 
  not that he went out of his way to save people . 
  ( kotfe [ i closed the blast door on those troopers who needed saving in chapter 1 as he 's not a hero ] ( / spoiler ) ) one of the more interesting characters for me, 
  false harrassment accusations are the biggest threat to white boys on the internet . 
  must be a hard life, 
  no because we hear it all the time on tv and movies so it 's not exotic at all, 
  i would n't say more than a month or so but i do n't think it 's ever explicitly said, 
  i do n't think activision gets any say over blizzard titles , just like blizzard has no say over call of duty . 
  it 's a partnership and not one company over the other . 
  blizzard is just like this nowadays, 
  they `` fixed '' this with the latest patch but it still happens half the time . 
  the rest of my fp group got stats but mine did n't on the last one i did . 
  really strange, 
  rebels has two ` movies ' though , one set before the first episode and one set before the first episode of season two, 
  everyone like you shitting on candy crush has obviously never played it . 
  yes it 's a match three game , yes it 's simple and for casuals but they use it in creative ways and add so many more gameplay elements than bejeweled that it 's like comparing doom to halo 5, 
  how much does it cost to unlock the mandalorian hunter set in collections ? 
  the tor-fashion page does n't seem right and i 've been told wrong information there before so hopefully you guys can help me . 
  thanks, 
  heroics give 18k +12 k for bonus objective from what i 've seen, 
  its usually 1-2 mil for the mandalorian hunter set on the gtn ( auction house ) although i picked up the separate boxes ( supplementary armor , upper armor , lower armor ) for around 750k this morning which is pretty cheap, 
  it 's now level 15 for f2p and 10 for subs to get speeder piloting, 
  imperial agent is one of the weakest storylines for me . 
  do n't know why this meme is so popular, 
  yep this happened with the second avengers movie . 
  the final scene at [ avengers 2 spoilers ] ( #s `` the new avengers base , the part where there 's falcon , scarlet witch , vision and war machine ( ? ), 
  that room is very different based on when you watched it . 
  in one it 's a smaller grey room and in another it 's a highly cgi warehouse looking place '' ), 
  the old `` srs is full of pedos '' meme is even in there . 
   to me , there was something terrible and beautiful about a genetically engineered army that was absolutely , perfectly loyal to the point where any order passed down the chain of command was carried out without hesitation or any real consideration of morality . 
  the clones overthrow their corrupted general ( 4 arms , two double bladed lightsabers guy ) in one of the earlier seasons after he tried to send them on repeated suicide missions , so it 's not that they were perfectly loyal even before the chip was mentioned, 
  [ as an australian mfw `` texas is big '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m8atb1n.jpg ), 
  his post history is pretty funny . 
  aggressive bible thumper gun nut with quotes such as `` india is such a shithole of a country ! '', 
  and `` get your shit together india ! '', 
   on average , mass killings involving firearms occur approximately every two weeks in the us , while school shootings occur on average monthly . 
  / unjerk this is just sad . 
  they love their guns so much they 're blinded by the actual problem, 
  on the video someone linked about `` sexual imagery '' in some kids show, 
   these men are sexually attracted to the girl in the video , and are blaming everyone but themselves for being perverted . 
  hence why they are `` flustered '' and `` uncomfortable '' . 
  why would you be uncomfortable watching it unless you were attracted to the teenage girl , which you know is inappropriate ? 
  you would n't be . 
  it 's a teenage girl . 
  why anyone would be attracted to her that is n't close to her age is not within me to comprehend . 
  [ this is good ], 
  i watched the linked clip and all i saw was some girl goofing around for her show . 
  there was nothing sexual about it, 
  just had `` if i wanted your opinion i 'd slap myself for being so stupid '' or something like that in regards to vette . 
  love it, 
  there are several main ones and way more depending on which region/country you 're in, 
  the republic would have fallen if not for the treaty, 
  i target my companion all the time for no reason . 
  it 's really annoying . 
  it should untarget friendlies if you try to attack them because every time i 'm trying to kill a quest mob i 'm targeting my companion and it wo n't let me auto target a mob the way i usually do it . 
  and let me buff my bloody companion to buff myself why is that not even allowed, 
  redditors are trash, 
  me_irl is there ? 
  lmao, 
  saw tor . 
  ca n't imagine this sowah-taur nonsense . 
  i 'm australian if it matters, 
  i 'll take the b8 : how are srs scum ? 
  this is the case for australia ( dec/jan/feb is summer , march/april/may autumn , june/july/august winter , september/october/november spring ) but the us has them based on random dates, 
  sylvanas is an elf , that 's what undead elves look like, 
  so what was the whole cinematic teaser with gul ` dan in the cave ( ? ), 
  and illidan that we saw at gamescom ? 
  i thought that was supposed to be the cinematic . 
  this one was really great though and it 's good to see some more detail on these characters we 've seen so much in-game, 
  the level-sync feature of swtor 's latest expansion is one of the best features of an mmo i 've played . 
  each planet has a level range say 16-20 and if you 're above the level of the planet you get scaled down to the max level +2 so you 'd be level 22 and the mobs would still be the same level 16-20 mobs but you 'd not be one-shotting them any more and the quests give scaled up xp and gear for your actual level . 
  i 'd love to see this in wow , i 've said `` i wish i could skip this '' so many times in relation to outland or northrend that it 'd be cool to just finish up the old world zones and still level up at the same pace, 
  ah okay i thought it was going to be the first half of the then-upcoming cinematic . 
  cheers, 
  episode 3, 
  not any more . 
  only * the clone wars * and * rebels *, 
  the clones had no choice in the matter so no , no clones outside of a few had the ability to disregard order 66, 
  which is lame because there 's 4 on ord mantell and only 1 on tython that i could see, 
  every character has this option no matter their gender i believe , as i had it on my female knight and male bh . 
  had to pick it both times, 
   [ +97 ] those morons on the twitch stream are awful, 
   edit : i was asked to be less negative . 
  i refuse . 
  very brave o7, 
   not a legit term , you just outed yourself as a huge tumblr skeleton, 
  i think the person on the ship is your first basic speaking companion like with the companion questline in vanilla .
