  the movies , the clone wars cartoon , rebels cartoon and any comics/books released this year and onwards are canon, 
  taris is n't what it used to be, 
  there 's over a thousand levels of coruscant which is a city that covers the entire planet ( granted most of the lower levels are uninhabitable ) , and it 's about the same size as earth . 
  billions is severely underestimating it . 
  it 's atleast trillions and could even be a quadrillion, 
  i wish i had traps like that woah, 
  this looks exactly like it did in tcw ? 
  i did n't have trouble watching them , or at least never noticed that . 
  how are you watching them ? 
  i saw them on netflix, 
  yup . 
  in legends i believe the current technology level has been stagnant for tens of thousands of years ( hyperspace being over 100k years ) , with only minor improvements for droids and stuff, 
   in the world, 
  did this really need to be said for an american presidential candidate sub ? 
  it was hilarious how much they jerked each other off with a frontpage / r/conspiracy post about how cnn is trying to hide the truth about an online poll they brigaded, 
  i 'm not sure why removing companion gear giving stats is so controversial . 
  i 'm a relatively new player ( 3 weeks or so ) and when i was leveling my characters ( quite a few 50-55s ) i was basically using the newest companion as they had the best gear and i could n't afford to buy them anything . 
  i could n't use the ones i wanted as they died instantly . 
  i mean i learned later that i could give khem val , who i was only using for his tankiness , the imperial pilot set or whatever and upgrade the mods with the excess i had from other characters but even that is a massively clunky experience . 
  good to see the changes !, 
  you no longer have to do any of those pointless side quests . 
  to level up you only need to do the class story quests and the main planetary storyline . 
  for the last 10 months or so there was a 12x xp for story quests so you only had to do story quests , but now it 's story and the planetary questline so it 's way faster than it used to be . 
  i leveled 9 characters to 50-55 within the last 3 weeks so now with 4.0 that 'd be 4-5 characters in 3 weeks, 
  i 'm a newish player to swtor with thousands of hours in wow and it definitely has button bloat to the point where i found it necessary to bind shift +1 through shift + = , whereas i never had to do that for wow, 
  we all have shit-tier internet that makes it take 20 hours, 
  it 's out now with the patch 4.0 which released today . 
  expansion and sor being free for subs is next week on the 27th, 
  woah it 's a default now ? 
  i thought it was a relatively minor fringe conspiracy/white power sub . 
  redditeurs love to use `` she '' and misgendered pronouns because their white feels  reals, 
  yep , i did and it 's way cheaper than buying even the rocket boost by itself i believe, 
  triggered white boy ? 
   why do people keep fucking talking about this cunt, 
   * endlessly posts about him *, 
  you do n't need to get offended at everything . 
  males are so fragile, 
  i do n't think they 're required for the class missions to progress but you 'll be underleveled, 
  what ? 
  [ noooooo ] ( http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/ ) i was putting makeb off on all my alts, 
  that 's just wilful ignorance on your part . 
  abo , jap , paki etc are not okay anymore . 
  words have meanings and these were used derogatively, 
  i 'm new but what i 've discovered is yes you 're bolstered to 65 . 
  the gear can drop gear for you personally ( at least once a fp ) but mainly drops level 61 blues to need/greed the only thing that low level matters with is missing abilities and less knowledge of the class . 
  i 'd say go for it and spam fps all you want, 
  the origin of the word is irrelevant to how it is used . 
  paki is used to insult pakistani people ( and half of asia apparently ) . 
  abo is used to insult australian aboriginal people . 
  jap is used to insult japanese people . 
  do n't use the insults and you 're good , it 's not hard . 
  context is a thing, 
  i need to rewatch star wars, 
  is this sydney ? 
  find a new word , it 's that simple . 
  faggot wo n't change it 's definition for years and years if ever and it 's the same with shit like paki . 
  if dipshits did n't say it in an offensive manner it would n't be offensive , that 's why aussie , brit , swede are fine . 
  it 's pakistani i believe you should call them . 
  it 's not just a shortened word , it 's a word that 's used again and again by xenophobes and racists , not normal people . 
  is japanese really that much harder to say anyway ? 
  it 's like saying `` but what if i want to say ` niggers ' ? 
  i 'm not using it to insult anyone . 
  look at those niggers . '', 
  why do you get so offended by being unable to use a derogatory term ? 
  it 's either $ 50 or $ 60 usd , really expensive, 
  how do you do solo mode ? 
  do you have to go to the origin in the world instead of the group finder thing ? 
  pop music that 's repetitive and simple ? 
  stop the press, 
  edit : [ archive ] ( https://archive.is/fwofg ) in case this gets deleted . 
  op of that thread has some ... interesting askreddit questions, 
  edit : now his entire history has been downvoted to piss by / r/pics for a shitpost ? 
  who cares that much about anything, 
  whats the sealion thing in kia ? 
   that 's an attack , folks . 
  you know what that means . 
  donate !, 
  i can think of several better ways to throw money away . 
  literally skipping pennies across a lake for instance, 
  his post history certainly leans towards him actually being a police officer but the story reeks of / r/thathappened, 
  that 's even more smug and jerking eachother off than i thought it would be, 
  they have no identity if you remove awkward white male gamer, 
  since when is socially retarded a male ability ? 
  surely mra 's will be pouring out of the woodwork to defend against this misandry . 
  any moment now, 
   old, 
  can confirm sound british/canadian to americans over teamspeak, 
   hey guys remember when we did that thing where we repeated tom cruise for an entire comment section ? 
  let 's do that again . 
  and again . 
  and again . 
  and again and again and again . 
  so funny reddit meme : ddddd, 
  there is a rakatan superweapon on tatooine that czerka corp try to gain control of as well which is the planetary storyline for everyone in swtor . 
  the republic shock drum is part of the jedi knight storyline, 
  i 'm an awkward white male gamer too but it 's not my entire identity . 
  i have hobbies , passions etc that i define myself by . 
  the problem with the gamergate crowd is that is literally their life/identity and if they perceive you as trying to change that they freak the fuck out, 
  it 's okay mate , you 're allowed to like what you like as long as you 're not an ass about it , 
  i believe wow stopped doing that ( `` aus '' realms had different maintenance time to rest of na ) because everyone from one region jumped on to the other and overcrowded the servers that were up only to never play there again outside of maintenance and they did n't want people doing that .
