  is a css style that certain subs use that is n't visible on main reddit pages like the userpage or / r/all, 
  it 's more like first 10 upvotes are 1:1 then 11-100 are 2-5 :1 then even less, 
  are they ever going to add content in patches ? 
  this more of a 1.0.4 bugfix than what is normally considered a 1 . x content update . 
  it 's been out for months now and it 's just small bugfix patches that are inexplicably a lot to download, 
   why not force em to stay on the sidewalk ,, 
  you must not know how shit our sidewalks are . 
  you could n't go any speed on them as they 're so uneven and have big ledges in between the concrete slabs due to tree roots and the like, 
  the commenter said `` he/his '' which i quoted , the article clearly says :, 
   on a chilly day in february pip headed out to a little office in guildford in order to explore a tiny fraction of no man 's sky [ official site ] , the sandbox exploration survival universe created by hello games . 
  here 's what she found :, 
  actually censorship is good, 
  a comrade who 's no longer with us sadly, 
  i do n't give a fuck about your american constitution, 
  gulag jokes are n't entirely jokes comrade, 
  i know, 
  social democracy is not socialism, 
  why do yanks say school when referring to college/university ? 
  saying `` i go to school '' when you 're 23 sounds weird . 
  both tbh, 
  it 's usually `` let them win '' in chat when kripp bullies them hard, 
  bernie is a bad meme, 
  you 're right it 's worse . 
  they build a wall then detain anyone trying to climb it and treat them like animals because muh precious white australia, 
  wtfffffffffffff, 
  this is art, 
  are you a twelve year old girl, 
   it 's nothing like `` build the wall '' . 
    you 're right it 's worse . 
  they build a wall then detain anyone trying to climb it and treat them like animals, 
  no other country does what we do . 
  it 's a national embarrassment and should be repealed asap, 
  they 're intertwined . 
  i know how it works mate, 
  [ this was posted the other day ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rm1bs3vz8lvp3yk0zu2y8bqkikew5w0ld0f7zjcd2ci/edit#gid=1009125263 ), 
  * all around me are familiar faces *, 
  why would i care about a government ? 
  do you know what my flair means ? 
  what 's with / r/politics and bourgeois elections ? 
  communism . 
  commumemeism, 
   pretending, 
  my daddy always said to not be ashamed of our communism, 
  at least, 
  scale is fullcommunism < ----------------------------------------  ( white christian ) theocracy, 
  is this how some people think the world works ? 
  lol, 
   they still think it 's ironic, 
  revisionist propaganda, 
  photorealism is so boring i want to puke . 
  it 's talented sure but what 's the point ? 
  there 's no message or anything here it 's just `` here 's a photograph i copied . '', 
  a photograph would be the same thing though . 
  what 's the point of painting like this, 
  now i 'm sad i have no one to do this for . 
  steroids make your balls shrink temporarily , not your dick, 
  so much whinging about me_irl too . 
  christ redditors are easily offended, 
  i think it 's when conway and frank have that meeting alone and frank says how power is the people you collect , and that he had n't collected a particular person maybe ? 
  not sure what episode but definitely in the second half of the season , maybe 9-10, 
  i did n't even know a lint trap existed until i asked someone what the smoky smell was . 
  it 's not obvious at all that such a thing would exist, 
  it 's paddy not patty you knob, 
  a spectre is haunting europe -- the spectre of communism . 
  all the powers of old europe have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this spectre : pope and tsar , metternich and guizot , french radicals and german police-spies . 
  where is the party in opposition that has not been decried as communistic by its opponents in power ? 
  where is the opposition that has not hurled back the branding reproach of communism , against the more advanced opposition parties , as well as against its reactionary adversaries ? 
  two things result from this fact :, 
  i. communism is already acknowledged by all european powers to be itself a power . 
  it is high time that communists should openly , in the face of the whole world , publish their views , their aims , their tendencies , and meet this nursery tale of the spectre of communism with a manifesto of the party itself . 
  to this end , communists of various nationalities have assembled in london and sketched the following manifesto , to be published in the english , french , german , italian , flemish and danish languages . 
  free speech is a mistake, 
  i 'd cry too if i had college from 8:30 to 3:30 heck, 
  is this a joke post ? 
   i do n't know what a word means therefore everyone using it in this thread relevant to the word are disgusting edgy normies reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  this is like getting upset when people refer to american cookies as biscuits, 
  commie memes are the zestiest though, 
  womens advocacy definitely is an occupation, 
  this is my favourite meme, 
  does n't look like it 's using any assets , and you 're allowed to sell your own guide content . 
  what part of this is stealing ? 
  [ please be joking ] ( https://ebgames.com.au/any/strategy-guides ) . 
  it clearly says `` pro game - stardew valley version '' implying pro game is a series of game guide apps, 
  now you 're just making shit up with no sources, 
  i did one of these the other week but i ca n't find my result : / it was the top right square of the hammer and sickle i believe . 
  it 's a bad test for anyone radical though, 
  if you even know what communism is then you 're probably further left than the test anticipated . 
  a lot of awkward questions that do n't consider anything different than the status quo and basic moderate-left questions, 
  radiohead is a meme band and have n't been relevant for 20 years, 
  * [ irish jig playing on phone ] *, 
  the subtle transitions in the fight at the end are worse than obvious ones for some reason, 
  i counted at least five takes, 
  those greenscreens in matt 's glasses, 
  wow this is actually me and not in a 7th layer of irony way, 
  i did n't ask for this revolution, 
   corporatistic, 
  this is n't even a word, 
   our meme insult is being filtered by an insult filter, 
   this is shocking and obviously ubicucks are hateful shenazis, 
  my rep range is 8-12 so when i can do 4x12 or like 3x12 + 1x11 whatever i up the weight until it 's down to 4x8-9ish,
