   kelly voluntaryist, 
   implying gay is gendered, 
  [ this but unironically ] ( / intensifies ), 
  did they photoshop putins face on lenin and then trace over it ? 
  a r t i s t i c i n t e g r i t y, 
  i ca n't even build doors yet, 
  so me_irl, 
   what 's with the attacks on liberals ? 
  i might be missing something , but liberal ideas seem to be everywhere in communist/post-capitalist ideology . 
  liberalism is capitalism . 
  liberals are supporters of capitalism . 
  american liberals and conservatives are both liberals, 
   are the comments about guillotines a dark joke , or are violent revolts actually supported ? 
  if so , why ? 
  the bourgeoisie will not give up their power . 
  you need to take it from them, 
   as far as private property , are y' all only against the privatization of land and facilities ( schools , malls , etc. ), 
  or also against private ownership of items ( computers , guns , cars , etc. ) ? 
  land and businesses or other capital gaining property are private property , your personal belongings are personal property . 
  we only want to destroy private property, 
   thoughts on gun ownership ? 
  workers need to be armed or there can be no resistance to the state, 
  are n't every toasted buns toasted in butter ? 
  it 's how i 've always done them, 
  is there even a difference between right-libertarians and ancaps ? 
  what are they complaining about, 
  cb2 is shit now tbh so sls it is, 
  good, 
  why do they have them anyway ? 
  they are n't a thing in australia and we mostly sit up with the driver when it 's by ourself, 
  / r/latestagecapitalism, 
  [ you get this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l8y6wfo.png ) on an australian ip, 
  tarpon 's can be up to 8ft long, 
  the haircut on the left was crazy popular in high school, 
  dicks for destiny was a real thing though here on reddit, 
  creaming soda, 
  / r/feminism is / r/feminism for men, 
  down with monarchy, 
  all pop-in uses that horrible noise fade in, 
  java methods are camelcase, 
  me too thanks, 
  a comrade who will side with fascists is no comrade of mine, 
  ... what did he think the dos part stands for, 
  this is how i 'm being told to do it this semester and i 'm not sure how i feel about it, 
  probably / fa / or that forum they hate, 
  as long as you stay away from the interchange after dark you 'll be good, 
   or a pretty much guaranteed to be unique value ( like a guid ) as a key . 
  keys have to be unique , not `` pretty much guaranteed to be unique '' . 
  and surrogate keys are a bad idea most of the time as they do n't mean anything - although should be used in this case where you want to be able to modify every other attribute ( email , battletag , etc ), 
  the wording says `` play a pirate '' , not `` summon a pirate '' so it should n't mass summon them , right ? 
  that makes sense, 
  yes, 
   enjoying the warm weather ? 
  new zealand is not in europe, 
  what kind of flapper is that ? 
  he colour grades his videos to be cooler toned, 
  i can not imagine having to pay to see a gp . 
  this is ridiculous, 
  bless up everyone, 
  why is your stuff worth more than someone 's life ? 
  you should have insurance anyway . 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  the kulaks genuinely deserved it, 
  there are no communist or socialist countries so it 's kind of an irrelevant comment, 
   i 'm keen to see what other people think about that plate of food . 
  definitely not what i expected to see in that survey, 
  do n't be a bootlicking liberal then, 
  it 's the only good alternative, 
  this is not true any more , the limitless ones in northern territory were capped at 130km/h in the last 6 months, 
  free speech is a bad meme, 
  you disagree with the alt right but believe in a [ nazi conspiracy theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frankfurt_school#cultural_marxism_conspiracy_theory ) ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  are trumpets just going to repeat this line every time someone does something they do n't like ? 
  you have a trp tag , you are by definition a bigot, 
  whinging about how `` sjw '' say right-wing people are bigots , comparing it to `` this is why trump won '', 
  edgy, 
  and ? 
  you nerds were never allies of the actual left, 
  fuck free speech, 
  well yeah ? 
  people who shout hate speech should be stopped by any means necessary, 
  being against equality for all is hate speech, 
  its a twitch emote of an old employee , mainly used to display sarcasm or memes . 
  spelled kappa, 
  probably because it was n't intentional like the holocaust was, 
  the ending is honestly fine . 
  the only bad part is it 's pretty rushed and they lazily re-used similar cinematics for each ending without explaining more the after effects of each choice, 
  i 've never even heard of anyone bringing up their heritage like that and passing it off as their current culture , but that 's not to say it has n't happened outside my bubble . 
  at the end of the day we 're all australian in australia, 
  have you ever heard an australian accent before ? 
  this is what liberals actually believe, 
  it 's still funny how much of a failure qr codes were, 
  why would there be any correlation ? 
  r/politics is a centre-right shithole, 
  i ca n't wait for free speech to be abolished, 
  this is a communist subreddit , we do n't believe in private property/ownership or money, 
  this but unironically . 
  having five issues different between them does n't exclude the hundreds of issues they both share the same opinion on . 
  if you have two things that are 96 % the same , you can say they are basically identical, 
  9 miles is fucking ages from the beach,
