  vette is the warriors first companion , mako is the bh 's first companion , kira is the first basic speaking companion etc. 
  i had mako on my bh and kira on my knight even though i had n't ( could n't have ) romanced either of them . 
  i 'm not sure about the mail though, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  did you finish the romance conversations and marry them ? 
  send a bug report for that but i really believe the person on the ship is not related to your romance at all, 
  actually i just beat chapter 3 on my female warrior today and i did bang pierce but nothing ever came of it past that , quinn asked me to marry him still and pierce never mentioned anything again, 
   maybe because beth 's games have never focused on writing , story or graphics . 
  what else is there ? 
  gameplay in skyrim was horrible so do we just play it for the sound design ? 
  you start out with only mage and unlock the others by playing against them in casual or ranked, 
  i think you can flirt and maybe kiss a male sith on makeb but that 's as far as it goes . 
  i would 've liked some male padawans instead of everyone getting a young female padawan . 
  seems kind of weird but i guess they were pandering to their audience, 
  yeah i should 've mentioned imperial only . 
  did n't know he was gay though as i 've only run makeb a few times, 
  i wonder why they thought the online harrassment episode was about them :\\ ^ ), 
  you should have a story mission when your press l to go to your quest log , as you ca n't abandon them . 
  you might have pressed the `` untrack '' thing but you should still have the quest in your log , if it 's untracked press the little circle next to it to get it tracking again . 
  if you have nothing in your quest log submit a support ticket, 
  it 's a bug with either 4.0 or the latest patch as my consular did n't unlock him either, 
  that 's a bummer . 
  should be good to play another character in the meantime though, 
  this ca n't be right , it 's asking me to dump literally all my souls into solomon http://i.imgur.com/kdwpo4h.png, 
  does anyone know why sometimes my character turns when i look around with the mouse and let go but most of the time it just puts the camera back to the correct orientation ? 
  i might accidentally be hitting some keybind, 
  allies ? 
  i thought we were the same giga-skeleton conglomerate, 
  left mouse button . 
  i usually look around when i 'm walking with left button and it 's sometimes pointing me in that direction when i let go which is unusual until i restart the client, 
  this has been posted before and it was proven fake, 
  this is what americans actually believe, 
  that 's like saying is it worth playing 1/8th of the game or all of it . 
  play all of it , you wo n't regret it, 
  if any other company expected the community to bug fix their game they would be slaughtered on the internet and would have horrible reviews . 
  kinda sad the fanboyism towards peoples favourite devs, 
  mojang ( notch ) got shit all the time for how unoptimised minecraft is/was , not that i 've been following it for a couple years now, 
  blizzard changing cards ? 
  hahahaha, 
  i 'm sick of these fake geek boys who do n't know anything about the source material . 
  i bet you 've never even read a comic you just want the attention, 
  would n't be surprised if reddit staff were sick of the neoconservative racist shithole the userbase has become, 
  reddit has never been any of those things, 
  your opinion is trash, 
  you are allowed to have a shit opinion but a private website has no obligation to host it or cater to you in any way, 
  the jedi knight may give you an aneurysm if you have n't already played it haha . 
  which planet quests have superweapons though ? 
  i have n't played many of them on pub side and only know of the tatooine planetary arc, 
  not to op though as he hates superweapons and jedi knight is all about them superweapons, 
  it gave my female human knight a look like she just smelled bantha poodoo half the time . 
  it was hilarious, 
  correct , although there 's slightly different dialogue depending on your class for planetary missions, 
   and this whole skeleton movement is nothing different . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  it 's being mad , for fun . 
  and doing absolutely nothing to make this world a better , more just place . 
  ~ ~ frist of all how ** dare ** yo u ~ ~ i have never seen any `` skeletons '' being offended at anything that was n't pure * ist tripe . 
  the antis are the ones that get mad at them for fun because they are the oversensitive people , you ca n't even say `` do n't be a dick '' without being called a beta cuck skeleton yet that makes the skeletons the easily offended ones ? 
  i think they need to spend more time outside of their hugbox at kia/tia ~ ~ / mamma mia ~ ~, 
  wow some people need thicker skin . 
  agentlame btfo'ing that manbaby in there, 
  yes ? 
  that 's why i said it . 
  what do you think reddit is politically ? 
  they 're '' '' '' '' '' `` liberal '' '' '' '' '' '' as long as it lets them smoke pot but they 're like an old racist conservative grandpa in every other aspect, 
   i swear to god you guys need to go anywhere else on the internet or real life and then come back and say that . 
  reddit is one of the most culturally liberal sites on the whole internet and it 's reputation is well known for that . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  reddit has never been and will never be leftist . 
  it is conservative , racist , transphobic , homophobic , sexist , selfish and hateful . 
  those are not leftist ideals . 
  but hey , you want weed and free college for yourself so you must be liberal right ? 
  i 'd like to know this too . 
  i never use them because they 're really weak for me doing barely more than the basic auto-attack it seems, 
  a transman would use the men 's room, 
  exactly . 
  you can even buy it for ~ 50 usd at a physical store ( jb hifi ) . 
  bethesda probably went `` hmm 60 usd is 83 dollarydoos so we 'll put it at $ 80 on steam . '', 
  except they forgot steam in australia is still in usd so they could 've just kept it at 60, 
  sorry you got so offended bro, 
  they have to keep the soul of the class, 
  okay then enlighten me with your reasoning for reddit being actually liberal other than redditors thinking they are, 
  there 's l&p lollies ? 
  oh god . 
  the drink is amazing but i could n't imagine eating that . 
  also shoutout to pods , they 're amazing . 
  mars pods or go home, 
  how on earth do you miss the big [ flirt ] there ? 
  it 's super obvious when there 's only two options that it 's a decision that effects something and if you 're trying to romance anyone you should always pick the [ flirt ] options . 
  i honestly am baffled by how a large percentage of the community failed the basic reading comprehension at this scene, 
  there 's a definite boob window, 
  [ hmm , even with some slightly liberal interpretations i did n't get bingo . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ptdsahu.png ) only based off top level responses , i could n't bear to read much more . 
  this needs to be edited with at least two transphobic squares as there was a lot of that shit in the thread, 
  turns out women use the internet too, 
  michael 's elbows drier than the sahara . 
  noticed it last week too, 
  why do political comics often have labels on them like how it says `` world media '' on the hand/finger ? 
  it seems to go against most other comics where they show and do n't blatantly tell you what the subject is . 
  i do n't look at them often but it seems every second one has the topic literally spelled out for the viewer .
