  there are n't any dorms but luckily i live close to campus . 
   teachers didnt care if you showed up or not . 
  this is common in adult learning though, 
  sounds more like he wants / r/bestofoutrageculture, 
  fake leftists need to die, 
   `` none of the people complaining that white people run things are rushing to live in places where we do n't . '', 
   implying milo indianapolis runs anything other than his pandering blog, 
   fake leftists pls go, 
  any better ? 
  i 've been spending too much time on / r/fullcommunism, 
  daily reminder that cultural marxism is a nazi conspiracy theory, 
  we come here for memes , not to read, 
  unsure how that 's relevant, 
  can confirm live in state with the largest opal mine in the world, 
  alien blue is being pulled from the store, 
  the concern trolling over this whole `` issue '' is fucking gross, 
  imagine actually believing this, 
  wrong defitinion of bourgeois . 
  working class are proletarians, 
  i do n't like the childish big image/video preview things when browsing / r/all or whatever . 
  even `` compact '' mode seems to do nothing here . 
  why would you move to seeing only like three posts at once instead of the eight on alienblue ( with i think smaller text setting turned on ) . 
  hard pass until you get an actual compact mode like that alien blue screenshot, 
  how do you get a good proper chips and gravy soak going if you have to dip the chips into the gravy ? 
  to explain why : ssd 's do their own clean up and they only have a limited amount of read/write ( still a crazy high amount . 
  not sure if this is still a problem ) so defragmenting does nothing but shorten the lifespan of your drive, 
  waifus were never great, 
  that bicep peak, 
  yep sadly the norm in australia . 
  it 's around $ 60-90aud / month for 400gb depending on which provider you go with . 
  it sucks . 
  it used to be like 100gb and i had to ration that with my whole family , never going above 480p on youtube etc, 
  oh i probably should have mentioned you ca n't pay for speed in australia unless you 're on fibre which almost no one has as the infrastructure is n't there yet . 
  we have basic adsl2 + for like 90 % of the country with an average speed of 500-600kilobytes / s down , 80kilobytes/s up that you can not upgrade . 
  120gb sounds crazy small for the biggest plan, 
  this but unironically, 
  the fire rises, 
  calling someone with potential mental problems `` crazy '' is derogatory, 
  copyright is stealing from the people, 
  everything . 
  he did n't imply you would have to unlock it , it was more like when you open packs but you only play three classes you have 3/9 chance to get class cards for classes you play , so if they add another class it 's then 3/10 or 3/11 . 
  aka getting cards you ca n't use because you do n't play the classes, 
  it 's the greater area . 
  google `` mexico city metroplitan area . '', 
  like how toronto is only 2.6 m but greater toronto area is 6m people . 
  same with los angeles and new york , you have to look at the greater/metropolitan area, 
  what does ghosted mean in this context ? 
  i know it as walking very closely behind someone until they notice you lmao, 
  but if you house the homeless in them the property owners wo n't profit by doing nothing :(, 
   people who reddit always repeats endless have mental health issues, 
  everyone with issues should be able to get help for free, 
   put them in a home by themselves that someone else owns and is responsible for ? 
  if the owner is not using it i suggest they be forced to give up their ownership . 
   and responsible for what happens there , such as making drugs or prostitution ? 
  irrelevant if bourgie no longer owns the house, 
   sometimes i read comments on reddit and i really ca n't be sure if it 's written by a 9th grader , a minimum wage adult with 0 concept of reality , or just a complete troll . 
  sometimes i read comments on reddit and i really ca n't be sure if it 's written by someone who has eaten out of the trashcan of ideology so long they can not fathom alternative systems to what we have now, 
   ok , well it will be ` free ' for the homeless person . 
  yes . 
  but someone has to pay for it right ? 
  which is a good idea if you believe in it , but have you put your money where your mouth is ? 
  i do n't really believe in money tbh so just take it from the bourgeois, 
   this does n't really make sense on any level . 
  ` give up ownership ' , like what , the government buys it from them ? 
  so instead of building a shelter that houses multiple people , the government just buys each few homeless people a vacant house ? 
  no the government takes it from the property owners . 
  these houses are unused . 
   `` no , the government seizes it '' ... oh ok , so you have n't got to 9th grade yet . 
  what do you think the consequence of that kind of policy would be ? 
  and let 's say it happened , let 's use our brains , what would happen to the house when you have people getting ` free help ' living in a house ? 
  why do you not want people to have a place to live ? 
  it 's one of the most basic necessities of life . 
  once again these houses are unused . 
  let the new owner do what they want just like you can do what you want in your house, 
   well , if you want to talk about anything that is actually actionable in the real world , you 'll first have to break out of your wet dream and start living in reality . 
  i know it 's not reality , that 's why i support armed revolution to make it reality, 
   i know i 'm not gon na change your mind , but when you think of a ` plan ' , or you hear a politician or someone else saying something like that , think . 
  what will be the effect of this thing , and how will it effect each person ? 
  what will be the end result ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about bourgeois politicians . 
  the end result is communist utopia, 
   if you did that for what you were saying , you 'd realize it would be a lose for a homeowner , lose for anyone else owning a house near a vacant house ,, 
  good . 
  i do n't respect private property and you should n't either, 
   lose for the homeless people , and lose for the government . 
  literally a lose/lose all around . 
  how is it a loss for people to have a permanent place to live in ? 
  that sounds pretty fucking great to me . 
  again do not care about the government losing anything either, 
   and also i know you wanted to ignore the statistics about bums not wanting to live in shelters with rules , but again , think . 
  what do you think these rules are ? 
  submitting to torture ? 
  or basic things like do n't use drugs , take showers , etc. 
  have some empathy for your fellow humans . 
  everyone deserves a place to live, 
   so if there are places where homeless can go , and they are n't full , who 's fault is that ? 
  not the homeless ' . 
  you would much rather your own place to live than some shitty shelter that gets no funding, 
  you see nothing wrong with working 40 years just to have a place to live ? 
  it 's rated differently in different countries so it 's the same product but with a different number .
