  dennis-larry : meads means `` dennis-larry of the house meads '' and is their secret spell so you can not prosecute `` dennis-larry : meads '' for a crime `` dennis larry meads '' committed . 
  learned this on the amibeingdetained sub last week, 
  akshualally it 's an attractive * female * dressing up as a video game character and as we all know only * men * are real gamers ipso facto ad hoc she 's a fake gamer girl, 
   she 's saying `` what 's metal gear solid ? 
  i picked this cosplay because it let 's me show off my boobs and my ass looks good in tore up tights '' * twirls . 
  it 's weird how aggressive reddit gets about scantily clad cosplayers when they 're all `` tits or gtfo '' , `` lol nice tits amirite guys '' , `` dat ass '' and how else their penis thinks on any modestly dressed picture of a woman that gets posted . 
  is it just because it 's from a video game ? 
  far right wingers pretend to be left wing to demonise actual left wingers as right wing . 
  how does this make sense to anybody ? 
  no one wants your worthless internet funbux, 
  m8 do u see the white on its back, 
  this is longer and somehow more cheerful than my entire life, 
  if you accept her majesty elizabeth the second , by the grace of god of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , and of her other realms and territories queen , head of the commonwealth , defender of the faith in to your hearts, 
  what did you think we had ? 
   quality discussion and food for thought in cb2, 
  you get to feel like you 're in a multi-million person `` in-joke '' i guess . 
  literally textbook definition of bourgeoisie, 
  there are some appetite suppressants which would make you feel like eating less but they 're seemingly a side effect of other medication and are not marketed as appetite suppressants, 
  dae play one of the most popular flash games of all time ? 
  ebin reference brother :\\ ^ ), 
  i got gifted it recently and i really love that you can load three times as many comments , and new comments are highlighted if you revisit a thread . 
  super handy but i ca n't see myself paying for it much, 
  it 's nerfed but in the context of legion 's pvp talents it is now way better, 
  we do n't suddenly become a hive mind like the borg once we defeat the bourgeois pigs, 
  mm that serratus, 
  christ, 
  i 'm sorry but there is only one unnecessary knife and no guns , this is just a fake edc girl :\\ ^ ), 
  dae boobs ? 
  i wish there was a commie land to move to :(, 
  maybe on this sub but according to the admins commenting in a linked thread is fine it 's just voting they ban for . 
  like srs gets to `` yell at the poop '' [ comment ] but not `` touch '' [ vote ] . 
  most meta subs ban commenting as well but it 's not an official stance as far as i can tell, 
  something like straight [ able ] white cis s ? 
  man, 
  thanks !, 
  i thought it might be but it seemed redundant with straight but now i know better, 
  get this weak shit outta here, 
  the engine is really showing its age with all these awesome 3d helmet , shoulders , belts and gloves and then a flat texture chest and pants . 
  i really love the set , although the mythic set seems too similar to the normal set . 
  really excited for the rest of the sets i have n't seen yet, 
  of course victorians call it something dumb . 
  parmi all the way, 
  dresses have always been flat textures though :( they could do some cool stuff like robes and that but they ca n't, 
  it was n't really reddit-creepy it was just `` boobs : ddddddddd i see boobs i comment : ddddddddd dae boobs ? 
  see you can barely see the faint outline of some boobs so i must comment on your boobs even though it is not relevant at all : ddddddddddddd '', 
  i have to wonder if maybe our definition of `` free speech '' is different to the crybabies definition at this point, 
  redditors are really dumb, 
  you have won a luxurious ride on the winnebago !, 
  what is with the rest of reddit and capitalism ? 
  not everything that 's funny comes from 4chan, 
  75 with 15 of those being night in south australia, 
   lmao , i was original creator of that comment . 
  were you baiting or do you actually believe srs is bad ? 
  because you 'd be objectively wrong, 
  are n't stickied comments karma-immune anyway ? 
  seems like this is the reason for that, 
  dae try to keep our cool kids clubhouse of 185,000 people at / r/polandball a secret ? 
   at least now they 'll be away from a toxic partner . 
  this is not the proper response to someone 's mental illness . 
  oh reddit , the champions of trying to make people take mental illness more seriously but then goes around and downvotes this comment . 
   for fucks sake . 
  you do n't have shit to worry about . 
  you do n't have to work . 
  you do n't have to cook . 
  you do n't have to do shit . 
  you play video games all day to take your mind off of things ( which is fine with me ) and then you have the damned audacity to complain ? 
  as someone who had serious depression and this was basically my life , this actually makes it worse ( yes i know it 's different for everyone ) and is n't a `` lol dae wish freeload and play video games all day utopia '' daydream that some people have . 
  this guy is a real piece of shit, 
  this sub [ ] ( / / #smug ), 
  btw can we get user flair so i can passively shitpost on every comment i type ? 
  edgelords are offended that they ca n't be shitty in / r/me _ irl so they made their own reactionary version, 
  when you do n't understand how words are defined , it makes you look like a moron . 
   if a guy assaults you it 's self defense . 
  if a girl assaults you and you fight back it 's domestic violence . 
  what . 
  either this is a poor taste joke about spouse-beating or this guy actually believes this, 
   i already own a small business, 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  right ? 
  i 'm surprised so many people want 40 dust over a new cardback, 
  why does owning something give you the right to exploit your workers ? 
  owning something is doing nothing once you 've earned back your `` investment '', 
   and then darth vader hunt down and kills the remainder afterwards . 
  this is literally canon , does nobody watch the 3d cartoons ? 
  what is with ~ ~ childrens card games ~ ~ computer games that gets people to actually believe the whole eu vs na meme ? 
  m8 it was touching 41 today in radelaide and will be for the rest of the week i ca n't take any more, 
  yeah but usually it 's just lighthearted banter . 
  some people take it super super seriously, 
  well the fact that the galaxy is run by a republic now says they 're exiled and they were defeated at the end of ep 6, 
  it absorbs the sun for fuel for the cannon so it makes sense kinda, 
   oh yeah ignore the fact that 45 million people died, 
  only 45 million ? 
  i think you mean 45 trillion !, 
  private property and personal property are different things, 
  it 's like they intentionally miss the point to be all smug about their incorrect interpretation, 
  edit 2 : fucking liberals, 
   this put me off massively because it does n't make any sense . 
  storm troopers are clones . 
  how the fuck is one of them a black guy ? 
  looks like we got a fake geek boy here .
