   fuck you for trying to feel good about yourself, 
  is burnie wearing glasses with no lens ? 
  i had a good day today , 
  it 's only racist when it 's not them . 
  common reactionary tactic , `` we 're not sexist you are because you think feeeemales deserve more money !, 
  just give everyone more money ! '', 
  `` we 're not racist , you are because you want to help black people !, 
  what about everyone else ? '', 
  do you not have rugby 7 's ? 
  7 man team vs the full 15, 
  someone actually asked this in the bitcoin subreddit thread about this lol, 
  what 's the difference between supporting a racist vs having explicitly racist opinions ? 
  the internet was a mistake, 
  they may be less klankidzinaction but they 're 100 % liberal and proud of it . 
  smug centrists are the worst, 
  americans get very upset when you call anything that is n't 100 % minced meat patty in a bun a hamburger, 
  selfie cameras are flipped by default on every modern smartphone, 
  yes it can flip it back to normal when it saves the picture ( ios does this ) but some services like snapchat keep it mirrored, 
  lol their sad tired memes in every comment . 
  it 's so boring, 
  it 's weird that they hate skeletons so much but appropriate our memes, 
   most marxist-leninists ( - maoists ) are social democrats who like the su and the prc . 
  they constantly think of shitty , ideologically inconsistent excuses for the terrible things their beloved dictators did and apply the great man theory to history when they realise that after a point in history the ` socialist states ' are n't worth defending . 
  what the fuck am i reading, 
   ketchup with chicken, 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  eaten by children who do n't know any better . 
  statement still stands, 
  mooooooooodddddssss the liberalism is coming from inside the sub, 
  fuck off racist, 
   as i have gotten older , my political beliefs have shifted so that i agree with tenets from each party and since the candidates tow the party for most issues i will never be completely happy with who i vote for . 
  it 's the like the lesser of two evils every time i cast my ballot and it sucks . 
    moderates ftw, 
     not moderates , liberty focused voters . 
  * sniff *, 
  left-liberals are centre-right at best, 
   in most of the world it 's normal for public bathrooms to be charged for ; in any case lots of things are normal that should n't be . 
  i would strongly disagree . 
  i know it 's around in some european countries but it is definitely not the norm and if it is where you live you should fight it . 
  neither statements are true and even if they were , could n't co-exist, 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen more than 8 % fat , let alone 27 %, 
  not near me ( straya ) , every mince beef is `` heart smart '' 5 % garbage . 
  burgers just do n't work with 5 % :(, 
  to be fourteen again :'), 
  i 'm almost 57 % sure reddit has not listened to any music other than what their dad played on the stereo when they were younger . 
  dad rock city, 
  how many layers of irony are we on right now ? 
   implying voting does something in a two party system where both parties suck, 
  omg lol, 
  was that even real ? 
  if so we need a new `` 2017 - richard dawkins found naked fighting a swan '' timeline for notch, 
  i do n't even know how to react to that being a real thing that he posted on twitter seriously, 
  you are violating my nap time, 
  stalinism is n't real, 
  there is no ethical consumption under capitalism, 
  labor fucking over poor people , what 's new, 
  there 's no point trying to be ethical with your purchases under capitalism as none of it is ethical so buy what you need and glorious veganarchy will come, 
  i wish reddit never discovered the word feelings, 
  this is the best thing i 've seen all year, 
  tfw not a french radical :(, 
  hahaha i read another thread in that sub and this was upvoted, 
   inability to have private property is , objectively , slavery . 
  / r/shitamericanssay but leftist would be good, 
  mainland australia is an island still, 
  if australia is a continent then what continent is new zealand and the other islands a part of ? 
  it 's oceania, 
  good . 
  it 's a monument of western imperialism, 
  counter with the pencil sharpener analogy, 
  c-town usertag as well . 
  which part of the country calls it spag bog ? 
  wtf ? 
  i 've lived in radelaide most of my life and it 's spag bol like the civilised people we are, 
  wow leftcoms suck, 
  wow no americans being upset that another country calls `` sandwiches '' burgers that 's a first, 
  500 days of summer is good, 
  w2c ? 
  omg its real, 
  they 're the social democrats of communism . 
  aka they like red, 
  it 's pretty memey to slow cook a quick and dirty meal like mac and cheese, 
   militant tankies that fetishize stalin * and apologize for isis and hamas *, 
  literally does n't happen ever, 
  being against trump does n't make you a hillary supporter, 
  why was he wearing armor to begin with then ? 
  did n't have that ability yet ? 
  reminds me of the qvb in sydney, 
  thank you !, 
  this is really good , 
  legalise it then . 
  they 're very safe if you have the knowledge and do regular blood tests, 
   calbearia 8:52 am, 
   i contacted a user who was critical of our app, 
   i wanted to get his feedback ( since i did that with our first 200 users ), 
   i did n't understand the subtleties with reddit and identity, 
   and i screwed up, 
   my intent was not malicious, 
   it 's devastating since i dont get to talk to 10,000 great people, 
   but mistakes were made in how i handled this, 
   we 're disassociating ourselves with the project,
