  people went this time ? 
  who the fuck are you ? 
  we have voted , now its not good enough ? 
  fuck you . 
  you 're a fucking nerd who sits there and jerks off the the fucking power you are imposing on people . 
  not a democracy ? 
  fuck you , what the fuck are the upvote and downvote buttons for , looks ?!, 
  you 're a fucking clown , and its not 30 or 40 people doing it to protest , its fucking people who dont like the shit you clowns pulled . 
  you really think we are just going to stop complaining ??? 
  fuck you, 
  you realize , neck beard , i would punch your teeth down into your cake hole if you dared to speak to me like that in person ? 
  you have huge balls online ; however , my guess is your `` real life '' persona lacks the lustre you try to broadcast on reddit . 
  the shock when people find out you survive on stolen wi-fi and you live in your mom 's basement . 
  how sad . 
  nice dick bro, 
  the formatting was shite when i posted it on mobile so i had to go back on my computer and copy the source so its more readable, 
  i know right aye , but then they say we 're pussies for not enjoying anything below 10c so it 's fair, 
  matt desperately needs a haircut , shave and some better clothes, 
  mr. big shot here !, 
  watch it tough guy . 
  i have connections with the reddit admins and the srs archangels . 
  i will ban you . 
  i will ban you from not only cb , but the rest of reddit . 
  you will try to login and nothing will happen . 
  just like waking up in real life . 
  i bet you do n't even have more than a wake and bake just to get through your day of incompetent slurs and insults . 
  you have the edgeiness of a razor hell bent on trying to shave the peach fuzz your boss at mcdonalds commands you to . 
   but i * did * shave my neckbeard, 
   you ai n't got nothin ' to shave boy . 
  you just do n't look right . 
  i 've been a memer since the aol days and have seen guys like you come in and out like your mom and my dick every night . 
  your shit is old . 
  your shit stinks like shit , and your * trolling * is dated to like 1957 . 
  come up with some original racist shit and i will only look down on you as a fuck head instead of mindless drone trying to be an edgy 14 year old who 's balls just dropped a half inch to the tip of your dick . 
  ** you are the reason your future is going to suck . 
  do n't blame your mom , at least she tried . 
  you know , when someone calls me brave i take that with a great sense of gratitude . 
  i am brave , i am someone who actually can call out the truth without worrying about who will judge me . 
  people like you who choose to call someone like me out with an overused joke must think they 're so hilarious to sit back and think that they offended someone like me . 
  what am i supposed to do ? 
  `` oh no this guy made a joke against me i guess he 's right about everything hurr hurr '' . 
  that is completely stupid , you most likely sit in your chair and make stupid comebacks thinking you must be the funniest most clever guy in the world . 
  i consider myself an innovator and an intellectual . 
  i made a comment criticizing something that nobody else chooses to do and i get backlash from people who think they may be better than i. 
  so i want to thank you for that comment . 
  i take it as a compliment . 
  i have had enough of being called a conspiracy theorist . 
  my parents believe that the things i am worried about are nothing more than that . 
  but i do n't believe they are . 
  our democracy and individual rights are heavily under fire . 
  our governments ( i am canadian ) have decreed it `` okay '' to lie to us regularly and distort the information they do give to us . 
  hiding from transparency which is our only way to hold them accountable . 
  corporations have won the ability to all but fix our elections through corporate sponsorships and have no accountability because of censored media coverage through a conflict of interest . 
  the government also believes that collateral damage during wartime is just a side effect . 
  they believe that they can use the cover of national security to destroy our right to privacy . 
  these our not conspiracies and are an abysmal representation of the way that i and all other youth believe . 
  i have lost faith in the older generations ability stand up and say enough . 
  this is our world not theirs . 
  we are the ones who have the longest to live and the most to lose . 
  i no longer accept the slaughter of innocents in the middle east or anywhere . 
  if it was not for our governments atrocious actions they would not want us to die . 
  if it was not for israel 's smothering of poor people and disrespect for others cultures and beliefs they would not want them dead as well . 
  i no longer believe in the invisible lines old men drew in the sand to divide us . 
  whether you are american , russian , brazilian , mexican , indian , chinese , iraqi etc. . it does not matter . 
  you are my brother of humanity and i want no harm to ever come to you . 
  our interests our the same : live peacefully and sustainably , have a family , a good job . 
  as such we should work together at all times and never be at odds . 
  i wish to abolish the conflict of interest that all our news stations suffer from . 
  i believe in a fully informed public . 
  for when people are fully informed i do believe in their ability to not panic and make the best available decision . 
  i believe that coorporations and governments must become fully transparent as to show us the true nature of their decisions and unearth their conflicts of interest . 
  i believe that the cost of education be lowered so that all people have the same chance at education without mortgaging their future . 
  i believe we are not given adequate options to live sustainably and are purposely given such few options to further feed a small group whose intention is to continue their profit at whatever cost to the environment or our personal health . 
  this creates my belief that it is them ( anyone with a net-worth of over 30 million ) who should surrender a third of their wealth to combat the problems of the earth ie : sustainable energy and transportation , starvation etc. . . if they do not like it they should have done something before the world reached where it is now . 
  i make 50k a year and will never be able to afford a home in my hometown of vancouver , yet i survive comfortably . 
  anyone who has 30 million can surely survive off of 20 million . 
  the times have changed and i will no longer stand for it . 
  my name is travis alexander , i will not hide who i am and i no longer accept the world we live in . 
  whether your left-wing , right-wing or right in the middle these our things we all can agree on . 
  i have made many mistakes in my life . 
  though it is my belief that it is not out mistakes but how we learn and recover that defines us, 
  i have never seriously used a hashtag but i will now . 
  my belief is every decision on this earth should be made for humanity . 
  if you support this then join the fight by posting or upvoting articles of humanity working together , sustainable technology , censorship and corruption . 
  post them to social media as well . 
  be it pictures , articles or whatever with a tag # 4humanity . 
  we will let them know that the days of suffering and destruction are coming to an end because we will it and the governments will be reminded of who they serve, 
  edit : i recommend as many as possible screen shot this . 
  so if something does happen to me for stating this we can all say this is where it started . 
  better to be safe than sorry . 
  holy shit the above was a soft jest at what we have all been talking about . 
  jesus should definitely have put / s, 
  edit 2 : i did the hashtag idea as a way we could all show how we are all for the same movement . 
  tbh i dont really know how to do that . 
  i guess dont put a hashtag and just write 4humanity . 
  if you have any other ideas for us to show we all want this kind of progress pm me . 
  ill post them . 
  to those who are here to just insult move on . 
  if you have constructive criticism on something i said or a way to approach it please post it . 
  i like his traps ^ ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ ^ homo,
