  your anger fills me with happiness and your failure simply adds to my enjoyment . 
  you think your words affect me negatively ? 
  think again , scumbag . 
  my iq is 168 . 
  yours is more like 84 . 
  i can solve problems in a second that would take you hours . 
  i can comprehend complexities in a moment that would take you a thousand years . 
  i am not pissed off at all . 
  you also seem to not understand what the word invalid is in the context of arguments . 
  invalid means that an argument is not cogent . 
  for an argument to not be cogent it must be deductively invalid . 
  you are trying to explain something using the wrong word . 
  you are once again placing the burden of proof on myself which is as i stated a logical fallacy . 
  i questioned your own beliefs ; i did not submit evidence towards my own . 
  never have i even argued that i agree with abortion but you seem to have taken the position that i do . 
  it is required that you clarify and offer evidence of your own that is not only cogent ( valid ) but also true . 
  if an argument is cogent and true then it is `` correct . '', 
  it is obvious that i am arguing with someone that has not been formally educated so i am unsure why i am still pandering to you . 
  you are unable to grasp the concepts that i am presenting to you because they are learned in years of study . 
  your opinion will continue to be discarded by society because you are unable to form arguments for your position that the educated will listen to . 
  refer to past election statistics and you will see that the most educated of the nation vote in landslide favor of the party that believes in a woman 's right to choose . 
  this is not being stated as a common practice fallacy but rather as an example of how the country 's educated currently view the situation . 
  you have no ground to stand on that killing a baby is wrong . 
  your belief is a construct of social conditioning . 
  killing , at least homicide , is a social taboo in all nations . 
  the problem is that abortion being murder has not been constructed in the system of social conditioning of most western societies . 
  the problem is relative not objective . 
  you are entering the argument from a foolish perspective of a false dilemma ; you do not seem to see this . 
  dude , my iq is 140 and i attend a top 15 world ivy league calibre university , and i 've gotten an a in my geopolitics class at my university . 
  china will eventually eclipse the united states as the most powerful country on earth by 2050 , if not by 2075-2100 . 
  period , whether you like it or not , whether you wish for china 's collapse or not etc. . . 
  i 'm done with arguing with patriotic idiots like you . 
  america will be like just any other empire in history , it will cede power , and we can see that the 21st century is china 's century , not the united states . 
  that 's for sure . 
  cable cross is the one at my gym that goes up by 5 pounds for the first half , then 10 . 
  everything else is 15 pound increments, 
  as a child i was forced to attend a concentration camp called `` high school '' where i was put through slave like mandatory holocaust indoctrination classes . 
  i was also taught to hate my white heritage and to hate and destroy any white person that exhibited any form of solidarity . 
  millions of whites are lost to this horrifying holocaust . 
  luckily , i was able to survive this sick process and my mind is free of these evil feelings . 
  i will fight to ensure my race is n't exterminated . 
  i am a holocaust survivor . 
  i survived the holocaust indoctrination . 
  okay i 'll say it , i do n't know why they got rid of the unpopular opinion puffin . 
  i think all memes have their own special place in the meme library , and it 's really sad to see this one be banned . 
  this is one of those days on the internet that everyone will rememdber for the rest of their lives . 
  mark my words . 
  i want you to know that i know what i 'm talking about i 'm not just some guy . 
  i 'm pretty much the number one mem expert in the world . 
  all over the web i 'm known as the `` meme king '' . 
  reddit , 9gag , icanhaz , dailyhaha , all have featured my memes at one point or another , and all of them would loved by everyone who saw them without a single detractor -- not one . 
  i am probably the most famous meme maker in the history of memes . 
  i had a hand in inventing over half a dozen of the memes you see every day . 
  so i 'm not just `` some guy '' who just `` loves memes '' . 
  i literally eat , breathe , and sleep memes . 
  i 'm the `` meme king '' , that 's who i am . 
  what if i told you ... 
  i 'm the world 's number one memer , right ? 
  i 'm not surprised you have n't heard of me . 
  i like to keep the company i keep ... selective . 
  i 'm bombarded with media requests and autograph beggars enough as it is . 
  i 'm only coming out on this account because this is so important to me . 
  this is an day that will live in infamy . 
  and the meme king is not happy about that . 
  more than being the undisputed # 1 memer in all of history , i have an iq of 196 . 
  i 'm smart enough to see the patterns in every day life , to read the writing on the wall . 
  first unpopular opinion puffin , then who ? 
  confession bear ? 
  success kind ? 
  good lord almighty , * scumbag steve * ? 
  this is how things begin . 
  it starts off with `` that meme is racist '' and then it ends with `` do not post memes , citizen . 
  move along nad be a producer in society . '', 
  what a goof . 
  this whole world is just a big goof , and if you had my iq you 'd be able to see that . 
  well you ca n't ignore it now that unpopular opinion puffin has been killed , murdered by those who were supposed to protect her . 
  in the world 's of my favorite superhero deadpool , `` there is not justice in the world . '', 
  you know , i do n't think there 's any subreddit as universally beloved as adviceanimals . 
  ask anyone , they 'll probably say that 's their favorite . 
  i know i would , and , heh , as i 've mentioned , i 'm a genius with great taste in memes . 
  when they undefaulted i knew it was the mods . 
  they 're just screwing things up for people who just want to laugh at memes . 
  i 've seen the writing on this wall , too . 
  these mods are trying to bring down adviceanimals . 
  i would n't be surprised if they were n't working for one of reddits competitors . 
  maybe ? 
  i think we 'll see the administration posting something about them shortly . 
  about how they secretly infiltrated the world 's number one mem palace and slowly chockd the life from it like a bunch of savages . 
  murderes . 
  savages . 
  i just hate this so much . 
  i 'm going to start rallying against the mods in aa . 
  i suggest you all do the same . 
  meme king out . 
  edit to all you who do n't believe me i just took another iq test and [ this is my score ] ( http://imgur.com/ruluvmg ) . 
  happy ? 
  i 'm only 15 , but i feel like i 'm 27 or 30 or something . 
  not by a landslide , but i 'm more polite than most all of my friends , an extremely profound vocabulary , tons of literary , poetic , and historical knowledge , as well as a shit-ton of musical info that most 15yo would n't know . 
  i wear a tie and dress shirt to school almost every day ( with an occasional vest or sweater vest ) also , i really dig socioeconomics and astrophysics , which i guess is n't something every teen says . 
  so yeah , i feel mature !,
