  i love everyone , even people i hate . 
  i wish my worst enemies good fortune and happiness . 
  rick perry is a vile , piece of shit human being , deserving of zero respect , but i wish for him to change for the better and live the best life possible . 
  i wish this for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty much a pacifist . 
  i 've taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution , because the guy stopped punching after that . 
  the only time i 'll fight back is if 1 ) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2 ) if i do n't attack , i 'll come out worse than the other person will if i do . 
  in other words , if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me , i do n't fight back . 
  i 've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious , because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i 'm never in a situation where i 'll be worse off after a fight . 
  if i 'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries , i really do n't care . 
  the only exception is if someone is going after my life . 
  even then , i 'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself . 
  if someone points a gun at me and i can get out of it without harming them , i 'd prefer to do that over killing them . 
  i consider myself a feminist . 
  i do n't believe in enforced or uniform gender roles ; they may happen naturally , but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally . 
  as in , the societal pressure for gender roles should really go , even if it 'll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord . 
  i treat women with the same outlook i treat men , and never participate in the old reddit `` women are crazy '' circlejerk , because there are multiple women out there and each have different personalities just like there are multiple men out there and each with different personalities . 
  i do n't think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome women out there by going on and on about the ones who are n't awesome . 
  that does n't mean i look for places to victimize women , i just do n't believe it 's fair to make generalizations such as the one about women acting like everything 's ok when it 's really not ( and that 's a particularly harsh example , because all humans do that ) . 
  i 'm kind of tired of citing these examples and i 'm guessing you 're getting tired of reading them , if you 've even made it this far . 
  in closing , the people who know me in real life all respect me , as do a great many people in the reddit brony community , where i spend most of my time and where i 'm pretty known for being helpful around the community . 
  a lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times , and i spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there . 
  yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite motivational/inspirational quote was , and that comment was second to the top , so i guess other people agreed ( though , granted , it was a pretty low-traffic post , only about a dozen competing comments ) . 
  and , uh , i 'm a pretty good moderator . 
  all that , and i think your behavior in this thread was totally assholish . 
  so what do you think , now that you at least slightly know me ? 
  to the person who has already downvoted my post , you must be the most shitty , lonely , pitiful piece of shit on this planet . 
  you could 've looked at the shitty meme , thought it was shitty , because it is , and you could 've let it go . 
  oh , but that would n't be enough , would it ? 
  you had to express your dubiousness towards it via physically aiming for the downvote icon , and clicking , using muscles in your judgemental hand of justice . 
  what do you do all day ? 
  do you just browse reddit with such a negative mindset that you have to actually downvote everything that does n't make you skeet ? 
  `` this skeet post did n't make me skeet . 
  only i make me skeet . 
  everything must know it sucks , so i shall downvote the non-make-me-skeet-ers . '', 
  that 's you . 
  i do n't care how , just die . 
  regardless of my iq , i would like to preface that iq is merely a single attribute of what makes a person . 
  iq facilitates quicker learning , ( ideally ) less errors , and allows for larger leaps to newer ideas . 
  it 's a gradient , and high iq is like starting life with a trust fund ; it makes certain things easier , but it 's not going to stop you from throwing it away or doing anything remotely useful with it either . 
  for a living i 'm an entrepreneur . 
  my favorite hobbies are riddles , video games , and prototyping random engineered creations . 
  favorite books are on neuroscience . 
  i ca n't pick just one i 'm an idiot moment . 
  i have an abnormally high aptitude for fucking up relationships with girls . 
  i do n't know what my iq is exactly . 
  once i tested at above 180 , but i do not believe that test was geared towards high enough iq 's , which essentially nullifies the results . 
  it 's also an unimportant metric ; it is what it is and i have no control over it . 
  i can sleep well , remain healthy , etc to do better , but otherwise it 's just a number . 
  it 's not really something to be proud of because i did n't really earn it . 
  i can only be proud of what i do with it . 
  socially , it sucks because if i ever make an error , it 's hurr durr you 're a genius , and if i ever do anything intelligent or remarkable it 's hurr durr we expected as much . 
  ( i still love it though , i 'm hoping by the 2150 's to enhance my brain with implants :p ), 
  you know , when someone calls me brave i take that with a great sense of gratitude . 
  i am brave , i am someone who actually can call out the truth without worrying about who will judge me . 
  people like you who choose to call someone like me out with an overused joke must think they 're so hilarious to sit back and think that they offended someone like me . 
  what am i supposed to do ? 
  `` oh no this guy made a joke against me i guess he 's right about everything hurr hurr '' . 
  that is completely stupid , you most likely sit in your chair and make stupid comebacks thinking you must be the funniest most clever guy in the world . 
  i consider myself an innovator and an intellectual . 
  i made a comment criticizing something that nobody else chooses to do and i get backlash from people who think they may be better than i. 
  so i want to thank you for that comment . 
  i take it as a compliment . 
   how the fuck are you typing out this shit so fast . 
  you must literally be sat there waiting for me to respond , just so you can make yourself look like you 're shitting all over me , but you 're not . 
  anyone who reads this thread can see how fucking retarded you are . 
  all you do is sit here , type shit , and then you think you 're fucking great . 
  i just told you , i will beat you the fuck up . 
  in the ring . 
  where do you live ? 
  you thick fuck , i 'll skullfuck your sister . 
  i give zero fucks about what he said . 
  i care about the privacy that was encroached . 
  he did not publish it . 
  this was not public information . 
  maybe he did n't mean it . 
  maybe it was a fantasy excursion to escape the reality of his life . 
  ever read a goddamn book not based in reality ? 
  i was ridiculed in my class because we had a public iq test . 
  then the sat test . 
  then every other goddamn test they could imagine . 
  i did n't want the fame . 
  i did n't want to be smarter than the rest . 
  i had thoughts . 
  i had anger . 
  i had so many feels i could express in ways my classmates , statistically , could n't comprehend . 
  the loneliness you will never really know . 
  what the hodor did you just hodoring say about me , you little hodor ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy hodors , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-hodor , and i have over 300 confirmed hodors . 
  i am trained in hodor warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed hodors . 
  you are nothing to me but just another hodor . 
  i will wipe you the hodor out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this hodor , mark my hodoring words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that hodor to me over the hodor ? 
  think again , hodor . 
  as we hodor i am contacting my secret network of hodors across the usa and your ip is being hodored right now so you better prepare for the hodor , maggot . 
  the hodor that wipes out the pathetic little hodor you call your life . 
  you 're hodoring dead , kid . 
  you 're a fail troll . 
  you think you 're making me angry ? 
  try again , maggot .
