  you have no idea what the term `` outrage culture '' means, 
  sounds like you need some / r/fullcommunism, 
  this gif will never not be good, 
   i got banned from me_irl for over the dumbest thing ever . 
  i was a dissenting voice in a communist circle jerk . 
  sounds like a pretty good reason to me, 
  emoji 's are pictures like , :( is an emoticon, 
   has been a total clown fiesta, 
  forsen ? 
  my mum thinks i 'm cool, 
  except misandry is n't a real thing that ruins lives like misogyny, 
  this but unironically, 
  yes . 
  eat the rich, 
  imagine the bernie spam , but * everywhere * . 
  like crank it up to 15 . 
  bernie is no where near as big here as paul was back in the day . 
  it was horrible, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  anita is criticised for being too babby about feminism when she could be more than feminism 101 . she is white bread vanilla moderate feminist , at least her videos are, 
  classical liberals are bad, 
  anarchism is as left as it gets m8, 
  they 're saying `` it sick , it piss '' not `` it sucks , it piss '' and i think it comes from jason genova 's youtube videos . 
  at least that 's where `` pissening '' entered the vocabulary after jason posted a instagram photo in his tighty whities with a piss stain, 
  we all cheered hard throughout all the panels but apparently the mics picked none of it up . 
  it must 've sounded awkward if you were watching the stream haha , but we were definitely cheering/clapping and even booing barbara 's horrible puns, 
  it 's only burger king in the eastern islands, 
  who is n't anti-capitalism at this stage, 
  if you have to for a solid frame rate do windowed mode instead so it 's pixel perfect and have a black wallpaper around the edge so it 's not distracting, 
   let your partner know where we 're at, 
  how is that bad grammar ? 
  it 's fine, 
  still super common to say where i 'm at, 
  the other discussions tab never fails to make me laugh, 
  kebab can mean two things . 
  that is neither of them . 
  mods, 
  get this fucken turkish bread shit out of here, 
  tfw no gym bro to oil up and rest your chin on his arm while he flexes his bicep, 
  look like all white sk8 hi 's for shoes, 
    this is the revolution . 
  soon we 'll be free from our corporate oppressors . 
   you probably wrote that comment from your mac running googles browser over that comcast isp while sipping starbucks . 
  tell me more how you 're embracing your corporate oppressor-free lifestyle . 
  god this is the most tired argument ever, 
  why do reactionaries insist on arguing something they have no knowledge of, 
   6 ' 1 and hovering near 170 lbs . 
  maintenance is about 3200 ,, 
  i do n't really think this is right . 
  i 'm 6 ' 2 170 and my maintenance is max like early 2000 's , cutting on 1500 or less, 
  cookie alert at 16:23, 
  mfw coming across reactionaries in the wild, 
  blue hair is pretty common now so these dorks must not go outside if they think it 's tumblr exclusive, 
  oh no it 's a libertarian, 
   trump supporters, 
   coontown tag, 
  lmbo, 
   i have no idea how anyone could classify reddit aka bernie 2016 as conservative . 
  oh boy are you in for a surprise . 
  reddit is largely neoconservative reactionary racist sexist transphobic homophobic etc trash who wants their weed and free college, 
  can you look at it on the phone app ? 
  i have n't been able to find how to look at user playlists on the desktop or phone app , at least in australia, 
  there is no story here to spoil ? 
  huh that managed to work but there 's two . 
  / r/bodybuilding and '' / r/bodybuilding playlist '', 
  congratulations , you played yourself . 
  kinda disrespectful . 
  h3h3 played themselves, 
  are you asking if i only think reddit is like that because i 'm biased ? 
  you 'll see thousands of redditeurs proclaim that they 'll vote trump over hillary . 
  what logic is there in that if you 're actually left of center ? 
  they 're not , they just dont want to seem like their conservative parents so they pretend they 're different while holding almost the same beliefs, 
   i just do n't see how it 's going to go away . 
  we go fullcommunism instead of only cultural, 
  insulin grows visceral fat , hgh grows organs, 
  you 're allowed to like something but still point out the bad parts, 
   most of those people only post there or other meta subreddits and complain, 
  i post in meta subs more than normal subs but i browse normal subs more often . 
  it 's just what people are passionate about seeing as they get shit on if they say redditors have problems in the defaults, 
  you do n't lose muscle in a cut as long as you have your protein and continue lifting . 
  this myth needs to die, 
  well i want to be a snarky ass about it, 
  [ you 're wrong . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/3e8dij/what_does_this_sub_think_of_the_starvation_mode/ ), 
  * study done by the military, 
  * crazy cardio , burning up to 6000 calories a day, 
  * subjects in the range of 3000-4000 calorie deficit per day, 
  * ate less than 1300 calories per day, 
  * experiened extreme sleep deprivation, 
  * didnt lose muscle mass till ~ 5 % bodyfat . 
  now stop spreading lies to make people paranoid about losing weight . 
  i 'm at -1000 per day and still have the same muscle mass and strength, 
  i was hoping for man ass :(, 
  what does regressive left even mean . 
  it 's like anarcho-capitalism for words that are opposites that somehow get put together by right wing nutters, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/d4nkest, 
  australian soil is just that red, 
  lmao, 
  why did you post this to circlebroke2 lmao, 
  impossible , they would have to exist to have an average age,
