  he 's still attracted to what he 's biologically supposed to be attracted , just younger version . 
  ca n't say same for homosexuals . 
  they are always attracted to something they are biologically not supposed to be attracted to . 
  to say and act they are not equal is disingenuous . 
   the anus was not designed , it 's a product of evolution via natural selection . 
  even then , it is a very sensitive place that makes anal very pleasurable it 's a design ( product ) by millions of years of evolution . 
  and majority of people would not agree with you on that anal part . 
  you need to stretch that shit real good in order to use it , so most people do n't practice anal . 
  so again , not what evolution made rectum to be used for . 
   ` treat ' is the wrong word . 
  therapy for pedophiles would n't be about stopping them from being attracted to children . 
  it would be about preventing them from having acting on their urges . 
  not to ` cure ' them that 's the same logic as if we should treat every straight human not to rape children or not , same thing as no consent was given it would certainly help in some cases , so why we do n't do it ? 
   no i never said that . 
  you did . 
  i said that transgender people are n't treated well . 
  yes , but you ignored what i said and went on to talk how `` harshly '' they are treated when it 's nothing close to harshly . 
  nothing worth that high suicide rate . 
  to blame society for transgender suicide is idiotic in the first place . 
   well , guess you know better than the dsm then !, 
  the same dsm that says pedos are mentally ill yet in your first sentence you said they are n't ? 
  hmm you contradict yourself quite a lot there buddy [ gotcha ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyimkiwpdu4 )  serial killers do n't ask consent of the people they killed . 
  does n't mean they are psychopaths what kinda analogy is that ? 
  wtf  could you have just a shred of empathy here ? 
  yes , that 's why i 'm for helping them rather than going on with their delusion which west is trying to push they do n't want to help them , they want to accept their delusions  which is why they transition yet they still regret and kill themselves after transition you know why ? 
  because when they look in the mirror , they do n't see their new self often , they still see the old uglyless it 's all in their heads, 
   science changes because of political pressure , just how they changed gay to not be part of dsm when it was first . 
   homosexuality is a naturally occurring phenomenon in basically all animals even if it is , what 's your point ? 
  we all come from same species , it 's logical to have same disorders . 
   these facts do n't change , culture changes . 
  exactly , culture changes and it forces science to change . 
  if it was n't for cultural and political pressure gays would still be in the dsm . 
  same is being done for trans people right now . 
  they will soon be classified as `` not mental illness '' when it clearly is in majority of cases . 
  i think denmark is close to labeling it as not mental illness , or so i read here on reddit somewhere . 
  the only people that had suicide rates as high as trans are jews under nazi . 
  you think the culture is that bad towards trans ? 
  similar to how nazi treated jews ? 
  it 's mental illness that makes them kill themselves . 
  no sane person would do it . 
  nazis killed jews . 
  trans kill themselves . 
   homosexuality does not need treatment  pedophilia needs treatment because there are children at risk if there is no proper treatment or prevention neither does pedophilia . 
  it 's attraction to something not normal . 
  you can not treat it just as you can not treat homosexuals . 
  children are at risk because of molesters , not pedophiles . 
  what about gay pedophiles , are you half half on them ? 
  you 're hypocrite . 
   it is not the same for homosexuality because one is culturally allowed in the west and other is not . 
  that 's the only difference . 
  exactly pedos have pretty much the same level as gays in japan for example . 
  they do n't let pedos become molesters of course , but they are free to live normally without being shamed and thrown in jails . 
  they even have `` material '' available to cope with their desires . 
  and then we have islam where its pretty much opposite of the west , where pedos are okay and gays are not at the end , if you think one needs treatment and other does n't , you 're hypocrite because they are the same thing at the end of the day one is just allowed by law while other is not , because consent ( depends on the country ), 
  so pedophilia which is an attraction to kids ( not normal ) [ and mind you , there 's pedophiles vs molesters , not the same ] is considered mental disorder but homosexual which is an attraction to same sex ( not normal ) is not considered mental disorder yet they are the same thing at the end of the day ... makes you wonder why it 's like that currently , does n't it ? 
  what do you think of their condition what would you call it, 
  i remembered something , we 'll put trans talk on hold and continue after this . 
  what is your stance on pedophiles ? 
  http://www.sexchangeregret.com/ would this be good ? 
  idk , i can link you more stuff if you want, 
  transgender suicide after the surgery is still incredibly high even if it was n't , we 're still going on with the mental illness and trying to make them be something they are not and never will be brain does n't work that way , cells do n't work that way man can never fully become woman , and vice versa very small portion of them can even do the surgery , what of others ? 
  we 're now beginning letting men in a drag go to women 's bathroom where your daughter might be in the same moment pc culture is forcing girls to accept `` genderfluid '' and other insanity into the same bathroom or locker room . 
  they are forcing them to see the schlong . 
  just look what is happening in american schools . 
  pure insanity . 
  instead of dealing with the mentals , they are being accepted . 
  it is mental illness that needs to be treated one way or another , not accepted and glorified like bruce jenner if it becomes accepted someone else will have this same conversation couple of years in the future that we had now , how transgender never was and is not mental illness when in fact it always was and always will be, 
  yes it is i answered your trans comment , we 're done here goodbye, 
   okay , so you insult me instead of adressing what i said ? 
  you say straight men do n't have sex with men because `` they do n't want it . 
  that is insanity . 
  they do n't have sex with other men because it does n't fit their sexuality and the way normal human works , not simple `` because they dont want '' . 
  you ca n't just go `` yea i wan na fuck a man today , tomorrow i do n't '' with straight men , that 's not how it works . 
  you are insane for thinking that . 
  that 's not an insult at all . 
   yeah , gay people ca n't have children with their partner . 
  but they can have children with people of the other gender , just like straight people . 
  yes , but they are not straight . 
  my gay friend is disgusted by vaginas . 
  he thinks they are horrifying . 
  you think he can just one day go `` welp guess ill fuck a woman so i can have a kid ! '' ? 
  he would have to overcome some serious issues in order to make himself do that . 
   no , you 're factually wrong . 
  see how easy it is to say that ? 
  of course its easy to say it . 
  its different from actually being wrong , which you are , because you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
   maybe you just suck at telling me your position no , you 're clearly insane and incapable of reading and rational thought  if they can , then they stop performing gayness first of all , `` gayness '' is no actual word . 
  of course , that 's why i said * gayness * , not gayness . 
  see the difference ? 
  tell me of other way to say it that 's not complicated . 
   second , gay is something you are , not something you do . 
  exactly , yet you are talking as if its something they just do . 
   they can just go fuck a woman and reproduce  straight men simply dont want to fuck other men , when they want they can your own words , you 're contradicting yourself pretty badly here my mate  just because a gay person has sex with a person of the other gender does n't makes them less gay . 
  you 're wrong , yes it does . 
  at the very best it makes them bi . 
  at second best means they are not full on gay like how straight men are full on straight and puke at though of doing it with another man . 
   currently the best and most effective treatment for most transgender people is transitioning totally false suicide rate of people that transitioned is about the same as those who did n't it definitely is n't the best , nor the most effective treatment because first of all , it is n't even a treatment , its going on with their mental illness when a man talks to himself , do you say `` hi , what are you two talking about ? '', 
  or do you try to help him ? 
  do you continue going with his delusion or do you try to actual help him overcome it . 
  thank you for finally having the balls to answer .
