  now i know you have absolutely zero clue how any of this works and that you 're pc as it gets . 
  horrifying . 
  and yes it is relevant to homosexual talk . 
  both started out as disorder or illness and heading into direction where they are not because of pc culture , when they clearly are . 
  goodbye, 
  i did n't say its mental illness . 
  i said its a disorder . 
  disorder that does n't hurt or bother anyone and its totally fine . 
  now answer  i asked you about your thoughts on trans people . 
  you can answer that in one or two sentences easily . 
  stop dodging the question . 
  or are you scared of doing it ? 
  if you choose to ignore it one more time , i 'll know where we are , and that is you being wrong and scared of truth because it does n't fit with your feelings and pc agenda . 
  oh , but facts do agree with me . 
  as well as logic . 
  i 'm not gon na read all that crap you wrote about gambling or ocd . 
  i asked you about your thoughts on trans people . 
  you can answer that in one or two sentences easily . 
  stop dodging the question . 
  or are you scared of doing it ? 
  if you choose to ignore it one more time , i 'll know where we are , and that is you being wrong and scared of truth because it does n't fit with your feelings and pc agenda . 
   why is that ridiculous ? 
  they do n't want to do it . 
  it 's totally irrelevant why alright you are completely insane , got it  so , exactly like gay people ? 
  gay people also do it for fun and can have vaginal sex whenever they want no , completely opposite of gay people gay people ca n't do it with their gay partners and managed reproduction  damn son , you called my opinion pc . 
  that really convinces me that i 'm wrong . 
  because clearly nothing pc can ever be right . 
  exactly , opinion , not facts . 
  you 're factually wrong . 
  you just keep twisting what i say in order for it to fit your agenda . 
   well , good fucking thing that all humans are different from each other then . 
  what is the point of you saying this ? 
  completely irrelevant  so yea , gays ca n't reproduce unless they stop performing gayness they totally can . 
  they might dislike it , they might find it disgusting , but they can do it . 
  no , they ca n't if they can , then they stop performing * gayness * how about you read before you replying ? 
  since you ca n't seem to grasp my easy to read sentences, 
  no , its not irrelevant its very important and its related to gay topic  i asked you why scientists are now ` pc ' why are scientist now pc in an enforced pc culture ? 
   because their conclusion do n't align with your feelings ? 
  could you answer this ? 
  has nothing to do with my feelings , its all about facts . 
  tell me what is your stance on trans people , what you think of them and what we should do about them stop dodging the question and answer now, 
  read my comment again and think for a moment tell me what is your stance on trans people , what you think of them and what we should do about them . 
  ok i know you 're stupid , but are you really so stupid that i have to repeat 3 or so times for you to understand ? 
   it was before . 
  it is n't now - gay related  trans is mental illness , in some places they are beginning to change it to not mental illness - trans related --------------------  i am not talking about transgenders . 
  why do you keep bringing that up ? 
  because its the same concept you lunatic !, 
  man thinking he 's a woman is delusion and a mental illness , gender dysphoria !, 
  no matter what scientists say in the future , it will always be mental illness . 
  because that 's what it is . 
  pc culture can only change so much , but facts will always stay facts . 
   so you 're going to ignore the consensus of extreme majority of modern scientists and researchers about homosexuality because it does n't align with your views , your feelings ? 
  pc scientists . 
  you are going to ignore science because it does n't align with your views , your feelings ? 
  tell me what is your stance on trans people , what you think of them and what we should do about them . 
   yeah , and gay people totally can do that . 
  they just do n't want to no , they are wired so their mind rejects that and finds it disgusting , its not as simple as `` do n't want to '' its the same as saying straight man simply `` does n't want to '' fuck another man , ridiculous  you 're aware that there are also straight people that have anal sex ? 
  yes , but are you aware that is done for fun and that they are capable of performing basic human mechanic whenever they want ? 
  but yea good on you for ignoring first part of my comment because it does n't suit your pc views  no , they ca n't reproduce if they stick to their sexuality nobody is talking about obligation , im talking about basic human mechanic which led us all to this point if humanity was gay it would n't exist anymore so yea , gays ca n't reproduce unless they stop performing * gayness *, 
  it is n't now because of pc culture . 
  it always will be with scientists that are not scared of being called homophobic etc. 
  `` before '' you mean like hundreds of years ago ? 
  no i 'm talking about just few decades ago . 
  we 're on a way to make trans people not mentally ill legally as well . 
  a man thinking he 's a woman trapped inside wrong body is not mental illness ? 
  yea , totes . 
  we should glorify them instead of trying to help them !, 
  that 's what led to hundreds of `` genders '' and genderfluid , attack helicopter and all other insane shit . 
  mental illness . 
  but yeah , ignore all the scientists and researchers and stick to your pc `` feelings '', 
  no , they ca n't reproduce if they stick to their sexuality nobody is talking about obligation , im talking about basic human mechanic which led us all to this point if humanity was gay it would n't exist anymore sex organ going into other sex organ in order to reproduce is a normal evolutionary product sex organ going into a hole that is designed to take out extra shit body does n't need is not, 
  no , you 're talking about how it all is n't pc . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  and i 've just given couple of examples to back up my facts . 
  homosexuality is not considered mental illness * now * . 
  it was before , and it will always be some form of disorder . 
  yea , they can reproduce when they do it normally , not through * gayways * so , if they commit to gay , they ca n't reproduce , because babies do n't come from fucking in the ass or scissoring, 
  according to science it was mental illness . 
  according to science there were 2 genders , there still is tho . 
  definition of the word `` gender '' was literally changed to suit the new pc bullshit . 
  according to science transgender are beginning to not be mentally ill . science is not 1 entity . 
  yes , it is pc stuff . 
  you are the one who 's not interested in facts , you 're just interested in everchanging pc garbage . 
  there are 2 genders trangender are mentally ill both facts , deal with it, 
  stop ignoring what im saying and show me the proof of him being racist ok just looked at your post history majority is anti trump you 've proven nothing , goodbye propaganda spreader, 
  no , im ignoring your shitty websites with propaganda what you can do is link me to a video or tweet where he 's racist since he 's obviously so racist , there should be plentiful of evidence or you could keep avoiding what i say and act dumb in order to spread your propaganda, 
  yes its completely natural because nature fucked up next you gon na tell me how when a gay man is super fem is also completely normal and not at all related to trans which is mental illness good jokes man , but your pc stuff does n't work in the outside rich west ca n't wait for couple of years to pass and wait for you to come here claiming being trans is completely normal, 
  i 'm telling you to stop linking random websites with text i want to see his own words , tweet , a video etc. 
  where he does something racist you wo n't be able to convince me because you have no proof just like everyone else who calls him racist show me his tweets with white supremacist stuff , not a website talking about it, 
  admit what ? 
  again you 're playing with words in a sickening way grow up you slimly little shit, 
  yes it 's nature 's fuckup , if you did n't know we originate from the same being , so its quite normal for one disorder to be present in other animals and im pretty sure its not majority of animals, 
  what 's the point of you citing it ? 
  christians do n't do almost any of the bad stuff written in there . 
  while modern muslims by majority believe that shiria law should be everywhere tell me which christians believe in your quote yes its not about what book or prophet says , its about what people believe and they believe in exactly what their prophet tells them read up on shiria law before talking out of your pc ass  not all muslims believe that gays , non-believers , apostates , etc. 
  should be killed yea just vast majority , not all tho !, 
  only majority !, 
  you 're disgustingly ignoring facts , everything you said is load of crap said in order to hide how muslims think unless you 're muslim as well in which case you 're doing tarqiyya, 
  look up the definition of homophobia my comment has nothing to do with it , it 's just facts, 
  show me , not tell me and by show me i mean his own words , not some random propaganda site,
