eu from lets say 2005 ? 
  nobody sane eu from 2016 + ? 
  lots of people, 
  did you know that like 55 % of british pakistanis are inbred ? 
  and we 're letting these people in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2przadergc4 skip to 5:20 these people are insanely out of touch with reality and they are not assimilating at all , they are invading, 
  i 'm all for union , but without those who wish to harm us and conquer us . 
  you know who i 'm talking about . 
  everyone can unite , they never will , yet we keep letting them pour in . 
  they are the ones dividing , but certain blind people do n't see it . 
  then your places start slowly becoming shitholes like germany , sweden , france etc. . . 
  conspiracy ? 
  doubt its conspiracy by now every single msm media that supports multiculturism is owned by a jew pretty much http://i.stack.imgur.com/pphcg.jpg your comment is very dumb, 
  prodaje edb arabima . 
  ti podrzavas to . 
  this is aforementioned `` sns bot '' or `` toothless serbians '' as we call them , basically dumb peasants that get paid to vote in sandwitches http://www.teleprompter.rs/botovi-vucicu-transparent-vucic-botovima-sendvic-foto.html, 
  are you trying to say its not true ? 
  we 've been painted evil for decades , us citizens think only terrorists live here its the casual stereotype of russians/slavic are evil wit deir akcent serbian hate circlejerk is as strong as ever , reddit is a shithole , bunch of racists who pretend others are racists, 
  those are just hooligans . 
  this is just awful article from the west to make us seem evil etc. 
  instead of saying `` serbian hooligans '' they say `` serbian fans '' . 
  we ( sadly ) have some of the most `` hardcore '' football fans , they are just general scum . 
  you need to pay no attention to them . 
  oh , just wait another 20-30 years . 
  they will switch places . 
  another thing that is funny is that like half of those points are like that because of african americans even if they 're miniority . 
  things are n't as bad as described by some foreign media , but saying things are awesome and business as usual is a blatant lie . 
  stop lying to yourself ( if you 're swede ) and stop lying to others . 
  there are tons of stories that rebuke everything you say . 
  you just have to google and/or use youtube . 
   not exactly . 
  there is n't much evidence to genetics and pedophilia . 
  and pedophilia is n't really outside of humans . 
  humans are a very , very rare kind of animal that have concealed ovulation pedophilia is technically exist everywhere . 
  the moment female is able to have children , they do it . 
  human women can have children very early on , earlier than 12 in a lot of cases . 
  that would still be considered pedophilia because of law . 
  you see the difference ? 
  animals do n't have laws . 
  they just do it because of instincts . 
  their intellect is much lower , most of them have human baby intellect level . 
   this means that we do n't know when the female of the species is fertile . 
  most animals have blatant pheromone and visual triggers telling males when it 's time to mate . 
  humans recreate that with social signals . 
  yes because of laws . 
  human female is ready around 12 . 
  and again , it has nothing to do with other animals . 
  why even bring that up ? 
  it might be just human disorder . 
  partial homosexuality is widespread . 
  same thing at the end of the day , one widespread , other not because other is much more complex than that ( there are pedos [ i believe theres another term for that ] who are into babies , some are for kids of 5-7 , some are like pre teen , some are for teen )  a normal bull , for example , will never mount a heifer who is not in heat , but both female and male calves will mount each other as part of dominance games and play if adult bull did that he would penetrate the skull of heifer because animal growth and dick size is much different ( depending on the species )  if you 're going to disregard the various sources as ` lies ' or ` propaganda ' becuase they do n't agree with you then your mind wo n't be changed on anything . 
  this study is often cited for a post-op trans suicide rate increase but ( if this is what you 're referring to ) but it 's always taken out of context and flawed . 
  http://transadvocate.com/fact-check-study-shows-transition-makes-trans-people-suicidal_n_15483.htm but whatever , keep calling everything that does n't agree with you lies and ignore them . 
   transadvocate  fact-check yea lmaoooo 2 alarms , you know its fake when it starts with that no , i 'm going to ignore and say you tell lies because for example , you implied trans suicide rate is that high because of society . 
  simple and balant lie . 
  but yea you just ignored half of my comment about evolution because it did n't fit with your agenda and totally ignored ben shapiro part, 
   atypical sexual interests and paraphilias do not become classified as a mental disorder until they act on it , however it is also a mental disorder if they `` feel personal distress '' about it , or , specific to this thread , is `` involving unwilling persons or persons unable to give legal consent . '', 
  it clearly says even if they just have attraction to children its mental illness  what do you mean here ? 
  natural selection is the simple result of variation , differential reproduction , and heredity -- it is mindless and mechanistic . 
  it has no goals ; it 's not striving to produce `` progress '' or a balanced ecosystem . 
  natural selection just selects among whatever variations exist in the population . 
  the result is evolution . 
  they are ` supposed ' to be attracted to who they are attracted to because that is how humans and every other animal on earth as evolved to do . 
  if homosexuality was n't beneficial then there would n't be homosexuality . 
  there ar emany reasons why homosexuality evolved : https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn13674-evolution-myths-natural-selection-cannot-explain-homosexuality/ ok so if pedophilia was n't beneficial then there would n't be pedophilia . 
  see how little sense that makes ? 
  both are not beneficial . 
  they are just there . 
  who knows why . 
  both are same crap at the end of the day . 
   why is it so pleasurable then for a lot of people who do it ? 
  straight people and gay people . 
  why would the prostate incite pleasure ? 
  because for whatever the reason , evolution n stuff , prostate g spot is located right around * there * for men . 
  i do n't know how it works for women , same g spot thing i guess . 
  just like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=an74qv7ssjy its not designed by someone , so there are fuckups and pointless things everywhere , just like gays ' and pedos ' very existence . 
   damn , all the studies and research on transgenders are all wrong then . 
  must be the pc police !, 
  you 're trying to be ironic but yes , that 's exactly it again , the only comparable suicide rate that high is jews under nazi , the only thing left to blame it on is their mental illness which is exactly what is to blame logic beats ironic talk  you must have ignored all of the studies that i linked that says the opposite yes because clearly you 're decently full of crappy stories that are simply lies , just like your `` studies and research on transgenders '' you just mentioned above . 
  you lost all credibility when you implied that society is responsible for trans ' suicide rates . 
  every respectable person i know who talks about this says suicide rates are almost exactly the same and i do n't see anyone dispute it . 
  just watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-de_wochitk ) , a doctor is there , lots of `` pro trans '' personalities and even trans himself yet nobody dispute ben shapiro 's `` trans suicide is the same after transition '' im more inclined to believe someone of his education level and no bullshit rather than random `` studies '' you link me . 
   we do do that , in the uk pshe teaches about consent and relationships and there are many charities about abuse and rape that do this . 
  however , pedophiles are n't most people so they have therapy specialized for them we ? 
  pretty sure majority does n't . 
  and those are not therapies . 
  those are just classic sex ed classes from the way you word it . 
  turns out , pedophiles do n't need therapies . 
  they just need some material . 
  look at japan . 
  definitely most open about their sexuality and the most `` pedophiles '' out of everywhere ( because they are allowed to be so they come out ) yet no molesters and crime rate at lowest possible . 
   they are both not mental illnesses that 's not what dns says . 
  and what they say is correct is it not ? 
   homosexuality does n't negatively effect the person in a physical or psychological way ( it should n't because it is normal ) . 
  im pretty sure it does for some people , even if they want it . 
  like they think `` why am i different '' and have complex about it for example . 
  not normal either way . 
   attraction to underage children is not the same as attraction to the same sex . 
  to act like they are equal is disingenuous yes it is the same in broad sense . 
  maybe even lesser than homosexuals . 
  this is the case with pedos who like opposite gender .
