  in practice the americans had the total view over the project and architecture , and integration of the components . 
  the other partners developed parts and systems to be integrated by lockheed . 
  so yes , the work was shared in terms of money spent . 
  that 's mostly what the partner countries wanted , get some economic investment . 
  but in terms of knowledge and skill it is clearly an american aircraft . 
  when an air force has a technical in-service issue they call lockheed , not one of the partners . 
  [ correct ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/le_relais_du_miel_profiterolles.jpg/1280px-le_relais_du_miel_profiterolles.jpg ) stuffed in vanilla ice cream and covered with warm chocolate , with a side of chantilly , it 's delicious . 
  and light of course . 
  for the same reason the us does n't buy european military equipment , especially for combat ones . 
  it 's an area where countries want to rely as little as possible on others . 
  we do n't want to ask the us for authorisation when we decide of a military operation . 
  no in france we have desserts , not deserts . 
  yes , it 's 46c in c\u00f3rdoba for example today . 
  the only time i had to break a $ 500 bill the banks would n't take it . 
  but the supermarket did . 
  does n't change my point . 
  i did n't say you should n't care because it 's another country . 
  it 's a really stupid reason to hold a grudge against the people of france now , especially since all the recognition of mistake , apologies and reparations have been a long time ago already . 
  i mean , a lot of us were n't even born back then ffs . 
  do n't get surprised when people get angry if you keep putting on them mistakes that they have nothing to do with . 
  all big countries did some shit in their past , including australia . 
  and yet we do n't hold it against the current people . 
  if people here did n't use the occasion for spouting free insults at all the french people maybe they would n't get so riled up . 
  again a tie between finland and the swamp germans . 
  trump 's suit looks a bit ridiculous for that level ... he probably likes it too baggy for comfort , but that does n't look great . 
  i mean look at those pants . 
  lots of people have only third party insurance , no ? 
  well that 's exactly what happens there and that op complains about . 
  well that 's exactly what happens there and that op complains about . 
  do i have a right to make my apartment a self governing state also ? 
  why ca n't i govern myself ? 
  it 's not black and white . 
  at the same time i 'm basically in underwear at home in summer . 
  maybe a t-shirt if someone can see through the window , but definitely not covered in clothes . 
  i think what you find comfortable varies with the temperature outside . 
  for example in winter i would find 28c way too warm and uncomfortable . 
  because that 's too much of a gradient . 
  but when it 's 45c outside , 28c feel refreshing . 
  there are buildings that cool close to 20c but most people find them too cold , that 's too much difference with the outside . 
  even though the same people will find 20c perfect in winter . 
  because it 's 45 outside . 
  without air conditioning it 's unbearable . 
  but i find 28c the maximum limit of comfort inside , so i use that . 
   we have our thermostat set for 19.5 c ( northern england ) . 
  yes my heating is the same in winter , it 's only 28c for cold air . 
  yes , my ac is set at 28 in summer ... 
  i thought transferwise was estonian ? 
  i 'm a mad lad so i sometimes use the other word depending on the region i 'm in . 
  have n't been shot yet . 
  if the british call it this way it 's clearly the wrong way . 
  you guys have the delicious pao de deus , so that puts you a significant level above the churros above anyway . 
  it 's not exactly the same thing though . 
  very close but you guys ruin it by putting some glazing on top . 
  no pain no tartine, 
  https://www.slate.fr/sites/default/files/photos/capture%20d%e2%80%99e%cc%81cran%202012-10-16%20a%cc%80%2017.53.42.png edit : unfortunately the poll did not include `` couque au chocolat '' and `` petit pain '' , which are more local but existing . 
   traditionally it was mandatory to put the father 's surname before the mother 's but nowadays the fathers can choose the order . 
  no i do n't mean the order , i mean which of te 2 do you choose ? 
  like your father 's last name is gonz\u00e1lez-mart\u00ednez . 
  your mother 's name is morcillo-perez . 
  what 's your last name ? 
  really ? 
  you ca n't be spanish just with one last name ? 
  i 've done my nie and taxes there without issue , is that different for the dni ? 
  i just find it strange when it 's the same name . 
  you might as well just put once . 
  how does it work when you have children ? 
  they choose one name from the father and one from the mother ? 
  how do they choose ? 
  also what i find strange is that most people have also 2 first names , like the parents could n't agree . 
  in practice everybody just uses one of their first names and one of their last ones , because otherwise it 's too long . 
  it happens to me every day that i can not find a colleague in the directories because they usually use their 2nd last name . 
  also several times we found out with other people that we are talking about the same person actually , but referring to them by different names . 
  you 're laughing but i know a few guys in spain with 2 times the same last name . 
  you 'd think they 'd put it just once but no . 
  what else do you propose realistically ? 
  they are linked with the railway itself . 
  so typically they do n't evolve on the same path . 
  when a new rail is built , it can be be designed for a slightly higher speed . 
  in record speed yes , but in commercial speed it 's very comparable . 
  right , we could make a camp to concentrate them . 
  so which country is going to accept to give citizenship without looking , and take a load of a few thousand people from various places , all very poor to gather into a slum ? 
  even if you found some place shit enough to accept that against a few millions , you 'd get blocked by your human rights obligations . 
  because we do n't know where they come from , so the only way to deport them is to pick somewhere anyway . 
  first , we do n't want to build and maintain huge prisons for them . 
  plus many would actually find it not so bad . 
  and you 'd have to deal with the accusations of making a concentration camp . 
  second , you ca n't imprison them indefinitely by law . 
  they need to be convicted of something by trial , and imprisoned for the duration of the verdict . 
  and other people are always the same full of `` do something ! '', 
  but never propose anything realistic . 
   if they do n't remember their country , you ask the african countries to see whose citizen it is . 
  `` hello , i 'd like to confirm whether a guy is from your shithole . 
  his name is mohammed and he 's black , between 25 and 40 . 
  yes i 'll wait . '', 
  they do n't . 
  they come , arrest who 's still there , and remove the block . 
  they were sent back for the few that could . 
  the rest stayed in europe , sent to various cities that could handle them . 
  i do n't know what the definitive solution is . 
  but it 's not to put the region under martial law , arrest them all on sight and finance huge prisons .
