  technically it 's an irish tax bill , not a eu one . 
  the eu does n't leverage taxes . 
  at least on this side of the road . 
  it 's not that universal . 
  the foolproof solution is to try in the 3 directions . 
  flagellum sex is not forbidden in the uk , it 's clearly conventional . 
  why ? 
  more exactly it was because the rail company asked vichy to copy the german time imposed on the occupied territory , to avoid issues on train scheduling . 
  the barren waste begins much more south than that . 
  it 's just inhabited for some reason . 
  well , it does . 
  `` together with the people '' ? 
  where are the people here ? 
  it seems it would be worse to give the legislative power to one random judge that happened to be on a first case , rather than to a whole elected parliament . 
   the a380 is a failure . 
  they make 12 a year , and have n't received an order in years . 
  true , it 's just breaking even basically . 
  however it killed the 747-8 completely . 
  also it did wonders for airbus image and marketing . 
   boeing is winning this competition . 
  huh , not really . 
  the only segment where boeing is in good position is the larger 777 market . 
  airbus is winning on all other segments : single aisle ( a320neo is destroying the 737max , and a321neo is taking the entire 757 replacement market ) , small long-range , and very large aircraft . 
  it 's pretty even in the middle long-range market ( a330/a350 vs 787/small 777 ) . 
   between cutting edge high efficiency boeing , or retrofitted/updated airbus . 
  easy counterpoints : a350 , and 777x ... plus it 's stupid to diminish highly `` updated '' designs ; the 777x , a320neo and a330neo are big successes . 
   so the lawyers are being called in . 
  boeing called the lawyers , not airbus . 
  [ here is a good view of the mess with yesterday 's decision ] ( https://leehamnews.com/2016/11/28/airbus-boeing-claim-victory-todays-wto-ruling-washington-state-tax-breaks/ ), 
  the french `` carbo '' has basically nothing to do with the original cabonara , but both are good really . 
  is portugal mediterranean though ? 
   we do n't need even more nationalist bullshit he does if he wants to stand a chance in this primary and in the 1st round of the election . 
  he 's got to appeal to the people leaning on the far-right . 
  the estimates gave jupp\u00e9 first and sarkozy second , with fillon just behind . 
  it 's quite possible that lots of people went to vote for fillon just so sarkozy would be out . 
  chile `` all are welcome '' . 
  please . 
  come . 
  someone ? 
   hairdressers from annecy are n't working in switzerland . 
  you 're kidding . 
  the geneva region is staffed by french people at the low level . 
  waiters , cleaners , you name it . 
  and at the higher levels too actually . 
  he does n't want to be the one that removes it in case it goes wrong just after . 
  so he 's just waiting the election and let the next government handle it . 
  you need to write `` native '' and whatever additional information you have . 
  for instance i put the number of years i lived in an english-speaking country . 
  very nicely made . 
  worth the time to go through . 
  maybe a caravan would be more convenient then ? 
  i understand it as a girl that 's really into anime . 
  like a hobby or something . 
  a guy in my company got brought into an onsen in japan with customers . 
  yeah he did n't know the little square towel went on the head . 
  for france we have / r/vosfinances, 
  no , but it 's very obviously from a traditionally wealthy and noble family . 
  down to the first name , so you know the parents were still traditional . 
   henri marie jean andr\u00e9 de laborde de monpezat right , not any background i see . 
   italian shipyards are very efficient , they beat off asian ones for cruise ships etc it 's funny because the concerns about fincantieri in france are that they work with the chinese to give them technology transfer about cruise ships , and stx being considered among the experts in the field does n't want to give the chinese any help in closing the technological gap . 
  the french government did n't have the refusal right at the time . 
  [ here is an article in french ] ( https://www.meretmarine.com/fr/content/pourquoi-la-france-refuse-de-ceder-le-controle-de-saint-nazaire-fincantieri ) that goes a bit more into the reasons and french point of view . 
  some points taken quickly : - french government says they do n't want to take risks on jobs , skills , and strategic industrial area . 
  since it 's a strategic activity , they do n't want to give a majority to a foreign investor . 
  they say that if the italians wo n't accept the 50/50 proposal , they 'll use their refusal right . 
  - the previous agreement planned for 48 % for fincantieri , 6 % for fondazione cr , 33 % for the french state and the rest for naval group ( dcns ) . 
  the `` fondazione cr '' was supposed to make it so that fincantieri would n't control a majority , but the italians would still be able to buy it . 
  - since the italians now said they wo n't accept a new agreement and want a full majority , the `` fondazione cr '' thing is shown to be a trick . 
  - the previous agreement was made in 2008 because there was no refusal right for the french state . 
  since then they have acquired enough . 
  - the italians argue that they should be prefered to a korean firm because they 're european . 
  the current feedback from stx is that the korean firm was bad financially but `` very transparent '' , without technological theft . 
  - saint-nazaire is the only plant able to build large ships for the french navy , and is developing well on offshore renewable energy , which is seen as an important sector for france who has the second sea area in the world . 
  - fincantieri works with the chinese for their future ships . 
  they 'll build in shanghai the large ships that were previously made in italy for the american carnival corporation . 
  fincantieri defends that the technology transfer is under control , but the french doubt their ability to resist to chinese pressure , and are very wary of technology transfer to china . 
  - the entire ship industry is preparing for china to offer a huge competition , supported by their state . 
  they are very wary of any help to cover the technology gap they currently suffer . 
  this is also the position of the german meyer werft . 
  stx is considered along with meyer werft as among best expert for cruise ships . 
  - concerning jobs , the agreement secures them until 2026 . 
  but 5 years later , fincantieri would be able to decide directly the work share between its different sites . 
  as the company belongs for 72 % to the italian government , the french government is worried that they would prioritize work in italy . 
  - it is observed that among the company , its suppliers and customers , nobody supports the plan to go for fincantieri . 
  the ship-owners even went as far as proposing an alternative to the purchase agreement of 2008 . 
  - the french position is that their opposition has nothing to do with the nationality of the buyer . 
  they 've been under foreign ownership since 11 years , and would have accepted much more easily a merge with the german meyer werft . 
  tldr : the french government is worried about jobs as fincantieri is under italian goverment ownership and could prioritize their plants , and more importantly about technology transfer to china because fincantieri works with them already . 
  yes , mm of rain and number of days per year are not proportional . 
  no but some opponents or newspapers could have criticized it . 
  and yet macron played the european anthem as he got elected , right before his first speech , and nobody found it strange . 
  the eu is seen as part of the normal institutions now . 
  guinness is pretty common throughout europe . 
  sometimes they have murphy 's instead . 
  if you ca n't find one , look for an irish pub . 
  well that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  europe does n't want to rely on other countries for its defense . 
  or less at least . 
  not a specialist but i think it has to do with the aircraft being in a network including unmanned airplanes . 
  it 's going to be aimed more at 6th generation now .
