  honestly i find it ironic that it would be more discreet to actually just use a normal swimsuit . 
   it is not allowed to take pictures of people without their authorization not true , it 's just not allowed to distribute those photos . 
   to show the world that we can all come together in healthy competition when you 're actually at war with another nation , using actual violence , no you would n't even consider that . 
  if there was an international `` apolitical '' sport event organized , and isis was one of the competing nations , would you support going there ? 
  no , see there 's a limit . 
  when he says russia has bad relations , that does n't mean that people are n't friendly to a russian guy . 
  that means the country has bad relations . 
  people wo n't hold it against one guy the actions of its government . 
  now , if you loudly proclamed your support of putin in the annexation of eastern ukraine , i bet you 'd have gotten fewer friends . 
  the article he pointed to explains that it 's also the flag of the council of europe , which is different and much larger than the eu . 
  a young stem master , yes . 
  although my department actually pays this kind of money for drafters with 10ish years experience . 
  it 's only 2 years of practical studies , not some kind of top scientist . 
  i guess for a secretary you could get more hours , yes . 
  but in practice i imagine a mep would want maybe 1 secretary and 1 qualified law guy to help with the texts , so it would n't be too far off . 
  not really no . 
  that 's 70 $ / h. 
  that 's about what is usual to pay for the average engineering consultant for instance ( young master level , or experienced technician , someone earning like 3000 \u00b1 500 $ a month raw in france ) . 
  in germany it would be significantly higher actually . 
  i guess belgium is similar to france there , so it would get you 2 full time qualified office workers . 
  that 's not what the guy earns of course , that 's what he costs . 
  well , that 's about 2 employees full time , depending on their level . 
  proper flair . 
  it 's not . 
  the ecb actually used quantitative easing a while ago to prevent it for the euro . 
  what do you mean `` do n't belong in the country '' ? 
  they are french . 
  criminal french probably , but you ca n't just say they 're not nationals . 
  we ca n't even say they should n't be , because they 're probably born there . 
  they 're maybe bad people , but if they belong to any country it 's france . 
  you do n't get to choose which of your fellow citizens should n't have been born there . 
  and having a nationality is n't a badge of honor , or something you earn or deserve . 
  it 's a paper telling under which country you happened to grow up . 
  also , how did they choose to divide france into those zones ? 
  it 's like they made their own merging of administrative `` r\u00e9gions '' . 
  it does n't correspond to either our old or new administrative divisions . 
  which island should we fuck up for it ? 
  who pays for that ? 
  how do you handle migrants that probably lie about their origin country ? 
  how do you handle paperless migrants that are willing to be extradited back but are not accepted by the origin country because they ca n't prove their nationality ? 
  english courses are already compulsory for children in every european country . 
  the fluency level does n't have so much to do with politics , but rather with culture and the environment of the country . 
  yes , children growing up in small countries where all media is in english with subtitles will have a good level . 
  or people living at crossroads between large countries will speak several languages . 
  but when the average guy only takes school courses , stops any contact with the language at 18 , and never ever have any occasion or need of practising , he 'll be shit at it . 
  you ca n't make english fluency a requirement for elected officials . 
  if we 're doing small audience and niche papers , there 's canard pc maybe ... 
  damn foreigners stealing our jokes . 
  more like dublin syndrome . 
  london , canada ? 
  no , she invites them to germany . 
  they did n't get a german passport , just a right to stay in germany , kind of like a visa . 
  that does n't allow them to travel elsewhere in the eu . 
  it 's like when an indian is in the uk on a visa , he ca n't cross the channel to come to france . 
  he has to request a schengen visa first . 
  free movement is only for nationals , not people on a visa . 
  it could have been on purpose . 
  say you ca n't bring yourself to vote against the eu you support , but let the english vote the uk out so you can have your independence . 
  i think i just stepped in the wrong century . 
  yes , it must be because of charles de gaulle . 
  in another way you could say he foresaw the incompatibility of british culture with european integration and just wanted to avoid all the trouble . 
  but then that would outlaw most of the popular british press . 
  well i wanted to vote for `` bas-de-france '' for coherence , but it was n't proposed :-(, 
  the thing is that it bothers some people in the very south , who are not historically in `` occitania '' but in a part of catalonia . 
  also there is no language requirement to be elected , and there should n't be . 
  ... those are all british media . 
  the only ones reporting that are the british tabloids . 
  which makes sense , the low-class british are their target audience . 
   shit , marseille is really pretty , i did n't know its reputation got so bad that some people imagined it as an ugly city . 
  have you even driven around marseille ? 
  like , take the motorway from the north to the center for instance . 
  the old port is ok but most of the rest is a big wart on a naturally beautiful landscape . 
  sadly it 's not even the only one in the region , with all the oil industry around the \u00c9tang de berre , and the way martigues is defaced from being a cute proven\u00e7al village . 
  perhaps they 'd rather spend their money taking pictures of more significant events . 
  no , france has always been a net contributor ( including with the cap ) . 
  nice try migrants . 
  you really find polls both ways . 
  for instance , [ some ] ( http://www.franceinfo.fr/actu/politique/article/loi-travail-7-francais-sur-10-toujours-contre-776733 ) give 71 % against the law , [ some ] ( http://www.bfmtv.com/societe/48percent-des-francais-soutiennent-la-mobilisation-contre-la-loi-travail-975276.html ) say 48 % support the strikes . 
  in general all polls still find more people against than for the law though , that 's right . 
  but not all . 
  yes , and they do . 
  it does n't happen often though , so stations can take the opportunity once . 
   everyone is against this law no , not everyone . 
  at work i 've heard at least as many people in favour of it than against it . 
  the nice thing about gas shortages rumors is that they always come true . 
  because as soon as it happens people fill up additional tanks until the stations are empty . 
  at the same time , i do n't think i 've ever seen so many people coming to work by bicycle than today . 
  edit : to give some numbers , these last days the fuel consumption ( meaning sales ) are 5 times as high as normal . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/economie-francaise/article/2016/05/24/raffineries-en-greve-penurie-de-carburant-le-ton-se-durcit-entre-le-gouvernement-et-la-cgt_4925502_1656968.html ) . 
  i 'll have you know that it 's an heresy . 
  and then you read the program of the toughest party on immigration , and you do n't want to vote for them anymore . 
  no no , in france there is a carrier called `` free '' . 
  it 's not free though , but cheap . 
  i 'm currently using free 's free roaming , they implemented it in advance indeed . 
  it 's so convenient . 
  on travel you really have a use for the internet . 
  translation , maps , restaurant reviews , flight check-in ... 
  if you want stunning look at the maltese falcon for instance . 
  `` i 'm not against brussels sprouts . 
  i 'm for brussels sprouts at the condition that they are french fries '',
