   they invest everything in r&d or in infrastracture . 
  first that 's not true , and even if it were , would n't that exactly be a competitive benefit ? 
  actually it would be a much higher competitive benefit than what they did , which is stockpiling it . 
  of course they were n't , that was n't the point . 
  i would support doing that again . 
  if you lock them in , first it 's not a camp anymore but a prison . 
  therfore you need standards of care and protection , and trials . 
  then it would simply move them all over the place . 
  if you try to catch them and lock them somewhere , they 'll stop gathering conveniently at a given point . 
  they 'd probably would need to show that apple used the economic advantage to gain market share over them . 
  it looks difficult to argue when apple just stashed the cash in a pile instead of using it . 
  the eu commission did not make a ruling over ireland 's tax rates , but over competition law , which is their jurisdiction . 
  they just said that the irish state did not have the right to give a tax break to just one company , because that 's anti-competitive . 
  so the tax rate to be applied must be the normal irish one . 
   this illustrates the contradiction at the heart of the european commission 's decision . 
  while requiring ireland to recover the tax sums , the commission is also acknowledging that the sums may in fact be taxable in other jurisdictions . 
  i do n't really see the contradiction . 
  they say that the specific tax deal was illegal , ok . then they recognize that , while technically the profit is declared in ireland , it should more logically be taxed in various countries . 
  but they ca n't really do anything about it at this point , so they leave the door open to a more fair solution if the parties want to cooperate . 
  seems very reasonable . 
  yes , they made it close a long time ago ( it was called sangatte ) , and as far as i know they oppose this kind of solution since then . 
  they see it as the state supporting illegal immigrants . 
  sure , tough guy . 
  not only it 's hugely costly and impractical , it would also send those migrants all over the place instead of one area , and you 'd deal with the difficulty of locking them up without having to cancel for all the scandals that would come with it . 
  these guys have had their family pay years of salary to get them there , they have lived under bridges and travelled by foot all across the continent or more . 
  they are n't going to let you ship them back easily . 
  and they are not tough criminals , just people who have nothing to lose and want to sustain themselves and their family left at home , so you 're not going to be able to play tough or violent without raising serious criticism . 
  i give it a couple of weeks before you get the first wave of newspaper scandals about the hunger strike or suicide of a guy . 
  it 's not a refugee camp . 
  it 's a migrant camp . 
  still an issue . 
   with uk out , there will be changes regardless . 
  for one , it needs to introduce customs . 
  wait until the uk actually gets out before going to conclusions . 
  if they even get out , there 's a good chance they stay in the common market . 
  so no customs . 
  no of course , it 's one of the drawbacks of free movement . 
  closed borders would do roughly similar camps but smaller and at each and every northern border . 
  again , not so easy . 
  there is nowhere to deport them . 
  a first step would be to stop opposing the use of a state-managed camp , where basic humanitarian help could take place and violence be tackled . 
  i do n't think a swamp in the shittiest region can be called our `` living room '' . 
   so is your next regularly scheduled terror attack sure , without a jungle of migrants to britain , terrorists would be unable to organize anything in the country . 
  so if france has the responsability , we can handle it how we want , right ? 
  how about letting them in the field they willingly stay in , and just policing a bit around to ensure it does n't get too troublesome for the locals ? 
  if you fail , they leave and are n't your problem anymore . 
  sounds easy . 
  plus , you get to have one easy threat when discussing with the british . 
  honestly , i wish we could sort who 's a refugee or not , and deport the others . 
  but even if you manage to organize it , those refugees wo n't want to apply for asylum , and migrants wo n't allow you to find and prove where they 're from . 
  realistically you 'll have to detain most of them for an indefinite time , which would be expensive and quite inefficient , for very little benefit . 
  plus , in practice , do you really see yourself putting cufflinks on a homeless and misinformed guy just because he wants to settle elsewhere ? 
  that 's pretty hard . 
  i would n't feel good about that . 
  cool , now you have to go through the trouble of detaining them , pay for it obviously , and bear the human right scrutiny and violation accusations that go with it . 
  or , you can just let them stay by themselves at the same place , and have some police ensure it does n't get too problematic outside the field they stay in . 
  sounds cheaper . 
  it 's spelled with a `` c '' in some other languages . 
  easy mistake . 
  votes ? 
  if the uk leaves . 
   they 're not our problem however you look at it . 
  oh yes ? 
  let 's see how we can look at it ...  they 're undocumented migrants in your country , they 're people we do n't want there and that are trying to leave . 
  does n't sound like it should be a problem for us either , does it ? 
   the fines although theoretically payable by both sides would be a burden for the french side in 99 % of cases ( probably more ) . 
  what fines ? 
  the ones for the ferries companies ? 
  what does it have to do with a `` french side '' ? 
   you understand the current arrangement is designed to deal with the fact france does n't control who crosses most of their external borders , right ? 
  yes , so ? 
  that 's not the reason france accepts this arrangement . 
  it 's only to avoid affecting the ferry traffic , because that would be detrimental to us . 
  but if the effects of the agreement because too problematic compared to our benefits it 's understandable that there 's a will to rethink it . 
  what makes you think other countries unaffected by any of these matters would bother bringing unwilling paperless homeless people into their territory ? 
  to `` be reasonable '' ? 
  so what 's the miracle solution ? 
  say you have one guy , there . 
  he does n't have papers , do n't want to talk to you , wo n't tell you anything . 
  what do you do ? 
  because they hide their country of origin . 
  nope , because france wo n't accept them . 
  we have a border control from the uk too . 
   while not perfect in its current form a rebate or reduction in payments would have had to be done somehow , otherwise brexit would probably have happened in the late 80s already . 
  well , that 's the point . 
  the rebate was n't `` fair '' , nor needed to be . 
  a negotiation at that stage is n't supposed to be fair , but is reached as long as the result is mutually beneficial . 
  the british had some leverage and got a discount with it , that 's it . 
   the uk 's rebate is necessary beyond question because of how the eu spends much of its money ( see cap etc ) . 
  no , it 's because the british public does n't agree with how it 's spent , so exceptions had to be made for them to agree . 
  just because britain does n't participate in having food security in europe and protecting the continent 's rural environment , does n't mean that it 's `` fair '' . 
  and this one was stupid :  the uk is one of the biggest net contributors to the eu budget like france or germany . 
  should they get rebates too ? 
  point is , there 's no logic or fairness . 
  only leverage in negotiations . 
  even if the border control catches them in dover , they 'd be in the uk , for the british to deal with . 
  realistically , that would probably bring the ferries traffic to a halt until an agreement is found . 
  some migrants want to go to france . 
  some want to go to the uk . 
  usually it has to do with easiness of installation for them , with aspects like language , family or acquaintances .
