  those are tax havens ? 
  i do n't think we have a safe and willing shithole available for them . 
  but he wo n't be a migrant , he 'll be an expat . 
  that 's incorrect , it depends on the country 's rules . 
  for example , to get the `` made in switzerland '' label , a watch must have 60 % of its value in the country . 
  probably , for the lower end stuff . 
  i know some people working in the industry there for the higher end , and they certainly do n't source anything from other countries . 
  actually the higher end manufacturers sell a lot the fact that they do everything internally . 
  when i say parts , i mostly mean the whole movement . 
  they buy it from eta in switzerland , and stick it in a case with the dial . 
  they still make the look and exterior finishing though . 
  and i disagree that the parts are unimportant , because they represent the entire technical design . 
  assembly of the movement requires a skilled watchmaker ( or a bunch of skilled manufacturing engineers for basic industrially-assembled movements ) , but the design , `` mise-au-point '' , and part production represent an arguably more important part of the know-how . 
  edit : you can find good watchmakers in every developed country , that are able to disassemble and assemble a watch . 
  but they are unable to design and produce one , let alone have a stable production . 
  these guys do the maintenance . 
  mechanical movements are almost all produced in switzerland , germany , japan , and china ( for the low end ) . 
  british watchmaking ? 
  in history maybe but nowadays it 's not so impressive really . 
  there 's bremont and christopher ward who are doing alright , but they use mostly swiss parts . 
  swiss german is everything but soft . 
   these could be easily automatically be filtered by language , according to user settings . 
  also you could see the reviews in several languages . 
  currently when there are n't many i go search on several amazon stores to see reviews ( . com , . co.uk , . fr , . es , . de ... ) . 
  have you ever heard a swiss german speak ? 
   theresa may to go and make a speech about how `` our future lies with europe '' would n't have been the most ridiculous news this week . 
  i ca n't believe he and some members of his team went through all the steps to write and print this , include it in the preparation of the meeting , and not once someone thought `` maybe it is n't a good idea '' . 
  yes , only conventional porn , and fucking a dead pig 's head are acceptable . 
  some great insight there  the worst thing that can happen while climbing freely a structure is definitely falling off . 
  injuring , or dying , so you do n't wan na do that . 
  exactly . 
  it 's definitely posed , i ca n't imagine he was dressed like that all the time . 
  the ones for the netherlands could be inverted depending how you interpret them . 
  they have lots of people who took up smoking , and a high number of cyclists . 
  they have some very significant ideological differences , they wo n't be able to team up with those . 
  for example , m\u00e9lenchon wants to quit the eu if it does n't get reformed to be very socialist ( which wo n't happen ) . 
  hamon wants to stay . 
  m\u00e9lenchon wants to put an upper limit on salaries , and tax 100 % of revenue above a certain threshold . 
  he also want to tax all the french , including the ones working and living in other countries . 
  hamon is for having better redistribution , but without destroying so much how the market and economy works . 
  for me the best part of england was the pubs i think . 
  and that really takes a lot for a frenchman to say . 
  reminds me when i moved north for studying . 
  i grew up on the riviera . 
  i thought the weather was really no big deal for the place you live . 
  turns out it 's not that unimportant . 
  yes . 
  you wo n't find work there though . 
  also our head of state is n't the supreme governor of the church . 
  he could have asked more nicely though . 
  a little `` bonjour '' goes a long way . 
  one you create . 
  the military is n't adapted to provide a summer camp to young people . 
  not anymore . 
  wars are n't won by manpower nowadays . 
  honestly there are simpler ways to reduce the price of a driving license . 
  plus , passing the license was not automatic at all during military service , most people did n't . 
  even if that was the idea , why should it be related to the military ? 
  i completely agree . 
  i 'm against the idea . 
  i thought that was clear when i said that military service would be `` wasting a month waiting '' . 
  i 'd prefer to waste one month waiting at the army than 2 months waiting at an administration office . 
   guess conscientious objection will make its return as well . 
  probably but it would be longer otherwise everybody would do it . 
   i 'd appreciate if you corrected your above comment which implies postal voting is not allowed . 
  i 'd appreciate if you did n't project your personal interpretation on other comments , and if you wrote the precisions you judge necessary on your own . 
  yes , for legislative only . 
  [ it seems it 's for the parliament election ] ( http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/fr/services-aux-citoyens/droit-de-vote-et-elections-a-l-etranger/article/vote-par-correspondance ), 
  i 'm pretty sure mail is only for the parliament election , not the presidential . 
  and to vote by proxy you need to find someone that 's registered in the same location as you . 
  so that defeats the purpose , unless you know and trust a french person that lives in the same country but close to the consulate . 
  i 'm quite sure it 's only for parliamentary election , not presidential . 
  this is also a reason why some people never register abroad . 
  they keep being registered in their french city . 
  ah , i got the lr email before . 
  i promptly used their unsubscription link . 
  but they could allow voting by mail at least then . 
  edit : because / u/sidnioulz is anal about it , i 'm talking about presidential election , just like everybody else here . 
  nobody gives a shit about the parliament election right now . 
   do n't you have them too ? 
  nope . 
  we should . 
  actually if you 're registered in a country you ca n't vote anywhere but in the consulate of that country . 
  only of he is registered in the same office as you . 
  so he lives in the same place . 
  for citizens in foreign countries it makes voting much more difficult or even impossible for many people . 
  if you do n't live close to a consulate you ca n't vote . 
  i hear cornwall is ramping up their production of bendy bananas . 
  no , because of that anti-business eu red tape you ca n't produce flammable belgian flags . 
  so you ca n't compete with the chinese belgian flag producers for the huge mistaken anti-germany protest market . 
  soon you 'll see the uk growth taking advantage of all that flammable belgian flag market when they 'll be free from the unelected tyranny of brussels . 
  at this point , you can have it . 
  yes , i 'm surprised that the scale seems really tight , but the difference is huge in real life . 
  it shows a difference of only 15 pts between scandinavia ( where you can speak english to any random person ) and spain/france/italy ( where it 's possible to go by speaking english but the chances that a random person will speak english to you are slim ) . 
  no , when we 're being negative it 's called england . 
  yes , if you measure it by how she can make many people think she 's better than they thought before . 
  technically ( like many others ) she does n't directly answer questions , cut people off , speak about what she like instead of the topic , lie on statistics , attacks the person instead of the idea ... etc. 
  but it works not too bad in general . 
  more than once you get people watching a le pen debate or interview and go `` actually she 's right '' . 
  then you remind them of some part of her program that she made sure not to express clearly on tv and they go `` ah , right , nope '' .
