  probably a mix of better controlling the schengen border , stabilize origin countries and get agreements with them to send people back , and actually making sure the real refugees are managed . 
  those who could were sent back . 
  the others scattered over different cities with capacity to manage undocumented migrants . 
  they did . 
  a few months ago they finally did what all the internet tough guys wanted , destroy the camp , arrest them all and send them to various places . 
  as expected the problem came back . 
  there is no simple solution to this . 
  it 's not just up to france to solve . 
  it 's not . 
  flash news , illegal migrants do not respect the law . 
  well the government did exactly that a few months ago . 
  but as expected the migrants came back . 
  and they get free entrance to the eu market too . 
  market benefits go both ways , and additionally they get investment in their infrastructure . 
  it 's a much better deal than the `` rich '' countries , which have to pay for it . 
  and yet it 's still worth it for them . 
  right , they push you to leave by investing 13 billion euros per year into your country . 
  fun fact : it is reportedly the origin of a popular expression in france , `` mettre la pat\u00e9e '' , meaning to crush completely something or someone . 
  lots of people swim to exercise also . 
  it 's new for me and this is horrible . 
  the worst is the night temperature , it 's 30 \u00b0 c all night in the apartment . 
  there are courses in english in quite a lot of unis now . 
  germany , france , the netherlands , switzerland , sweden ... are all quite good . 
  yes , on a ranking that measures things the anglo-saxon university system is good at . 
  in practice , when you look at hiring around the continent , other countries do just as well if not better when it comes to how the private sector views the unis . 
   she 's clearly had a very sheltered life i thought she was very naughty . 
   kerfluffle maybe you did n't get the memo , but that 's been renamed a `` covfefe '' . 
  how about a `` squishy '' brexit then ? 
  i disagree a bit . 
  i studied in the uk for a year some years ago , and yes the reputation and courses are good . 
  the proof that you speak english too . 
  however there are other universities all over europe which are at least just as good , and have a similar reputation . 
  of course it depends on your field . 
  i 'm in engineering . 
  with the uk in the eu , the cost was high but still accessible . 
  since a few years , the price has increased significantly already . 
  but in the future , the price for eu citizens will probably not be worth it , or at least make it much less attractive compared to other eu countries . 
  when i was there , non-eu students had to pay 3 times the price of eu ones . 
  if they apply it to every non-british after brexit that 's not worth it unless you 're american or your company pays for it . 
  the education and reputations are n't going to get significantly worse . 
  but the price will definitely make it even less worth it than now . 
  most western and northern europe countries offer alternatives which are just as good . 
  i did n't pay nearly that a few years ago . 
  it was a few thousand pounds for a masters . 
  they 're going to send their navy ? 
  not to be confused with the sun , that they do not have . 
  just like most people would choose to stop paying taxes , if they could keep all the services . 
  it depends on the policy applied by the specific carrier . 
  but the european regulation allows them to charge roaming if you were physically abroad a majority of the time in the last 4 months , and you used the majority of your data/calls/texts from abroad in those 4 months . 
  [ the uk is turning towards eastern influence i see ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7vsuuoqgxa ), 
  you do n't pay for an army you do n't control . 
  it just takes one operator not applying or getting their exemption refused to move the market there . 
  if one operator offers free roaming , the others will have to follow . 
  well he did exit the first tram to get into the less-crowded second one , that 's definitely scandinavian behaviour . 
  no , to have bad accent you need to speak english at least . 
  i have some colleagues who can make you rethink what an extremely heavy accent can be . 
  and they speak english at work every day . 
  that 's the point , no ? 
  what i understand from that statement is that countries like luxembourg would lose tax money if they raised their effective tax rates . 
  and he 's saying that it would be cheaper for large countries to fund these little countries for that lost revenue , and have companies actually pay their taxes in those large countries . 
  of course it ca n't work because a country ca n't just ask for direct money by threatening to lower their effective corporate rate . 
  but it shows how inefficient the whole system is . 
  by the way , i specify * effective * tax rate because in many cases the problem is n't the official tax rate but the tax breaks that these countries distribute to foreign companies . 
  we said that in france about a year ago . 
  actually even hollande said it in private at the time . 
  it 's only second after silly walks . 
  just go to sainsbury 's you pleb . 
  yes , i would imagine that the fact there 's a waitrose there is a a consequence of the wealth of the area , not the cause . 
  if this is true , this is the explosion of the fn . 
  a wasteland ? 
  we 'll take that kind of wasteland any day . 
  are you sure you 're not mixing up with the north ? 
  yes i left at 16 ( only came back on the holidays ) but that 's uncommon . 
  it did me a lot of good though . 
  in france they try to educate to 5 fruits and vegetables per day , but i do n't think anybody tries to respect that . 
  unless you count the grapes in your wine , in which case it 's easy . 
  it 's not all about topography though . 
  some places just do n't have that culture . 
  my spanish colleague lived in germany for several years , and i found out he did n't have a bicycle . 
  his city was pretty bicycle friendly , but spanish people use cars , that 's it . 
  it did n't seem to occur to him that he could cycle for transportation . 
  you can see it in the city layouts actually . 
  madrid is made for cars in mind , clearly . 
  it 's pretty bad to cycle there actually , and rare . 
  i was pretty keen on city cycling before , but i sold my bike a bit after i moved there . 
  yes . 
  that 's in the program i think though . 
   that 's very low in germany why is that ? 
  looks like my autocorrect decided to suggest an invasion . 
  dassault syst\u00e8mes is pretty big on engineering solutions ( cad and plm ) . 
  at the same time , the other extreme is n't always that efficient either . 
  in silicon valley they are quick to give millions for the nth messaging app or food delivery service , but that does n't make a lot of economic interest . 
  in the end they encourage every motivated clever guy to spend their life developing yet another useless phone app instead of creating value that matters . 
  anyway , there are some european software for engineers which are at the top of their field , such as dassault syst\u00e8mes for cad ( catia , solidworks ... ) and plm . 
  ~ ~ you ~ ~ it would be a good solution to finally get rid of this problem . 
  that 's really pleasing . 
  finally the guy can actually hold a conversation in english , making proper sentences and articulating his thought fluently . 
  ok he has an accent , but it 's definitely acceptable . 
  incredible that these stupid journalists spent 3 minutes repeating that he 's walking alone , but not one remarked that the music was the ode to joy . 
  they already account for this though .
