  meh , i took the economy transatlantic and it 's fine . 
  after 6 or 7 hours it starts to get worse though , but for most trips it 's ok . 
  because when jupp\u00e9 comes with a criminal record , he is allowed to get in . 
  only anti-system politicians are n't allowed . 
  that 's what the lawyers say . 
   or a baguette for that matter i sure do . 
  it 's literally in the program of fn in france . 
  they call it `` national preference '' . 
  and they 're far from a majority . 
  yes , it 's a bit widespread in the icelandic tourism industry . 
  i do n't think anyone takes it literally though . 
  you 're telling me the tourist information panel at the dimmuborgir shop was a lie ? 
  wait . 
  windy , rainy , flat , wealthy , weird language , with bicycles . 
  how do you expect people to make the difference ? 
  so they do n't hire people who have n't done it yet ? 
  it really shows how sarkozy can not be corrupted . 
  he takes millions and still kills you . 
  what a great leader . 
  it would do well on / r/worldnews too . 
  after his first mandate i honestly never thought i could be voting for sarkozy , ever . 
  seems like i was wrong . 
  thanks for that info . 
  i 'm soon moving to a different eu country and thought i 'd just continue using my french contract there . 
  nope . 
  edit : although they say  europeans will be able to claim rates in a country where they have `` stable links , '' which includes cross-border work commuters , students , and expatriates in general . 
  so not sure . 
  i 'll check the exact text once it 's applied i guess . 
  does n't seem too amical around here really . 
  this is stupid . 
  that 's not a state name , that 's a french region . 
  it literally has no incidence on people 's life . 
  the region do n't have much power at all , nor representation . 
  you do n't even see their name often at all . 
  most people have no idea who their region president is , they can barely guess which party it is . 
  it 's just an administrative boundary for management convenience . 
  it has nothing to do with local culture or identity . 
  a lot of them probably do n't care about refugee status . 
  they want to make their life somewhere , probably working illegally . 
  so they choose the country where they think they have the best chance of making their life . 
  it mostly has to do with language , acquaintances that can help them , or just diaspora . 
  so some of them want to go to france , some to the uk ( these are the ones we see in calais ) , some to germany ... 
  why would n't some of the migrants want to go to the uk ? 
  i mean , the weather 's bad but the country is n't that shitty . 
  except that way of working happens only because france agrees to it . 
  the day france gets rid of it , the uk would have to handle the migrants on their own soil . 
  and the uk would n't have to be `` lax '' . 
  they could continue to be strict , but in dover . 
  and yet the uk relies on france to apply its own border control . 
  see the touquet agreement , that 's the reason why the migrants are in calais and not dover . 
  like what kind of power ? 
  they 'd do the human-rights-illegal beatings and deportations instead of the french military ? 
  for sure , that 's why it has n't happened yet . 
  but given the situation you get to wonder if the easiness brought by the ferry traffic is worth it . 
  the train works fine . 
  let the cars and trucks board elsewhere . 
  honestly they should just block ferry traffic completely until both governments find a suitable solution . 
  perhaps it would even be better for the calais region to give up the ferry industry , and the migrants with it . 
  they 'd go to other places that provide that ferry service . 
  well the uk already ca n't manage its own border by themselves , so it would be a bit difficult for them to try on other borders . 
   to try and say we bear a responsibility for france not turning off the tap the other end of their country is just denial . 
  they do n't say that . 
  they say that the uk bears a responsibility because the very fact that those migrants are causing problems in france is because the uk relies on france for their border control . 
  otherwise they would be causing problems in the uk , not in france . 
  also , it 's a heavy simplification to say that france does n't control the influx at its borders , otherwise there would n't be a camp in vintimiglia , italy for migrants who try to pass to france . 
  there 's already a ton of police and military presence around . 
   incompetent government you can use plural here . 
  sangatte was closed on british request . 
  you mean of the uk border to the uk . 
  france should solve it by getting rid of the touquet agreement . 
  because the uk relies on france to keep these migrants from going to the border . 
  they do n't even handle their own border control themselves , entirely rely on france for their protection , and then act as if it was a problem they are not concerned with . 
  nobody says it 's `` because of the uk '' . 
  but denying it has anything to do with them is stupid . 
  the problem with selling the standards instead of financing them with corporate taxes , is that the fee is flat . 
  so it advantages a lot the large companies . 
  what was supposed to happen with the guy skiing into a water hole ? 
  i mean , what did the guy do wrong ? 
  i do n't see how you can expect another outcome . 
  why would it ? 
  it 's nothing new , leaving the eu have always been their program . 
  ... as her party have said for decades . 
   but why do n't the commission fine ireland not apple . 
  because they 're not fining anyone . 
  apple is n't fined , they just have to pay the normal taxes they always owed . 
  exact , i found it again . 
   i once asked rupert murdoch why he was so opposed to the european union . 
  ` that 's easy , ' he replied . 
  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . ', 
  - anthony hilton, 
   as far as i 'm aware lobbying is more regulated/transparent for the uk government than the eu government . 
  you got that from the sun or daily mail ? 
  these is plenty of lobbying in national governments . 
  murdoch even said he pushed for a brexit via his newspapers for years because he can lobby in london but it 's more difficult for him in brussels . 
  the nhs has been doing that for a long time . 
  they decide who to heal based on their budget . 
  if someone needs an expensive treatment and carries some risk , they can decide that it 's not worth it . 
  there was a story of a guy who was denied a life saving treatment , and had to move home to a region with more room in the budget to be saved . 
  just google `` nhs denied treatment '' , it 's not rare . 
  that 's one of the reason why the nhs is n't so well seen from other european countries .
