  they are quite common actually . 
  [ here is the list for france ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_des_ponts-canaux_de_france ) , that 's 60 of them . 
  is n't it the case for most services already ? 
  for example spotify applies the french rules to me because i pay with a french bank , even though i do n't live there anymore . 
  arroz con curry no es paella ? 
  that 's what 's being done for all those projects , but it adds cost and delay . 
  it can be efficient to have centers in different places ( like airbus does ) , but having the split decided by politics instead of company considerations brings inefficiencies . 
  hence the move from airbus away from state holding stocks . 
  i would have expected bayrou to support macron . 
  i want de lesquen on there . 
  and the cosmic christ . 
  yes , the summary would get much more amusing if it mentioned the few little candidates with no chance too . 
  like de lesquen . 
  and it 's not even the worst thing about her . 
  they should have a brand of tp use that slogan . 
  [ here in french ] ( http://www.atlantico.fr/decryptage/jean-manuel-rozan-qwant-concurrencer-google-est-pas-tout-objectif-atlantico-business-1057017.html ) . 
  it 's from april 2014 though . 
  they say they want to sell to businesses mostly . 
  they give examples like their section to search products and travels to buy , sell market analysis from public internet posts to brands , sell custom search solutions to companies . 
   tying free trade to freedom of movement is an ideological preference of the european political elite . 
  it is not something written in stone that can never be changed . 
  that 's not true . 
  services are performed by people . 
  you can not have a free market of services without letting people move . 
  same for industry , you need your employees and experts to move around where they are needed in your production chain . 
  also , even if you reduce free market to circulating goods ( which does n't make sense for britain as their economy primarily sells services ) , it implies having the same regulations for every industry , so that a product from a country is inherently authorized in the whole zone , without further check . 
  so it requires all the countries to apply the regulations decided in brussels , and therefore lose their national sovereignty on deciding these rules ( which the british refuse ) . 
  i hope they do n't withdraw from easa also . 
  that would be a costly clusterfuck . 
  this is gold . 
  he 's denying it now . 
  it 's going to take a little while to prove either way probably . 
  it 's not illegal to employ your wife . 
  it would be illegal if she did n't actually work . 
  so they have to prove whether she had an actual job or not . 
  i buy bread with them . 
  that 's not my experience , and i never worked in paris . 
  i guess it depends on the sector . 
   not saying this should matter for a president of the french republic i think it does matter . 
  big advantage to be fluent in some foreign languages , especially english . 
  ok , there will always be translators and the staff will be fluent , but still . 
  in the private sector , it 's usually unthinkable to hire a high level guy who is n't fluent in english , let alone send him to meet a foreign person ( and other languages are strong advantages ) . 
  in international companies , all staff except low-level must speak decent english . 
  for elected official it would n't be fair to make it a requirement , but there are good reasons to think it 's definitely an advantage . 
  the more languages the better . 
  also it shows an interest and some knowledge into foreign cultures , better understanding of cultural differences ... in the uk nick clegg has this for him for instance . 
   he is obviously a native french speaker and he does have an accent that does n't really matter though . 
  it 's nice to have a neutral international accent , but you can never blame foreign speakers to have a hint of accent . 
  if you learnt after childhood it 's almost impossible to get rid of . 
  as long as it 's not ridiculous it 's fine . 
  and for instance native english speakers can almost never lessen their local accent either ( and do n't usually try to ) . 
  nuclear power does n't really contribute to climate change . 
  the choice between nuclear and renewable is n't related to climate change . 
  american media are goddamn incorrigible . 
  yes , because they get more oxygen with the increase in pressure . 
  even shorter '' ... if their country has no embassy there '', 
  the french ones are straight out our `` d\u00e9partements '' . 
  they were designed in 1789 , with the criteria that each should have its `` chief '' city reachable in less than 1 day by horse . 
  there are vast differences between them in all the aspects you mentioned . 
  so basically she 'll want to help funding only projects where more money is invested in the uk than what they pay out . 
  if everybody did it this way , there would n't be esa projects . 
  also , a random mep vs the foreign affairs minister ... 
  questionable use of quotation marks . 
  in madrid no snow either . 
   tell that to les r\u00e9publicains . . that 's the point . 
  they changed name because they had a terrible image every time and wanted to start fresh a new branding . 
   for example the nationalist party in malta does n't run as the european people 's party in eu elections they 'd have an issue of branding for that election . 
  people vote for parties , and they recognize the brand . 
  changing name and logo is n't easy . 
   i doubt the flying public knew or cared where the planes came from . 
  well no , image of the manufacturer to the public is important to sell planes to airlines . 
  airlines do n't want to use planes that people deem suspicious , or even uncomfortable . 
  in particular many frequent flyers have preferences for airplane models ( regarding comfort , noise , pressure ... ) , and choose their flights accordingly . 
  there is a reason airbus took a decade to sell a single aircraft in the us , and it was seen as a miracle when they managed to sell to eastern airlines . 
   so why not try to negotiate `` frictionless access '' as she said because the uk does n't want `` frictionless access '' . 
  frictionless access means having the same regulations ( therefore using those decided in brussels ) , and allowing people to work in either countries seemlessly ( freedom of movement ) . 
  it 's not among pilots at all . 
  it was a slogan popularized in the us population by boeing pr during the decades where they tried to stop foreign competition with nationalism . 
  honestly it makes almost no doubt to me that both side 's expats are going to stay . 
  they might have to get some paperwork , but no way you kick people out overnight . 
  that would n't really mean much . 
  in a negotiation , nothing is agreed until everything is agreed . 
  you ca n't agree on that yet ( even if both parties want to have it ) because you do n't know how the rest of the negotiation will go . 
  better not make promises you ca n't be absolutely sure to have . 
  for the eu there is no reason to rush that point , better have it included into the future agreement . 
   trust me . 
  thrust me, 
   the eu demands freedom of movement of workers as price for the single market . 
  it 's more like the eu considers freedom of movement one of the essential parts of the single market . 
  not a separate thing that they artificially attach as a condition . 
  i do n't find it surprising that 95 % of them do n't give a shit about cameras in slaughterhouses . 
  nowadays you do n't really get that wrong . 
  given the price they might even have active acoustics so they could tune it as they want . 
  brexit is really getting bad . 
  even stonehenge is being moved to the continent . 
   we 've been right about the euro and schengen that 's just like , your opinion man . 
  it 's not just tariffs . 
  at least as important is the regulations on all the products . 
  when they 're in the single market , it means that the regulations they apply nationally allow them to export freely in the single market . 
  if they are not part of it , it means that every company that wishes to export a product to the eu has to demonstrate its compliance to the eu regulations .
