  that 's a significant barrier . 
  apparently corsica fell on the keyboard . 
  yes , but he probably would n't have won . 
  [ youtube link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dob6udc-67w ) ( because their player did n't work for me ), 
  not only . 
  for instance you could have half the population voting left but divided between macron , ps , and m\u00e9lenchon . 
  then you get a second turn with fn vs ump even though half the people would rather vote for anyone on the left instead . 
  that 's the point of the primaries in a way , but that also blocks chances for smaller parties to grow . 
  and now we get people bypassing the primaries , with risk of dividing their camp into not passing first round ( even though it should ) . 
  so maybe putin takes the train ? 
  yes , it 's likely that it will get done . 
  but you ca n't really be certain until it happens . 
  correct . 
  at least that was the published version . 
  it 's also possible that it went smoother but they announced it more brutal to show a clear move from the old controversial ideas and bad image . 
  it made more sense for their marketing , regardless of how it actually went in private . 
  you could leave for a little while , get some experience and better salary , then use it to negotiate when coming back . 
  i 've moved to spain for work , and kept my french yearly salary . 
  i would n't have accepted the move otherwise . 
  but in spain , those are not bonuses . 
  they are already included into your negotiated yearly salary . 
  so it effectively decreases the monthly payments to give you 2 additional ones in the year . 
  yes i 've only seen it in spain . 
  they divide your yearly salary into 14 and give you one in the summer and one in december for some reason . 
  it does n't change the total , but makes income more irregular . 
  i guess it makes it easier to save for people who do n't manage their budget well . 
  the us has its own league for this . 
  just the uk tries to join in . 
  i think there are still some realistic scenarios that could end up in not leaving . 
  you could get the government just delaying it endlessly because they 're not ready for it , and they never will . 
  it would kind of fall out of fashion until some future government just says `` forget it '' in the longer term . 
  kind of like turkey 's accession to the eu . 
  you could have the queen/king unilaterally declaring it 's stupid and stopping the whole thing . 
  the british are so fond of their monarchy they 'll probably accept it . 
  you could have the parliament just choosing to ignore it . 
  it would be a little shitstorm for a year and that 's it . 
  it would just take enough politicians without electoral ambitions in the near future and who can afford to tell `` fuck off '' to everyone . 
  you could have trump start a new war somewhere , making everyone so busy it 's kind of accepted we 'll talk about brexit later , and then in 10 years nobody really has any will left for it . 
  you could have large terrible events in the uk ( terrorist attacks for instance ) that would put political chaos and make brexit delayed until only a minority cares about it anymore . 
  etc ... 
  it does n't . 
  here it 's money . 
  sex of course, 
  by her logic , the whole region around geneva would become swiss also ... a local referendum would be a landslide . 
  it 's just a natural aversion for the english . 
  that 's deep in human nature . 
  it 's maybe closer than you think . 
  unfortunately nobody has done both to be able to compare . 
  at least no immigrant child steals our $ 0.10 chocolatine from our kids . 
  edit : before i get reported for racism ( again ) , it 's a reference, 
  that one is just choosing if you put the violence on the field or in the street . 
  you 'll note that rugby correlates pretty well with the use of `` chocolatine '' actually . 
  except toulon , but it does n't count it 's too ugly . 
  bad fat best fat . 
   in a very platonic way , but still . 
  talk for yourself . 
  a napolitana is n't exactly the same thing , but close . 
  and a bit worse too . 
  or maybe it 's because most panaderias are n't so good . 
  yes a ca\u00f1a is a small beer obviously . 
  how can it be the same thing when a pain au chocolat does n't exist ? 
  i need some biafine . 
  let 's just say that one was temporary . 
  but they 'll never get the chocolatine . 
  never . 
  well since last summer in france the police puts concrete blocks around all event with pedestrians . 
  [ however there 's only 1 way to divide france ] ( http://imgur.com/ty34rbj ), 
   420 in his name . 
  i am fairly sure that means he is high a lot . 
  maybe he 's just into sailing ? 
  no , but it 's pretty small . 
  only citizens stay there for their entire time . 
  foreigners caught in monaco only stay if it 's less than 6 months i think . 
  edit : apparently they have room for about 80 people . 
  an article a while ago reported 30 people at that time for instance . 
  not all overseas territories , only the ones classed as `` d\u00e9partement '' . 
  the others are more independent . 
  but guiana is fully part of france indeed . 
  and just on the right of the picture ( in the trees ) , the prison of monaco . 
  the irish government is the one that says the amount . 
  they decide on their corporate tax rate . 
  the eu just says they must apply it then . 
  many airlines check passports when you board . 
  this is different . 
  this is the police setting a control between security and the gates , and between deboarding and the luggage . 
  and it 's pretty long , they do n't only check your name . 
  they scan and upload each passport , check the picture , and wait for validation from a database . 
  in many airports that adds a good 15 to 30 minutes wait each way . 
  the airline also checks additionally . 
   does it affect your everyday life ? 
  yes . 
  they now control passports both ways at airports , even for flights within schengen . 
  so there 's always a useless huge queue , it 's inconvenient . 
  i fly between schengen countries fairly often . 
  it 's also useless because there 's no control at the land border . 
  she would n't want to end it though , unless it 's to replace it by something similar . 
  the fn has a very controlling and internal military policy . 
  they want more police and military control and legal protection . 
  one of the most visible effects of this `` emergency state '' are the military patrols in big cities , and the systematic passport control at airports . 
  the fn policy would be more to expand the former , and extend the latter to physical borders also .
