  there are passport checks to board the ferries . 
  it 's just much more difficult to prevent illegals from going around them . 
  you can insult people all you want , but this kind of thing is all fair game in external politics . 
  when the uk managed to negotiate rebates on eu participation while still getting the advantages , it was n't so controversial for you was it ? 
  you sure seem more upset about it than the french though . 
  maybe the british do n't like that situation because it gives france a nice power position when it comes to discuss agreements . 
  from france 's perspective , it 's simple as well . 
  some illegal people want to leave . 
  they happen to be on transit in the country , but really do n't have much to do with it . 
  france blocks them in a shitty countryside for a while , which is easy since they do n't have to lock them up for them to stay there . 
  and if it starts to be too bothersome , france can ask the uk for concessions to keep the controls in place . 
  is n't that the entire point since years ? 
  except nobody figured out how to apply it yet , since most of the migrants conceal their origin . 
   so you should n't have signed up to it , simple why not ? 
  it 's been pretty good actually . 
  we get to enjoy free border while the british have to worry about a `` jungle '' at their door , giving us a huge threat in negotiations in exchange for a swamp in our shittiest region . 
   we 'd just intercept them , and deport them home , where they belong nope , you 'd end up like the rest of europe , having them in camps . 
  you 'd need to catch them at sea and bring them ashore , then would n't know what their origin country is , and having to handle them until they escape . 
  already the case . 
  nobody has a problem with euro tunnel , no illegal migrant tries it on the train . 
  the issue is on the ferries . 
   why is that our problem ? 
  this is exactly the stupid mindset that perpetuates the issue . 
  as the british can say `` not our problem they are in france '' , the french can say `` not our problem they 're on their way to the uk '' . 
  the problem wo n't affect the eurostar . 
  the train is easy to control , so there 's no migrant issue . 
  there 's no jungle at the station in paris . 
  the threat is on the ferries . 
  sure , we 'll ask the uk to set up a prison to lock them up . 
  because obviously no country wants to volunteer to pay for it and go through that trouble . 
  plus the human rights violations that come with it . 
  much simpler and cheaper to let them in a swamp really . 
  but apart from saying `` it needs to be dealt with '' , nobody has an actual solution . 
  and which side of the channel relies more on those ferries working ? 
  i guess a brake on that trade is n't attractive for either side , which means it 's a good threat to wave once one side does n't want to consider the migrants problem at all . 
  not eurostar , the problem is more in calais with the ferries . 
  the train is too easy to control for the migrants to try . 
  yes , the agreement that let the british border control take place in france is `` good will '' . 
  or rather a concession negotiated as part of our deals between countries . 
  such agreement can be stopped by either parties , and it would n't be `` going rogue '' , just stopping cooperation on one former agreement that we feel is n't fair anymore . 
  the point is to provide an asylum solution to actual refugees that want it . 
  those migrants do not want it . 
  they sit outside this agreement . 
  no international norm forces to have such thorough border control on the french side . 
  there 's only the touquet agreement which can be canceled if one side wants it . 
  the british consider it a french problem , and the french a british one . 
  cool that you volunteer , let 's build a prison in the uk to lock them up . 
  and you 're going to ask the home country for a visa for them , based on how they speak ? 
  the point is that they ca n't deport them because they do n't know ( or ca n't prove ) where they 're from . 
  that 's been the problem for years . 
  regardless if you consider them migrants or refugees , it does n't change the problem . 
  everybody agrees that they really not legally there . 
  that 's not the question . 
  no need to do anything really , just stopping the touquet agreement would shift the problem to the uk side . 
  but honestly it 's just more clever to keep it and have that threat handy when economic negotiations come . 
   if by `` progress '' you mean `` not paying additionnal hours '' and `` trying to reduce minimal wage '' . 
  i put that into the economic side actually . 
  by `` social '' side i meant things like gay marriage , or respect of separation of justice . 
  and i know many people do n't like him because of that reform over labour laws , but personally i do n't see it too badly . 
  a brush up is definitely necessary there . 
  and unfortunately we ca n't have taubira as president , so among the potential candidates this one does n't seem too bad . 
  actually , macron is probably pretty liberal on the economics ( probably more so than many on the right side ) , but looks a bit more progressive on the social side ( more like the left wing ) . 
  i think i like him . 
  that is , until he does too much shit like all the others . 
  but for now he could do ok , especially compared to the alternatives . 
  sarkozy could win after being convinced of fraud multiple times . 
  macron would n't be stopped by a small sentence . 
  it 's difficult to answer , because all the members of the party can vote . 
  that 's every individual that sent a bit of money to get a party card . 
  so some care , some do n't . 
  as the brexit campaign as shown ( if it was n't clear before ) ; facts and truth do n't make the results , only impression does . 
  then you need agreement from libya . 
  nobody would accept to pay for detaining them . 
  no country considers them their problem . 
  where would you deport them ? 
  it 's not too easy to remove , but the main problem is that nobody has a solution about what to do with them then . 
  we ca n't just kill them you know . 
  `` hardly try '' as in `` prevent them to cross '' . 
  otherwise the camp would n't be in calais but in dover . 
  brush up on your spanish before though . 
  people speak very little english there . 
  except they 're not moving anything over there . 
  just their mailbox . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/end-to-end_encryption https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diffie%e2%80%93hellman_key_exchange, 
  no actually it does n't work like that , unless they did n't implement the encryption like they say they did . 
  [ have a look i guess ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/end-to-end_encryption ) . 
  it 's possible to implement an encryption where only both receiving ends have the key , not the server . 
  it uses [ a method of key exchange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diffie%e2%80%93hellman_key_exchange ) where the clients can agree on a common key without the server getting it . 
  it 's still possible to have a mitm attack by the server , but you can verify by crosschecking with your contact that you share the same secret key . 
  in whatsapp you can see it in each contact preferences , so you can compare in person . 
  at least in france , it 's already banned de-facto in swimming pools because of hygiene reasons . 
  they ban anything more than speedos/boxers/jammers . 
  shorts for instance . 
  or swiss german . 
  only the diffusion is limited , not actually taking the picture . 
  basically , if the picture frames an isolated person , you can distribute it without a written agreement . 
  it 's maybe a bit disrespectful , but legal . 
  if someone is going to come with a burkini , they can expect some curiosity . 
  you would n't go swim in a banana suit and get mad that people take pictures . 
  it 's legal to wear a veil while swimming , but it 's also legal to make fun of people who do .
