  for instance , in the last election she was clearly against abortion . 
  that would be very controversial in france , and basically would lose anyone a lot of support . 
  it was never mentioned clearly on tv , so many people ignored her position . 
  this time , some newspapers started teasing on this and the fn dropped it from their program . 
  add 25 % still voting for le pen after the same kind of affair . 
  that 's 45 % ignoring it . 
  true , i was pleasantly surprised when arriving in spain about that . 
  gay venues are not hidden away , even sex-related places . 
  there are even ads for them in the metro . 
  in france they have no big issue but tend to be more discreet ( no glass front , dim light in the street ... ) . 
  then what does ethnicity have to do with nationality ? 
   it will be interesting to see whether or not psa commits to the vauxhall brand in the long term . 
  it would be surprising if they did n't . 
  it 's only a matter of using a different logo and you get brand recognition . 
  how stupid is that . 
  what does religion has to do with nationality ? 
  simple . 
  if fillon hangs on , macron has good chances . 
  courage fillon !, 
  i 'm from the region and have never seen that ... 
  legally yes . 
  the final dates are not passed to nominate candidates . 
  the new guy will need 500 elected officials ( mainly mayors ) to support him nominally , but if the party endorses him that should n't be a problem . 
  however , it 's more an issue with the internal rules of the party . 
  first , they have no planned way to remove him if he does n't step down . 
  and second , their internal way to organize the party made that the borrowed money for the campaign is controlled by a legal entity which is lead by fillon , so he legally controls the money . 
  yes , i 'm surprised the oil stations make so much light . 
  that 's much bigger than i thought . 
  getting away from western relations and getting into an economic and military agreement with russia is literally in her program . 
  in french we say `` tout est bon dans le cochon '' . 
  `` all is good in a pig '', 
  the uk is very important for airbus . 
  for instance they design and produce all the wings for the airliners . 
  do n't try to eat ask that for dessert in france however . 
  people are full of themselves , base their life on showing their money , and ca n't understand how you could give any consideration to live in another place . 
  politically it 's very conservative too . 
  given the industry i work in , i doubt it . 
  it 's really expensive too , and i find the local mood a bit toxic . 
  it 's too crowded too . 
  i grew up on the riviera , and most of my friends from that time have left also , some time between university and work . 
  but beautiful region still , i love going back once or twice a year to visit . 
  why is that the second time that france ends up in the shitty american states ? 
  also she will be the only candidate to have stated this clearly i think . 
  she 's trying to take the cathos from `` manif pour tous '' away from fillon . 
  well if you kill yourself , it would have followed you for the rest of your life . 
  what 's wrong with that anyway ? 
  there 's no shame in having a sickness . 
  if you go that route , and later see your life where many people know about the decease you had , and decide it 's worse than having the decease , well it will be time for you to wonder about suicide then . 
  not now . 
  what do you have to lose ? 
  try it , if it does n't work out well , same outcome , and maybe it wo n't be so bad and you 'll be glad you tried . 
  anyway i can only encourage you to speak to some services specialized for suicidal people , even if i see you do n't want to . 
  if it ever comes to taking this idea seriously , what do you have to lose talking to them ? 
  you can talk to them and suicide yourself tomorrow . 
  does n't matter if it 's today or tomorrow , does it ? 
  or the day after . 
  or after . 
  please consider that we are all very subjective minds , and our thoughts and ideas are heavily affected by our condition right now . 
  how we 're feeling , the issues we have , and especially when we have physical conditions ( deceases , or drugs for example ) . 
  so something that appears evident to you now can seem ridiculous to you later . 
  therefore , consider you ( and everyone ) should always take precautions in believing fully in something that seems like a fact now , especially if you 're in a physical condition that would objectively affect how you think . 
  so just as you 'd avoid taking irreversible decisions when you 're drunk , because you know you 're drunk , well avoid taking them when you know there 's a risk you might be in a condition that shapes your thoughts in a biased way . 
  so to finish i would write to the media instead of considering suicide now . 
  the outcome ca n't be worse , because you 'll always have the option of killing yourself . 
  you might as well try other things before . 
  this is one of the reasons i like the european authorities being above our national government . 
  in some cases like that , they prevent our leaders from doing completely shitty things . 
  kind of a safeguard . 
  have you wrote a nice letter describing this to the media in your country ? 
  i would start with that . 
  propose to meet them to detail , if they want to write about it . 
  start with some big newspapers , and extend to tv and the shitty scandals tabloids if that does n't catch on . 
  if nothing happens , i would write to the european authorities . 
  7th of may in the night ( the results i mean ), 
  i would have included euronews too . 
  i see , thanks !, 
  so in the former , the judge is n't allowed to ask questions ? 
  yes i do n't like choucroute either . 
  but there 's a lot more in alsace . 
  the food is really amazing there . 
  it has to be french . 
  right . 
  both belgian and swiss chocolate is available widely . 
  `` you 're from ukraine ? 
  the poor part or the russian one ? '', 
  milk does n't go in at all, 
  right , but in general i found safer to go for the 6-7 $ range rather than the 3-4 $ . 
  i think you can find some excellent local chocolate in any developed country . 
  but it 's not representative of what people usually eat . 
  well i took a job in spain and it was n't bad at all . 
  same pay , less taxes , less expenses . 
  fewer holidays though . 
  if you live in a big city you can get by with english . 
  my company has people moving around europe quite a lot , and there are many foreigners who stay there a while without speaking french . 
  most of them use the opportunity to try and learn it a bit , but not all of them ( in particular the british ) . 
  airbus is more inland . 
  for a swiss that seems particularly natural . 
  the one in briare is a bit known . 
  in agen too . 
  i 'm on mobile so no picture .
