he probably needed to load mapping data . 
  you can also use the `` prebake '' filter for adblock/ublock . 
  and that 's for the eu only , because of the regulation ( mine does 0.84 $ / mb ) . 
  in switzerland they bill 5.13 $ / mb . 
  and 13.31 $ / mb in the rest of the world . 
  better turn it off . 
   so france does n't have any ` do n't knows ' ? 
  `` not applicable '' is n't the same as 0 . 
  it means they did n't give that option for some reason . 
  why isnt there an option `` do n't know '' for france ? 
  it looks like they did n't really ask the same question . 
  do you really criticize the level in french of the journalist ? 
  i found it impressive that she even spoke it . 
  i mean , take a random journalist in france and see if he speaks romanian ... 
  discrimination based on gender is just as illegal as discrimination based on age or race . 
  but it would n't be forbidden ? 
  no scandal , no legal issues ? 
  that 's more new year 's eve . 
   the pound is a stronger currency so we have a more comfortable exchange rate ( admittly this goes both ways , but most people here view it as a net positive ) . 
  that is meaningless to compare directly . 
  you need to compare purchasing power , not 1 euro vs 1 pound . 
  otherwise you 're 11 times richer than a swede i guess . 
   we 've only got to look at british economic growth rates in comparison to other big eurozone countries ( france , germany ) to see we have recently been in a better economic position better growth , yes , but only slightly . 
  and i 'd argue it has little to do with the currency . 
   brits prefer having elected british politicians in control of the big issues rather than say , dutch or belgian ones . 
  right , the question in the first place was why . 
  or rather , why more than other european countries . 
  so you think the uk is more similar economically to greece , rather than france or germany ? 
  not being in schengen has only slowed down a little bit your immigrant problem , and you just do n't appreciate the benefits it would have brought . 
  same for the euro , you say it 's crap as if it 's evident but apparently it 's that evident for british people only . 
  in euro countries people do n't dislike it nearly as much as you do . 
  it brought lots of benefits in practice and most people would choose it again . 
  well many people here do n't see the euro as the problem especially compared to its benefits in practice . 
  schengen is generally seen as one of the best success of the eu and is widely appreciated . 
  there is n't many objective reasons to believe the uk would have been significantly worse off in the euro and schengen . 
  it 's just that the british like to pat each other on the back convincing themselves they are so right , but in reality it would n't have changed much and would have brought benefits that you do n't know you 're missing . 
   the major descisions britain has made to seperate itself from the eu , namely keeping the pound and opting out of schengen , have proven to be very beneficial to the uk . 
  according to the british . 
  / r/france has done that for a while and it is quite cool indeed . 
  they appeal to people who do n't understand it ( at least most of them ) . 
  somehow they actually manage to pass as `` the party that defend to lower class french people '' , and propose heavy devaluation . 
  generally they explain that this way the debt would be reduced a lot . 
  and that it would promote the local industries . 
  obviously they skip the part where it reduces your savings by that much , while raising the prices of most products . 
  she declared she planned to leave the eurozone directly , and devalue the new franc immediately . 
  she also plans to start moves that would trigger a trade war with developing countries.that would trigger a considerable economic crisis in europe , and even worst in france . 
  sarkozy has nothing to do in this election , but i 'd still vote for him if the only alternative is the fn . 
  i prefer a slightly corrupt and assholish status-quo than the fn program . 
  it also proves that the population vote can be entirely irrational and illogical by any metric . 
  after the brexit and trump vote , it seems really possible that we get le pen next year . 
  it must depend on the city . 
  coming from france to madrid i am very pleasantly surprised that many shops are open on sundays . 
  you can shop whatever you want , not just supermarkets . 
  even small shops are open . 
  thanks . 
  a third-party service is n't an option for my company , due to our data . 
  keep in mind that in many european countries , $ 100k is a lot more than $ 100k in the us . 
  that 's mainly because the employer also pays a lot more than that money on the side for various services and social participation for you . 
  also because salaries and cost of living are simply lower than in the richest us states , even in western europe . 
  to give you an idea , that 's more than the average end-of-career salary of an engineer ( meaning meng ) in france . 
  whereas it 's not unrealistic to get it in mid-career or earlier in many us states for the same level . 
  that does n't change the point , but that makes that bar much higher . 
  on a separate note , do you like it ? 
  i 'm considering pushing my bosses to it . 
  it 's heavily influenced by the culture . 
  but the time vs sun shapes that culture . 
  i work a lot between france , germany , spain , and the uk . 
  it 's true that the hour difference with the uk can make webex 's a bit more difficult , but honestly it 's not that bad . 
  i guess the productivity issues you get with more tired people are not unsignificant either . 
  spain has a large difference with the sun time , and there are lots of people there who feel it has a bad influence on the lifestyle . 
  people sleep less . 
   we should have a trio of official languages : english , french , german i think it would be fair , except with one additional rule that every person must use a language that 's not his native one among those . 
  otherwise that 's a clear advantage to countries with native speakers in those language for diplomacy and influence . 
  plus , if you 're going to require a foreign language fluency to be elected , you need to do it to everyone . 
  jealous ? 
  i would n't bear moving in with my parents anymore . 
  it 's ok for a couple of weeks maybe , on some holidays , but after that i want to go back to my place . 
   without the language its pretty hard to work in finance/business in paris really ? 
  i 'm quite surprised to hear this . 
  i work in engineering out of paris and there are plenty of foreigners working there who do n't speak french . 
  in paris and in finance it must be even more common place . 
  in monaco there are about as many foreigners coming in every day for work as inhabitants . 
  so the number for the actual number of people in the country on a typical day should be half as that . 
  also monaco is much closer to italy than the line on the map . 
  people just vaguely look for a large object , like a car . 
  when i got doored , the guy just said he was looking for a car , not a bicycle . 
  obviously you 're not supposed to be looking for something in particular , but that 's what happens . 
  as a cyclist , i avoid bicycle lanes like that . 
  i tend to stay on the road instead of taking them even . 
  you can get doored by passenger doors ( it almost happened to me ) and ca n't ride far away enough from the cars . 
  also , you have pedestrians and other obstacles on the lane ( garbage bins , people loading their car , badly parked cars ... ) . 
  also , the transitions between such a lane and a lane on the road are usually badly made . 
  and it prevents turning left into a street . 
  it only works if there is enough space between the cars and the bicycle lane , few obstacles , the ability to swerve on the pavement , and safe and fast transition at the beginning and end of such lane . 
  otherwise cyclists just stay on the road . 
  and yet it won the bid before boeing appealed . 
  the usaf showed it was superior . 
  and it was consistent because the airbus mrtt won all the bids elsewhere ( except japan and italy , which are heavily involved in the boeing program ) . 
  also they get tax breaks by the states were they put their plants , which is a form of subsidy . 
  and yet , when airbus provided competition for the tanker contract , boeing had to half its normal price to stay competitive .
