  particularly when it comes to slavic balkan states , i feel like it separates us from other slavs . 
  i 'm not a pan-slavist , and i think every country should be autonomous , but i actually like it when people just lob me in with ukranian or polish people when i tell them where i 'm from . 
  do n't know why though , but i like it . 
  that 's because it is . 
  it has more grounds to eastern europe than the baltics . 
  plus serbs do n't mind being called eastern european , while the baltics tend to start away from that division . 
  in some ways . 
  in terms of folk dance , aside from the way the costumes look , slavic balkan countries bare a very strong resemblance to ukranian or russian folklore . 
  they mainly differ in terms of music and dress . 
  balkan europe is * eastern europe * not southern europe . 
  the balkans all bare more of a similarity to the rest of eastern europe than to the rest of southern europe . 
  may i ask how you did that ? 
  it 's not crappy i think it 's cool . 
  did you do it in the same fashion as that `` regions of europe '' map ? 
  well , at least no central european countries were placed in eastern europe . 
  not the case with southern though . 
  edit : realized i put cuisine in there . 
  guess i got a little ahead of myself since i was saying things just to prove my point . 
  as a croatian i should 've known better than to group montengro in with the borsht eating nations of europe . 
  in english it has a southern sounding name , in every other language it sounds as slavic as you can get ( `` crna gora , czarna gora , corna hora ) . 
  montenegro has some credibility to being southern europe , but the things you mentioned are pretty much it . 
  everything else about montenegro screams eastern european : it 's history , it 's language , culture , genetics , cuisine , religion and alphabet . 
  you 'd be better off putting it in eastern europe . 
  i myself try to steer away from putting croatia and other balkan countries in southern europe because then they 're grouped in with italy and spain , implying that the same kind of culture is present in those countries as in the balkan countries , which is not the truth . 
  i 'll post the same thing i did in r/mapporn : i 'm surprised that slovenia is n't darker on the map along with croatia . 
  despite both of these country having most of their * land mass * in central europe , pretty much the entire world thinks of those countries as eastern europe . 
  the video was made by me , since i could n't find one that reflected culture of the 3 ethnic groups in bosnia . 
  hope you like it !, 
  the sarma that croatian people make is sour cabbage sarma that 's brought in from hungary/ukraine the sarma with vine leaves or sweet cabbage is from turkey . 
  it 's made in bosnia , bulgaria and other heavily ottoman influenced countries though they have sour cabbage sarma as well, 
  oops my bad , you guys do get snow . 
  but bulgaria is warm enough so that you can grow figs , unlike in any part of bosnia, 
  only bosnia is n't hot . 
  herzegovina is , but bosnia is almost as cold as poland . 
  the only really hot countries all year round are the coastal parts of croatia towards the south , bulgaria , southern serbia , albania , montenegro and greece . 
  if you count western europe then you can add in portugal and southern spain to that list . 
  well if you enjoy it , then i guess the main things i 've heard ee 's complain about are that : - turks created islamic pockets of eastern europe , which further separated an already separated people even more - turks gave us some cuisine which is n't really the best imo ( i hate cevapi ) and some of the worst folk outfits [ i 've ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/09/srpska_nosnja.jpg ) [ ever ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/72/8e/42/728e4230ef292093d5845e577c9d4d02.jpg ) [ seen ] ( http://ss1.spletnik.si/4_4/000/000/1cb/69d/1.mu-ka-i--enska-standardna-bosanska-no-nja.jpg ) - turks distanced the south slavs even further from the north slavs - turks slaughtered many of our people ( especially bulgarian and serbian people ) during the time of the ottoman empire - while occupying ee , turks took a lot from us and gave very little back in the economic and social sense . 
  bosnia ( and other countries like albania ) were very poor and because of islamic law had a harder time `` progressing '' with the rest of ee - because of turkish occupation , parts of ee ( namely the balkans ) now have a legacy of middle eastern rule deeply rooted within their culture , causing europe , as well as the rest of the world , to think of us ( bosnia , albania , kosovo parts of bulgaria , romania , macedonia and serbia ) as a former legacy of turkish rule rather than slavic and ee people who merely adopted varying degrees of turkish culture . 
  many ee 's say ( which i am just paraphrasing from other people ) that turkey created the cluster-mess that is ee ( particularly the balkans ) to this day because of all the aforementioned aspects . 
  the thing that bothers me the most is the separation that was introduced during ottoman times . 
  both religiously and culturally , i do n't like being associated with turkey which is why i fight to the death so that people stop stuffing croatia into the balkans but rather as ee or central europe . 
   could you remind me - how many ussr ( or romanian , polish , hungarian , ... ) politicians/leaders were female ? 
  [ savka dabcevic-kucar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/savka_dab%c4%8devi%c4%87-ku%c4%8dar ) who was actually the first female prime minister of europe and [ elena stasova ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elena_stasova ) who was the general secretary of the soviet union in 1917 . 
  yes there are probably more , but yes i get what you 're trying to say about womens roles . 
  however , women did work , women did hold important positions , and there was never a political patriarchy , only a social one that exists in most countries to this day . 
   because from what i remember it was much worse than now much worse , no . 
  is it better now ? 
  very possible . 
  there was quite literally , absolutely no legal difference in between the opportunities available for a man and woman . 
  to say that gender equality was much worse back then is an insult to the women who * did * succeed because of socialism healthcare : there were certain barriers placed on imports and exports yes , although the soviet unions life expectancy actually surpassed that of americas in the 50-60s and then declined in the 80s when the pipes of communism started bursting . 
  quality of flats was n't really abysmal , i mean there were a lot of people to one building but provided you turned the stove on , you could stay warm and you eventually got used to it . 
  better to have a home than to be on the street . 
  the point was n't to highlight how good communism was , it was to highlight how many drastically positive changes were made transitioning into communism and how generations were brought up in that kind of atmosphere . 
  the question is why has n't that atmosphere of sudden progression to economical and social aspects of life continued in ee, 
  slovakia , slovenia , the czech republic , and sort of hungary + croatia indeed have westernized themselves quite a bit since ' 89 . 
  slovenia and czech republic especially have achieved considerably positive qualities of life . 
  it 's not as bad there , though considerable divides between the rich and poor remain . 
  though other ee countries ( poland , serbia , bulgaria , albania ... ) have it a little worse off . 
  when socialism came in the 1940s , it forced a progressive mentality . 
  i 'm sure there were people against women in the army and workforce , relinquishing their millions of dollars or acres of property and `` eliminating '' the church from the state , yet this is what they were taught was right . 
  in the same way , it seems that now whenever an issue is held to a referendum , ee always takes a more conservative approach , contradicting their previous background . 
  if that 's the way it is in latvia i wholeheartedly agree with that . 
  i think that 's the pinnacle of equality and that that ensues trust within both genders . 
  i 'm glad some countries see that you do n't have to make something out of nothing in order to have equality . 
  in canada the culture surrounding third wave feminism is often badly interpreted and therefore wrongly exaggerated , creating a litigious and gender divided society , yet people on both sides keep pushing . 
  that aside , my question and speech still stand lol, 
  what surprises me is eastern europe . 
  believe it or not eastern europe had permissive laws concerning homosexuality as early as the 1910s . 
  it surprises me that in places where homosexual and heterosexual relationships were `` considered equal in the eyes of the law '' ( vladimir lenins words , and indirectly the words of all the former communist countries of europe ) have such a large opposition to something that was almost legal back in communism . 
  though frowned upon ( very frowned upon ) , it was legally better to be gay in the 1940s in a communist eastern european country than it was to be in almost any other country anywhere . 
  why eastern europe is the way it is , i 'm not sure , we really are a weird people . 
  edit : clarification homosexuality was legal . 
  homosexual marriage was just shy of being legal, 
  probably because you guys speak the most universally recognized languages in the world, 
  that was supposed to be part of my already-bad joke . 
  welp, 
  actually it 's both goddamn kajkavian, 
  alright , i get where you 're coming from . 
  however , why do you think some eastern europeans ( romanians included ) [ liked communism ? 
  ] ( http://www.balkanalysis.com/romania/2011/12/27/in-romania-opinion-polls-show-nostalgia-for-communism/ ) i 'm sure r/europe has some smart people , but i 'm certain they only represent such a small amount of the continent . 
  i 'm not stating any opinion of my own , i 'm just asking why you think there are eastern europeans who support communism saw/see at least some good in it . 
  i should have mentioned this in my original post . 
  some of the things you said are very true , particularly about speaking out against the ( only ) party . 
  propoganda seems to have taken a lesser toll in fsfr yugoslavia . 
  there was propoganda undeniably , but not to the point where people were scared of their own family . 
  although what you said about the secret police and `` disappearing '' without evidence applies to us as well . 
  i 'm sure that lots of lives were lost due to this secret service stuff , and that families were torn apart , no question . 
  i agree with you completely . 
  this was a problem with communism , and its something i can say questions the good it brought . 
  the only thing i 'd have to question is when you speak about how communism put eastern europe 50-60 years behind in development . 
  economically , maybe . 
  socially i 'd say no , just because of the * good * that if brought . 
  sexual assault is lower across all of eastern europe , literacy sky rocketed and people were `` forced '' to live in an egalitarian society , where everyone had the same civil liberties . 
  forcing things is never good , but it did have what we would consider a positive impact nowadays . 
  i was trying to ask about why croats would feel the way they do about communism . 
  from what i have gathered about what others tell me , the first thing they always say is religion , which is why i assumed it to be a primary cause in my case . 
  i know this might not be the only reason why people might feel the way they do about former socialism in their countries , i was trying to ask what else makes them feel the way they do . 
  this is not what i meant , not at all . 
  i mention nothing about islam nor was that my focal point . 
  lots of croatian people are catholic , they feel it 's one of the main things that gives them an identity as croats .
