not if independent scotland abolishes its monarchy ~, 
  you wish . 
  islam is just as scum as christianity . 
  if islam does n't have a place in a progressive , fair and just society , christianity does n't either . 
  christianity is a much bigger issue in europe , in that case . 
  why are you still complaining about the muslims ? 
  a lot , actually . 
  especially the baltic states are much happier to be subsidized by the west than the russians , even when the russian subsidies are higher . 
  mate , when it comes to the baltic states , `` current events '' wo n't cut it . 
  from the looks of your flair it does n't seem like you 'd be affected ... 
  the russians , obviously !, 
  nah , pretty sure it 's you . 
  everyone could do better , really . 
  because the monarch might go crazy and invade norway . 
  ideally , i think , it should be a mix where the monarch makes sure that the rest of the government stays democratic . 
  inb4 the lobbyists buy out the monarch as well vov . 
  random prince might not have all those skills , however the prince who 's supposed to be the next king will generally be taught all those things as well , in preparation . 
  actually , it 's easier to make sure that the next monarch has those skills than some elected guy , because the prince was started to prepare literally since birth . 
  that 's not necessarily the case with some elected guy . 
  at least obamabots do n't get paid , they actually agree with him . 
  it 'd be one of the very few true things they 'd reported . 
  then again , i doubt they would . 
  they really do n't need to report on how a few nations are fed up with their rule . 
  the human chain was organised to mark the 50 year anniversary of the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  eastern europeans are real europeans . 
  it 's just that a portion of them actually work towards making their own countries and themselves better off , by joining the eu and becoming more western in general , while the rest of them live in shitholes and do n't bother doing anything about it . 
  the latter can be mocked for doing idiotic things , the former are doing a good job . 
   however the treaties do not provide any mechanism to expel a member state outright . 
  the idea appeared in the drafting of the european constitution and the lisbon treaty but failed to be included . 
  there are a number of considerations which make such a provision impractical . 
  firstly , a member state leaving would require amendments to the treaties , and amendments require unanimity . 
  unanimity would be impossible to achieve if the state did not want to leave of its own free will . 
  secondly it is legally complicated , particularly with all the rights and privileges being withdrawn for both sides that would not be resolved by an orderly and voluntary withdrawal . 
  third , the concept of expulsion goes against the spirit of the treaties . 
  most available sanctions are conciliatory , not punitive ; they do not punish a state for failing to live up to fellow states ' demands , but encourage a state to fulfill its treaty obligations - expulsion would certainly not achieve that . 
  from [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/withdrawal_from_the_european_union#suspension ) . 
  i mean i guess everyone could just leave the eu and form another one , without greece . 
  hahaha guess my plans to make memel into another german state are n't worth enacting then, 
  ca n't people initiate a referendum by themselves ? 
  start campaigning , bro . 
  we wo n't have to wait and see , since there 's nothing to wait and see . 
  you literally ca n't expel a state from the union . 
  unless the greeks voted to leave , which would invoke article 50 , greece is n't leaving the union . 
  really not how it works in the eu . 
  you ca n't be forced to leave unless you want to leave . 
  just so you know , no country can be legally expelled from the eu , even if everyone else says they should leave . 
  can all eurozone countries hold a referendum on wether or not we should support greece ? 
  if greece can choose to break the rules , everyone else can choose to not have to deal with them when they get buried in their own shit . 
  while i personally support helping greece , they need to deal with their shit too to get any use from that help . 
  i wonder if turkey would finally acknowledge the armenian genocide if we just gave them greece . 
   2 ) greece would be in contravention of the eu treaties ( which are effectively the constitution of the eu ) and would therefore likely be expelled from the eu . 
  i just feel like saying that there is literally no way to actually expel a state from the eu . 
  they can have certain rights limited , but they ca n't be expelled, 
  peace ? 
  not necessarily . 
  if it 's too much trouble , you can forget that single small item and instead try to make sure the thief wo n't get in again . 
  just because the thief said that the item wanted to be stolen it does n't make that true . 
  just because a thief steals something , it does n't make that something theirs . 
  not really . 
  not really . 
  sounds like ukip 's england tbh, 
  what 's wrong with that, 
  this is n't a reaction gif or a meme though . 
  nah you 'd have to get the euro, 
  i think you 're missing the point . 
  the uk would become the * texas * of europe . 
  hey , my german flair seems to be more accurate than previously thought . 
  firefox ~ ~ master race ~ ~ rules, 
  radical leftism = / = leftism . 
  how much does putin pay you ? 
  are you calling lithuania , latvia , estonia , poland and a bunch of other countries `` new age hippies '' ? 
  get a grip you moron . 
  the dutch pirate party does n't seem to have gotten a seat ? 
  those are the names of political groups , which are groups of national political parties . 
  pirate parties are generally under greens/efa , but they need to be elected first ^ ^, 
  i know it 's a joke . 
  not a very applicable one though . 
  i think by not reading my flair you 'll find i 'm not actually german . 
  i think it 's bollocks . 
  ukraine is a sovereign state , mexico is a sovereign state . 
  sure , there are ethnic russians in ukraine , but that gives russia no right to ukraine , just as nothing will give china a right to mexico . 
  if china invaded mexico you bet your ass everyone in the us would be talking about it . 
  yes , let 's blame the ussr for being what it was . 
  considering what it was , a ruthless empire with no regard for its citizens , i see no problem with blaming the ussr . 
  what, 
  no why would you think that, 
  it 's not necessarily a joke about sweden being full of refugees though , it 's more on the level of saying `` pardon my french '' after swearing in english . 
  we 'll think of you as insane and will try to get away from you as quickly as possible . 
  lithuania 's getting one soon , i 'm sure you 'll have your own in no time . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  as i understood it , your logic is that because men do n't have menstruation , they should pay for unwanted children . 
  that is ridiculously unfair , as that ca n't possibly happen to women . 
  she can cancel her responsibilities by having an abortion . 
  a guy ca n't . 
  this means that a guy 's financial future can damn well be determined by some woman just due to an accident - this ca n't happen the other way around , and even if it could , it 'd be incredibly unfair . 
  that 's why this is a good idea . 
  `` well , i 'm having periods so you get to pay for children you never wanted '' how does that make sense ? 
  this does n't even take into account that some contraceptives also prevent menstruation . 
  with that logic , by avoiding menstruation , women should have to pay for their babies too ... 
  but they wo n't be having any due to the contraception .
