  right ? 
  maybe . 
  but we would be in a different place regarding moral discourse , which is key for gaining public support for any intervention . . 
  i 'm not even going to go into the palestine subject . . another place where we show hypocrisy , well speculated by the russian propaganda machine that managed to gather percentages of public support for the putin administration in the 80 % range . . 
  the world will not be covered in nukes because nobody is going to nuke namibia for example . 
  beautiful even then . . 
  i love the fact that romania and bulgaria increase their cooperation more and more . 
  i love bulgarians . 
  high five bros !, 
  that 's the biggest fuck up in postwar geopolitics in europe . 
  the russians said then and there that it will be considered a precedent . 
  hence shit russia is pulling . 
  they should have gone for extended autonomy . . 
  well mate i do n't think you get what i 'm trying to say . 
  most of what romania exports is designed in france or germany and assembled here by their standards . 
  so if inferior products are exported , they have been designed wrong . 
  if you 're trying to imply that romanians are somehow inferior craftsmen you 'd have to specify the industry as there are few were highly skilled manual labor is used . 
  romanians will probably never achieve the level of the swiss in regards to watches , but guess what , neither will the czechs . 
  on the other hand romanians craft killer shoes and are in top 3 shoe exporting countries in the eu . 
  they also subcontract a ton of high fashion clothing ranging from armani suits to organic baby clothes and deliver top notch products . 
  they also do shitty smartphones for example . 
  but compared to offerings from samsung in the same price bracket they are better speced . 
  they also do shitty cars . 
  but there are n't any alternatives in their price brackets for a better cost/performance ratio and these shitty cars have utterly shocked the market and made a killing even in germany leading the manufacturer to top the list of exporting companies in romania . 
  so maybe you 're confusing budget brands with shitty . 
  or maybe you remember the communist times when actually all eastern europe had antiquated manufacturing processes and were really spilling a lot of shitty products . 
  or maybe you have actually come across some genuine shitty products from romania and extrapolated from there , but i can assure you there are in the minority and i can assure you i can find similar examples in the czech side . 
  either way to say the brand is diluted by countries like romania and bulgaria is a gross simplification of a multifaceted reality . 
  there are people in south america who could never afford a german car and get to know the brand by buying a cheap dacia . 
  explain brand dilution in similar situations ... 
  dude . 
  either you hate romania or you 're a little naive . 
  romanians actually do help build german cars . 
  a shitload of parts for bmw and mercedes are built in transilvania . 
  i 'm talking significant percentages . 
  the way that works is people smarter than both of us realise that it would be cheaper for them to take a factory part by part and a few engineers and move all that shit to a place where labour is cheaper . 
  when labour will get more expensive here they will move to next cheap labour place . 
  what brand should those people use ? 
  what brand should the ford factory use on the car developed & designed in the usa and asembled in romania with parts from china , india and africa ? 
  that 's why standards have been invented . 
  location is irrelevant when the process is exported . . 
  you assume products made there with eu standards , on eu machinery , with eu knowhow are somewhat inferior ? 
  kebab will endure . . 
  plus the right to buy property and do business much easier . 
  also eu wide medical coverage . 
  the russia . . giggled . 
  one day that yellow part will secede . . 
  everybody is talking about where to buy more gas . 
  i do n't hear anybody talking about how to switch to something else and tell the russians to go fuck themselves . . 
  ... car drives you . 
  i think you 're wrong . 
  first of all you can pick any arab , asian etc culture and compare the two to it , if you want to be pedantic . 
  coming back to shared european culture . 
  although finding traits of culture universally available continent wide will be tougher , they are there and beyond that you have really close clusters of cultures be it in the south , north , east or west . 
  the base of these culture traits ? 
  the roman empire . 
  and then compare both of them to arabs , or indians , or asians . . 
  the original romanian flag was what we can describe as a dragon on a pole that screamed when exposed to the wind i shit you not !, 
  http://www.exploringromania.com/flag-of-romania.html we would win any flag competition with that bad boy . . 
  it 's wise to use the stronger brand . 
  people from the states have no clue where or what romania is . . 
  feck off !, 
  ask google . 
  i 'm to lazy to give history lessons . . 
  but do you see any cars burning here ? 
  there are several empires in history that would put the us to shame lol . . 
  actually a strong eu army would be a nightmare for the us . 
  having it the eu would have no complex in dealing hard with russians . 
  an eurasian assertive block would probably dominate the globe in the long run . 
  i remember how the romanians handled these bunch ( to be fair they were way less ) during a controversial summit like this . 
  they made sure to pick up the suspicious individuals in the morning before the summit , carried them to an disaffected industrial building and made sure to make checks about every little detail about them for the whole duration of the summit . 
  towards the evening everybody was let go and life went on . . 
  well , everybody is prudent about this due to the prestige and influence of germany currently in the eu . 
  if germany can swing eu policy it 's assumed they can swing an eu army . 
  also the brits are probably the dominant military force in the eu at the moment and they would probably not want to lose the status to a different force . 
  if the brits would dominate eu affairs the way germany does i 'm sure they would n't have a problem with it . 
  such are the brits . 
  all right . 
  that 's a little bit philosophical . 
  we can put a cap to '' ever '' thinking about it relative to our lifetimes , or relative to the existence of the russian state as we know it , but '' ever '' barely ever really means ever . 
  whoever uses '' ever '' whenever they think of never really means just a very long time . 
  ever is relative . . 
  wait . 
  can you give some examples so are we talking about ? 
  stuff that happens inside the eu fades against stuff that russia pulls for example ... 
  i hate the russian establishment and lately even dislike russians but at least on this i must agree . 
  the chances crimea will ever be returned to ukraine are nil . . 
  am i alone thinking that we should retaliate at the eu level ? 
  we will always be attacked , blackmailed , extorted and humiliated at a single country level by international bullies , dictators or cunts like the saudis . 
  have we no pride to let shit like this pass again and again ? 
  who said anything about choice ? 
  i was talking about whoever is left after the `` cool '' kids leave . . 
  do n't worry . 
  we 'll join up with the eurasian union . 
  that 's basically game over for the rest . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  for sure you wo n't exit the market so you 'll be left to apply all the rules of the market without a say in it . 
  this is kinda retarded . 
  hungary can into nordics !, 
  shall we send the dna mates ?
