  i 'm obviously joking but after i 've read about the clusterfuck that was the berlin airport i have become way more cynical . . 
  this . 
  always this with the russians . 
  it translates to . . 
  i ca n't say suck on deez nuts to your face but i ca n't get creative . . 
  with the firm promise of a terrestrial line that needs only $ 380 mil more to happen . . 
  well , probably serbia . 
  i had hopes for moldova to align to a straightforward process but like usual they have thrown everything to the shitters . . 
  yeah , expect it to be more like 3-3 .5 . . 
  nope , it 's still rather shitty . . , 
  i ca n't get used to good news about romania . . 
  even if by a miraculous twist of events moldova gets it 's shit together , enters the eu and the population wants this union it will be more advantageous from a strategically point of view to keep 2 states for more voting power . . 
  read that : we 're ready to make some deals . 
  syria is an obvious subject . 
  i 'm curious about others . . 
  how much was the bribe ? 
  it 's more of an avoiding state hospital infections statement and all the chain of hyenas waiting for tips and bribes even for the most elementary service . 
  to believe people shell out a few thousand euros just to have bragging rights is a little short sighted . 
  wow , of which moldova are we talking about though ? 
  wow , i bet it 's going to be a fun 7 months !, 
  no , it proves they 're shaolin masters of hiding shit !, 
  well a good part of them are professionals . 
  their trade is sadly not recognised . . 
  wait , so that means in 2018 czechia ( yup i did it ) and romania will both celebrate 100 years from the creation of their modern states . 
  fistbump bros !, 
  well it 's, 
  i 'm sure that an ultimatum is just the thing to soften their hearts . . 
  tl dr the richer you are the earlier you live the nest . . 
  trust me it were approved our politicians would be rubbing our noses in it . 
  we would certainly know . . 
  we had a roadmap to schengen , accomplished all the criteria , spent over a billion euro and got rejected on political reasons ... 
  well we got burned with schengen before so there 's that . . 
  and it 's solved . 
  visas will be lifted from dec 2017 . 
  so much for wisdom . . 
  problem solved !, 
  ( translated with google ) `` we reached an agreement with canada , a reasonable agreement . 
  we are in a position to withdraw the reserve declared against ceta . 
  romania has no objection to the trade agreement with canada , '' said president klaus johannis in brussels on friday . 
  agreement with canada on lifting visa is gradually : from may 1 , 2017 canada eliminate visas for romanians who had a visa , and from december 1 , 2017 canada abolished visas for the romanian citizens . 
  johannis also said that canadian authorities have kept a possibility of reversing the decision if it finds that the number of illegal immigrants is very high . 
  but this clause can only be activated early in the lifting of visa , after three years can not be used by canada . 
  basically , at the moment romania has no reason to use its right of veto regarding the eu-canada . 
  trade agreement is still jeopardized by opposition belgian region of wallonia . 
  it needs and consent that belgium can approve the agreement . 
  decisive talks are scheduled for today between european leaders and those of the belgian walloon region . 
  president klaus johannis said as bulgaria reached a similar deal . 
  dude , canada has visa waiver with mexico . 
  romanian criminality is a sad joke besides that in mexico . 
  the real reason is economic migration . 
  everybody hates poor people . . 
  da fuq you on about mate ? 
  the picture was taken this month by me personally . 
  some might have been taken down , but a small percentage . . 
  there is a price though . 
  here what a lighting post looks in bucharest : http://imgur.com/zbtytmq, 
  ok . obviously i was wrong , and i should have checked the data in the comment i 've read myself before making sarcastic remarks . 
  i would like to extend my sincere apologies to you gentlemen for any inconveniences . 
  please , carry on . . 
  bran castle just redefined the term tourist trap . . 
  you 're embarrassing the rest of us !, 
  i 'll give you your upvote and raise you this : http://imgur.com/q4ijrxb http://imgur.com/8ilqr3m, 
  hungary did this years ago . 
  sorry bros , nothing special here . 
  it will only get interesting when those that contracted loans in euros realise that the euro also was much weaker before the crisis and they could sue the state for discrimimation and demand equal treatement . 
  then it 's interesting . 
  then probably no bank in romania can swallow that . 
  so either the state marches on and then bailouts the banks ( with borrowed money ) or it backtracks on all of this shit . 
  until then i hope the frank loaners enjoy their bailout . . 
  i wondered how the hell they do n't clog their sinks all my childhood, 
  romania checking in as an `` under the sink '' nation . 
  there was a comment earlier that showed just that . 
  that between '95 and 2015 mongolia grew more than russia . 
  the difference with stans was just ridiculous . . look it up, 
  it could be worse though . . 
  yeah , i 'm sure mongolia bathes in western cash . . 
  the problem is that it 's really hard to find a balanced russian online that could explain things clearly and without bias , as even the ones that know a thing or two selfcensor . . 
  so it 's gloom and doom from the west and rose and petals from the east . 
  those of us that are genuinely interested just hope to understand something reading between the lines . . 
  then kick us out . 
  you probably need to kick out bulgaria too , right ? 
  who else ? 
  hungary , of course then maybe poland ? 
  all that for demanding equal rights ? 
  it 's precisely because we want the same things as a whole that we are in this situation . 
  i hope you remember we got burned once already with schengen with these exact kind of promises . . fool me once , you ca n't get fooled again . . 
  which leads us to this singular moment in time where ceta is fucked . 
  i understand the implications of a decision like this but i thought people involved in such negotiations were mature enough to understand that this could happen , especially when the trade negotiations were well under way and signals were given . 
  they could have pretended to threaten canada with reciprocity and canada should have pretended to be scared and solve it . 
  instead they just postponed it and canada did n't move a finger knowing all well they would n't do it . 
  then what 's the point of signing treaties ? 
  the eu should have reciprocated the visa requirement for the citizens of the us and canada long ago eu wide . 
  it says so in the treaties . 
  they did n't have the balls . 
  they just postponed and postponed . 
  this could have been solved years ago . 
  it has now come to this . 
  i want to congratulate our emissaries for the courage . 
  romania and bulgaria showing up late to the party , dressed in shit clothes with no money . 
  the rest of the guys chip in and buy them a few rounds .
