  beer pipeline is the best kind of pipeline !, 
  i ai n't even mad we have the smallest index in the eu . 
  we beat russia !, 
  how often will we get to say that ? 
  the other day we heard rumors of russians conceiving strategies of conventional warfare aided by tactical nukes . 
  who are ww fooling . 
  the russians will go down , but will take a lot of us down with them . . 
  it does throw an alien vibe . . 
  do n't think countries . 
  think cities !, 
  wtf . 
  why ? 
  how come ? 
  then they are probably fucked . . 
  how much time do you spend shopping ? 
  russians wo n't let ukraine stock up for the winter and when the child hits they 're going to strike . . 
  i too discovered a latent love for bulgaria and bulgarians . 
  italy is close also , but much more developed and civilised . 
  greece hit home for me also as i found greeks to be very pleasant . 
  what did you expect after all the bullshit with cameron and junker ? 
  i really like bulgarians too . 
  hope we 'll get ever closer in the future . 
  we 've all been through a lot of shit together in these land of ours . 
  sir , i believe you find yourself in grave error . 
  this is propaganda for the eu , payed with generous budgets from the same funds . 
  if was a mandatory request . 
  look into it . 
  there was a small scandal in udrea 's time at the ministry . 
  i think it 's bullshit . 
  we would suffer considerable damage in a full fledged land , sea and air attack from the first moments . 
  until the first backup arrives they can trash half the country . . 
  this is such a disgrace . 
  the cherry on top of the silent support of isis . 
  wonder if there will be anybody who boycotts it ? 
  i hate islam . 
  actually i hate religion in general . 
  and london got lucky with the eastern europeans , paris not so much . 
  i would hate cities like these to become more muslim in the future and lose their old flavors . 
  the remark still stands . 
  i thought romanians will going to destroy the netherlands !, 
  i find it amusing how alarmed the west was about immigration from eastern europe when under their nose these people are building islamic enclaves . 
  go greece !, 
  you deserve it !, 
  this has probably saved the factory from the brink of collapse . 
  good news indeed in the current geological situation also . 
  you know , i think the brits may be stupid enough to take them . . 
  gypsies represent romania with honor yet again !, 
  russia is far far from invincible . 
  remember , even the most powerful military powers of the world can not control teritory if the locals rebel . 
  afghanistan , iraq , vietnam can teach us many things . 
  the russians population appeal for a full scale war in ukraine is zero and russia fights with its hands behind its back . 
  i think there is a fair chance but they need western millitary help . 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  they 're not massively over represented . 
  what he probably wanted to say is that they have a bigger influence than those percents may indicate because they often find themselves between bigger opposing political forces and their 6-7-8 percents can make or brake a majority . 
  this puts them in a very favorable negotiating position and they can push their interests easier . . 
  not in romania . 
  they are actually close to the median . 
  the east is much poorer . 
  quit propagating this . 
  it 's a myth spread by radicals . 
  considering all the shit that happened to both our people and the shit we pulled on each other for centuries i find it a little miracle that we are living in peace and get along so well , and beyond all the funny jokes and ironies we throw at each other i really like our magyars . 
  they 're very fine people . 
  we 're lucky to have them . 
  there thousands and thousands of cool places in europe . 
  really . 
  wherever you go there 's something cool 1-2-3 hours drive away if not right there . 
  so just close your eyes and point to the map and go there . 
  rent a car and keep going . 
  europe is simply fantastic but we 're not realizing because we 're used to it . . 
  resistance . 
  russia joins you . . 
  this is completely wrong . 
  even with a steep salary cut you could be living much much better for example in romania than in london . 
  also , economical statistics is n't evenly distributed . 
  at any time there are cities that are booming in europe even in states that are in recession . 
  oh , we also have something from fohn . 
  it 's feon . 
  they are when germany and france fight . . 
  if this man does n't understand russia i do n't who does . . 
  he makes a lot of sense . . 
  this guy surely has spies in isis . 
  i would listen to what he 's saying . 
  i think he warned the us of 9.11 too . . 
  do you think if the eu economy sinks you 'll gon na be allright ? 
  do n't worry they 'll probably soon gon na come for you in the arctic contesting greenlands plateau . 
  you 'll have your chance then . . 
  russia is not a superpower . 
  dude . 
  leave it . 
  get your head straight . 
  nobody is a fucking angel . 
  this is real life . 
  it 's dirty and messy . 
  i 'd rather have american influence any day than russian influence . 
  the americans gave the world the internet where you more voice free opinion . 
  what the fuck did russians give to the world in the last 2 decades ? 
  no , i thought that too , but it will cover all their needs after additional infrastructure is put in place . 
  what did he destroy . 
  from outside poland seems to be doing excellent .
