  not now , and not abruptly . 
  but you must realize that a new cold war era has just started . 
  and this time also , like the last time , it will be economically . 
  you 'll probably have crimea . 
  but on that account every little country in europe will decouple itself from russian energy in an accelerated fashion . 
  the americans are knocking on the door with their shale gas , and multiple eu states are one legislation change away before starting to exploit what seem to be massive shale gas reserves . 
  also huge lng terminals are in different stages of construction . 
  it 's not looking good for the medium future . 
  and i 'm not even going to mention renewables . 
  and this is only the beginning . 
  you see . . if the size of the economies of the eu and us vs russia would be measured in dick sizes russia would be the small asian dude with the tiny prick standing near 2 meters tall horse cock black males . 
  i can assure you the latter can fuck you harder , better , faster , stronger ... 
  except if china and india start buying ... 
  the germans always deal with the russians above eastern europe 's head and that 's how we get fucked . 
  they 're out to make a profit from reselling russian gas . 
  even as we speak romania does not buy directly from gazprom but from intermediaries run by gerrard schroeder . 
  this . 
  we 've been killing each other for millennia . 
  the continent was devastated multiple times . 
  underneath the appearances there is massive mistrust and competition . 
  putin was cornered . 
  he had to do something after he lost ukraine as an ally and an economic partner in the trading union he tried to create . 
  creating an enemy was the exit from the road to a maidan in moscow . 
  we live in sensible times . 
  we just had a wave of revolutions in africa and revolutions tend to spread like wild fire . 
  remember besides ukraine there are big , serious protests in bosnia , we had massive protests in turkey ( and they may spark again ) , bulgaria had big protests last summer , romania also . 
  it would n't be that far fetched to think that they might spark in russia , and as strong as putin appears to be , this whole thing might just be a very very risky and desperate attempt to calm the waters internally . 
  this is why it seems that right now he seems to not give a fuck about the international opinion . 
  he could care less for that with dangers to his authority rising from inside . 
  but it seems it 's paying off . 
  from what i read ( could be just propaganda , but i tend to put some faith in it understanding the russian psyche ) he has massive support from the population ( support built on lies , disinformation , and hate inciting but nevertheless support ) and the subject of people problems is not him anymore , but maidan extremists . 
  romania is an a very delicate place regarding all this . 
  first of all , relations with ukraine were never great after '89 but the coldness culminated with the trial for the black sea plateau dispute at hague won by romania . 
  besides this trial romania has a minority of ethnics in ukraine , and let 's say they did n't receive stellar treatment so far . 
  second of all romania 's goals in the eastern vicinity portray to moldova , the second romanian state which , as does ukraine , has a significant russian minority . 
  besides this minority there 's also a frozen conflict , with a separatist region , where russian ethnics form a majority with russian boots on the ground in transnistria , much like what crimea seems to become . 
  the goal of romania is to manage to pull moldova in the eu , and this wo n't happen without the russian troops leaving the territory of moldova , or separation from transnistria . 
  add to that historical bad relations with russia , a big chunk of gas imports , and no real lever of negotiation and you can see why romania is and should tread very lightly regarding the situation . . 
  crimea is gone . 
  period . 
  we need to deal with it , and the point is now to contain this shit just to crimea . 
  yeah , until the price of oil drops ... then it 's back to negotiating ... 
  i do n't think europe gives two flying fucks about israel also . 
  you 're probably right . 
  crimea is already lost . 
  let 's not forget that we are talking about nuclear powers here . 
  nobody is going to take nothing from russia . 
  en contraire . . 
  putin never tried to hide his opinions of ukrainian leaders incompetence . 
  he was dissatisfied with yanukovych for a long time , but it was his only card . 
  the russians are already dressed and buckled to step into krimea . 
  i 'm sure there are truckloads of fucks they give about the us opinion , just like the americans give about theirs . 
  these people are not afraid of anything . 
  if it 's in their interest , they will act . 
  i take solace in the fact that an arbitrary intervention would damage their ability to sell natural gas to europe but still think limited intervention is plausible just as intimidation tactics . 
  russians are dangerous , and we , in east europe states know to well . 
  smooth  i also think a map of the iron curtain makes the same point . 
  come on . 
  you 're talking like he 's 22 ... 
  you probably have n't seen a lot of cities outside of western europe if you say this . 
  vienna is a jewel and the metrics measured go beyond infrastructure . 
  i would retreat there someday . 
  well it is normal for the eu to protect it 's citizens from third parties which may try to profit of it and subsequently it 's citizens and to denounce and suspend treaties that are broken by it 's partners . 
  the citizens of switzerland have made their choice , and that i can respect . 
  what i can not would be the attempts to somehow save the advantages they had without fulfilling the obligations and if put under vote in the eu i do n't think it will ever pass . 
  the surprise is the better than expected result amid raised eyebrows from many corners of the eu . 
  the figure is indeed close to what is expected ( 4 % ) from emergent eastern europe and considered healthy growth in a normal economic climate . 
  we 're a long way from normal these days . 
  well , let me tell you this . 
  i do n't think the last referendum puts it on another brighter path either . 
  i do n't think they 'll follow up as much as i would like to see a show . 
  the measures will probably be some soft , watered down regulations that barely avoid breaking the free movement criteria . 
  and who is to blame for that ? 
  direct democracy is fucking retarded . 
  do you have any idea how easy is to manipulate people to swing the vote one way ? 
  imagine if the uk had the same referendum last year after 2 years of racist and disgusting manipulations and propaganda about the tidal wave of romanians and bulgarians that would be coming ? 
  what would the results look like ? 
  give yourself a sincere answer and then contemplate on the fact that the trumpeted invasion never happened . 
  what 's all this bullshit about punishment . 
  they have signed a deal . 
  they wanted free trade and they accepted to pay with x and z and free movement . 
  now they do n't want to pay that no more and as this price is not negotiable for any of the other countries in this deal it will not be negotiable to them . 
  they are not special and the ugly truth is the show can go on without them not much affected , where , on the other half , if any concession is made a pandora 's box of special request would torrent down from all the usual suspects . 
  what can we really do about crime happening beyond our borders ? 
  the romanian police forces collaborate with counterparts all over the eu sending officers and translators but organized crime is notoriously difficult to eradicate . 
  also there are also strong local components involved in this smoothing the way for the networks to set up shop in different countries . 
  the romanian police forces are under equipped , under funded and under prepared to tackle organized crime in general but still manage , with all constraints , to do a great job within the country as romania has one of the lowest crime rates in europe . 
  the solution , from my point of view would be a truly transnational police force much like the fbi that is n't the joke that interpol is and has jurisdiction and rights to directly intervene in all eu states . 
  i got to admit , you took it pretty hard . 
  i would have expected more of them to flock to germany but i guess they like tourists zones . 
  they also tend not to linger in places where the local police force is more brutal . 
  that 's a consequence of the gypsy mafia . 
  i think you should study the matter more . 
  i do n't think you perceive of all the aspects . 
  it 's funny how rich countries always ca n't ever seem to find `` a single thing '' that is positive . 
  not for complete homogeneity . 
  the local specific will linger outside big cities for a much longer time . 
  even today big cities are melting pots converging to a global standard of culture punctuated by a different atmosphere given by architecture , weather , geography etc. 
  but almost everybody speaks english , you can find almost all nationalities , a huge diversity of culinary choices , you can listen to the same music as everywhere etc. 
  my 2 cents .
