  and i also feel the eu has had enough and wants to give syriza and greeks as a brutal example to all other states where populism and extremism take root . 
  dis gon na hurt good . . 
  over the north pole . . 
  i 'd allow them just to help italy . 
  italy has welcomed over 1.5 mil romanians among them giving them a chance for a better life . 
  if they need our help i think it 's time to bw grateful . 
  i am sure poland has a similar story with germany or the uk . . also . . 
  humanity . . 
  very few and none can move without triggering massive consequences on the global stage . . 
  by that measure we should include a lot more countries , some within the eu . . 
  tl dr greece bailed out french and german banks with borrowed money . 
  we made many mistakes after the fall of communism but one thing we did right . 
  stayed the fuck away from russia and all its bullshit . 
  russia corrupts everything it touches . . 
  serbia ? 
  well tough luck . 
  it does n't matter what you think . 
  as you grow richer more will come . 
  i do n't think there 's a single country in eastern europe mentally prepared for this but we 'll need to adapt . . 
  if we go steady we might surpass russia in a few years . 
  that would be a big psychological threshold for romanians . . 
  the question is how do they get people to borrow them money . . 
  so they already printed the drachmas . . 
  i personally do . 
  i love the one in new orleans and texas in general , the one of italian americans in new york , the way west coast african americans speak but the general tv and medis seems rather generic . 
  i do prefer london accents above all other english accents though . 
  when shit goes down somewhere and the public eye is pointed away from it . . russia moves . . 
  i can show similar images in any country of the world anyday . 
  this is manipulation . 
  you 're lead to an opinion . . 
  but it can give him the biggest meanest military base that putin hoped for in the mediterranean . 
  a strong presence there can have far reaching implications all the way to africa and the middle east . . 
  lending a couple of billions to a base in greece is too good to be true for russia . 
  imagine if the greeks gave them an uninhabited island . 
  that 's a shortcut to the capability of projecting power in the mediterranean and northen africa . . 
  people always forget about tourism . 
  that 's a better way to earn hard currency . 
  was in texas at the beginning of winter . 
  sweat my balls off . 
  i 'm amazed that you guys are n't riding camels yet . 
  are there any polls ? 
  how do you think it will turn out ? 
  how does the size of the population factor in the external dynamics of the influx ? 
  so why are you having more problems with immigration than let 's say switzerland ? 
  this disturbed more than i thought . 
  the baby raised the hair on my arms . . 
  well i sometimes wonder if hitler only attacked russia what would the outcome might have been . . 
  which speaks a lot of the capabilities of modern russian army . . 
  so it has reached the stage where people are afraid to say they do n't like him . 
  god help them . . 
  there are an array of splendid cities sprinkled all over europe . 
  i could not choose because i like different cities in different ways and i still have n't seen all the ones i want to visit . 
  one thing is certain . 
  between us we have the most beautiful cities on the planet . . 
  and kebab . . 
  well , obviously women make worse mafiosi so it 's right to be underrepresented . . 
  leave it to the romanian to fuck a neanderthal . . 
  i think this signal the fact that they will reach a deal with greece . 
  this evolving story is part of the motivation . . 
  this is the stupidest shit i 've heard in a while . 
  it will never fly . 
  i dare them to pass this shit !, 
  that 's probably one of the reasons why it needs to be dragged so far . . 
  she will cave , but not before reaching the edge so people can stare in the void . . 
  i do n't think they 're after likes around europe , 
  he also latered mentioned : `` if we loose it the only thing that remains for football supporters is to go in vacation ... '', 
  nothing beats gypsies in striking consensus , 
  of the bat here ... tax robots the same way as humans and have them contribute to the pension funds . 
  problem solved . . 
  then let libia , syria , irak etc break up and divide to smaller nations . 
  these states are colonial constructs against reality anyway . 
  you can let them fight out for 2-3 decades and generate millions more refugees or intervene and split them sooner . . 
  my grandpa had a saying : alway walk on the middle path . 
  and while walking on the middle path ... walk in the middle of it . 
  the current situation in italy is very far from the middle path . . 
  does this take in account the surface of the desert that spans half their continent ? 
  i wonder why is population reduction seen as such a bad thing ? 
  sure there is the problem of the pension funds and the problem pundits think this generates in the economy . 
  the thing is everybody is thinking about this stuff and how to solve it with the tools of today when it will be dealt with using the tools of tomorrow . 
  the robotics revolution will put people out of jobs but it will also efficientise the care and services for the elders of tomorrow . 
  less population means less pollution , less energy consumption , a thinner spread of resources , more room for housing and so on . 
  let 's look on the bright side and see where we can go there . 
  if we can make a dent on global warming ( a massive , colosal problem ) we can find solutions to reduction in population . . 
  that 's not really accurate . 
  if greece defaults deutsche bank will probably implode . 
  if db falls it will surely drag along other banks . 
  we are witnessing a russian roulette at a grand scale . . 
  umm , i think yes . 
  as long as , if i 'm poor i 'm allowed to stay in it . . 
  i feel that the whole fucking eu is falling apart lately . 
  i have not heard a major positive news for a very long long time . 
  all while every country seems to get more egoistic and deaf to the common good . 
  the current eu leadership has proved yet again a letdown and politicians in the influent states seem more and more concerned about how to gain while others loose . 
  to complicate matters even worse we have greece . 
  and on top of all this shit we have russia . 
  if the eu breaks we will have a catastrophe in europe . 
  we need to hang by our teeth to these treaties and this union and the fucking jolly bureaucrats in brussels need to step their mofo game up and deal with shit like italy 's assault asap because that 's why they 're there . 
  the shit i here lately about everyone turning their backs to italy is making me understand the stance of states like belarus , serbia or hungary regarding russia . 
  this is not a small newcomer in eeu . 
  this is fucking italy .
