  its a collection of factors - without the lack of consistent projects in the main parties platforms the conversation shifted in a cacophony of corruption accusations thrown over the fence at each other . 
  the press picked up and starting investigating . 
  public opinion came to a boil . 
  anti corruption became a platform and then the main agenda . 
  some acts were needed to be done to mime determination so . . - foreign pressures ( eu , nato ) added to the internal isteria have made the parliament pass efficient anticorruption legislation while thinking they are well covered and they 'll control the institutions anyway - an ambitious figure landed the top office in dna ( national anti-corruption direction ) because it was thought she can be controlled . 
  she can not . 
  ( she 'll probably hold a high office in the romanian state or in the eu apparatus in the future for these efforts . . i interpret her determination as ambition for a top seat ) - the parliament missed the chance to take evasive actions when the first whales were indicted thinking these prominent cases are exceptions and will stave of the thirst for justice and external pressures . 
  they were wrong . 
  slowly but surely the politicians that were being detained on corruption accusations started ratting on each other and amplified the number of cases . 
  - somewhere in the process the romanian nsa joined the fight ( or switched sides , motherfuckers always land on their feet ) . 
  modern surveillance technology is insane . 
  a flood of incriminatory evidence landed at dna and continues to every time dna requests it . 
  - ( supposedly ) sometimes foreign services chipped in . 
  in light of recent events the importance of romania as a geostrategic point increased . 
  it 's the last state in the vicinity resistant to russian influence . 
  a corrupt state is prone to foreign influence and americans want to be sure they have a steady bridge in the area . 
  - animated by previous successes the population gained trust in dna and the justice system and started to bring cases , cooperate , testify etc - the press in romania is super focused on internal affairs ( and almost oblivious to external developments outside major breaking news stories ) and we had countless sophisticated media investigations , many of which have led to arrests and/or indictments - there are probably other factors conclusion : dna currently works on 7000 cases that will be sent to court in the short to medium future . 
  they are kicking major ass . . 
  true . 
  it usualy takes between 15 to 25 years to change ingrained mentalities absent of shocks . 
  i heard they can only print 20 euros notes . 
  that would be easily circumvented by retreating the 20 notes and print a different edition , leaving the ones existing to be exchanged in banks for new ones . . 
  a joke dude . .  even when times are hard we need n't lose our humour . . 
  well you 're well on your way to solve the problem ai n't you ? 
  hmm . 
  i do n't think the ones on benefits are the most problematic . 
  it 's the other ones and they can smell the cheese invariable of the social system . . 
  oh how the winds are changing !, 
  pardon me for seeing irony in all this . . 
  there is a simple solution to keep immigrants out poland . 
  stay poor !, 
  the greeks are applying this as we speak . . 
  yep , seems like a typical balkan state ... 
  same landscape in romania . 
  it 's slowly getting letter though . . 
  i guess everybody needs a scarecrow . 
  russians have the fascist , in romania it 's the communists , in greece it 's the troika and so on , by involving the police in what 's basically political play is indeed contrary to the way a state of law should behave . . 
  i expected the worst . 
  have you seen junker slapping eu leaders ? 
  now that 's a gaffe !, 
  or anything berlusconi said ever . . or how about when the romanian foreign minister handed his homologue from germany a little book celebrating x years of diplomatic relations between the countries with a map of france colored in the german flag ( some shithead designer had no idea what germany looks like on a map ) . 
  they then proceeded to take pictures smiling and holding/showing the booklet . 
  now that 's a gaffe . . http://m.enikos.gr/en/international/25371,romania-makes-diplomacy-gaffe-with-france-germany-map-mistake-photo.html, 
  dude . 
  you really have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  i would shut up and read , like read extensively for a month or two about europe and then think about emitting judgements . 
  that took a while . . 
  but hey , i salute it !, 
  bravo italy . . 
  they 're useful in the grand scheme of russia 's strategy concerning information warfare and propaganda . 
  practices of theory overload concerning recent events , some of which are in the fantasy domain were widely used in the ukraine conflict . 
  i remember for example when they shot down the plane , among a dozen theories was one that they actually tried to bring down putin 's plane who was due to return from abroad all while putin was not in the air at the time and flew a different route . . 
  they 're called useful idiots . . 
  sans schengen - show id pass in 15 sec schengen - pass in 2-5 sec the door is not schengen but visa free travel . 
  the eu just abolished it for moldova for example . 
  it 's probably coming for ukraine soon and i think they 're like 40 mil people . . 
  here 's the funny bit . 
  there are parties in the dutch parliament systematically opposing romania and bulgaria entering schengen because i shit you not . . 
  immigrants !, 
  like they 're not going to come if they wish because they need to show an id !, 
  wtf !, 
  now either the general dutch public is completely ignorant and oblivious of these matters or your politicians think of you as retarded infants . . 
  i really do n't get this shit . . 
  so a gang bang is logged as a rape festival !, 
  oh the dutch really hate just about everyone but a few notable exceptions , but right now everybody hates greece so it 's tough to say if it 's you or them . 
  for fucks sake germany !, 
  we just got rid of the baggy pants and extra large tshirt fashion !, 
  they will adopt and own that just to spite you . 
  pray that they wo n't combine the extra large tshirt with elements of goth , punk and fucking emo because that will bring back the boy bands as a reaction to that !, 
  right boys !, 
  was wondering when somebody would raise that damn flag . 
  spain !, 
  what the feck are you doing mate ? 
  are you going to let italy step ahead ? 
  france !, 
  where 's le pen ? 
  what ? 
  she 's with portugal at the exit ? 
  hold on you cunts !, 
  wait for your old lad !, 
  just gots to do me a grefferendum !, 
  and that 's how the eu went to the shitters . . 
  the social benefits for people out of work are so low you virtually can not survive on them so people are constrained to work even on the absolute shit minimal wage . 
  the funny thing is romania sees itself as having a social state in name , but in reality it was a playground for the direst neo-liberal doctrines around and morphed into a hardcore capitalist , survival of the fittest society . 
  to give you an example the greeks are debating austerity measures for 6 months now . 
  when shit hit the fan a few years ago in romania , in one quiet night , the president aired on tv in prime time and through a 15 min speech cut all bonuses and 25 % percent of what salaries remained ( it was usual that bonuses made a huge chunk of salaries so the total cut was in most cases close to 40-50 % ) , cut the pensions , the unemployment benefits by 15 % and an array of subsidies . 
  just like that !, 
  this was followed by a hike in vat from 19 % to 24 % after a few months . . 
  you 'd be amazed how quickly if push comes to shove these inconveniences would be circumvented . . 
  the internet is much more resilient than people tend to believe . . 
  somebody painstakingly arranged all those bills . 
  do you think somebody layed on it like in breaking bad after the shoot ? 
  it will destroy uks internet . 
  there is a lot more internet out there . . 
  so what 's wrong in my previous statement ? 
  right . 
  if you really want to know what this clusterfuck truly is and get an overall understanding of what 's happening not only in greece but throughout the european financial sector watch this . 
  it will enlighten you . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6vv8_uqmxs&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=15m48s, 
  they will default . 
  that 's what they want . .
