  it 's about multi million dollar compensation for families probably , rather than finding a scape goat . 
  the guilty characters are informally known . 
  they are probably in russia now contemplating that hectare of land in siberia . . 
  and that somehow makes it all right . . russianlogic \u2122  ), 
  nope , but i 'll allow it . . 
  if this thing goes through i know at least state that will give a fat middle finger to ttip . . 
  a lot do , but bucharest ca n't compete on all fields with jobs from the eu . 
  for example there is no agriculture in bucharest . . 
  if there is one thing europe excels at is kicking the can down the road . 
  they are proficient . 
  no matter what shit you do to the can . 
  squash it the size of a coin , mofos in brussels will get their foot under it and give it some air . . 
  sorry , meant to reply to the guy you replied to , saying talking about bucharest when my comment was about the carpathians . 
  ha ha , bet you were a bit confused for a while  ) sorry ... 
  yeah !, 
  boggles the mind , does n't it ? 
  last time i 've checked bucharest was not situated in the carpathians . . , 
  i 'm sorry , ca n't find anything about it in english . 
  only romanian . . 
  they 'll get it in the end , do n't worry . 
  but there has to be a period where the proverbial frog is boiled . 
  romania had a law project to split in autonomous regions based on economic factors . 
  the romanian hungarian minority representatives did n't sustain it because they wanted the delimitation to be done on ethnical criteria . 
  that was frowned upon . 
  right now the project is semi buried but it will pop up again soon enough . . 
  can confirm a clear night sky in the carpathians takes your breath away . . 
  41 degrees celsius forecasted tomorrow in bucharest . 
  that 's gypsies in water fountains weather . . on a serious notes the authorities have for a few years some contingency plans . 
  i see tents where you can have a glass of water or cold tea , check your heart rate , or lye down a little bit more often . . 
  my brother is just finishing a master in dk . 
  he was offered a job in cph . 
  he was planning to leave , but changed his mind and said he feels it ows dk a few years working there and paying taxes . 
  i think that 's a win win . 
  id+a irbnb + lowcosts = easy access to the most beautiful cities on the planet, 
  yeah , pensioners ca n't afford medicine in romania too , and we 're in the eu and have good economic growth . . 
  leave it to the russians to drag an argument on the peaks of the absurd  why is it so hard to say : you 're probably right on this one , i see it now . . 
  i feel it 's pointless to argue over this . 
  let 's agree to disagree . . 
  nobody is forced to learn romanian . 
  they have roughly every service in hungarian including political representation which has governed romania along with coalitions for decades . 
  they are in the opposition atm . 
  romanians in transylvania were forbidden to build stone houses churches , own prime land and so on . 
  you can not with a straight face deny their oppression when you know they did n't have the same rights as others . 
  people tend to do that after centuries of opression . . 
  do you have any ideea how many orthodox priests were secret service informants ? 
  i do n't picture the situation being different for muslims in romania . 
  the leader of the muslims himself talked about the need for surveillance so as extremist views are not disseminated . . 
  lack of control , spying and infiltration . . 
  it 's people dealing with people first and the rule second . 
  example : the doorman to a hospital can make exceptions on the visiting hours of patients if for the risk of allowing an exception he 's tipped accordingly . 
  this is way more rare in the north, 
  i agree . 
  i do n't even understand his logic . . 
  this . 
  you 'll also get detailed recommendations once you 're here and meet some locals . 
  just chill . 
  go with the flow . 
  also do n't worry about safety more than back home . 
  fuck it i 'll buy it for 10k !, 
  fuck 50 room mansions !, 
  i 'm going to be the only dude living in airport !, 
  imagine how cool is having your friends come over and get them to pass security to use the bathroom . 
  oh but i do invite america to fix this one . 
  have 90 billion dollars laying around ? 
  you must have us confused . 
  we 're vampires . 
  but we suck money instead of blood . 
  who does n't love money sucking vampires ? 
  those were the times man !, 
  do n't you feel they do n't make them links like they used to ? 
  you 're like a big ass kidney stone !, 
  that 's so cute !, 
  who does n't love kidney stones ? . . 
  i 'm afraid the east has to catch up before anything like this can be contemplated ... 
  what 's intriguing about this is that the party that made him president , which he would wish to form a government ( they are the opposition now ) has voted for the law and even proposed the most radical tax cut ( the vat cut ) . 
  these events should be regarded keeping tab of this and all my comments are written with this in mind . . 
  a friend once tried to describe germanisness ( yeah , i invented a word ) to me . 
  hey said the typical german will always put rules before people while latins are the other way around . . 
  a lot to inflation is not bad . 
  we are dealing with deflation in romania right now . 
  never thought i 'd live to see the day where i wish for inflation . . 
  he does n't have power to do anything about it but to send it back once . 
  i do n't blame him . 
  but he did it for political reasons , not out of a higher sense of responsability . . 
  but gypsies !, 
  are you slightly retarded ? 
  the parliament can submit a slightly modified version of it and he 's going to be forced to pass it by law . 
  this is just political shenanigans . 
  the new tax cuts might increase the deficit and if things get out of control the new president wants to have the chance to say `` i told you so '', 
  it was a sad day today on the old continent . 
  after extensive searches not one fuck was found to be given nowhere in europe concerning the last imf thoughts . 
  after intense negotiations it was convened that the searches will be stopped . . 
  scorched earth tactics !, 
  we print our own money , that 's the secret . . 
  well as i said before . 
  it is probable we 'll hear about her again when/if she ends her mandate in the eu administration . 
  a eu wide anti corruption agency would be a great idea imho . 
  from what i 've heard romania passes all or close to all technical criteria . 
  the problem is it would instantly become less able to compete with the big boys . 
  my feeling is at the moment we 're stalling in light of recent events . .
