  that would not have been feasible . 
  romania was ( is still ) too poor to tackle these kind of issues on a large scale . 
  delaying ascension would only have increased the chances of renewed russian influence in the balkans and no contact with the black sea . 
  understanding how fucked up that would have been you need only look at the behavior of russia regarding ukraine and imagine that there would n't have been gas and petroleum transit routes option not controlled by russians to western europe . 
  it 's a geopolitical game . 
  the roma ca n't be generalized against because it 's not politically correct but the romanians , in general , are racists ? 
  wtf ? 
  there are tons of integrated , good citizens of roma ethnicity in romania and eastern europe and people have nothing against them . 
  mixed marriage is not rare . 
  a good education and proofs of good skills trump prejudice in finding a job even in romania . 
  there are prejudices against the poorest members of this community who engage in cultural parasitism as a means to survive , and these members of the minority are the ones leaving and begging/stealing etc in the west as it 's more lucrative than back home . 
  not all roma here are like that though . 
  and the reason why there is a very very thin middle class in this minority it 's because of the very culture that permits them to subsist , culture that frowns upon working traditional 8-5 jobs , education and settling down and building a life slowly . 
  if we were to adapt a wordplay used on the blacks in usa : there are gypsies and then there are gypsies . 
  they can be integrated . 
  slowly . 
  at a cost.you 're just seeing the nonintegrated ones . 
  they are hated everywhere , not just here in romania . 
  i do n't think americans will be able to push eu around on this because the blessing and the curse of europe is that it really does n't speak with one voice and for anything controversial to pass one has to engage in state by state lobby which can last decades . 
  everybody just chill the fuck out !, 
  the time for rejoice and blame games is not yet upon us . 
  let 's have a whole year of stable growth in the euro zone and then we can start picking up the pieces and see how we can make sure this can never reach this magnitude again . 
  eastern block suffered sharper contractions than the western states . 
  the situation is still fragile . 
  maybe poland sailed this best but that is an exception . 
  i 'm afraid a facade is a too benign term to be stamped on the eu establishment . 
  it is absolutely clear that they swing the way wind blows following vested interets . 
  lately we 've seen a steady breeze from germany.i am conscious about the lever and muscle it can front when cornered but i am more interested in the way a society ( in my case a small former communist eastern state ) can maneuver all this political bullshit and safeguard against authority from both within and outside . 
  if both sides can keep in check the other i the winner are the people . 
  romanian here . 
  point well taken . 
  but the guilt resides at the eu commission at the same time . 
  if romania would have joined later both the eu and the romanian people would have benefited . 
  on the other hand the political situation in these countries should be carefully followed and at least commented by the eu . 
  recent events have shown us that there is a short path to extremism ( see greece and hungary ) and from there all hell breaks loose . 
  having corrupt governments after another only pushes moderates to extremist parties . 
  somewhere somehow the chain must be broken . 
  aggravated pimpin ' there 's a rapper somewhere that just found his next album name . 
  english makes a lot of sense though . 
  it is the de facto international language of business . 
  in romania a part of the percentage is kept in the shadow with the explicit scope to provide some sort of hands off social protection with full awareness on the politicians side . 
  leaving the possibility to evade a small tax here and there gives the impression that the common man has some degree of freedom , that the state is weak and the citizen can forge his own destiny . 
  in the meantime , while the regular small tax evader declares a smaller sum for the rent of his small one bedroom flat , the plutocracy steals billions . 
  guilty as charged . 
  i wish you all the best sir . 
  i have not called you a bitch i have called you ignorant and elitist . 
  said articles are a google search away . 
  friend , i 'm only saying this because we have gone through centuries of foreign intervention in our affairs . 
  maybe it 's time to sort out shit ourselves . 
  assange fiasco , piratebay , now snowden . 
  your justice system is america 's bitch . 
  period . 
  and i 'm inclined to say it 's not the only client . 
  i am not going to waste time gathering links for you when it 's clear there are serious hints of ignorance about you . 
  you just ca n't wait to climb on that white horse and speak down to me from the height of the moral stature you think you have . 
  please go ahead . 
  people , please , make room , our friend here on this white horse has something to say !, 
  really ? 
  you need extensive explanations ? 
  with links ? 
  everything seems fine to you ? 
  in general restaurants have separate zones for non smoking clients and in the summer bucharest literally flowers with terraces where smoke is not an issue . 
  if you want to enter clubs on the other hand you can not avoid smoke . 
  there are very few open air clubs if this is a huge problem for you , but you must really search for them . 
  if you are on the chill side and enjoy conversations , culinary delights and company of fine people there are series of really nice concept tea shops where smoking is banned . 
  most of the venues are opened till late into the night . 
  they are no regulations on selling alcohol and cigarettes as i said and you can find both at any hour in the kiosks that are opened non stop . 
  also alcohol is dirt cheap . 
  i would go into details about the sex industry but i 'm not the most qualified person to do that . 
  basically , prostitution is not legalized but there are countless small brothels operating under the disquise of erotic massage salons operating in all central areas . 
  they are probably cheaper than in the west . 
  drugs are also not legal but if you know a couple of locals they will probably hook you up with somebody that can provide.we do not have a war on drugs so police is more relaxed concerning soft drugs but use your common sense when consuming . 
  they are same prices or more expensive than in the west . 
  nobody having a war on nightlife here . 
  you can find alcohol and cigarettes virtually anytime anywhere . 
  bulgaria , stop begging for help and handle your shit . 
  you 're embarrassing us . 
  you need to fix this , not somebody from outside . 
  sincerely , rom\u00e2nia . 
  i do n't think the justice system in sweden is independent . 
  other countries besides those listed also fit the bill . 
  i do n't think the justice system is independent . 
  hungary , almost got there in romania , greece , portugal , sweden and these are the countries i 'm aware of . 
  there surely are others . 
  you ca n't turn a system like this on a dime . 
  the investments are just too aggressive . 
  too much . 
  in legendary romanian tradition , nobody thought of the consequences . 
  the whole situation may change though if high capacity cheap energy storage solution come into the equation . 
  probably the freest country in the eu . 
  nigga ' please !, 
  the mayor of piatra neam\u0163 , romania ( the one shitfaced drunk that is sticking money on the forehead of the singer ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dogpb2kfrjc and i do n't wan na even start with radu mazare : http://goo.gl/nl1bv, 
  romania here : a deputy who tried to form a ring of corrupt judges to control the justice system in romania was sentenced to 7 years with out the possibility of parole . 
  welcome brothers !, 
  there is absolutely no justification for asking a bribe to save a human life or help a child in need . 
  you can try to spin it however you like . 
  this is still corruption . 
  and the problem is not how much we pay , but how many of us are paying , for how many , and how they use the money . 
  to close this . 
  while you have made some valid points this is a discussion best kept for other occasions .
