  this, 
  you know , i know crimeea is a clusterfuck and i think even the west had admitted in closed rooms that russia has some understandable interests in the area but the way it was handled ... fuck . 
  it showed that putin is willing use force and shit on treaties , international law , deals with partners everything to get what it wants . 
  these `` understandable interests '' may be invoked in other cases , in other regions at will and the population will stand by him and i am sure uneducated folks from deep russia would have no moral issues in climbing on a tank ( provided a better paycheck than what 's available in their collapsed monoeconomic towns ) and slay the `` western devils '' with an ak in their right arm and a cross in the left . 
  i say this because i know the mentality of uneducated morons in romania . 
  they can be easily manipulated to serve obscure interests , and they are used at every election to swing political dick . 
  mix with that religion , or worse , political involved religious leaders and you have a very chilly wind coming from the east . . 
  in contrast an educated population , a solid middle class and an active civil society , an objectively informed population would reduce risk for situations where the masses are used as weapons . 
  i really hope there are more russians with common sense and this wo n't evolve further because if it does it 's not going to be a small clash . 
  violence breeds violence and war spreads like wildfire ... 
  the sad part is russians somehow feel obligated to defend their establishment these days , and that puts a very dark shadow on the russian society and mentality . 
  remember how contested was bush back in the days by americans . 
  i would be happy too see that in case of putin , but no ... 
  what did gorbachev do ? 
  get one or a group of european mp to put forward a legislation project . 
  slowly grind and win more mp 's , wait years for it to gain traction and enough votes , negotiate all the issues raised by various states and finally put it to a vote and win by margin of a few votes ...  or something like that, 
  a paneuropean fbi with jurisdisctions beyond that of interpol ... that would be something ... 
  well , we 're eastern and orthodox and certainly putin is not our hero , so serbs should speak for themselves ... 
  well , i 'd say the retarded one would be the one who does n't understand a simple phrase which state that brits `` seem '' retarded , not that they are ... 
  brits are are going out of their way to seem retarded lately . 
  do n't be . 
  politicians are scum all over the planet . 
  i said happier ... 
  oh but there is . . because it 's not all about having more and better . . stuff . 
  it 's not necessary about standard of living ( although that matters a lot too ) . 
  it 's about the fact that people in the west are happier , leave fuller lives , are healthier more caring and friendly with each other on a medium . 
  from the perspective of the individual that is , i guess , the main objective . 
  to live a happy live . 
  the answer was given numerous times . 
  autonomy on ethnic principles is unacceptable . 
  the hungarian minority is represented at the highest level in romania , the hungarian party udmr being present in governments all but a few of the last 25 years , defending the rights of this minority . 
  romania is an exemplary state regarding minority rights , and the romanian people are one of the most tolerant in all europe . 
  hateful speech , extremism , antisemitism , racism , xenophobism , fascism etc are condemned and not allowed in the civilized world . 
  i do n't know where you live but you might start thinking to find a place to move if such a thing is encouraged in your country . 
  we still have a lot to go before refusing entry for the president like slovakia . 
  it shows that we do not condone and tolerate such behaviour like all of civilized europe . 
  what the hungarians do in their country it 's their business and these individuals were not in official duty while here . 
  there 's no row . 
  it 's just a bunch of extremist assholes being forbidden to enter the country to pick a fight . 
  this is just like with football hooligans . 
  i think that would be a good idea , but i do n't see the political vision at home for this to happen . 
  i think russians have inflicted more `` loot , plunder and rape '' on themselves than any other nation did or could do . 
  and they also inflicted it on others ( the amount vs others is debatable but does n't make it excusable on any size ), 
  and let 's not forget the complete loss of credibility . 
  nobody will deal with the russian the same way for decades . 
  as for germany , as long as they play both ends they will get continuous fire in the eu and that can weaken their position as dominant shots caller . 
  they will play it very , very safe . 
  the french are waiting for a chance to step to the podium again . 
  i think if by miracle russia would be conquered by americans or europeans you would be better off . 
  you are the biggest country on the planet , have practically unlimited resources , a strong human capital and yet have an economy the size of the uk . 
  you have no excuse to preach to the world nothing as long as you do n't show the world a better societal model . 
  that 's romania , and bulgaria , and much of poland , some parts of hungary , maybe croatia too and i 'm sure of others . . 
  as a romanian this is reassuring . 
  the situation in eastern europe is indeed very complicated . 
  there are dozens of ethnic groups concentrated in this zone . 
  this is the reason so many wars stated here . 
  it is a very fragile stability , achieved with lots of blood spill , and everybody here is sick of war and turmoil . 
  yeah , basically you must implement all the laws , but do n't have a vote . 
  it sucks , but i totally understand your position . 
  iceland has the same issues regarding fishing , that 's why they have close the negotiations this round . 
  that is an epic understatement !, 
  you fail so hard you win an upvote !, 
  do n't let numbers fool you . 
  eu 's defense budget , besides being smaller is spread thinner , less efficiently and on inferior technology . 
  the true test of eu 's defense resolve was lybia . 
  it showed us clearly that the eu has real difficulties in projecting hard power even on relatively close operation theaters . 
  as to eastern states fear , let me paint a picture of how real it is . 
  i live in romania . 
  near us to the east lies moldova , the second romanian state . 
  moldova is a part of the historical province with the same name ( the other half which resides in romanian borders is also . 
  naturally called moldova ) . 
  it has been anexed in 1940 by the soviets which proceeded with an accelerated russification of this territory . 
  presently they have a significant russian minority . 
  with the same tactics the russian have started a separatist conflict on the estern border in transnistria where there are more russians . 
  romania hopes that sometimes in the future the two states would unite similar to the german model . 
  the roadmap for this as romania is integrated in western structures would , at first be , moldova 's eu ascension . 
  and this year moldova managed to sign , as ukraine was preparing to , the eu trade agreeement . 
  this was received by the russians with the same approach as it has been in ukraine . 
  the deal went through , but in light of the recent events i do n't think they will let it slide . 
  they are just momentarily preoccupied with ukraine . 
  they can always ignite the frozen conflict in transnistria , which will make eu ascension impossible . 
  a lot of moldova 's citizens are also romanian citizens by birthright and by blood right . 
  so you see how russian actions has an impact on eu citizens , and plans directly . 
  it 's hard for people in countries that had not deal with the russians to understand what a plague they 've been and why a lot of the eastern bloc is allergic and paranoid about them . . edit : also the us supports the defense effort of romania and poland for example a lot stronger than the eu . 
  being more independent of the us is the last thing countries like romania and poland want . 
  romanian here . 
  same feeling here . 
  was just talking with friends about the fact that we need additional security besides nato . 
  if shit hits the fan i have serious doubts that french or brits would send their sons to die for poles and romanians . 
  i 'm also distrustful of germany as they are dealing with the russian over eastern europe 's head , as always . 
  do you think a military alliance in the eastern block would make sense ? 
  all easterners suffer from it . 
  civilizational impotence guilt trip i guess . 
  why the fuck would the eu would want to become more independent of the us . 
  i 'm baffled . 
  you do realize the us , momentarily , is our army ? 
  you do realize that the shit russians are pulling in crimea is applicable in multiple regions ? 
  i guess tusk is right . 
  can germany not see that the entire eastern block has serious concerns over security ? 
  i do n't think it will come to this .
