  but it does fucking help . . 
  yes but eastern europe bestest !, 
  in some places , gypsies stroll through the streets yelling that they will take any rusted or old iron or steel things . 
  they have a distinct chant . 
  they 're yelling : fiare luam !, 
  ( we take iron ! ) . 
  that 's the sound i associate with romania . . 
  this is a spit in the face of french and european values . . 
  i smell tax avoidance . . 
  appreciate the post op . 
  life is similar for a lot of good dudes north of the border too . 
  let me just say that i have absolutely no doubt that you will do way better in the future . 
  for a whole lot of corporate jobs for example the skills you displayed in writing this post are well above the skills of the majority of their workforce . 
  the first thing you need to do though is to learn to market yourself better . 
  as you know the web is filled with advice on how to do that . 
  also , try to expand your search areas . 
  you should have more than a few position you target complemented by a few backup ones . 
  you should send out cv 's to places where they do n't actively recruit and try to find out about jobs through different channels . 
  social media can get you close to the companies and people you would want to work for . 
  it 's a lot of effort but it will pay off . 
  you know what they say . 
  looking for a job is a job in itself . 
  work your ass off !, 
  no motivation at this point . 
  damage control . 
  the eu is totally incapable of securing it 's borders . 
  admitting is political suicide and could spell the end of schengen and maybe even the whole eu project . 
  the alternative is mass deployment of armies at the border . 
  that would be very very expensive and reveal the disastrous state of the armies of multiple states . 
  that would also require immense political effort with a largely diminished political capital of the german leadership . 
  it would also require solidarity from a bunch of states for which it was denied just a few short years ago in the euro crisis by the aforementioned german leaders . 
  if i remember correctly it was somewhere around 20 eur . 
  and as i needed to go to the states i imagine it had all the bells and whistles . 
  it only lasts for a year though . 
  you need to get it renewed or transformed to a normal one which will last you a few years . . 
  oh , forgot to mention it was made as an emergency . 
  it usually takes longer that that . 
  you need to pay a small fee for that though . 
  far from expensive . . 
  wtf it took 3 days in the nightmare romanian bureaucracy . . 
  let me put it this way . 
  the most popular food in bucharest is shaorma . . 
  umm , has it been so long since the balkan war, 
  it wo n't be long until it happens to us you know . 
  there are already significant labor shortages in several industries . 
  this puts pressure on the salaries . 
  as they increase a part of those that have left will return and on top we 'll start to receive immigration . 
  i predict less than 10 years before it 's noticeable . 
  unions tend to break in chunks not in pieces . . 
  what reforms are you talking about mate ? 
  more precisely . 
  i only heard about cutting benefits to eastern europeans . 
  cameron 's career is already over irrelevant of the referendum results and the uk will stay in the eu irrelevant of the results . . 
  whoa !, 
  and that 's all that russia can ever do for you . 
  resemble you . . 
  but what about laws for '' travellers !, 
  nobody is really pointing at the large numbers of integrated gypsies because there is no story in that . . 
  there goes his political platform down the shitters ... 
  jokes on you !, 
  we still managed to deliver some hungarians in the chart when you were not looking !, 
  it 's geographical position . 
  i would move it around belgium 's coordinates . 
  realisticly , i would drop taxes on profits abd dividends dramatically . . 
  did they ever had it so they can lose it ? 
  did they ever wanted it ? 
  i did n't really get it . 
  so they propose to have people working 10 hours a day for 6 days a week or 5 hours a day for 6 days per week . 
  10 hours a day for 6 days a week is at slave labor standards, 
  what has russia done in the last 2 decades exact to deserve respect ? 
  it still is a generator of disorder an suffering to the world . 
  if it were for them to make the list again this would be a world wonder . 
  you just got to see this thing in person . 
  it is beyond impressive . . 
  countrysides will stay roughly the same . 
  the big cities will cross pollinate like always . 
  the biggest impact on diversity will always be lead by technology and the biggest threat rests in your hand . . 
  they 're gearing up to a full bread dictatorship with the isolation that it entails . . 
  i personally am against it . 
  but i do like most of the romanian ethnics moldovans i 've met being raised up close to the border with moldova in the romanian moldova . . 
  moldova obviously . 
  it 's our eastern germany . 
  we also like to think we 're bros with bulgaria and serbia . 
  let 's not forget the subprime bubble and greece . 
  i do n't think all those losses have been written off yet . . 
  the question is not who is core but rather who is hardcore !, 
  the scottish dollar !, 
  first time i 've the term afro-russian . 
  how are black people living in europe called ? 
  i bet those afro-poles are cool , 
  so we 're at monkeys throwing shit at each other levels again . . 
  it 's very possible for the brits to loose scotland . 
  it 's in scots interest to vote the uk out as afterwards it is way easier to secede . 
  the uk could find itself called on the bluf . . 
  they probably can opt out in case of a secession . . 
  this will put pressure on romania to also join . 
  we are avoiding it . 
  very curious to see how we 're going to dodge it . . 
  good luck . 
  it 's been how many centuries already ?
