  i think hitler has its share of fans too . 
  as for the russians . 
  they are a masochist bunch . 
  . . but a bitch ai n't one, 
  in romania the ambasadors are very proeminent figures . 
  nowadays the dutch ambasador is the most influent but i guess when the new us ambasador arrives or will take it place . 
  as we love to talk and debate anything to death , the ambassadors are commonly integrated in the conversation and asked to emit opinions sometimes on the most frivolous of things . 
  that 's how they become fairly notorious . . 
  as more and more and more of us die on the roads there are less left to die hence improved statistics . . 
  a very lucid analysis . . 
  belarus : at least we ai n't russia !, 
  i think romania also has the example of moldova and transnistria both basically failed states . . 
  oh , hungary is an oligarchic republic . 
  guess that explains why it wants to be friends to the other oligarchic republic . . 
  why ? 
  the botox is strong in this one . . 
  yes . 
  russia would have probably ended at the urals , with the rest of it split between the us , japan and china and some independent parts . 
  no shit sherlock . . 
  i 'm sure in the locations where dairy farms function there are usually tons of jobs . . 
  poland the did the og anschlus, 
  russian civil society has no swing . 
  to build one that can influence politics takes decades . 
  in the meantime any approach will seem like rewarding aggression and will antagonize all eastern european countries that feel threatened by russia . 
  ukraine will probably implode if the clear picture of a reaching hand fades from sight and we will not achieve anything . 
  at this stage , at least for a decade if not more any contact with russia is poisonous . . 
  yeah . 
  i know . 
  wo n't do much good though . 
  nobody will be punished . . 
  and mail bribes . . 
  this is just retarded . . 
  the whole world knew right from the start . 
  if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck it ai n't a fucking horse . . 
  you can see the path of the mongols towards europe . . 
  germany , romania make riffle for you . 
  good riffle this . 
  fire in water , fire in sand , fire in the head of enemy . 
  if want fight russians , fire with fire fight , they scared of riffle , they know what riffle be do . 
  yeah !, 
  let it creep to orban !, 
  i really pray something like what happened in turkey with erdogan wo n't happen in hungary . . 
  like europe ? 
  you beat bucharest to it . 
  ours might be ready by 2020 . 
  creeping ahead ? 
  really ? 
  there are 67 restaurants spread all over the country . 
  not that many people really . 
  one thing about mcdonalds restaurants is their location . 
  a lot of them have top notch locations . 
  you can feel how fucked up the business is if even with these prime location they are still bleeding money . 
  kebab and shaorma are killing them . . 
  small dicks need to work it harder !, 
  this is good for bitcoin !, 
  democracy just does n't stick to russians . 
  then we should rephrase . 
  she had hungarian in her !, 
  the name of the head of dna is kovesi . 
  we 're actually already lending them from you  you have it in you guys !, 
  it 's a damn shame what these fuckers pull on your end too !, 
  wow . 
  it 's indeed very extensive and well thought . 
  happy fucking french dudes !, 
  can this shit lead to orban ? 
  he probably dipped the tip himself or more likely went balls deep . 
  this explains why he was so incisive to convert swiss francs credits to euros . . 
  can you give some examples . 
  i 'm genuinely intrigued , 
  yeah . 
  ques where you wait for hours are intensely romantic . 
  it 's been said that before half of europe 's population was conceived waiting to pass borders . 
  there 's something that makes everybody horny when you know you need to show your passport . 
  we would probably see a new show called last gear or similar with him at a different network and later on the rest will probably follow . . 
  i hop it 's not russian though . . 
  the show it 's not about cars . 
  it 's about them . . 
  it 's in the realm of possibility that romania will improve and get ahead of it in next year 's reports . . shit is going down for a couple of months . . 
  damn ukraine !, 
  color me impressed . 
  number 4 is some next level shit !, 
  and let me tell you i 'm not fazed easily . 
  i 've seen some shit down here in romania too !, 
  they were so straight they were gay , 
  i thought everyone agreed that the west is hypocritical , but they 're our hypocrites . 
  what the hell do they have against women ? 
  what is the argument ? 
  in the meantime apple is preparing to launch a car . 
  after what happened to nokia i can understand the concern . 
  american technologal provess must not be underestimated . 
  they have , after all plenty of german blood . . 
  no , there are tons of old towns built centuries before cars were invented that kept much of the original planning rendering them useless for all but mopeds traffic . . 
  sexual harassment is rarely reported in spite of the fact that sexist jokes and sexual innuendo are omnipresent in the romanian office . 
  maybe because romanian women are also very combative and have their wits about them . 
  most of them can easily fend off uncomfortable conversation . . 
  yeah . 
  and russia never entered ukraine . 
  ukraine entered it . . 
  i agree but it would be nice to be able to gather support among your own for example to sanction russia , without being shown hypocritical and laughed upon because you pulled the same shit only a few years ago . . 
  so we should give them more excuses to do it then . .
