  there are also some who came due to having a husband or wife from here . 
  there is a group who comes and buys property in scenic landscapes , usually older folks . 
  same in romania . 
  we have our fair share of italians , spaniards , french and others . . 
  stereotypes most probably coupled with lack of contact . 
  gypsies have a lot of hustles . 
  selling magazines is rare . 
  the most common poster hustle ( the ones lots of people notice ) right now in bucharest is parking help . 
  bucharest has a big parking spaces problem and in central areas gypsies ( and not only gypsies ) will guide to a free parking spot which they spot waiting in the street and demand money as if it 's theirs to rent . 
  another one is selling flowers or chinese crap at stops . . 
  there are some eerily beautiful villages in transilvania that seem stuck in time . 
  if you are into that and into mountains you wo n't be disappointed . 
  do n't miss brasov , sibiu and sighisoara . . 
  what are you into ? 
  add that to a lot of shit concerning the danube border at the black sea and the whole serpent island affair . . 
  so . . rich europe and poor europe . . 
  we got to anschluss moldova first !, 
  i guess you 're right . 
  no one really hates you , but there are a lot of people that dislike some facets of swiss cultures , cough cough , the banking sector . . 
  umm , are you sure ? 
  i trust him . 
  he is also one of the greats . 
  nooo !, 
  damn i loved that woman . 
  we have a lost a genius . 
  i hope that her studio can continue her legacy and continue to make our cities more beautiful . . 
  i would argue renault is a bit better than peugeot . 
  peugeot is renowned for reliability issues here too . . 
  gps and computers so they can follow a laid out track without the need of a driver for example . 
  air conditioning . 
  etc, 
  putin has yachts the size of airports . . 
  syria is way way more fucked than iraq already . . 
  yeah , good luck with that . . 
  you obviously have no idea of the capabilities of european states militaries . . and overestimate the russians, 
  mate , if the wars today are fought with sophisticated weapons technology and tactical planing allow me to reinforce my belief that europe is well placed to build such things and think of the best ways to deploy them . 
  i also think experience from ww2 is still actual concerning the type of warfare waged in the middle east . 
  that 's where you 're wrong ... 
  let me stop you right there . 
  there is an actor that uses terrorism against europe with the help of infiltrators and traitors . 
  stopping terrorism for good of course is untenable but greatly reducing the frequency by liquidating the actor that uses this technique of warfare against you is very much in the realm of the possible . 
  the hard question is , would you be willing to see your country loose a few percent of its gdp for several years to finance the liquidation of said actor ? 
  all this talk about europe being weak . 
  i pity the ones targeted by an europe committed to wage war . 
  these countries are built on nothing but carnage , war , genocide and violence on an industrial scale and on a global theater . 
  they have extensive experience in it . 
  terrorism is a form of warfare too so the name is irrelevant . 
  as the answer to it so far . . 
  maybe it would have been more devastating . 
  more locations , more people . 
  which means that there is a real possibility the cell is bigger and we have more of them alive and on the loose . . 
  yeah ? 
  i can make predictions too . . 
  here 's one . 
  there will be new attacks in europe !, 
  i think they 're not much different than others in eastern europe . 
  excellent answer . 
  hats off . . 
  i have no idea how in the fuck we ended up saying da while ukrainians are saying tak . . 
  i guess the eastern european immigrants witch hunt has left some marks . . 
  what 's the average family size in the uk ? 
  950000 jobs means 950000 families . 
  this is insane . 
  that kind of number of sudden job seekers will create massive distortions in the market . 
  and a weak euro is good for germany . . 
  they 'll be raped in the negotiations . 
  they need to take at least a few years off . . 
  he 's not . 
  that 's kinda sad actually . . 
  tourism is on a whole other level in bulgaria . 
  we 're not 10 but 20 years behind concerning that sector . 
  im sure there are others . . 
  a lot of incest happened though . . 
  even if so , the british press would still lead the lot . . 
  one of the motives the us invests military in europe is that europe does n't become best buddy with russia i think . . 
  turkey will probably pay dearly for this along the way . . look at greece . . 
  you mean the one in 2008 ? 
  no , not a lot . 
  it is as if it never happened . . 
  meet the english press . 
  a pile of vile filth . . 
  wow !, 
  rooms must be tiny . 
  i would go with spanish ( if you 're not from a lesson background ) . 
  here 's why . 
  the romance languages are very similar , chances are if you learn one you 'll be able to understand quite a bit of the rest . 
  so if you know spanish you basically also know a little italian , romanian , portuguese etc. . 
  that 's aprox 33m2 right ? 
  is that a one room plus a small kitchen and a bathroom ? 
  wtf !, 
  it almost doubled the bitcoins price !, 
  human stupidity is infinite . . 
  orthodox priests are allowed and encouraged to have wives and as many kids as they can . 
  seems priests did a lot of fucking in romania . . 
  what do russians know about creeping expansion ? 
  we might just make it , 
  da fuck is this ? 
  directia nationala anticoruptie = national anticorruption directorate, 
  is it ? 
  do you have any idea what that would even mean ?
