  i worked on the street named after him in bucharest . 
  expectations confirmed . 
  your comment was about russia not about you personally and putin has the support of the majority if the population . 
  individual russians that are cool and chill are welcomed everywhere . 
  they 're great friends and down to earth people from my experience . 
  the gopniks though not so much , and they 're in great majority . 
  how about 8 years ? 
  no thanks , we all know what happens when russians take vacations . 
  how is the regime with russia now ? 
  yeah , not sure it fits here  ), 
  torrents . 
  fuck orban . 
  who is in team orban ? 
  exactly . 
  you 're right . 
  there should be specific clauses that detail the fact that if acts are done in geografic areas that are predominantly planes are to be treated differently . 
  of course everyone in these circumstances will be treated the same . 
  he said it early in the campaign . 
  i got to hand it to the cretin . 
  at least he 's predictable . 
  want to know the next stupid shit he 'll do ? 
  watch the campaign speeches . 
  trump is making house of cards writers seem that they like imagination, 
  the deal was actually a genius move for the us which is at least a decade ahead in the transition in key sectors ( autos being the most evident ) . 
  you would pay some cash upfront but the lead on most of the other nations would make up for it in the medium term . 
  the extra pressure on the economy to realign would also be beneficial on the medium to long term . 
  let 's not fool ourselves , the trends point to the right direction already with solar reaching parity with coal . 
  the first ones over the line would profit more . 
  trump just hit the brakes hard on what is at the moment a gold rush for the established players in this new economy . 
  the planet being fucked is just a background to a transition due a few decades that 's unavoidable that plays on notes of hundred billion dollars . 
  it 's still about money and trump is selling you for cheap change . 
  it 's not like anyone can verify the execution of the agreement in russia . 
  they 're going to eat whatever numbers russia provides and play the sharade . 
  a course of action not available to the new clown in town . 
  putin is going to throat fuck this orange fat prick on the world stage for everyone to see and though we should enjoy it it 's a really bad omen for the free world . 
  what does apfel have in common with jabuka and why are they both pink ? 
  welcome back to the stage france !, 
  we really missed you !, 
  actually i do n't shop there budget consciously . 
  i actually really like some of the lines of products ( pastries and sweets ), 
  never seen that in a lidl here . 
  i actually prefer carrefour or cora for the hypermarket experience ( a full round of shopping ) but lidl and mega for quick top ups . 
  i love lidl for a few categories of products . 
  pastries , sweets and cheap household tools . 
  i have near my home which i frequently visit . 
  we do n't have aldi in romania and i was wondering if we 're missing out . 
  which is better ? 
  fuck yeah bros !, 
  one of many reasons we and the serbs are incurably bros. 
  they 're playing in the little league  ), 
  what ? 
  ee is like the bible belt on holy steroids . 
  i 'm sorry , the furniture is just attrocious . 
  we 're going to follow the germans . 
  our president is an ethnic german . 
  we can share the french stockpile in the meantime . 
  they would be open to sharing the costs . 
  read that tchehia as you 'd read tchaikovsky . . 
  coming from hungary , yes , 
  lie in your cv . 
  lie like a politician at the start of the campaign !, 
  now do harry potter !, 
  in case of a hard brexit the millions of ee immigrants are going to get it . 
  britain has leverage on ee . 
  my bad , but you know what i mean , 
  i 'd pay to see a visit if the luxembourg presidential family in saudi arabia . 
  i find all these gesture interpretation purely stupid . 
  even more stupid is the fact that there actual leaders that put value in shit like this . 
  actually building nukes is not acrually that hard . 
  the principle and technology is well understood . 
  gathering the fuel and processing it is harder and incidentally the carrier missile is the hardest part of the problem, 
  if nato dissolves at least one country in ee is going nuclear and there will probably be a new local military alliance in ee . 
  do n't fucking elect orban no more . 
  when i 've read they 're using little girls my suspicion of the ethnicity was confirmed . 
  ha ha , came looking for this precise comment from a german , 
  the majority of them went ahead and formed the romanian state . 
  abject poverty and no birth control probably . 
  it 's not my claim , but the claim of people more intelligent than both us . 
  a lot of more intelligent people . 
  a lot . 
  he he , was wondering if somebody notices it . 
  i suspect you to be retarded . 
  bangladesh has a lot of territory under the sea level and it 's naturally prone to flooding even without global warming . 
  it had once in a century floods in 88 and then again in 98 , 2004 , 2007 and 2010 . 
  ignorance does not make an argument . 
  read , inform yourself : http://www.coolgeography.co.uk/a-level/aqa/year%2012/rivers_floods/flooding/bangladesh/bangladesh.htm, 
  sorry i posted a reply to yoyr comment when i meant to post it at the comment you replied trying to underline the fact that real tough child protection laws ( authoritarian ) already exist , it does n't start with mandatory vaccinations . 
  no dude . 
  but when thw waters come 100 million people will need to move . 
  besides a few notable exception all the westerners would be in more dire predicaments if not for immigration . 
  how dare eu back itself ? 
  what 's the country that will be most affected by global warming ? 
  surprise !, 
  it 's bangladesh !, 
  some numbers that float around . 
  population :160 million . 
  75 % of the country under water in 2050 . 
  dhaka , the capital flooded in 10-15 years . 
  population of dhaka : 14 million . 
  2 million refugees + immigrants almost broke europe .
