  antonescu , friend of the jews . 
  that cracked me up  bad , bad reporting . 
  same for romanians , and they are at the oposite end . 
  the games has changed . 
  it 's not who has the biggest country , the most numerous people , but who manages to create the highest prosperity and living standard . 
  it 's often an advantage to have a smaller state . 
  yep . 
  that 's the sound . 
  i think writing it this way would get a close pronunciation from a regular english speaking fellow : peeahzzah . 
  pls correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  oh my friends , as a romanian i was confused about what country are you talking about . 
  it is as i was listening to my friends talk about my country . 
  take comfort in the thought that you are not the only one . 
  the entire eastern block is fucked up big time . 
  listened to people from croatia speaking the same words that came from your mouths . 
  hungarians , though slightly better curse the corruption all day long . 
  do n't even get me started on the greeks and fuck the `` noble '' italians preaching to us while they had a fucking mobster running the country for so long . 
  i sometimes contemplate a concept i call `` the institution of reset '' this concept grants the right of the citizens to have a reset box present on every ballot on every election organized . 
  if at anytime the 50 % +1 of the votes casted go in favor of the reset the whole line up of candidates loses the right to partake in elections for the next 10 years ( could be more ) and the winner of the new round of clean election has the obligation to change all administration ( people who leave the administration are also forbidden to work in administration for a sufficient period of time ) but that 's just daydreaming in a captive state . 
  as a romanian i feel you bro . 
  if only our states had the money to take into custody the kids which are not offered a decent level of care by their parrents . 
  take away the kids , you break the chain . 
  take for example moldova . 
  in a sea of red , it is doing way better than the rest . 
  taken account of the fact that the population of moldova is composed by romanians and russian ethnics ( with their customs , religion and culture ) i do n't see how and why it 's doing way better . 
  i also have strong doubts about the quality of the data used to draw this map . 
  i am pretty confident that eastern europe data is massaged to hide poor quality healthcare . 
  shit just does n't add up . 
  mother of god !, 
  that there is street art at it 's finest !, 
  yeah . 
  i would wait till a year or two after obama gets reelected before jumping to conclusions . 
  it 's too early to tell . 
  trade agreements that export massive amounts of profits from said countries . 
  trade agreements that make it fairly easy to monopolize banking , energy and public services sector by western europe corporations . 
  trade agreements that open up huge new markets for the products of the west made in `` made to order '' regulation regimes that crush local products and industries that simply do n't have the capital to upgrade to meet new regulation and ca n't compete and so on and so on . 
  nigga ' please !, 
  the balkans always have been and always will be the edge of the empire , whether it was the roman , the otoman , russian or the new franco-german one . 
  no empire seems to be satisfied without them . 
  so dutch extremist parties can eat all the bullshit they want , it is not in their power or the dutch to do much . 
  `` alea iacta est '' and may i say , this is the case for a while now . 
  epic post op !, 
  i find the northern balkans surprisingly homogeneous . 
  i do n't think this i accurate . 
  can not upvote enough , 
  yeah , let 's just go ahead and call facts here people . 
  it 's the gypsies . 
  you know . 
  we know , and we understand . 
  although not everybody will say it loudly , this is the cause for general population resentment ( that is speculated by extremist groups and party with leverage in the political spectrum ) in countries opposing the schengen ascension . 
  the thing is , i as a romanian , am disgusted by some things this culture spits out as well as the next euro guy but what the fuck can we do ? 
  they have the same rights as all of us . 
  all attempts to civilize and integrate them seem to fail . 
  at least that 's happened for the last 20 years here . 
  i do n't know of any way to democratically dismantle a culture and i really hope that in the event of another turbulence in europe they do n't become the next jews . 
  maybe we as romanians are too tolerant ... with the gypsies , with corruption and our politicians and we 're paying for it . 
  yep i think this clearly explains the gypsy vs native population all over eastern europe . 
  it 's the same in romania . 
  prosperity has a way to atenuate problems like this i think . 
  as poverty augments them . 
  i 'm positive . 
  maybe not in 20 years , but it will eventually . 
  think about the fact that there were talks even about turkey . 
  in that light bih seems rather a sweet pill . 
  the only way it 's forward . 
  anything less than a federal state will have china and russia pissing all over any smaller state . 
  the euro will survive , the alternative is cataclysmic . 
  all of the former yougoslavian states will join in time as well as macedonia . 
  if the establishments in bucharest and sofia would have any balls they would disintegrate the borders between them and move all camps on the outsides borders as a sign of determination . 
  well you might want to take count of the fact that probably people writing here are middle class and we all know that the poor are hit first . 
  also i suspect that not many of them are working in manufacturing , another category vulnerable . 
  a very wise man but i think this stuff must pass some votes first , 
  the things i 'd like to hear about are the plans that are in place if your last sentence turns to fact  at this moment i get a feel that nobody wants to talk about the `` unthinkable '' . 
  to me it sounds like we 're talking about having a few patches for a boat with a thousand holes . 
  i do n't think europe has the speed , the focus or the will to respond to a serious bank run in any of the big southern economies . 
  i also do n't think anybody is safe . 
  the tides turn very quickly and fire starts in inconspicuous places . 
  just look at what happens with the banks in france right now . 
  it 's a mind game with the markets and the markets divide and conquer . 
  romania, 
  well , i 'm from rom\u00e2nia . 
  if we are to go to a contest on this i think rom\u00e2nia , bulgaria , greece and why not hungary and italy would put up a fierce fight for the number one spot . 
   beautiful protests you had there by the way . 
  i only hope that they do n't die and that others too follow the exemple . 
  cheers . 
  my friend , your words could very well come from people in half of the european countries . 
  what makes you think the blokes in brussels are any different ? 
  we have been hit hard in 2009/2010 as we were also sitting on a housing bubble . 
  i did some calculations a few months ago and came up with the conclusions that the correction in standard of living was about 30 % -40 % . 
  we had the luck to have an establishment close to dictatorship that managed to execute horrific cuts in wages and benefits . 
  we increased vat from 19 to 24 % and shitload of other taxes . 
  gas prices climbed with 20-30 % . 
  state workers had their revenues basically halved . 
  in 2011 we thought we reached the floor and a little optimism started to arise . 
  at this moment most of us realize that the hole is much deeper and the abyss is staring us in the face . 
  europe is so interconnected right now that to think that what happens in a corner does n't affect the other corners is like thinking that if you have cancer in one organ you will be ok if you just extirpate it . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  it is acknowledged in lots of circles that the minimum pain solution is deeper integration . 
  the kind of deeper integration where ~ ~ germany ~ ~ brussels is in charge of the money of weaker states , where and how to spend it and so on . 
  this will never fly in countries like italy or spain .
