  arguably because of antibiotics resistant bacteria caught in the penitentiary . . 
  well that means he needs to sign 2/3 trade deals per year . 
  good luck with that . . 
  ha ha , i wish him good luck to that . 
  the amount of effort , time and experts involved in things like these is staggering . 
  he does n't have the time and the man power . 
  trump just fucking killed tpp literally hours ago . 
  what pacific tilt ? 
  please refresh my memory . 
  who exactly from europe asked the us to fo fight wars in the me ? 
  they even prepared thoroughly for preparing thoroughly setting up standards and drawing plans and scenarios . 
  can the numbers be trusted though ? 
  they would n't be the first fidgeting numbers , most recently and most notably china was revealed overestimating economic growth figures . . 
  that 's dust in the eyes . 
  the criteria are thought in such a way that key politicians that are serving jail time or are being tried as we speak will escape punishment for corruption acts masked by the big number of petty criminals, 
  february might still be cold . 
  i would delay till april/may if possible , i think bucharest looks the best in the spring . 
  protests are very peaceful , consisting mainly in people walking slowly and chanting between 2-3 interest points ( government , parties hq , parliament ), 
  yeah but these internal problems dutchies have are recurrent . 
  romania and bulgaria were denied schengen entry due to internal issues also , inspite meeting all requirements . 
  at this stage the eu has credibility problems . 
  why would the political class in ukraine force reforms and suffer the political ( and probably financial ) fallout if the result will not mean a guaranteed step forward regarding eu integration ? 
  people measuring dicks left and right , i 'm just happy we made it to the chart . 
  well wo n't turning into a tax haven mean that at least at the beginning the national budget would take a serious hit ? 
  and would n't that hit come on top of whatever damage the economy will take due to a hard brexit ? 
  to add insult to injury , would n't a most likely further depreciated pound just make everything even worse ? 
  i sincerely wonder how can this be pulled off without sacrificing a generation on the altar of austerity . 
  come on . 
  we went through a bitch of a crisis . . 
  oh please , you 'll be fine . 
  uk wo n't become greece . 
  so inward they just signed a fta with canada ... 
  let me go ahead an translate through all the bullshit in the article . 
  it actually says : brits do n't want gypsies and eastern european dirt poor `` red necks '' . 
  all of this shit did n't start because of polish mechanical engineers or romanian heart surgeons who went there but because of the poorest and stupidest of eastern europe being allowed to beg , steal or slave away in their cities and posh towns . 
  let 's not miss the forest because of the trees . 
  and let 's not be hypocritical in arguing that if faced with the same choice most of western european countries would n't choose the canzuk countries too . 
  brit hating is fashionable . 
  i am guilty of placing some mean comments here and there myself but in this case i do n't think they 're alone thinking this way . 
  in truth the eu just repeated what was said from the begining . 
  no free movement / no single market . 
  the british press is for sale . 
  with enough money op for example can publish an article stating that his prick is 2 feet long . 
  so the title should read the anti corruption fight in romania is attacked by the corrupt in british newspapers . 
  as fine as they are today . 
  prime . 
  they ca n't . 
  well that 's a very simplistic view of it . 
  do you want me to detail why the romanians hate russia for example ? 
  hint . 
  it has very little to do with ukraine . 
  nato was obsolete but things are in the habit of returning in fashion in cycles . 
  this time it was actually the russian fashion trend setters that made it hip again by dressing in green and traveling through other countries to spread the style . 
  i think you 'll only manage to get despised and disliked . 
  nobody will touch russia as long as they have a functional nuclear deterent and russia not only will not go to war with nato but it will , most probably , sign a pact with it against china . 
  i find it unavoidable down the road , and you can sense it in the cautious rhetoric , ( russia has not been demonised as in the past ) and slow response of the west to the ukrainian war and the rest of the stuff russia has been pulling recently . 
  russians of course know this too , and are trying to chip in as many small wins till the line is drawn . 
  the price of such collosal deals , are of course , things like crimea , small scale civil wars and the likes . 
  what i 'd want russians to realise though , is that business wise it 's much much better to be respected , than to be feared . 
  just out of curiosity ? 
  what percent of the russian population is of mongoloid/asian descent ? 
  what 's the split in the dna pie ? 
  recent past events have shown us that the euro and the union are much much more resilient than all the choir of doom sayers would lead us to believe . 
  wavering through crisis after crisis the eu still stands , still shines . 
  i am starting this year with a feeling of optimism . 
  i think slowly we 'll return to better predicaments and i 'm very curious of the direction we 'll go after the brexit . 
  point well taken . 
  the infamous palace of the people built by ceau\u0219escu in romania has become a landmark and the most visited building in bucharest after being criticized for decqdes for being ugly , too big and obscenely expensive . 
  it doew look awesome in the interior though . . 
  it does look like it fits right in with the surrounding and it 's certainly unique . 
  that being said , with that kind of money you could ld have built something way way more impresive . . 
  i remember a lot of about a dozen refugees caught passing in romania thinking it 's hungary only to start crying when realising . 
  we have a share of about 7k . 
  bring them . 
  let 's see how many stay ... 
  taking the load ? 
  what the fuck did germany do when italy and greece were getting full of them ? 
  have you heard them then proposing a europe wide split of refugees ? 
  germany is absolutely not the victim in this clusterfuck . 
  switzerland can probably fend off any conventional attack . 
  they are armed to the teeth . 
  but nuke one or two cities and they 'll probably surrender . 
  do n't think there 's a clearer sign than that that it 's going to be a cold hard brexit . . 
  russians seeing this laughing their asses of . 
  they get this shit every year for 6 months per year . . 
  nobody is going to clearly and publicly tell them that because a number of eu states have secession movements of their own ( think catalonia ) . 
  but if they secede they will be probably let back in the eu without much difficulty . 
  if this happens , the brexit will become their worst decision in centuries . 
  if it does n't , it 's because they 'll get big fat and juicy compensations . 
  i do n't think may has other cards than loose , loose hard and loose catastrophicly . . 
  oh , have n't you heard ? 
  the former president of iran has passed away . 
  it is in conjuction with this that it is absolutely clear the brexit will be now more difficult !, 
  nice !, 
  maybe i 'll visit minsk if romania is on the list . 
  i have lived to see a norwegian praising romanian roads and complaining about theirs . 
  my life is complete . 
  i 'm actually impressed of their reach !, 
  that being said his argument still stands no matter the causes that led them here . . 
  it sucked big time for the romanians though .
