  everything was rationed . 
  food , electricity , heating , ( even car use ) . 
  everything went to export to pay for the loans taken to industrialise the country . 
  there was a huge black market . 
  nobody trusted the state , everybody was stealing from the state to survive . 
  make no mistake , although people were chanting `` freedom ! '', 
  they really meant food . 
  i was 6 at the revolution . 
  i never tasted bananas or oranges until i was 8 . 
  eastern germany had a higher standard of living because it was historically richer than the rest of the ee . 
  communism was a global catastrophe that has long reaching effects in these societies even today . 
  buy local . 
  fuck the capitalists pigs !, 
  eastern europeans are fucking drama queens when it comes to their countries . 
  take any from any country push him a little and he 's going to start complaining about his country , compare it to global top 5 economies and most developed states unfavorably . 
  when shit get 's a little better and they lose arguments there 's always something else bad to say . 
  at the same time , if any foreigner talks shit about the same countries they fiercely take offence . 
  if actually there is something nice about the country , then that thing is the greatest thing ever . 
  easterners ca n't stand being average . 
  it 's a search of identity and a love / hate relationship with what were in most case ( some still are ) abusive states . 
  not only we 're economic partners , besides germany which is number one for both countries , we 're no 2 , to each other . 
  economic partners is an understatement . 
  we 're siamese economies . 
  as it should be . 
  it is shocking how many things and aspects of our modern lifes we owe to the romans and greeks . 
  the whole western civilization is just a grandchild of the roman empire . 
  yes but the libyan army leans on cold hard cash . 
  especially higher ranks . 
  he looks like he shook the hand of a train . 
  but seriously . 
  wo n't north macedonia suit both parties ? 
  be `` deeply concerned '', 
  and they 'll loose said refferendum as iohannis is riding on huge popularity these days and psd allready pissed of a lot of people with trying to legalise corruption and sacking it 's own government . 
  i think first of all you identify the true problem and name it . 
  a big chunk of ee are living in postcommunist kleptocratic states or postcommunist mafia states . 
  the rise in nationalism , authoritarianism , puritanism are just reflexes of these regimes in times when they feel threatened . 
  that 's why the anticorruption drive in romania , ehich has become the poster state in this matter , transcedes it 's border and has an impact in the whole area . 
  how else can one achieve god 's plan without tools like these at hand ? 
  maybe that 's why . 
  i see everyone in the east throwing around the name of their countries . 
  bitches please !, 
  there is only one crown and we got that motherfucker locked !, 
  if the cards stack up right . 
  do you think that will happen in our lifetimes ? 
  nope . 
  uk is in a different context . 
  uk is in the mindset that they are being leeched by ee . 
  that they are rich smart and mighty and europeans are just ruining their game . 
  for this to work we would need to turn the tables around and we both know ee is n't going to be richer than we in our lifetimes . 
  no chance . 
  ee countries export double digits of their gdp to we . 
  some more than 50 % . 
  it would be catastrophical to get out . 
  so are these filthy gullenists in jail yet ? 
  all that was said is the uk wo n't get special treatement . 
  the eu wo n't bend the laws to favor it . 
  i suspect brits to be autistic . 
  it has been repeated at nauseaum . 
  single market = free movement !, 
  you do n't want free movement that 's fine . 
  you can get a different deal . 
  but do n't act like somebody pushes something down your throats . 
  no drama here . 
  just normal eu business and a calm visit . 
  carry on . 
  like transnistria ? 
  russians have a way of clenching to everything they touch . 
  i think crimea is gone but i 'd be really happy to see donbass solved in a decade or two . 
  you say but you ca n't , we 're all born cynical bastards in this part of the world  ) but it 's ok , it keeps the head doctor away . 
  do n't worry , your attitude , word per word can be heard in the entire area , from bucharest to kiev , sofia , zagreb and chisinau and so on . 
  take a regular dude from anywhere in these places and he 's going to swear on his mother that his country is the shittiest and his people are the worst . 
  it 's like we ca n't stand to be average , we either need to be the best or the worst  ), 
  maybe you do n't realise it but if it were n't for the eu we would n't have managed to become the regional leader in anti corruption . 
  of all it 's defects the eu established the legal framework and the institutions for this to happen and persisted in guiding us towards the right path . 
  yes . 
  us too . 
  i could argue we take that title . 
  we 're misery bros !, 
   ) one a more serious note our cultures are actually really close , we have more or less the same mentality and outlook , we 're orthodox , we never had any major conflicts , we were allies in a lot of wars and against the ottomans for a long time , we share a decent part of our cuisine , we make plum brandy , we share the same kind of humor and we usually get along very well wherever and whenever we meet . 
  sure , there are fucktards everywhere and it sure seems the barrell cracked in this part of world more than in others but both countries have a lot of cool folks too . 
  fucking smash that shit serbros !, 
  hello sir , do you lie , give and take bribe ? 
  so storm in a tea cup basically . 
  i thought ~ ~ robots ~ ~ non organic persons could not hold office . 
  when was the law passed ? 
  the brits will foam at the mouth with robots taking their jobs left and right . 
  i mean it 's one thing to negociate with gay nazies but gay nazy robots . . 
  they 're fucked !, 
  actually offshoot brands of french manufacturers like dacia are having wild success with basic , functional and practical budget cars . 
  renault is the modern age volkswagen . 
  what putin says is not what putin thinks . 
  it 's beautiful and timeless . 
  a little backstory on our single arrest . 
  it was a troubled young man with probable mental problems , white as bread , no muslim relatives , never traveled to any muslim countries who converted to the one true religion by himself and wanted to wage jihad on the non believers of his small town . 
  i prefer this one . 
  i think it depicts the place more . . accurately . 
  i 'm hoping some of the states in ee become net contributors in a decade or two . 
  that is the most stupid way to form a government . 
  her days are numbered . 
  romania , steady as a rock in a sea of slavs .
