  yeah right , we need to grow with 7.2 % per year for 20 years straight . 
  after his father 's death by execution , the son of the infamous romanian dictator nicolae ceau\u0219escu , sick and under house arrest made a chilling remark : `` you wo n't be able to even paint what my father built '' more chilling is the fact that he was right , as the map and the sad state of romanian commie blocks clearly show . . 
  this is stupidly outrageous !, 
  yeah right , you voted out cause immigrunts . 
  a large part of the population has no idea , or had , what the eu really is , or the intricacies of it to sustain a point af view on federalisation . 
  good job montenegro !, 
  also good football match the other day . . , 
  impressive research here . 
  if i were you i would try to publish this in places with more visibility . 
  get on twitter and start hitting up journalists from prestigious papers with your research . 
  atm russia is a juicy subject , you have high chances of somebody picking up the story . 
  good luck !, 
  every nation on the face of this earth is multifaceted . 
  i have no doubt there are places in russia where every stereotype applies . 
  on the other hand i am certain that there are places ( and people ) that ca n't be fit in the western view of russia . 
  i am not a russophile by any means , but i like to keep a realistic view of the world . . 
  it got to the point where i do n't believe a letter wrote about russia anymore , be it from inside or from the west . 
  if you want to at least get a hint of the truth you must ask russians living in russia . 
  even then , there 's only a select few that are not blinded by nationalism . . 
  uk in the eurasian union , called it !, 
  i 'm just speculating here but does n't it seem strange that the trade agreement imploded concomitantly ? 
  i mean steve jobs was renowned for pressuring everybody , from the media to contractors and suppliers , competitors and employees . 
  remember the deal regarding hiring from each others companies with the tech giants ? 
  make no mistake , this empire was build cracking skulls and working to death slaves in china . 
  behind the glitz apple is one of the most , if not the , ruthless players in the global business world and the recent events actually speak miles of the amazing power the eu is projecting here . 
  they simply do n't give a flying fuck about the name and the influence on the papers . 
  get this , the american administration has been trying for years to tax that cash somehow without avail . 
  which would have been the best course scenario , but then deutsche bank would have collapsed . . 
  oh , they are in a select club . 
  remember the british media ? 
  a lot of dirty money sits in london . 
  i wonder how the brexit will affect those funds . . 
  amazing country and amazing places op !, 
  i demand gypsy beggars be addressed from now on as expats !, 
  can you imagine the headlines ? 
  can you imagine the amount of fucking for that to become the most popular name  ) a truly holly endeavour . . 
  i can assure you a sizable percent of the voting men and women of the uk actually believe that plus a load of other stupid shit about other states in eastern europe and europe in general . 
  recent events have clearly shown us that . 
  no disrespect . 
  just underlining the power of sustained propaganda , ,, 
  the securitate from the time of ceausescu would drool over the tools these guys have now . . 
  so in the end eu negotiators stood their ground as they should have ... 
  this is getting really boring, 
  does switzerland count ? 
  i do n't think there is a better bet for peace and safety . . 
  so basically turkey is fighting everyone in the area , right ? 
  orthodox belt be best homophobic !, 
  is the comparison with only russia or with the whole ussr ? 
  gypsies are spread all over eastern europe though . . 
  flash test : what is cheaper ? 
  a fighter or a drone ? 
  get it ? 
  why are jews all over the world referred to first and foremost as jews while gypsies are always romanians ? 
  damn !, 
  that 's like what ? 
  crazy right ? 
  i could try to pretend to understand how you feel but i ca n't . 
  my city has n't been invaded by muslims and all ee is anti muslims after we had ottoman rule for a few hundred years . 
  one thing i can say though . 
  european cultures will survive . 
  we endured for millennia . 
  we will overcome . 
  i get it man . 
  i really do . 
  unfortunately shit like this is out of what you ann i can control . 
  if it would n't be us , it probably be another country . 
  look at the uk . 
  a massive chunk of immigration is from outside the eu . 
  it seems you 're really mad at globalization from what you 're describing . . 
  okay pakistan . 
  not too shabby poland . . 
  huge chunks of profits from the growth created in ee comes back to the west . 
  it 's a longer circuit . 
  papa 's home bitches !, 
  do you have any idea who owns the companies that make growth in ee possible ? 
  like deutsche bank falling . . 
  your queen does n't seem to have a problem with horses and carriages . 
  as for the internet , bitch please . . 
  oh , i think in the fuking your own country department you guys recently took the cherry though . . 
  this shit could spark an international incident . 
  romania is very very sensible to insinuations about it 's strategic positioning and involvement in these kinds of affairs . 
  i would n't be surprised if this escalates further involving the ministry of foreign affairs . 
  what do you mean for once ? 
  what did we fuck up ? 
  i sometimes wonder if this shit is n't funded by the russians . 
  could make sense . . 
  which i consider insane , as most of the free world has caps on the amount of years those woth the executive power can keep their seats . 
  it 's a dangerous assumption to think the democratic process will sort things out and only sane individuals will take that seat . 
  history is full of examples of people that manage to clench to their seats long after they 'd be due by distorting the electoral processes , manipulating the masses , rigging elections and so on . 
  we have living examples all around us , and we all remember berlusconi . 
  if it quacks like a duck . . 
  suspend their veto power and then legislate in accordance . 
  basically yes . 
  if the uk tries to bully the eu into a sweet deal , the response will be ugly as this would greenlight others to do the same . . 
  if you 're asking why romania was allied with the reich the answer is moldova . 
  if you 're asking why romania was allied with the reich the answer is moldova . 
  not really . 
  maybe there was an affinity due to the king having german origins but the german influence was limited . . 
  why semi-independent ? 
  it 's not going to be one country .
