  as there is probably more than one person here who could entertain that train of thought sarcasm must be tagged appropriately . 
  in light of the context , the joke is not that bad . . 
  i suspect you to either be retarded or a nazi . . 
  see , you can receive more immigrunts . . 
  i find you and the authorities naive . 
  and not only me but the gypsies , the syrians , the pakis , the fine folks from afghanistan and iran , the somalis , moroccans , lybians , algerians and so on . . and everyday that passes i find you more so . 
  what are you going to do when the asians find out the europeans give you 800 eur / month and a house to sit on your ass and nothing can stop them getting here ? 
  oh the irony . 
  i remember romania and bulgaria being refused into schengen for political reasons after we spent billions of euros to secure the borders , and were satisfying all conditions . 
  a good part of the current flows of immigrants would have passed through here . 
  i can only imagine the shit we 'd get if unable to stop them , just freshly joined as we would have been . 
  that really depends on the place you work . 
  there are places that are like that and places where it 's way more chill . . 
  well , let me just say the open market is a fucking miracle . 
  romania and the romanian society has made a fantastic leap . 
  day to day life for the middle class is roughly the same as in the west . 
  the main differences lies in the state services and infrastructure . 
  the rural areas though are trapped in the past with everyone able going to the cities or abroad to work . 
  we have many areas left depopulated and in abject poverty . 
  life is radically different there and the reality is that the open market has sank them even further in poverty as they can not compete with the cost of agricultural products from the subsidised west . 
  regarding mentalities we are still behind on many issues and these are the hardest things to change . 
  we do n't care about our environment too much , we can not keep our cities as clean as those in the north , we 're homophobic and xenophobic , we 're rude and sexist , we are over religious and superstitious and do n't value education too much lately . 
  but things are slowly but steady improving on all levels . . edit : when i say middle class i should probably say upper middle class . . 
  if western states would chip in with half of what welfare or rents they give them on their soil and the eastern states would provide them with land to build a house and do some little farming i think that would be a sweet deal for everyone ... but politics . . 
  the consequences we face are for what happened after the americans took down saddam . 
  there is a documentary about how stupid bush and his acolytes were . . 
  i would fingerprint that dude everytime he leaves his home . . 
  its alright man . 
  the us and europe will invade sooner or later . 
  my opinion is it 's just a matter of time . . 
  every stats map on this sub generally depicts : - green good - red bad - west green - east red this one manages to fail at each of these points . . 
  happy national day neighbour . . 
  as i said . 
  a change in strategy and realignment of interests is not enough anymore . 
  business needs trust . 
  trust is difficult to build and easy to shatter . . 
  the contact areas will engage and maybe the big cities but russia is vast and deep and much of it is very far from europe . 
  the hate against european values is being cultivated in the hope that perceived moral superiority will negate the lack in living standards . 
  all right !, 
  let 's take a moment here and agree that we , as europeans live in exquisitely beautiful lands . 
  i am constantly left in awe by images of places on the continent and while conscious of the fact that i 'll probably never be able to see and discover even a fraction of them i appreciate the fact that they are being revealed to me by the fine folks in this sub . 
  to europe !, 
  yes it can . 
  and it 's going fast in the direction of russian insulation and isolation with the russians pressing the gas pedal fast ( pun intended ), 
  of course , but the initial phrase was talking about external actors . 
  yeah , like europe just waits for putin to turn his deep blue eyes to it and she 'll bend over . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  russians have burnes bridges that took decades to build . . 
  romania is an important supplier of auto parts and ensembles for the german auto industry . 
  the more germany exports the more they buy from us . . 
  like the biggest looser in the conflicts in africa and the middle east is europe . . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not adhering to the collapse theories that are being flown around but things do n't look good . 
  russia in the best case scenario is looking at a lost decade with stagnation or very slow growth . 
  and they 'll lag behind others when with all those resources they could have been filthy rich . 
  it 's just been a cavalcade of bad decisions in their policy in the last decade . 
  i mean when they were taken you could argue that they 're for the good of the country , but now a few years later we are here . 
  was it for the best . 
  were there no other ways ? 
  i 'm sorry man , but that 's plain wrong  ), 
  for the same reason romania is not called transylvania which sounds cooler . . 
  no style in that . 
  just the cheapest way to do it . . 
  daaaaaamn !, 
  that central station is freaking spectacular !, 
  when was in amsterdam i got the feeling that almost all aspects of the city were designed . 
  like somebody has put some thought in all kind of small details . . 
  in romania if we would have to build a new central station we would probably build a glass cube . . 
  i am shocked of how similar the food and the traditions are to romania, 
  no country ... but gypsies . . 
  human pyramids . 
  awesome !, 
  we fucking released the kraken !, 
  in their defense people like that are the supreme antipropagandists . 
  there is nobody with more say in the matter to convince radicalised youths that isis is full of shit . . 
  as much as i hate to admit it you are right . 
  romanians do n't have a culture of cleanness and we 're very slowly progressing in this area . 
  i believe it will get better once aggressive legislation is passed , the issue is put on the public agenda and steps to educate the population more are made . 
  i guess our other huge problems made this less important than it really is . . 
  more like us being assholes and taking the balcic area in a moment of bulgarian weakness . . 
  i have stared at the map of europe for many years and only today i realised the black sea kinda looks like europe 's fat cock . . 
  i lived right near gara de nord for about 3 years never had any problem . 
  i stand my ground arguing in much of bucharest it 's rare . 
  also , as you can see the incident in the video is in broad daylight . . 
  da fuck , i live in bucharest and it is rare . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  cause poland ai n't la and this is an exception . . 
  i am actually pretty darn surprised hungary does n't make fun of romania the most . . 
  coca cola advertises to remind people of the brand . 
  of its attributes . 
  russians have branded themselves a certain way . 
  the western media have branded them a certain way . 
  people like to have their opinions reinforced . 
  if as a news company i had articles painting russians a certain way they will keep beating that horse and every little news that reinforces that model will be aired . 
  in conclusion . . 
  it 's necessary to remind people , a lot , for propaganda to be successful . . 
  i was thinking about this . 
  about how he would be involved in a freak accident or suddenly die . 
  everything is probably planned in the dark corners of the fsb . . 
  why does coca cola advertise ?
