  because normal romanians blend in to the point where you ca n't tell the difference outside speaking to them and noticing an accent . 
  some of them loose the accent too after a few years . 
  if you think those billions do n't return in other ways to the western states ? 
  a majority of the economy is ran by western corporations that export profits . 
  all energy sectors were privatized and tarrifs were raised multiple times . 
  and thrn there is the market . 
  german , french , british cars , furniture , industrial machines , clothing , electronics , cosmetics and so on are all imported from we . 
  thw perception that these funds are free money is far from the truth . 
  on top of that we 're also not using all the funds . 
  it 's very hard to access them and romanians are young capitalists . 
  we are still learning to do business . 
  the rate of absorbtion is aprox 60 % . . 
  but inspite all that we are thankful . 
  romanians are one of the most europhiles people in the east . 
  we have a natural affinity for the latin belt as a latin people allmost surrounded by slavs and great respect for the germanic states with which we were and are in excellent relationship . 
  northen bucharest more precisely . . 
  what i 'm saying here is that the bottom here is actually the start of the best . . 
  there is no actual looser in this chart . 
  83 % satisfaction is very very good imho . . 
  yep , same shit in romania , line by line . 
  people never learn . . 
  fine by me . 
  what 's right is right . . 
  it is , but there are conditions to be met and kept for a timeframe for it to be adopted . 
  conditions that can be easily breached , wink wink , indefinitely . 
  examples . . hungary , romania , poland . . 
  ooh , i get it now . 
  yeah i think you can opt out both from the euro and schengen ( but there is almost no difference in matter of traveling between eu membership and schengen membership ) there are multiple countries in the eu but not in schengen or not using the euro . . 
  but you 'll first have to secede from the uk in order to negotiate anything, 
  that is a plausible possibility . . 
  because most of the times interests aligned . 
  they do still . 
  but let me give you just an example where they are competing . 
  london 's financial district has no other worthy competitor but frankfurt . 
  in a case of brexit you can be damn sure germany will try to prop up frankfurt as the european financial center lobbying regulatory measures for non-eu actors ( ie the city ) . 
  another would be the english car industry vs the german one . 
  i would also dare say that the eu as it stands is just an extension of german influence . 
  i ca n't remember of a time when they did n't get what they wanted sans the recent migrant quotas fiasco, 
  coleagues = germany . 
  then they can be top dog at ease . 
  scotland out would be the absolute humiliation from germany to the uk in case of a brexit . 
  imagine an uk with no say in the matters and an uncontested germany , hegemon of europe without a shot fired . 
  you got ta admit this is brilliant strategy from their part . 
  umm , military power will not be lost . 
  most european states are in nato . 
  or do you guys want to also leave nato ? 
  britain is the sole contestant of germany in the eu . 
  in spite all the political correct declarations strategically having the uk outside of europe with no say in the matters is a wet dream for germany 's traditional aspirations to rule europe . 
  i think cameron was baited into a position he does n't want to be in . 
  nobody thought for a second ... what if germany secretly really wants us out ? 
  mate , nobody can hate russia the way it hates itself . 
  with it 's resources even the greatest in the world . . 
  i actually love the way cyrillic looks . 
  makes any graphic design piece look really classy . 
  russians can be so eloquent in just a few words sometimes , 
  i hear anuses starting to clench all the way to vladivostok . 
  it 's getting serious . 
  i 'm going to be very impressed if putin manages to navigate this . . 
  not used to romania ranking high in charts . 
  something is fishy here . . 
  literally brace yourselves !, 
  with 80-90 % approval for putin russians are living through their own doing . 
  i feel for the ones that do n't approve of putin though . 
  there are people who lived through 2 hard devaluation periods and that fucks you up good . 
  so we 're getting 4 tanks ? 
  yeah , i should have specified ethnicity . 
  the gypsy problem is well known . 
  yeah , the eternal problem . 
  i 'm happy they managed to integrate , on the other hand i 'm sad that we lost a shitload of good people . 
  it will probably take us 2-3 generation to replace the population that is if we 're ever going to recover . 
  natality is at disastrous levels here too like in almost all europe . . 
  except the gypsies . 
  they are steadily multiplying . . 
  how are romanians in italy behaving these days ? 
  did they integrate ? 
  are there still problems ? 
  do they get along with folks ? 
  swine flu . . h1n1, 
  no it wo n't . 
  the kind of shit europe has seen makes this feel like a small rash . . 
  without being mean you do realise that most populations of europe do not decide for themselves and invariably of our opinion big capital decides who joins and how deep the integration will be . 
  right now it seems to have decided it needs more cheap labor as eastern europe reservoirs are starting to dry up . . 
  so basically . . a massive impact . 
  are you contemplating moving ? 
  what do you think about the white flight phenomenon ? 
  deutsche bank is on it 's death bed . 
  it is being kept alive in order not to provoke a systemic crash . 
  a brexit would probably inflict a fatal wound . . 
  precisely, 
  or maybe evolve it to include all european nations . . 
  i vote for super europe !, 
  slav brotherhood !, 
  i agree with the german police . 
  things can not be classified as a problem until armed groups burn the parliament . 
  [ laura codruta kovesi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laura_codru%c8%9ba_k%c3%b6vesi ) channeling her inner [ vlad dracul ] ( http://media.stiripesurse.ro/image/201503/w800/media-142710376049926000.png ) with the help of gypsy magic !, 
  they were not 50 , lol but 2 . 
  i think you 're reffering to the 60 that were caught trying to pass the border . 
  this reminds me of this fine russian joke : question to radio yerevan : `` is it correct that grigori grigorievich grigoriev won a luxury car at the all-union championship in moscow ? '', 
  radio yerevan answered : `` in principle , yes . 
  but first of all it was not grigori grigorievich grigoriev , but vassili vassilievich vassiliev ; second , it was not at the all-union championship in moscow , but at a collective farm sports festival in smolensk ; third , it was not a car , but a bicycle ; and fourth he did n't win it , but rather it was stolen from him . '',
