  and also a splendid country . 
  no you really ca n't . 
  not in the current situation of romania . 
  3-5 % is really as good as it gets . 
  damn !, 
  that means no european world cup in 2018 . . 
  the real question is why is switzerland present in all these statistics ? 
  it 's not the first map or stat where they 're present ? 
  meth . 
  not even once !, 
  i think the west should start calling it what it is and brand putin as a dictator and more to that as a very dangerous dictator . 
  russians need a counter narative and there is n't anybody left in russia who can deliver it . . 
  i think you get the point . 
  we can speculate on and on . . 
  i think people in lithuania for example would have a hard time doing that . . 
  yeah , i think the problem gets more complicated on large apartment blocks or if the owner of a house ca n't front the cash because he is poor and nobody will lend him . . 
  it 's tough for europeans in the winter to realize the heat in their homes supports putin but what can they do ? 
  freeze to death to spite the fucker ? 
  good !, 
  whole europe is growing . 
  and the rape of abuse and countless little boys is what ? 
  the church is rapidly loosing ground between the youths . 
  umm , have you seen kosovo lately ? 
  it 's a a failed state . 
  if you think fragmentation would bring europe any good you need to look at the time when europe was actually like that and draw your own conclusions . 
  this has nothing to do with nationalism but with the interpretation of international law . 
  when this happened russia was the loudest voice in the room . 
  they said this is a precedent . 
  regarding the eu i wouldst like to see a federation but not in the form of a union of regions . 
  a shitload of stuff . 
  but i have growing resentments due to the recent nationalistic craze they 're in . 
  who can touch a nuclear power ? 
  what is that huge army for ? 
  yes . 
  that 's a cherry picked example , but you are right in a sense . 
  even the worst dictatorships have spurs of vigurous growth but the problem is that they can not be sustained and when shit hits it hits hard and you have a rupture . 
  after concentrated power falls comes power vacuum which is one of the most destructive things to happen to a society . 
  in this russia has a lot of experience . 
  it has experienced it . 
  this is the outcome . 
  the rich countries = the west the poor countries = the east, 
  that would be a mistake as was the way the kosovo problem was handled . 
  doing this would only add legitimacy to break away regions in the vicinity like transnistria , donetsk and luhansk . . 
  gaudi surpassed my expections . 
  he is indeed not overrated . 
  umm , what about the jews ? 
  yes . 
  not necessarily of a direct russian invasion of romania but of shit putin will pull in the area . 
  that will scare of investors and damage our economy . 
  i expect developments in ukraine and in moldova . . 
  not really . 
  you need to realize that in spite the fact that for example russia has a stockpile of over 10k missiles , nuking for example ireland is stupid . 
  they will concentrate their missiles on the parties that could strike back at them . 
  so in the event of a major nuclear exchange i guess you are safer not being a nuclear power . 
  i am of the opinion that such an event is survivable by human kind . . 
  i 've seen all kinds of problems raised but not the fact that is way way harder for an european start-up to reach the same volume of potential clients because language and legislative difference . 
  this alone , although other issues exist , puts any european competitor behind a us startup that can gain market share in the states , solidify and then scale internationaly in europe from a position of power . . 
  another country or two in the euro , a good campaign and a couple of years of sustained growth and i think that we can swing this to 55 % if not more . 
  we will probably witness the first breaths of life of this beautiful new beast in our lifetimes . 
  also , can you imagine the impact this will have on places like south america or africa ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about it as i do n't give a fuck about what other people eat . 
  there are different shades of muslims . . 
  brace yourselves !, 
  gayrope jokes are coming . . 
  something completely unexpected by anybody ( like 3 unions ) . 
  i 'd like it to federalise . . 
  so that 's the club hungary wants to be associated with . . oh well . . 
  i was talking with a bulgarian a couple of years back and we reached the conclusion that besides the language we 're like the same in 90 % of stuff . 
  we are bros. . 
  romania - corruption - infrastructure - healthcare system - education system - extreme poverty - brain drain, 
  i think they are just getting started with this guy . 
  islamic state in donbass !, 
  well nowadays everybody does that . 
  i do n't think that was sarko 's biggest flaw . 
  is this rhetorical ? 
  the rulling class of politicians . 
  this is not ironical . 
  we have the numbers , the trials and jail sentences to support this claim . 
  we , as probably a whole bunch of states in the eu , are a mafiocracy . . 
  oh sarko . . you got to hand it to him french dudes . 
  he was everything but not a shadow figure . 
  i felt that france played harder on the global stage with him at the helm . . 
  they probably will , but moldova has to make some progress in a few fields first . 
  help will come as a reward for reforms . 
  that 's the way the eu operates . . 
  romania , romania , fuck it !, 
  i might just romania . . 
  this wo n't be done without eu approval that 's for sure . 
  and i also think it will be gradual , with moldova needing to accomplish a series of steps before . 
  for example some things that moldova needs to accomplish before joining the eu can be offered by romania . 
  let it be noted that this is probably the first time ever the romanian infrastructure was referred to as ` good ' . 
  carry on . . 
  do n't count on it . 
  any reunification would happen without transnistria . 
  nobody in bucharest wants that hot potato . 
  also , in the event of a reunification there will probably be local autonomy in some parts if not all moldova ( think the southern part gagauzia ) . 
  that will trigger an autonomous status in the areas inhabited by magyars in transilvania . 
  so i actually think it 's in the interest of hungary for this to happen . 
  my english is so bad i make enemies  ), 
  yeah , i meant ` that shit ' in a cheeky way .
