  the uk insists that they should go or she goes . 
  in the morning the rich dudes in the club realise they now have fleas !, 
  valid points but attacking those markets at significant levels will take work and determination that could last a decade if not two . 
  if it gets better , it will surely get worse first . 
  now for the country these timelines are nothing , but for a individual it 's pretty significant . . 
  mexico and europe are having a bromance . . 
  they saved them hard and deep !, 
  our eastern neighbor , moldova , more precisesly eastern moldova , as the western part sits at home in the romanian state , remind us every day about the profound love the russian nation has for us . 
  what exactly , from what i said you do n't agree with ? 
  where the hell did i say that ? 
  if this man has his way poland will suffer a colossal tragedy . 
  i think it 's the duty of every pole to study what happened in romania when the same policies were enforced : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decree_770, 
  the fact that he got so far is in no way complementing though . 
  you do n't particular suck . 
  most nations are very easily manipulated in the right circumstances and with the proper tools . 
  planets aligned for uk and were basically manipulated into a result . 
  i do n't pass any judgement if it 's the right choice or not . 
  all i 'm saying is the process of choosing was heavily influenced by disinformation , propaganda , facts distortion and so on ( all the good stuff ) . 
  the russians are experts at this shit . 
  they have literally invented techniques . 
  they have manuals and procedures . 
  it 's really a fascinating rabbit hole, 
  putin and his fascist regime is one thing , trump 's another . 
  the common ground are dumb or gullible people on both sides that can be manipulated by press and propaganda . 
  and of that no country is safe no matter what wet dreams of enlightenment their citizens have . 
  nations , just like people , are at times more stupid than usual . 
  if trump would have tried to run just after bush he would have been laughed at . 
  now if trump would have been a little more careful in his declarations he could of won . 
  this is not fantasy . 
  with a little luck , it was in the realm of the possible . 
  if hillary wins by less than 10 % , that in itself is a tragedy of critical thinking . 
  it 's not like americans are any smarter judging by the trump phenomenon , or for the matter other top ranking countries ... sup uk . . 
  it 's like you 're almost talking about a shitty edm festival . . 
  i am so worried it will land over a rock . 
  how do they make sure that does n't happen ? 
  an yet that 's what everybody is expecting to happen . . 
  we got burned with schengen after spending literally billions to prop up our borders and be denied on bullshit reasons in spite of prior agreements and assurances . 
  it is the right way to approach it . 
  no more maybes . . 
  as junker put it : france is france !, 
  these are probably the trying punches . 
  the real hard hits are yet to come . . 
  cough cough . . scotch whiskey . . 
  peasents trying to the avoid the police that never heard of waze . 
  that or illuminati . 
  as a romanian , welcome to the other side !, 
  you 'll probably have a great time !, 
  i 'm also sure there 's going to be somebody to show you around if you hit the subreddits for the countries you visit and ask who 's game . 
  it might eve be me . . , 
  awww . . 
  i ca n't get used to this  ) ( wipes a tear from his eye and gently oushes the upvote button ), 
  it 's indeed moderate . 
  we need more . 
  an optimistic note is that romania still has quite a few reservoirs of growth still untapped / underperforming . 
  maybe with good governance/less corruption we can tap more industries for a higher rate of growth . . 
  norway be like the dwarfs in the hobbit . . 
  but the rest in the eu still have the means to produce cheaper and can export the same products cheaper . 
  it 's going to be a blood bath . . 
  the price of uk produced food competes with food produced in the rest of europe though . 
  take away the means ( immigrants ) to cut costs and you have an industry that wo n't resist the assault of the hypercompetitive ultra subsidised farmers in the eu . 
  i am fairly certain they could compete even slapped with tarrifs . 
  it 's not at all that easy as people think . . 
  triple the price of food . 
  farmers will make enough money to pay them better . 
  problem solved . 
  at least till the riots . . 
  i wo n't expect the rigidity of eu negotiating to be any less than with the greeks . 
  it 's going to be a knife fight . . 
  do n't you have like a mountain of saved up gold guarded by a dragon ? 
  yeah , good luck with that . . 
  i 'm sure germany and france are just pissing their pants . 
  if hungary pulls some serious shit the same hammer that came down on greece , soon to come down on the uk will hit the nail that sticks out . 
  until then , the dogs are barking , the bear passes . . 
  the world has changed . 
  we 're in a new reality . 
  the unspeakable is shouted , the impossible paints the news . 
  but how do you know you 're eating pork if you never tasted it ? 
  fool me once shame on me . . you ca n't get fooled again . . 
  same in romania . 
  probably most of the same things . 
  no chance , she 's already untouchable due to the apple case . 
  do you think there are n't actors in europe that would rub their hands laughing if they get a chance to fuck companies like mcdonalds and amazon out of a 500 million people market ? 
  i do n't think they would have had the political balls to take the measures hungary did , in the process also protecting states like norway . . 
  the universal instinct of states in these circumstances is inflation . 
  inflation basically impoverishes the population . 
  i do n't get why you 're eager to maintain that possibility for your government . 
  in the euro your corrupt leaders would be kept in a straight jacket concerning deficits . 
  as a neighbor i can hardly wait to get on with it and have some additional checks and balances on those putrid corrupted fucks im the parliament and political parties . 
  who has the money is doing it . 
  they 're usually more expensive . 
  can be a lot cheaper too with basic animation , but a nice 3d character is going to cost you . . 
  it 's possible it 's the dog food isle , but i have tested these substances on dogs and got ferm refusals . 
  very strange indeed . . 
  which lead to even more attractive ads and even worse tantrums in supermarkets . 
  i also think it 's futile . . 
  yeah man , it 's your mess to fix , i was just pointing to some things . . 
  wait , you do have the city though . 
  also , do n't know for sure , but i 've heard scotland has a lot of oil reserves . 
  you might not be far off . . 
  leave it to a canadian to feel obliged to say good morning to 550 million people  i love canadians ,
