  here 's us paying for said security . 
  the upside . 
  american weapons are generally not shit, 
  we 're naming heat waves now ? 
  not that i mind . 
  i mean this one nails it . 
  i called my family psychic today to contact my grandfather and ask him about the temperature in hell . 
  he told me it 's a pleasant 24c because lucifer is in vacation in eastern europe . 
  the world stops in it 's place stupefied !, 
  they actually can . 
  sneak them in a few at a time , through romania or even through ukraine . 
  send special troops so you can do more with less . 
  they have all the arms they need there , certainly more than enough to overwhelm the practically nonexistent and demoralised moldavian army . 
  but if they pull that there will be more sanction more nato escalation more american troops in places where they can see the russian trees across the border and so on . 
  for what ? 
  this applies to any rational country , russia included . 
  oh but wait . 
  you 'd never get the actual number of casualties , woukd you ? 
  arm north korea ? 
  thry are probbaly better armed than you , 
  i do n't get the hurom banter . 
  the future of both our countries depends on each other . 
  there 's no shit coming to this part of the world that does n't hit both countries . 
  we are siamese countries tied culturally , ethnically and economically . 
  everybody has list territory . 
  very few have all ethnics living inside the same borders . 
  when will we get over it ? 
  either way we have to replace the hardware from the 70s, 
  i suspect you to be retarded . 
  i hope you realize it 's sarcasm , playing on russian stereotypes . 
  if turkey ca n't into europe , europe can into turkey !, 
  they need to get some isis anti touristic `` consultants '', 
  maybe the us wants putin in power . 
  under a democratic leader , with the resources and potential russia has it could easily skyrocket beyond germany in economic raw power , maybe the whole of europe . 
  that would be a different game altogether . 
  all the the states bordering and in the immediate vecinity of russia would naturally be drawn to it and be influenced by russia . 
  the eu and nato would loose eastern europe which would naturally shoft towards it 's natural ( religious , cultural and blood ) partners . 
  this would be unnacceptable . 
  putin is keeping russia at an acceptable level . 
  in return he is allowed to fuck with states nobody gives a fuck about and pose and bullshit on the world stage ( like ghadaffi but for different reasons ) putin is the best thing the west hoped for russia . 
  and the west does not give 2 flying fucks about the russian people and their well being . 
  allright boys , let 's build this fucking thing as fast as we can and go back to drinking !, 
  sir yes sir !, 
  i can see it . 
  napoleon descends among the troops . 
  everybody 's chilling and resting cracking jokes and having a good time . 
  i see you boys are getting bored . 
  putin controls the russian energy industry . 
  by that account he is the richest man in the world . 
  but the second he looses power all that is gone . 
  200 billion is just a retarded sum to be thrown around . 
  that is probably not accurate as the majority of moldavians working in the eu have romanian citizenship aquired by blood right . 
  the mistery to me is why hungary let ' a person on the eu sanction list enter their airspace ? 
  that is if you consider russians europeans . 
  happy centennial finland !, 
  we 're up for it next year . 
  so are a few others . 
  so that 's how it starts . 
  this time without a single bullet being fired . 
  there should be million s in the streets man . 
  seriously . 
  a small question . 
  is there anything stopping the opposition in case of a victory at the next election to change the laws back again ? 
  will they ? 
  ( in romania every political manoeuver of this type came back to bite the initiating party when the opposition used the weapons buit against them ), 
  i comented 2 times on posts related to the current events in poland i promptly have been called a gypsy 2 times . 
  i am very well aware of the perception but do n't really care . 
  keep the fight up poles !, 
  it ai n't over yet1, 
  the eu will throatfuck poland and hungary if they keep this shit up . 
  poland is n't the uk . 
  poland does n't have a life outside of the eu . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  join the eurasian union ? 
  one can only look at what happened to greece and the uk ( which wo n't get any concession and is in danger of not reaching a beneficial agreement in the 2 years deadline ) . 
  there are voices that say hungary would veto the suspension of voting rights of poland if it comes to it . 
  i doubt it . 
  hungary has it 's balls firmly placed in the clenched iron fist of germany . 
  all it takes is a gently squeeze and poland finds itself isolated . 
  let 's hope the good people of poland manage to turn this shit around . 
  of course they need money for the european army . 
  what mate . 
  you ca n't even take a joke now ? 
  have you seen the comments about gypsies and muslims ? 
  russophobia is just disgust at the russian criminal mindset . 
  it 's good we focus on the important issues . 
  i like this guy . 
  everything i heard from him made sense . 
  yes , they are . 
  you can always bet on that . 
  like clockwork . 
  we have that too . 
  i guess it 's from you guys . 
  thanks bros !, 
  well their last been fighters are n't bad at all either and i heard the new tanks are good too . 
  well , they 're marching too damn late . 
  i agree with you . 
  what i 'm saying is ceausescu was overthrown because the life was dire not necessarily for freedom . 
  as we speak we have insane percents of people that are nostalgic for that regime . 
  romania was exactly that kind of poor .
