  i am very curious about his declarations in the coming months . 
  do n't be that asinine about it . 
  if you count the fact that ukraine has signed trade deals with the eu and east of it begins another trade bloc you can easily get this interpretation . . 
  where is the military gear ? 
  i heard you can buy at any shop . . 
  lots of valid points but internet speed is decisive . 
  you see the it industry is booming and it 's very probable that in a couple of years to grow above all other industries in romania . 
  if we ever surpass you in gdp ( which i know does n't mean shit but let 's entertain the discussion ) the it industry will play a major factor . 
  that internet speed is the backbone of it . . 
  can someone do a graph analysis and tell us how a sharp increase will follow . . 
  so supporting a competing trade zone than the one you 're currently in is taking care of your country . . all right . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  to the rest of us it still seems like somebody smelled green and went for it . 
  and regarding germany and france . . are you trying to excuse your actions pointing to somebody 's equally dubious actions ? 
  just one in a long line of asshole moves done by the swiss . 
  i do n't think they should be included when we 're talking about us as a group . 
  they have entirely different interests than most of europe . . 
  that would be a poor excuse for an empire  . 
  all eastern europe states have regions that they 're nostalgic about but none have the capability or political will to act upon these nostalgies . . 
  oh i 'm aware of that . 
  we have plenty in romania too , but none of them want an empire . 
  to that effect i say putin has created them ... 
  needs more beard . . 
  in other news . . isis destroys more ancient relics . . 
  oh come on . 
  putin did n't create the vatnik ? 
  it sure had his important contribution to the current generation of them . 
  and while he caters to them now and they approve of him they will probably be the ones who overthrew him when hunger starts making rounds . . 
  the whole planet is watching russian dash cam videos and drunks fighting bears . 
  you got to start somewhere . . 
  but sometimes something simpler and cheaper is needed . 
  you know , like a dacia . . 
  putin convinced orban to let him dip just the tip and now when they 're seriously fucking he ca n't admit his stupidity and pretends he actually likes it . . 
  and we all know russians fight well in the winter . . 
  this shit is at the same level as the stupid conspiracies propagated by the kremlin media . 
  stupidity is in general the best explanation . . 
  why are middle eastern people suddenly everywhere in europe ? 
  something pushed the slavs west . . 
  we 're gon na make vaslui the luxembourg of eastern europe . 
  just with axes , rape , incest and necrophilia !, 
  i 'm shocked of how well google translated but there is a few notable corrections that need to be made . 
  romania does not have a highway that traverses the carpathians and a multi lane belt around bucharest , both infrastructure projects seen as vital for development , both projects having had massive setbacks due to corruption ... 
  because those wealthy people pay for the r&d necessary to bring the technology to mass market . 
  see the tesla business strategy . 
  voting to stay is not enough . 
  you have to take charge up in this bitch . 
  you 're the only ones who can . 
  i 'm afraid of what could happen if germany keeps having its way . . 
  for all his brilliance zizek is sometimes an idiot . . 
  without the uk the rest of europe will probably evolve into a superstate which can challenge us dominance in a lot of key theaters . 
  with the uk in this wo n't happen in the foreseeable future . . 
  they will , but they 'll buy it with 20-30 % duty tax if they want . 
  a lot of people will go for the afghan kush and the less beautiful people simply because they 're going to be cheaper . . 
  umm , who are you going to sell to ? 
  the group produces way way more than it is capable of consuming . . 
  well i 'm glad bulgaria is making progress . 
  what the fuck bulgaria !, 
  what benefits mate ? 
  the kids get 30-40 euros allowance and the adults 100ish if they 're lucky . 
  at least in romania . 
  we have our gypsy slums too . 
  the most notable the ferentari hood in bucharest and the problems in these areas are common ti all ghettos around the world . 
  these people have never been learned to be civilised . 
  add to that the poverty and you basically get that or not far from that . . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  there a ton of people who do n't look for work and do n't work in agriculture outside plating a few crops to subsist . 
  on top of those there are the gypsies . 
  and the fact that this is a common practice across europe does n't mean it 's right . 
  the term unemployed translates to a person which is not employed imho, 
  if the people of uk take a dire hit on their pockets by exiting the eu but then make a great recovery and actually speed ahead of the eu they will be looked upon with respect and admiration for decades to come and their influence might actually increase . 
  otherwise the world will laugh about it for centuries . . 
  i think in romania if you do n't find a job in a few months you do n't count as unemployed anymore . 
  they 're are millions of people who do n't appear in any statistics . 
  the real unemployment rate is probably around 20 %, 
  yes we can !, 
  it already happened . 
  who the fuck would still get to be admitted ? 
  in the few short years we 've been a member i 've seen roughly all states breach all kinds of regulations , treaties and rules . 
  the eu is a joke and everybody got to smell that and the fact that it can not enforce it 's laws . . 
  so from what i understand there is no big fish caught today but the number is still impressive . 
  keep going at it guys and keep the public pressure on it and it will snowball . . 
  we actually have been pretty close historically . 
  i do n't know why we drifted apart to the point that both population know very little about the other . . 
  the biggest threat to all of eastern europe . . 
  i personally do n't mind that you need a visa . 
  i mind the extremely complicated and degrading process . . 
  well the economic arguments can be presented in such a way that they either support or discourage the brexit . 
  presented with contrary opinions people will vote on sentiment and this is a very effective way to alter said sentiment . . 
  here on reddit dude . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  dat green in a sea of red in romania . . 
  wtf !, 
  are n't people in the streets over this . 
  this shit would not fly in romania and we 're not exactly choir boys regarding corruption . 
  actually it was discussed and it seems that countries that are already in the visa waiver program actually have higher or similar visa overstay than the new european members which are in question . . 
  if this is removed we turn into an empire . . 
  fake , that 's a bear . 
  we 're slowly turning it around guys , are n't we ? 
  yeah , of course . 
  the westerners working in romania usually have very good jobs in multinationals .
