  how many of you were going to hungary over a field ? 
  it 's not for europeans though ... 
  we have a danube built by our forefathers . . 
  if luxembourg takes in 2 refugees it 's going to shame everybody else !, 
  that 's the stupid thinking right there . 
  it 's not only france that has a problem . 
  you both have a problem . 
  the moment you exclude yourself from it so do the others and we have the current situation . . 
  oh hello there france !, 
  where the fuck have you been ? 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  oh , have n't you heard ? 
  schengen is dead !, 
  yes , dublin killed it !, 
  well they are . 
  they just reinstated border controls . 
  i am simply amazed that europeans , after all this time do n't understand one simple aspect . 
  if one of them bleeds , the rest will follow in varying degrees . . 
  letting germany or any other single country is not a solution . 
  a solution is a fucking european army manning the borders and shooting anything that moves . 
  you want asylum in europe ? 
  we 'll open up offices in all major refugee camps near the conflict zone and you can submit your request there . . 
  that was beautiful . 
  '' reality asserts itself with overbearing force '' let 's see the reactions when it will be clear that lives will need to be taken for this to stop , that they 'll need to open fire on boats in mediterana and fire upon the ones rioting in the big cities of europe , because it wo n't stop . 
  it will only become more sustained over time . . 
  you mean like , in the south ? 
  the chinese . 
  no matter how much you haggle with them you 're getting a shit deal . . 
  no , romania did not offer . 
  it was agreed as a solidarity measure to take this amount . 
  then the number increased to 6500 . 
  all this for schengen refugees . 
  romania is not a part of schengen , beinng denied ascension by germany and holland on political reasons . . we refused the new number . . 
  the entire eastern european block is against . 
  it 's not the rest . 
  it 's the entire eastern european front . 
  it 's all shits and giggles until you recreate the iron curtain with idiotic measures with russia knocking at the gates . . 
  he 's right . 
  let 's start by building the biggest and finest refugee camp the world has ever seen ... at calais ... 
  the nerve on this fucker . . 
  romania has always been autistic about external stuff for the last 2 decades . 
  there were times major tragedies happened and our foreign affairs did n't even issue a statement of condolences and moral support , let alone help and supplies . 
  that 's what you get when the job is given to political puppets . . 
  in my view merkel has signed her political suicide with that declaration . 
  if the situation will get far worse , and it probably will it 's going to be far easier to sacrifice merkel 's head than move an entire continent towards her will . 
  also , after this clusterfuck i would also expect some high ranking euroheads to fall . 
  i can not imagine a way that this shit would have been handled that 's worse . . 
  in our national media there is a joke being repeated . 
  it was not the russians , it was the immigrants . 
  now seriously , if all those men had as so much as a pistol they would have conquered half of europe . 
  without any weapon they reached germany , denmark and sweden . 
  i do n't think there is any other proof pf how weak europe really is than this . 
  and the russians know it . . 
  yeah , italy is asking the same questions for more than 2 years , greece for more than a year . . 
  umm , lots of these people have crossed a sea . 
  danube is just a small bump in the road . 
  smugglers will quickly provide boats to cross it . . 
  i 'd wait it out . 
  it did n't tip yet . . 
  which is in the reach of multiple parties . . 
  i ca n't decide . 
  so many cool places . . 
  yes , yes you are . . 
  mind , you romania 's euromps have voted for the quotas . 
  a conclusion has not yet been reached . 
  there were a few declarations but they may be only sabre rattling to push for something in exchange ( schengen ascension or something else ), 
  but what a cold !, 
  not really . 
  it does n't need to be cash in hand . 
  a plethora of incentives both for the parent and the child can be thought . 
  a reduced work program at max 7 hours until the child is 6 for example means a lot to a parent . 
  the state can subsidise that hour . 
  reduced transport costs , free healthcare for any child , free education and subsidized associated costs and so on . . also , what good is being rich as a state when any slightly serious issue can ruin it ? 
  i read a very entertaining article about that airport . 
  what a clusterfuck !, 
  you can be far more generous if you 're norway . 
  these need to be correlated with parents income and cost of living . 
  the plunge in lifestyle is the main reason middle class families put off children . 
  a child is hugely expensive as it gets older . . 
  this is a contributing author and he does n't know fuck about what 's at play here and how many factors , issues and sensibilities are on the table . 
  well obviously not generous enough . . 
  i actually consider it the second most important civilizational force after the roman empire . 
  violence and injustice were and probably be inherent to any great power . . 
  any subgroup that is overrepresented in poverty will be overrepresented in crime stats . 
  that 's the key factor . 
  and the key cause . 
  lack of work permits . 
  oh , have n't you heard ? 
  nobody gives a fuck about treaties in europe for more than a decade . . 
  and when they realise that a giant shit will hit a colossal fan . . 
  well i do n't remember any occasion when it was transpired that for example romanians and bulgarians were welcomed . . 
  it 's the number he got when he asked the administration how many can we decently accommodate . . 
  i just think he started negotiating . 
  the stakes are cristal clear . 
  schengen or no quotas . 
  the probable outcome is phased schengen ascension ( first with the airports as that 's not the point where the immigrants flux is concentrated ) in exchange for about 10k refugees . 
  apparently we 'll need to buy the rights agreed by treaties . . a genius move would also be to go to turkey , lebanon and jordan , set emergency consulates and cherry pick skilled people along with their families . 
  having skilled men would help the economy , having the entire family would drastically reduce the outflow of remittances on one hand , and on the other small children educated in the native culture would a strong pillar for integration . 
  they should be given the right to work from day one and special conditions for loans to acquire housing . 
  that is in my opinion a way to do it right . .
