  that should be enough for the crops i reckon . . 
  change comes in waves . 
  smoking in public spaces was also banned in romania a few days ago . 
  i think it will take effect from 1 january 2016, 
  honestly , no . 
  it needs more than money . 
  it needs propaganda . . 
  fist bump serbia !, 
  what 's a romania moment ? 
  oh i would strongly disagree . 
  a strong currency coupled with a corrupt or incompetent government can lead to disasters . 
  just look at greece . 
  providing the battery technology stays the same , and space mining fails to achieve a competitive cost with depleted rare earth metals exploitations on earth . 
  but in reality rare earth metals are not really that rare . . 
  oh , silly me , i meant take a vacation !, 
  we have tones of adventure gear just bought in the multitude of adventure shops and malls that you find at every corner . 
  well since we 're bros now we 're both gon na ' invade ukraine so we can be neighbors again  ) sorry ukraine , you ca n't stand in the way of love !, 
  and so we start the eastern tango !, 
  may this be the start of a relation similar to the one france and germany have !, 
  enjoy this shit . 
  i remember a few years back we were bitching about lack of snow on christmas . 
  right after the holidays it snowed so much people were burried alive in their houses . 
  twas a national emergency . 
  then came the wind and cold , then floods . 
  so yeah . 
  weather is warmer . 
  global warming is being felt first hand , but damn i hate a bitchy winter . . 
  i saw it as punishment for the war . 
  fucking nails it . 
  i remember red faced lavrov trying to argument about tourists in crimea in a room full of smiling people . . 
  austria 's private sector is heavily invested in eastern europe . 
  for example they own about half of romania 's banking sector . 
  i do n't imagine this will have no consequences foe the austrian businesses in ee . . 
  powered hops in 1906 . . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/traian_vuia there is also aurel vlaicu just a few years later https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/aurel_vlaicu and i think henri coanda also invented the jet engine and discovered the coanda effect . . 
  probably , but it never happened to me with others . . 
  tickets were bought by the company . 
  there probably was a cashback , do n't know . . 
  there was a time we looked at hungary with admiration . 
  not anymore . . 
  i have no idea if it is legal but apparently it is possible to sell more tickets on a plane than the number of seats . . 
  oh , klm told me once that the plane to the states is full and me and my friend who owned tickets for a couple of months need to take the next flight a few hours away . 
  i actually lost my words . 
  i was amazed that this could happen . 
  they 're dead to me . . 
  there was a wave of anti gay propaganda sweeping the western world starting with the hiv epidemic in the 80 's . 
  a lot of social etiquette has been lost . 
  men have been taught not to touch each other . 
  i feel we 've lost a lot on the way . 
  as a straight guy i would have no problem holding the hand of another man if i would n't be stigmatized for that or thought of as having romantic affection towards him . 
  we came in under surveillance mechanisms regarding the justice system at our request . 
  maybe you should too . . 
  we know the struggle , keep pressuring , the rock will move . . 
  no insult taken , i was adding to your point . . 
  and then there are the other states which although weak on their own with resources pulled together can become a formidable force . . 
  think north korean levels . . 
  what ? 
  not pc enough ? 
  the gypsies make money on the back of the normal dude . 
  the orthodox church makes money on the back of the poorest , illest , uneducated and life beaten people . 
  who is worst ? 
  a vein on russia 's forehead is preparing to burst . . 
  oh come on . 
  russia has been creeping for decades into eastern europe buying factory over factory , politicians one by one , oil companies , gas companies , steel companies , banks and so on . . you should thank germany for its retarded and schizophrenic foreign policy because if ukraine did n't happen europe would have had a pivot to vladivostok . 
  how do you counter europe + russia if they want to do some shit ? 
  do priests in `` the us , canada and a lot of other countries '' take bribes ? 
  all of that may be true but german auto brands are lovemarks . 
  people love these brands . 
  it will take a lot more fuck ups to dilute such colossal brand equity , and the fact that the cars run pleasantly only helps their case . . 
  it 's the barbecuing . 
  it 's a national sport in romania . . 
  no additional help . 
  in romania priests are paid by the state . 
  all great cities worth at least a visit . 
  with planet tickets starting at 50 euros i 'm surprised city breaking is n't booming in eastern european cities . . 
  if silvio was in power he would have destroyed isis to steal their virgins ... 
  so you 're saying the magyars in romania ai n't worth shit ? 
  the guy was a electronics engineer and had a passion for airsoft . 
  allegedly , what he was trying to build was a nail bomb using airsoft grenades as a base which would have their plastic pellets replaced with metal fragments . 
  the detonation would have been executed via mobile phone . . 
  i feel this is precisely the time to overreact . . 
  they have intercepted calls and meetings . 
  it ai n't only that . . but yes . . let 's wait for some more details . 
  i have serious doubts about the relevance of the statistics for romania . . 
  use teh google luke !, 
  yes . . 
  about 80 % of brits i met , both online and irl think that romania and bulgaria are kept outside schengen so that they could n't travel freely to the uk ... 
  i think this behavior of closing the economic space at the earliest signs of tension will cost russia dearly in the medium future . 
  there is a big no go sign in russia for any investor for at least a decade . . 
  in other news : hungarian antitero forces descend upon comicon . 
  moldova has virtually no army . 
  transnistria has a russia army stationed there and a significant amount of stored weapons . 
  it would n't be easy at all . 
  and the population is fiercely russophile . 
  what people forget is that moldova has already been through what ukraine is experiencing now . 
  moldova 's donbas is transnistria . . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  you guys are still at the level where you 're outraged by blatant signs of corruption . 
  i whish i still had the capacity . . 
  it 's ironic that most likely if the dude would have shouted : `` all the cunts here can suck my cock ! '', 
  he would probably be verbally attentioned and be left alone . .
