  there 's actually a story to that . 
  many gypsies were very skilled craftsmen in the past working in artisanal stuff in wood ( brooms for example was one of their signature products ) and in metal ( pots , pans , ovens and the sorts and most notably roofs made from metal foils ) when a gypsy craftsmen would build the roof to his house it made sure to add all the bells and whistles as a showcase to other of his capabilities , this is why they have these crazy roofs . 
  slowly these roofs became a staple of gypsy architecture . . 
  i like slavs except the russians . 
  even russians would be ok if they 'd chill the fuck down . . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's just the 80 % who are supporting putin . . 
  what 's that ? 
  only the ones that drink their coffee ... black . 
  want to be rich ? 
  be metal !, 
  greece found out the secret . 
  they 're trying to be more metal now . 
  eu fund gave mayors of cities , small towns and villages the chance to apply for funding for their projects directly circumventing the nefarious funds allocation of the governments . 
  a lot more shit has been done at the local level because of this . 
  another factor to be considered is the significant growth of the gdp between 2002 and 2016 which is being felt . 
  romania could turn out to be a smash hit of the eu in the region . 
  the eu needs this sort of case study to strengthen it 's soft power , fend off critics , curve extremism , tackle russian propaganda and influence in the area . 
  next year we will celebrate the 10th anniversary of eu membership . 
  compared to a decade ago the country shows profound transformations . 
  if it 's to stay the course , the eu will get it 's poster child . . 
  you 're on point . 
  the scale of corruption was and still is gigantic . 
  there are probably hundreds of thousands of people involved in some form or other . 
  this is the main reason romania and all the region as a matter lag behind so much compared to the west . 
  a large part of the vital funds needed for the modernisation of the country has been embezzled by slime like this . . 
  the circus is back in town . . 
  i think the church is at 51 % atm . 
  does n't matter though . 
  whatever they do they will get more and more irrelevant . . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's about smuggling people nowadays . 
  will they reorient the russian any stationed there too ? 
  lesser poland . 
  sounds like a great place . . 
  oh that 's easy for romania . 
  you only need on word and it starts with g. on a second note . 
  you can make pretty much anyone in europe mad by bringing it about . . 
  no , the rural part is mostly still fucked . 
  the big cities though are booming . . 
  fuck yeah portugal !, 
  bravo !, 
  isolated exceptions do not weaken the point . 
  do you have proof ? 
  romania decided they do n't want to be slav some time ago . . 
  police is a joke in western europe . 
  half a planet knows it . 
  that 's why they get rivers of delinquents from all over the world and shit like this from the islamists . . 
  not could . 
  romania at least is poised to no let it slide . 
  they make friggin ' iphones !, 
  we 're gonners !, 
  i was exiting the metro in milan in one of my trips and saw that it started to rain . 
  out o nowhere the tat vendors pulled out umbrellas . 
  they asked for 10 euros . 
  i ended up buying an umbrella for 3 . 
  if they 'd provide this kind of on demand service all the time i would not have anything against them . . 
  whoa !, 
  obviously you know what the fuck you 're talking about and obviously i 'm wrong . 
  thx for the details . . 
  because they are not intended solely as missile defense . 
  i am fairly certain they 're going to bring nukes in these stations . 
  to install them would be fairly easy . 
  now that does modify the balance of forces . . 
  math on a train !, 
  what the fuck is happening to the world ? 
  burn this filthy wizard !, 
  burn him in a public space !, 
  let the children watch !, 
  you do n't understand dude . 
  large territories of their countries wo n't be habitable for humans . 
  for the lulz !, 
  jokes aside i find russians to be very theatrical . 
  they seem to find a lot of significance in gestures like these . 
  i think they think they are intimidating . . 
  so ... umm . . berlin ? 
  no russians and americans this time . 
  they tend to trash the place . . 
  then there 's nothing else we can do but go out for a pint . 
  for the average joe ppp is all that matters . 
  a lot of the huge wealth in developed countries is concentrated in very few hands . . 
  welcome slovenia !, 
  did you bring beer ? 
  dude , budapest is the capital of hungary . 
  you were probably thinking of bucharest the capital of romania , or trolling . . 
  paris just embarassing everyone else  gorgeous !, 
  you are welcomed mr timmermans !, 
  yes you do . 
  for herd imunity and to prevent epidemics like the one currently happening in romania due to antivaxers and the drop in vaccination rate . . 
  yeah but who does n't like it 's own pula ? 
  you 're way , way wrong . 
  you try to cherrypick some half assed arguments when all the countries that ended up joining the eu are way better off than those that stayed behind . 
  the eu is serbia 's future , no way around it . 
  there 's something of with the tests . 
  it might be possible for example that some countries curriculums are set in such a way that they favor better results or viceversa . . 
  oh , we do have a bunch , where you 've been the last 3 months ? 
  yeah , but the turks did n't split berlin in half for half a century . . 
  we 're talking about the berlin that was split in 2 by the russians . 
  it 's deeper than recent events, 
  but putin has the support of the majority of russians . 
  what is the percentage of people that support putin ?
