  i am positive that old and dusty as they are they 're still better than what we have . . 
  let it be noted that the average face of a romanian does n't resemble a gipsy . 
  had to be said . 
  you know why nato likes to remember everyone stuff like this . 
  because , for example in romania nobody thinks that the brits will send their boys to defend the romanian land and people in case of an invasion . 
  not before we 're smashed to smithereens and shit has the potential to reach central europe at least . 
  so they pretend to cover our back and we pretend to believe them . . 
  no man . 
  a lot of european talk about about their countries . 
  a lot of the said countries are n't even shit . 
  it 's not typical to a single country . 
  it 's human nature . 
  fuck i love these tomatoes !, 
  i often contemplate the fact that there hordes of individuals who do n't know how a tomato should taste . 
  i pity the fools !, 
  with interest . . 
  your first sentence . 
  i hear that a lot in romania also . 
  regarding putin . 
  in lack of peaceful regime change the only one who can overthrow him is somebody more machiavelic . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's like the russian say . 
  then it got worse . . 
  if we 're at a point of sincerity i should mention though while i do n't hate the russian people as a whole i do hate your current administration and the russian macho nationalists surrounding it , but nowadays who does n't . 
  i realise . 
  see below . 
  surprisingly i agree with most of what you said . 
  let me break it down . 
  romanian are less russophobic than you 'd think . 
  certainly less than poland . 
  there is animosity but mostly people are just ignorant of russian culture . 
  regarding my comment i was thinking out loud a cinycal strategy that rebels might be poised to take in a critical situation . 
  the civilian casualties in this hypothetical situation would be inflicted by the ukrainian side . 
  the rebels would use the civilian population as a shield ( like hamas was firing rockets from the vicinity of schools and hospitals or from near the hotel that was hosting the international press reports ) this is of course would be despicable and killing civilians is a war crime no matter the circumstances . . 
  damn !, 
  ok . you win !, 
  no it 's not debatable . 
  london is one of the top cities of the world . 
  so to force that they need to stay as close as they can to civilians to provoke as much victims as they can for the pretext to be sound . 
  they will send innocents to the slaughterhouse to achieve their interests . 
  you go spain !, 
  happy to finally hear some good news from the south . . 
  i do n't have official figures but i can assure you , portugal has nothing on bulgaria and romania where the numbers are in the millions . . 
  gazprom is an economic weapon . 
  yeah , apart from that ... 
  it 's well worth it . 
  it 's a great community . 
  that 's basically the nuclear option . 
  he 's trying to strong arm the west for improved suport . . 
  this can be really good or really bad . 
  either the ones died were war mongers or they are trying to promote deescalation . 
  probably the latter as recent moves show putin to become more and more paranoid and confrontational . 
  hounds of war are howling . . 
  i get you man . 
  and you 're right . 
  that 's why the current discussion is about entering schengen first with the airports . 
  not everybody affords to fly and airports have serious security checks . 
  that should cut the undesirables . 
  one more thing i want to add . 
  the damage is pretty much allready done . 
  every gipsy wise guy who wished it is already in the west . 
  a more thought of , and slower ascension could of spared both parts the embarrassment . 
  you tell 'em soft voice shy guy with glasses !, 
  damn georgia , that shit is tight !, 
  the europe imposing sanctions . . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  highways need maintenance too . 
  and it 's not like other roads would disappear . . 
  the swiss , pissing in europe 's face yet again . . 
  yep . 
  also a factor for business but a non issue in infrastructure projects for example . 
  there is a mix of factors why these funds are not being accessed from a nightmarish birocracy , lack of education , ultra reglementation etc. 
  the most important factor is by far the financing . 
  it seems that the majority of people do n't perceive the fact than these funds will be payed to whomever finishes a project after it 's completion by the romanian states which will be repayed later by the eu . 
  neither regular folks nor the romanian state have the capital for big scale projects . 
  the romanian state prestently sits on razor-sharp equilibrium concerning budgetary targets and they simply ca n't afford to refund large sums to private benefitors of eu funds . 
  that 's why most of the funds that are being accessed go to small projects for small sums of money . 
  the reality is these funds are mostly a sadistic cynical trick and the few that managed to collect them are in the 1 % , of persistence , stress endurance and determination . 
  forgot to add that for a couple of years following the crisis banks stayed away from financing these projects also . 
  i do n't get why they still come up with these stupid stupid reasons ... 
  true that . 
  austria is also loved . . 
  there 's no hate man . 
  they asked which countries they like . 
  we just like others more . . and it 's relative to the country , you know , roads and infrastructure , scenic places , landmark buildings , great food . . all of that . 
  and as romanians really dislike the state of their country and bulgaria is roughly in the same state as romania you get that percentage . 
  i never had a bad experience with a bulgarian and like you guys . 
  you 're great people and we are more alike than we care to admit . . , 
  you dun goofed by a meter there with those players . 
  what ? 
  you are filthy rich as a nation mate . 
  look around you . 
  look at your roads , your schools , hospitals , parks and so on . 
  if they are propper that is wealth . 
  national wealth . 
  we could only dream of the infrastructure of denmark . 
  visit romania and you 'll get an exercise in humbleness . . 
  ok ! , romania will buy them from france if they are so stingy about a few billion . 
  germany , quick , borrow us a few billion !, 
  usa !,
