  interesting times ahead . 
  source, 
  you 'd be surprised to what extreme child protection services go in the north . 
  there were multiple international scandals regarding sweden and norway for example . 
  this is not personal autonomy . 
  the child can not discern . 
  this is the right of the children to health versus the right of the parent to choose for the child . 
  if in case of abuse or neglect that right is suspended specifically to safeguard the health of the child i do n't understand where do you find a flaw in the logic . 
  that 's deaths , not cases . 
  cases are in a different ballpark . 
  nope . 
  i 'm for not admitting them to schools and kindergarten . 
  also parents should not receive welfare unless they vaccinate their children . 
  the rights of the child are above the rights of the parents upon that child . 
  you are not allowed consciously or unconsciously to endanger the life or health of your child and concurrently the child has a right to a healthy life . 
  i applaud italy 's decision and hope other countries , including my own follow soon . 
  this stupid and dangerous trend has to stop . 
  as i 'm typing this children some as young as a few months are dying in romania from measles . 
  and it 's spreading . 
  it has reached hungary and serbia . 
  probably the most important factor . 
  i think they 're not going to fix in the way sweden and other nordics would like . 
  add to that that everyone seems to agree nowadays that the whole thing can suddenly implode after the shock of the brexit . 
  macron winning was a huge breath of relief for many politicians in europe . 
  do n't think so . 
  we 're talking about some fiscal transfers here . 
  i 'm sure gypsies have waited all these years to travel horrified by the prospect of showing an id at the border . 
  because that 's what 's changing . 
  if now we show an id when entering schengen , after that wo n't be necessary . 
  germany do n't give a fuck !, 
  what 's that ? 
  uk leaving ? 
  boys , crank it up a notch !, 
  my ass . 
  nobody knows for sure . 
  that 's why the margin . 
  being in the middle of europe surrounded by rich neighbors played a bigger part i can assure you . 
  how about quadrupling your police force to find and deport any illegals or anyone that breaks the tiniest rule ? 
  it 's the fastest growing region in the world besides asia . 
  do tell what exactly you feel is not going right . 
  that implies anywhere from 5 to 25 years of shit for all or a good part of the countries that have it . 
  i it 's not happening . 
  are n't cohesion funds just a kind of fiscal transfer ? 
  if they 'll do it it ai n't going to be called that and it will be done very gradually . 
  was renzi that bad ? 
  pic is from last year . 
  at this point in time with europe growing and unemployment slowly decreasing nothing does n't sound so bad . 
  welcome back france !, 
  hope to see you more at the helm of europe now !, 
  a huge mistake imho . 
  i wanted to kick out our president in the face when he rallied to the position of other easterners in the middle of the crisis . 
  he had an historyc opportunity to come out and in opposition with orban say that we stand with germany and austria and italy and will help them . 
  we would have gotten a shitload of money to accommodate refugees , gain a lot of prestige points , and future goodwill from the aforementioned countries . 
  in the end i think we would n't have gotten that much of a number of refugees as a lot of them would have left again for western europe after a while ... 
  the architecture is fantastic !, 
  can you bathe in that lake in the summer ? 
  do you think bmw , mercedes and vw do their cars with a wrench . 
  germany is one of the most robotized countries on the globe but they produce so much there 's a place for hans in the ecosystem too . 
  more to the point , in many areas of europe there 's a shortage of qualified labor . 
  italy is just embarrassing everybody up in this joint , 
  no it is not . 
  these are not only poles or romanians , but every other nationality in europe working in all fields from the lowest to the highest skilled . 
  cut out any single nationality from the country and you ensure a veto from that country on any future aspect of negotiation with the eu . 
  cut out all of them and you 're nuking your economy and ensure not only that you wo n't get any deal with europe this generation but more to the point that you antagonize all of europe to the point of bitter adversaries . 
  the way out is simple though , but shameful : a norway style deal . 
  trust me mate . 
  those of us that can discern appreciate it . 
  and you compare their handling of it with whom ? 
  who was more competent ? 
  oh , do n't fret , nobody said that our present day socialists are actually socialists . 
  they 're right on the alt right alley also . 
  they have every right to be . 
  in light of recent events they 're the leaders of the free world from a moral stand point . 
  while the brits were cooking up the brexit on the wave of a sickening racist and xenophobic campaign , the eastern europeans turned back to nationalism and authoritarian rule and the americans elected trump , germany was receiving millions of refugees and poor migrants . 
  you might say the moral high ground does n't mean shit but that coupled with economic and diplomatic performance puts germany in the top most respected countries in the world . 
  if there is a model for weaker countries to follow germany is a logical choice , if there is to be somebody that teaches the rest how to run a country who better . 
  so yes , germany is preaching it 's gospel but there is n't any other true prophet who can preach it better . 
  and before anybody says they 're only follow their interest i must remind them that as of right now in most cases for the majority of european countries , germany 's interest is their interest . 
  if germany sneezes half of eastern europe drops into recession . 
  the economies nowadays are that interconnected . 
  the socialists just won the election in romania for example on a nausea inducing nationalist campaign . 
  the russian are ironically right . 
  we 're still nazis ( yes i know the term refers strictly to the flavour hitler pushed but i 'm forcing it to make a point ) . 
  the irony is so are the russians under this logic . 
  shocking !, 
  are you living under a rock ? 
  we just had the biggest protests in the posr communist era in january . 
  i think i 'll have to take a walk with my 200.000 friends again . 
  orban , the stain of shit on europe 's forehead . 
  we got one in the brown . 
  can we get two in the pink ? 
  bitch pull out a map and see if you find cazacstan !, 
  then kazakia it is !, 
  to be fair , even without them you can read and understand pretty well in 99 % of the cases . 
  i think we 'll eventually drop them from the alphabet and use adaption like tz , sh etc. . 
  kazakia sounds cool ! . 
  i kinda want to vizit kazakia !, 
  such is the fate of our small.continent . 
  to be between two great powers to keep the balance . . 
  it 's non binding .
