  we 're not the most corrupt . 
  actually we 'll probably surpass italy in the next few years . . 
  this is spontaneous . 
  do all those people in your picture thought one day they should go in the streets and start chanting ? 
  that was long prepared , with flags and t-shirts and everything . 
  and the ideal includes everybody . 
  we only have the progressive in the streets . 
  by the way , what day of the week was that . 
  also , you want something more impressive from eastern europe . 
  check out the romanian revolution in ' 89 . 
  or the maidan in ukraine which will probably remain to be one of the most epic revolutions of the century . 
  also , you want impressive ? 
  25k people collapsed the government . 
  i call that exquisite efficiency . 
  what did your 1 mil people protest achieve ? 
  it 's not a contest though , people standing up for their rights , ideals , justice and freedom should be celebrated no matter the number , race , nationality , religion or social cast . . 
  probably yes . 
  but there are a lot of shades of grey . . 
  did you mean chinese ? 
  we had it in romania too during the communists, 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  you know you dun goofed when russians pity you . . 
  it was a freak accident . 
  the outrage comes from the fact that this club was not even the most dangerous regarding fires . 
  most of the clubs in the old town of bucharest are underground and you enter them through very tight stairs . 
  because of corruption proper controls are close to zero . 
  business owners grease the wheels of the administration to get permits with overlooked safety rules and in a more timely manner . 
  those who try to play it by the book face waiting times to get all permits of well over 6 months , sometimes years . 
  we are in a full fledged anti corruption war with a cancerous , rotten to the bone administration that is directly responsible for deaths like these . . 
  they 're placed only on the sides . . 
  traffic lights are present . 
  you can spot them if you look for them . 
  but when did traffic lights stopped determined people looking to spend time together in intersections ? 
  bitch please !, 
  only allies of germany nowadays are money . . 
  and take 500.000 refugees without bitching like the sky has fallen . . 
  prepare for eu wide telco massacre !, 
  you can use the services of any eu carrier . 
  the cheapest will have the most to benefit . . 
  or the distance they would span if they 'd travel a two way road , tightly packed . 
  does n't get anymore evocative than that . . 
  romanians had coposu , ratiu and others but communists had complete control of the media and the syndicates and opposition was crushed with beatings and intimidation in the first year after the fall . 
  the first true non communist government came to rule only in 96, 
  you have to define rich . 
  ee will never be as rich as luxembourg but i have no doubt you will be able to have a decent fulfilling life if you study and work hard . 
  leave it to the croatians to try to up the romanians on hopelessness . . 
  this exasperates me . 
  i often suspect pure stupidity , as lying on the internet , with a fact check a tab away indeed is stupid , but sometime it 's something else . 
  a distasteful arrogance that 's cool only in the twisted mind of a nationalistic russian . . 
  you 'd be amazed how fast things can go south with the help of propaganda campaigns . 
  just look at the declarations concerning the refugee crisis in the balkans . . 
  there are thousand facets to being european , the one that lingers in my head right now is the opinion oh how a crap load of shit should be , look , function and so on . 
  a ton of this stuff was passed down by our ancestors ( like the roman law which forms the base of our legal systems ) . 
  one day we dream of being even one pinch of yellow . . 
  the way the eu works has nothing to do with the way europe really functions . . 
  romanians can travel the eu without a passport since 2007 , hence gypsies . 
  at this point in regard to the population is a prestige matter . 
  there are some economic advantages though . . 
  i would buy a diesel vw right now . 
  there are rumors that they 're going to give you a new car if you are between the ones affected . 
  either that or a new engine . 
  if romania would n't have joined in 2007 most probably we would be in the eurasian union today . . it was a geopolitical move first . . 
  not passport , regular id . . 
  the move was made in order not to get refused . 
  if refused we would have to spend 1.5 years applying again . 
  we had strong signals that germany and france would vote against so we chose to delay ... 
  and if rejected we would have to start the proceedings that take 1.5 years all over again . 
  best to delay it for more favourable times . . 
  i 've said it before . 
  if they wan na take these guys out they 'll need to be even more terrible than them . 
  if somebody could do it , it 's the russians , but it 's going to get very very messy . . 
  i have faith in the capacity of moldavians to swing this around to make it seem that we 're actually raping them in the ass while the truth is this is really a handout that we barely can afford . 
  nobody really expects this money back . 
  this . 
  there were recent tax cuts and more in the following year . . 
  it 's just a mix of circumstances with very low probability of repeating . . 
  bucharest , maybe sibiu . 
  not sure how cheap will it be on new year 's eve though . 
  prices tend to jump at the end of the year . . 
  fuck no !, 
  siria is a big trap right now . 
  let the russians break their neck there . . 
  the dna effect . 
  everybody is scared shitless to sign anything, 
  bucharest . 
  look it up . . 
  dude . . no ... 
  please . . 
  yeah , this just melts my brain . 
  danish are on a medium richer than over 90 % of the world population but many of them ca n't afford a car . . 
  it 's just weird to me . . 
  that means you have legislation that cover these situations probably . . tough luck . . 180 % is obscene, 
  what if the car is n't yours . 
  i 'm asking this because in romania due to a tax stunt on secon hand cars a new phenomenon appeared . 
  people were registering their cars in bulgaria under a name of a bulgarian . 
  they were bulgarians with hundreds of cars and because both countries are in the eu they could n't stop them to drive on romanian roads . 
  are there loopholes that the danish exploit to work around these obscene taxes ? 
  how long can somebody with a car registered in say . . germany . . drive it on danish roads ? 
  but a rough trend is there i believe . . 
  probably the richer the more atheist . .
