  i thought so . . 
  i ca n't remember anything being lit in moscow say , for example mh17 . 
  i wanted to say that you 're not the only one that recently got shitty results in the elections , but romania is at least on the other side of the eu fence and we still have dna . 
  so i feel you bro . 
  but who would have been the better choice . 
  certainly not the dude who ran on a parody platform i presume . . 
  yup , it 's the lower working force who sends money back . 
  engineers can afford to bring their families . . 
  chinese immigrants are the best immigrants you could really ask from the position romania is . . 
  romania and bulgaria are the poorly dressed dudes that skip classes and always ask for cigarettes . 
  richer kids buy them shots when going out , they get shitfaced and trash the place making everybody angry but in the end they are forgiven and allowed to hang with the cool kids because they were beaten by their parents when they were smaller . 
  they also seem to be coming around , somehow getting decent grades and kids who take the time to talk to them a little say they 're cool in their quirky way . . 
  what kind of communist bullshit is this !, 
  if you search for the ugly you 're going to find it anywhere . 
  the 90 's were bad , poverty was widespread but these pictures do not represent the norm , but the extremes . 
  remember this name !, 
  at 2 celsius climate warming most of bangladesh will be under water . 
  they have a population of 156 million . 
  the current waves of migration are just o drop of what 's coming . 
  damn , that 's a lot of freedom !, 
  or how everybody says them : a nazi . . 
  leave to the brits to equate no favors with threats . . 
  but the population will get poorer . . 
  you mean sasha the great ? 
  sooo . . let me get this straigt : 1 . 
  romanians can into slavs !, 
  romanians slavier than bulgarians !, 
  hungarians and romanians in fact long lost slavic bros !, 
  this changes everything !, 
  you mean dioclevic ? 
  i do n't know why they do n't quit the bullshit and admit the obvious thing . 
  belarusian are in fact sicillians !, 
  so what was the real name of hitler ? 
  the more interesting story is the one about his nephew born from adultery ( sent to eastern germany to avoid the scandals ) vlad putin\u0103 who was to become the leader of the straight world to whom ceau\u0219escu before his departing sent the following message : `` draw a stripe for the land , draw a stripe for the sea and a third for the sky . 
  make them white as the siberian winter and wear them with pride '' vlad lost the message in the train to germany but it was found by a man called adi dasslerovich who latter on founded the exclusivist fashion brand adidas . 
  tl dr : we by ourselves stopped the otoman hordes from conquering all of europe . 
  ca n't all this shit be solved with fyrom being called northern macedonia ? 
  what an elegant solution !, 
  good design on the wild . 
  there are an absurd number of regions and population that if given the chance would redraw borders . 
  europe is not by far split clean on ethnic borders . 
  we have multiple christian confession and islam , a fucktone of languages and a war so vicious it still remains in collective memory ( my grandpa usee to tell me insane stories ) . 
  top that with a resurgent russia actively trying to spread destabilization and do n't forget xenophobia , homophobia , corruption and extremism . 
  the eu seems a miracle if you look at it from this perspective . . 
  blatant racism , high distrust and prejudice . 
  the feelings are mutual though as most roma look at anybody who 's not them in different ways of demeanor . 
  but there is a noticeable working class and middle class of roma slowly rising . 
  these people are very close to full integration but are affected by the prejudice towards the stealing and begging part of them . 
  what is this fuckery ? 
  the map is all kinds of wrong . 
  romania uses `` cuvant '' not `` vorba '' for example, 
  no , it 's not correct . 
  nobody uses vorba for word . 
  vorba is closer to sentence as a meaning . 
  money does buy happiness !, 
  probably because of the opt outs . . 
  welcome to the eastern european mindset !, 
  it 's not . 
  i 've seen recent articles arguing about lower iq 's in some muslims population due to inbreeding and incest ( they are allowed to mary cousins ) . . 
  i often think it 's one of the best possible outcomes for transylvania though . 
  there is no way there would n't have been more war if it was n't incorporated in a romanian state back then . 
  the difference in population numbers was too big . 
  anyway let 's also remember that as hungarians , romanians too live in 2 different states at the moment , as others in europe also . 
  we should celebrate peace , we should strive for prosperity , equality and human rights . 
  we are siamese people . 
  we do have the capacity to coexist and prosper together . 
  you 're a traitor and a capitalist pig !, 
  see your commanding officer at the nearest craft coffee shop !, 
  you 'll be wearing crocs for the next 100 days for this !, 
  are you blind ? 
  there are plenty of people wearing them . 
  the uniform at the suggestion of hugo boss just suffered some minor modifications to be in tune with the times . 
  you know those jeans ripped at the knee ? 
  those are standard attire for officers . 
  higher ranks are edpected to mantain perfectly groomed beards that look that they are n't groomed at all . 
  official footwear is anything by adidas except the yeezy . 
  the dutch have so much economic power , political influence and diplomatic provess compared to their size and population it 's crazy . 
  it might just well be the netherlands do n't need anybody to kneel turkey as a potential war will be fought economically and diplomatically on the global stage . . 
  romania and bulgaria , the og second speed europe !, 
  yeah , i had relatives that received job and vacancy together . 
  one visited siberia to work in a coal mine . 
  well i have to agree here . 
  with all the hate they 're probably the prime candidate if god forbids there ever will be an `` again '' the hate is pervasive in every damn corner of europe . 
  the fuck it does . . what zone/country ? 
  gypsies in bucharest are way darker then that . 
  it seems the dutch & co are the real bringers of economic success here . . 
  no comrade . 
  you misunderstand . 
  russia is moving to ze west . 
  ze west can never move to russia !, 
  do it erdo !, 
  fucking do it !, 
  i want to see how you 're going to swallow again , as you did with the russians when the mighty hammer of the eu28 lands on your dictatorial ass !, 
  are these the best flag burners turkey has to offer ? 
  what 's up with this weak ass game turkey ? 
  you 're neighboring isis for god 's sake !, 
  those guys can burn the flags of over 90 countries with perfect execution !, 
  what will it take for you to step up with the true pros ? 
  should we draw mohammed ? 
  you 're making us do it !,
