  yeah , we used to get them for free also . 
  we did n't like that shit either . 
  once a guy on the street tried to give me a free apartment , i beat the shit out of him . 
  actually dogs bite other dogs quite a lot . 
  probably if we 're to go into statistics if a dog is bitten , chances are , in overwhelming majority , that it was by another dog . 
  so if dogs really do bite other dogs and nobody is biting the dutch the only logical conclusion is that in truth europeans are surely not dogs . 
  everybody can now sleep well . 
  mr erdogan 's logic kong fu is weak !, 
  he always played both hands as any respectable mogul . 
  what 's new ? 
  how much are flats there croatians bros ? 
  sounds about right  ), 
  protests against corruption in romania rallied even before everyone else to a strong pro eu stance . 
  you might remember the flag of the eu made by the crowd a few weeks ago . 
  i 'm on mobile . 
  search `` eu flag bucharest '', 
  it it does n't die this decade i think it 's fair to say it will end up to be confounded . 
  yes , that does mean the uk will be in the loop somehow . . 
  i kid  ), 
  ... and photoshop . 
  is this some kind of provocation comrades ? 
  time to get back constantinople boys !, 
  we need a neutral leader for our army . 
  how about the pope ? 
  with that kind of money we can develop nuclear capabilities and deployment vehicles ( icbms ) on our own . 
  i think the technology is accessible for the capabilities of polish and romanian scientists . 
  russians found the list of double agents ? 
  if we replace the scotland and england with the uk and eu i think the arguments still stand , 
  damn !, 
  i bet a lot of brits think this way . . 
  china will probably have it 's century and they deserve it . 
  there is no other single country that had the global impact that china had in making life easier for people of all classes and races in the last few decades . 
  europe is concerned with other matters to act like a global player . 
  knowing romanian women of the manager type i am not surprised . 
  these ladies take no bullshit . . 
  this picture is banned in russia . 
  was not dissapointed  ), 
  oh my , that 's just at another level . 
  is warsaw split in districts like bucharest and berlin ? 
  i ask because besides the main city hall in bucharest there are another 6 smaller city halls for the 6 sectors ( districts ), 
  knowing the germans , `` not functioning '' probably means that a defective traffic light was not repaired for the outrageous of 3 hours !, 
  macy for friends . 
  or simpler north macedonia . 
  of course . 
  wind , nuclear , hydro and solar make a good mix . 
  if shit hits the fan you could add some natural gas burners to balance the grid . 
  coal can simply be eradicated in a lot of places and eventually will be . . 
  in another 10-15 years the majority you 're speaking of will become the majority . 
  we climbed up from a very deep hole . 
  i agree we should n't have been let in in the eu in 2007 , but that was that and i think romania did n't have a bad trajectory so far . 
  the most serious issue was the criminality export but that too has subsided now . 
  i 'm moderately optimistic , as your description applies word by word to a number of countries surrounding us and we did better than them so far . . 
  would n't feeding them poison be even more efficient, 
  two speed is basically federation for the cool kids and probably perpetual lobby for the rest . 
  the danger is the forming of blocks that clash . 
  after the first protests a few fb groups popped up . 
  people in those groups came with ideas . 
  a part of them organised it . 
  some are activists that did stuff with other ocassions ( like the time we portested against a canadian gold mining corporation ) , some are not , just people angry at shit happening with some time on their hands . 
  i know because i 've been added to a few of them and followed the discussions . . 
  no dude . 
  it comes after we did the romanian flag a few days ago . 
  we did the eu because for us the eu was a driving force for the anticorruption fight , transparency and good governance . 
  it was set up on facebook , some people gathered and took measurements , some people made the stars in the same way we brought projectors and lasere projectors at the height of the protests . 
  when a lot of people are like minded things like this happen . 
  i truly hope so . 
  for the sake of all us . 
  it is and i understand that . 
  my fear is absenteeism and the lack of a main rival . 
  no 2-3 are too close . 
  how will the votes transfer ? 
  ( do people voting for one of them could vote for the other in the second run ) . 
  another question i have . 
  are the french used to voting the lesser evil ? 
  and another . 
  could russia precipitate events that would drown the challengers ? 
  i hope you realise that you can find identical remarks , word by word , regarding trump before the us elections . . 
  if we 're to look at recent history le pen is going to unexpectedly win and detonate europe . 
  winter is coming . 
  so landlocked countries would have zero refugees right ? 
  vere is glorious dacia ?!, 
  note to self . 
  do n't wash car this month . . 
  i do n't think this feat will be replicated soon in history if ever . 
  just incredible !, 
  resignation of the government . 
  probably wo n't happen . 
  we 'll manage to abolish the laws it seems . 
  it 's still being played . 
  there 's a vote in the parliament due . . 
  i think we 'll probably see something like that in the future . 
  the signals are promising . 
  i know . 
  i have doubts on nato too . 
  an alliance between us seems natural . 
  would n't be the first time too , but i do n't know if it 's possible political wise due to nato . 
  yeah , that too . . 
  we have nato . 
  you mean something more ? 
  russia is not a one trick pony .
