  sir , let me praise you for being one of the few men i 've meet in this fine assembly that understands the predicament . 
  you ca n't stop globalisation dude . 
  it has been tried by the eastern bloc and the soviet union . 
  it has been tried by china . 
  everybody figured out it ai n't working . 
  you are in one of the countries that realised early on and benefited by it for decades . 
  imagine nokia selling in just a few countries in europe . 
  incidentally the same country that is fucking us all atm has fucked you particular hard . 
  there is no way in hell we as separate little countries we will be able to fight a china that uses every dirty trick in the book to hustle on the world stage . 
  we need the power of big blocks wit giant carrots and giant sticks . 
  i know finland is going through some shitty times atm but make no mistake they 'd be a lot shittier with finland outside the eu . . 
  we could say this is ... monumentally stupid !, 
  they needed somebody that 's easy to hate . 
  behold the goose that shall be served at the eu banquet !, 
  this woman is cannon meat and executioner at the same time . 
  a scapegoat to be blamed and tossed for when the full effect of this colossal strategic error comes in effect . 
  a butcher that needs to cut a leg that nobody is really sure no more if it was gangrenous ... 
  oh i see how she could become a darling of the press and europe if she manages to snatch the seat . 
  charisma and looks play a much more important role in politics than people would like to admit . . 
  did n't feel that way to me . 
  i was rooting for portugal but to me it seemed that france was the team that would finally win right up to the second half of the additional time . . 
  norway master race is laughing at all peasants . . 
  so if romanians are second class , what are the gypsies ? 
  i want you to say it . . 
  that did n't seem to stop them becoming allies and taking us to war with them . . 
  when i visited the states i heard stories about gypsies coming in the us by getting into mexico and then land crossing the border . 
  this specific story involved a man , two children and a pregnant woman . 
  gypsies go where the fuck they want . 
  we 've been actually started to bleed gypsies the second communism collapsed . 
  getting shot at the border trying to leave kept them from fleeing before . 
  once the curtain fell they left at an exponential rate as the first ones were only building the bridges for their very extended families to follow . 
  will gypsies invade canada ? 
  would canada see an increase in the numbers . 
  probably . 
  you 're probably thinking nad . . national anticorruption directorate, 
  we did . 
  this spiked last quarter growth . 
  transylvania , then go down to bucharest then go down to the bulgarian black sea coast . 
  cheap , safe , inside the eu so less worry about paperwork , and very friendly people . 
  romania counts on it , car assembly and car parts , energy & tourism . 
  agriculture has room for growth too . 
  the potential is there less we fuck it up somehow . . 
  one word . 
  dna . 
  the eu is the reason we have dna . 
  listen carefully !, 
  you can hear the sound of fist hitting table !, 
  ottomans , russians , orthodoxism , communism , gypsies , poverty . 
  shit 's been all kinds of fucked up . . 
  heart attack stand off !, 
  at one point i was rooting for them to run out of players and have the goalkeepers execute kicks . 
  that would have been a sight to behold . 
  great game !, 
  he 's going to fuck you whether you join nato or not . 
  the power to cut your exports in russia rests in one single fat finger . 
  if you blink you 're his bitches . 
  when we talk about russia good relations usually means sucking putin 's cock and we all know there 's no such thing as `` just the tip '' once in your mouth he 's going for deepthroat . . 
  3 words have remained etched in my brain from this article : `` patriotic iphone covers '', 
  i wanted to do a joke about wwii but then i realized i would be that guy . 
  do n't be that guy . 
  excellent plan !, 
  welcome back uk !, 
  what a great attitude on these ladies amid all the hardship . . 
  think about it . 
  the first one in has the chance to rape uk a little as it will be very thirsty for a deal to signal the world that `` we totally got this bros ! '', 
  it 's not about that . 
  there are treaties signed with the eu . 
  educate yourself about the concept of a single market and about free movement to understand why is this important . 
  you 'll also be able to chip in in the brexit fiasco with this knowledge . 
  i would you give links but i 'm mobile and it 's tedious , but do use teh google . 
  all those summits , those moments when eu leaders respond to crises all over the world , the talks of peace when wars break out , the moments when we 're celebrating or commemorating , the parliament talks , the trade agreements , the gas wars , the cat and mouse game with russia , the deaf dialog with turkey and on on . . 
  in all of these ... 
  the uk will not have voice inside anymore . . 
  seems really surreal . 
  it 's sad and it 's probably heart wrenching for remainers . . 
  100k los jobs in what seem to be very lucrative areas carry the high risk of crashing the housing bubble . 
  if that is the case we 'll probably have another global recession as there are mountains of money trapped in the london market from all corners of the world . . 
  what 's the most hated type of immigration . 
  the one from the eu or the one from the outside . 
  because the uk is one of the championship of outside eu immigration also . 
  i 'm genuinely curious . . 
  it all makes sense when you look at it from that perspective but when you draw the line and look at it from outside it still seems stupid . 
  do n't downvote . 
  i genuinely do n't understand how this can be seen as a better deal than what the uk had . . 
  it 's not the remittances that are the most important . 
  i 'm surprised nobody mentions this . 
  the culture transfer is actually the most important factor . 
  have you ever wonder why revolutions come in waves ? 
  people and societies influence each other . 
  stronger countries with stronger cultures influence and weaker countries are influenced . 
  a large diaspora transfers back societal models and values beyond money , food , fashion , goods and so on . 
  without realizing the eu core and the north have and are changing the world . . 
  they should be proud . 
  they 'll fuck them with more and more regulation . 
  it was the uk who stood for lose regulation to please the city . 
  with the uk out and with no say they are exposed . 
  nevertheless if somebody calculated all this as a contingency plan this is pure , unadulterated genius . 
  romania gave a clear signal it would veto the agreement if canada did n't lift the visas for its citizens as it has for the rest of the eu . 
  bulgaria is in the same situation , i do n't know atm if they have the balls and what is their official position . 
  junker would rather avoid this as it seems canadians do n't intent to . .
