  it 's not the right time for junker to step down at the moment amid all the convulsion . . 
  they 're not expats no more . 
  they are now immigrants . . 
  if the uk political echelon thinks that they can blackmail the eu with the impact of trade tariffs ( and the loss of gdp that comes with it ) to the goods that flow from the eu to the uk they 're in for a great fucking surprise ( or anything else ) . 
  the last time someone tried that they failed spectacularly and the eu did n't budge an inch . 
  remember greece , remember their referendum and all that happened ? 
  under it 's soft facade the eu is a beast that no one , on the globe , can fuck with and remain unscathed . . 
  stay strong turkey !, 
  while attacks in turkey do n't get the same wave of teenagers changing their avatars in flags on social networks as those on western soil our thoughts are with you nevertheless . 
  be safe !, 
  damn , a '' double tap '' . 
  animals . 
  but scotland needs to climb up from the pile and extend a hand . 
  while it 's in , nobody will touch it with a stick as that means internal meddling with the uk 's affairs and will validate the voices that have claimed the eu is some sort of occupation force . 
  when they reach their hand we will catch it . . 
  wow , just wow !, 
  agree . 
  but just in case all of the red ones go , where should we establish the new capital of the eu ? 
  bucharest or sofia ? 
  any attempt to simplify all of this to single clear cause is beyond stupid . . 
  this internal politics shit . 
  it would be a grave mistake to show off hand in hand now . 
  the eu must wait on the shore until they clarify it internally ... 
  oh my , and i did it twice :( i have let my people down !, 
  it 's not all gloom and doom . 
  the uk miscalculated . 
  they 're going to loose some money . 
  they might loose scotland . 
  but solutions will present themselves for ni and even maybe for scotland . 
  life will go on . 
  the british wo n't die of hunger . 
  the eu will chug along . 
  right now everyone is emotional and in all breakups strong words are used before calm and reason are brought by the passing of time . 
  this situation hurt the eu too so it 's normal that some people feel bitter right now . 
  give it time . . 
  well done moldova !, 
  it 's the single most important actor of change for the better in romanian society . 
  most of us are incurable europhiles , yes . 
  for us a stronger europe meaning more control at brussels means a jump in administrative performance as our administration seems to be caught in the past . 
  this is exactly the kind of arrogance that got you into all this shit mate . 
  ok , my bad then . 
  i 've heard of bigger numbers . 
  still a significant number though . . 
  well is n't that natural/obvious ? 
  oh , you 're implying that i 'm from a shitty country . 
  umm , well , ok . best of luck . . 
  is that a. ... my god , it is !, 
  yeah , no . 
  they took almost a million ukrainians so your argument falls . 
  he meant romanians in the uk but do n't mind him , we are pretty fond of the poles despite our bad image there . . 
  wow . 
  you 're in a select club . 
  it 's called `` everybody '', 
  that was before the wave of terrorist attacks . . 
  we just had local elections in romania too . 
  same theme . 
  massive old people presence , very low young turnout . 
  the social democrats ( the inheritors of the old communist party ) won . 
  the old won . 
  they did n't vanish dude , they just moved to different pastures . 
  the real question is will they return , and more specifically . . where will they return ? 
  that ship has sailed though . 
  if the swiss pass the legislation the eu will bring the hammer . 
  it can not afford to go soft on this shit anymore in light of current events . . 
  sounds like he does n't know what the fuck he 's talking about . 
  he just described an ideal situation , that wo n't be offered even if he goes down on merkel and everybody else in that room . 
  go home boris . . 
  ok , so this is unilateral right now . 
  i knew about the referendum but did n't know they passed legislation . 
  did the eu respond till now ? 
  what special cap ? 
  i thought that is still being negotiated and the eu was pretty firm against it . . 
  same reasons the brits voted out . . 
  you can rest assure that after the dust settles the playing parties will do everything to minimize the losses . 
  at this moment two scenarios are plausible , both humiliating for the uk . 
  the first is to basically beg to remain in the eu , the second is to get out and continue as another norway , maybe with slightly less convenient terms . 
  both scenarios imply very little change for the rest of the eu . 
  both are loosing hands for the uk , but at the moment they are in the situation to choose the lesser evil . 
  has anyone ever entertained the thought that maybe this was desired ? 
  the haste with which they ask the uk to invoke article 50 , the finding of the lead negotiator in 24 hours , the talk about what they 're going to do next . 
  it 's as if the cogs of a finely tuned plan chug along nicely . 
  nobody even blinks at the top of eu . 
  strange ? 
  it 's beyond that . 
  it 's at gtfo at the moment . 
  they want to make a case study example for all the retards on the continent . 
  they also want to profit from the situation to advance the federalisation agenda and strengthen the eu institutions . 
  the hounds are out and they have smelled blood . . 
  the eu can take a beating longer than the uk i can assure you . 
  if they start delaying in less than 3 years the uk will implode . 
  have you wondered what would a leave vote in scotland would entail . 
  this is really a catastrophic act of stupidity and the best case scenario for the uk at the moment is to humiliate itself into being kept in the eu ( a scenario which starts to show signs of plausibility ), 
  of course they have prepared . 
  i would dare to say some blokes from brussels actually wanted it to happen . . 
  no it ca n't . 
  we can suspend their voting rights with a super majority after lisbon treaty . 
  they have a very weak hand . 
  their best card has been played already . 
  they will actually have less control over their politicians . . 
  keep strong serbia !,
