  who the hell is kosovo ? 
  it does n't exist in our manuals . . 
  you can say the same for the russian forces . 
  they did n't bring prosperity but peace they did . 
  no it wo n't . 
  not without catastrophic collapse and a lost generation . 
  otherwise the greek would have been kicked out a decade ago . 
  there is no way moldova wo n't default . . 
  romania can not into green . . 
  what if they give you a large base ? 
  they can achieve most of their objectives with a generous sized base which they can negotiate . . 
  put a cap on asylum capacity . . 
  is this a provocation ? 
  then we shall fly wearing shades !, 
  you would have to stop and show an id at every border . 
  there probably would be queues . . 
  where did you get that number ? 
  does it factor in transport ? 
  that is impossible . 
  you know plastics are made out of oil derivates right ? 
  synthetic clothing and so on . 
  oil can not fall beyond its production cost . 
  we are living in an anomaly . 
  enjoy the low price . 
  oil phasing out is going to happen much slower than you think and very gradually . 
  wo n't happen in our lifetimes , that 's for sure . . 
  the only thing left that we need is a team of hardened men lead by bruce willis !, 
  oil has a lot of application beyond fuel . 
  it will never be worthless . . 
  oh for fucks sake , not romania bragging about their internet speed again !, 
  every interaction with russia poisons you . 
  europe should stay the fuck away from russia . 
  russia does not understand the notion of partnership . 
  you 're either its bitch or its enemy . 
  sometimes both . . 
  wait !, 
  when did romania annex a part of ukraine ? 
  goddammit , i was away for 2 days !, 
  this is why people were telling me everybody is going in vacation this time of the year ? 
  so the chinese write in ancient emoji ? 
  damn it , this hits me in the feels and i do n't really give that many fucks about germany . 
  still feels that something precious to europe has been lost . . 
  that will add tenths of million more immigrants . 
  the only way is armed borders . 
  anything else is a pipe dream . . 
  well you 're in the same bucket then mate . 
  or do they pen to let you in without us . 
  2 damn rabbits . . 
  i have followed the discussion till now . 
  i also feel that you 're missing the fact that there is currently no barriers to crime besides a formal id card check even with us outside schengen . 
  that point seems moot to me . 
  i believe you can observe that citizen of countries half the world away can also , albeit with some difficulty , move freely to the most remote corners of western europe . 
  concerning border safety you probably know that in top of the draconian borders infrastructure built by ceausescu aprox 2 billion eur were invested to have one of the best border security systems in europe precisely because we thought that we 're going to defend the frontier . 
  the point i can give you though is concerns about permeability by corruption . 
  i believe though , that even this can be mediated through proper surveillance of the staff , motivating salaries and why not international support . . 
  rom\u00e2nia has integrated a fucktone of gypsies but there is a limit to its capabilities . 
  seems nobody wants to mention that . . 
  as always , the truth is split and there are shades of gray . 
  of course it 's about the gypsies and criminality , and it 's about constanta and geopolitics and principles and holland being germany 's bitch ( are n't we all ) and ping ponging the veto from one to another , and immigrants and far right shitheads and romanian rednecks , and muslims and all the shit that 's happening lately in europe and i get it . 
  but normal people in romania do n't . 
  and they see millions of muslims literally pissing on your rules , laws and principles and wonder why are we being punished when we actually followed all the rules by the book . 
  and that creates alienation . 
  and ironically romania is the last bastion of stability the eu has in this part of the map . 
  we do n't even have far right or far left parties in the parliament . 
  we 're very very firmly western aligned and in spite the bad press we have a very robust democratic act . 
  shit like this only gives fuel to voices the kremlin can hardly wait to sponsor and support . 
  if romania pivots and gets as friendly to the kremlin as hungary for example , decades of effort , expense and sacrifice from countries such as yours will be in vain . . 
  a person born , raised and educated in eu would not easily clean toilets . 
  immigrants would . 
  basically europe needs more slaves, 
  the nazi card is still very much playable as germany has been , at least for the past 10 years , the undisputed top dog of europe . 
  now it seems people ( except brits ) were ok with that as long as europe seemed to be doing well and the decisions influenced by germany seemed in the common interest of all . 
  but lately more than a few red flags have been raised and as history has shown us again and again europe will not accept a german hegemony even if it has to pay cataclysmic costs . 
  in light of recent crises the image of germany has suffered a lot . 
  concrete proof of maturity , realism , impartiality and responsibility need to be presented for any new way forward germany wants to propose . . 
  i do n't russia to rise , especially under this leadership . 
  if russia would presently be way stronger eastern europe would be fucked . . 
  belarus apparently started to matter . . 
  maybe it was a crime flash mob . 
  people organize easily through social networks nowadays . . 
  i sometimes stop and wonder at the uncanny resemblance of our current reality to the cyberpunk dystopias in the novels i was reading in high school . . 
  let this be the first of many good news this year . 
  we miss them . . 
  i would n't bet that they will remain here though . 
  the state welfare program for refugees is n't even enough to feed yourself . 
  but the majority of them do n't come for the welfare . 
  they come for the lucrative jobs in the black market , begging , dealing drugs , stealing and other illicit activities all activities that are staggeringly more profitable in the west . 
  what 's the realistic chance that hundred of thousands of semi illiterate young males find good jobs in the ee and choose to stay here . 
  we do n't have enough to sustain our working class , proof being the millions that migrated to the west . 
  the eu migrant quotas are just a desperate act to show that something is being done when in reality waves of migration of these magnitudes ca n't really be stopped sans armed borders and on sight shootings . 
  so the west should brace themselves . 
  they have the capacity to endure , but they 'll emerge as different societies . . 
  not in eastern europe . . 
  there no end in sight for the shitshow , is it ? 
  because it 's just a matter of time before cluster of allies form with different views on different matters and before you know it we have genocide factories in poland . . 
  everybody in eastern europe knew is just a matter of time before germany and russia shake hands about this . 
  this is why ee states are so friendly with the us . 
  germany is looked upon with big skepticism . . 
  it 's been a tough one europe !, 
  here 's to a better one !,
