  yachting school . 
  time to nuke switzerland !, 
  we share culture and values with the russians too . 
  we share them between each other and only a few decades ago we were butchering each other . 
  hell , we had a genocide on european soil in the 90s . 
  shared values ai n't shit . . 
  there is a book about this . 
  it 's the animals that the geography supported . 
  first and foremost the sheep then the pig and the cow . 
  the land is very favorable to sheep raising and the sheep alowed them to have surplus with which to start trading another factor were natural barriers and a lot of cultures competing . 
  all the wars in europe were these cultures competing , and through this they were forced to accelerate progress so that they survive . . 
  umm , there a few essential details that nobody seems to address . 
  first of all gypsies do integrate . 
  the problem is that once they do they become invisible . 
  as they are very deserve and do n't really have common distinct features between all tribes and populations , some of them manage to integrate easier than others ( the blacker you are the harder it is ) . 
  a lot of them once integrated do not declare their ethnicity anymore so that 's another hole in the statistics . 
  second the antitziganism is fueled by the poorest and most educated of the gypsies . 
  there is an element of repulsion generated by poverty and poor education alone . 
  a lot of people are bothered by beggars not even knowing they are gypsies for example . 
  third almost all integration strategy want to ungypsenise them . 
  the gypsies like to be gypsies . 
  they love their music clothes , traditions etc. 
  few have thought of a way to keep them gypsy but subdue their antisocial cultural traits . 
  fourth another aspect not much discussed is the fact that a lot of gypsies lost their way of earning a living in the last decades . 
  they were very skilled manufacturers of pots , and brooms , and wood cutlery and all sort of stuff . 
  all these jobs transmitted from father to sun have disappeared . 
  the thing is this disproves the notion that gypsies do n't want to work . 
  they do . 
  they did . . 
  cultures are an output of many factors but probably one of the defining ones is geography . 
  some are less fortunate in that aspect . 
  that does n't mean they are inferior . 
  i do n't agree with your statement . 
  it 's simplist . 
  well if you have one car and then another one comes aboard you have a growth of 100 % edit : quadratic equations optimised, 
  it will . 
  change travels in waves . 
  think about revolutions . 
  we just need to keep stories like this in the bulgarian spotlights until they will manage to create the pressure needed to move the cogs . 
  people will gather hope seeing clear examples that it can be done . . 
  well the gypsies are a particular case are n't they ? 
  i 'm sorry i do n't understand your point . 
  you want the eu to do what ? 
  you ca n't have selective freedom of movement and the eu made it clear this chapter is not negotiable . 
  well if even sweden ca n't handle it is it fair to expect less developed states to handle it ? 
  but gypsies !, 
  let them be assholes . 
  they only shame themselves ... 
  this reaction is uncalled for . 
  chill . 
  latvia should prepare for increased tourism . . 
  did they ever found out what happened to that plane when a ton of polish officials were killed ? 
  oh , the country branding . 
  in romania they did n't bother to create something from scratch . 
  they used a stock logo . 
  it was a huge scandal . 
  the minister who managed the project is now in jail !, 
  i wonder when people will stop pointing to shit like this . 
  russia is a de facto dictatorship . 
  shit like this is current in any dictatorship that takes itself serious . 
  yes i do , can you tell me how will that effect apples produced in poland ? 
  nope . 
  not true . . fuel is priced in dollars which is just a component of the price of products . . 
  and this rather small territory has the highest economic output in the world . . 
  leaving energy aside there we do n't need to import too much regarding day to day living . 
  sure , exotic fruits , cigars and other fine perks will get more expensive but i 'd rather have that and a booming economy . . 
  i said economy . 
  not population . 
  the population is disadvantaged but the eu is big enough and produces enough stuff that there will not by any major import shocks . . 
  with android . 
  and black jack . 
  and hookers !, 
  never seen one . 
  that 's cool . 
  makes sense . 
  the fuck is that ? 
  in fact the dollar is getting stronger in front of all currencies not just the euro . 
  this is very very good news for the eu economies . 
  maybe more nokia . . 
  every income/gdp map shows a gradient from west to east towards russia . 
  romania is not significantly poorer or richer than any of its neighbors . 
  it would have been very tough to jump ahead when all your neighbors are also poor . 
  combine that with bad management and corruption and you can achieve a catastrophe . 
  but hopefully the worst is behind us . 
  we 're slowly but steadily advancing now . 
  hey germans , what 's up with the fat vulture ? 
  yep . 
  why if something is hated it automatically turns dirty ? 
  zerohedge is simply toilet paper . . 
  free for $ 29.99, 
  oh , romania is full of rebels . 
  actually all eastern europe is . . 
  a good image is essential in a lot of aspects , not only foreign policy . 
  look at the germans . 
  doors open easier , people are more receptive etc. 
  having a good image can get us in schengen for example . . 
  merkel is the queen of europe !, 
  next year the germans will present a robot that can breakdance !, 
  the fucker is beginning to backtrack . 
  he 's adding nuance .
