  what are the rest of us should understand from all this . 
  that actually the big and influent are a bunch of cunts that ca n't be relied upon for shit and that we need to forge new alliances and allegiances . 
  that the rules of the eu are rules only when they work in their favor ? 
  who 's winning out of all this shit ? 
  the chances for simultaneously 4 plane high jackings are very slim also , do n't you think . 
  if there is a way these fucktards will find it . 
  they have people that think of shit like this all day everyday . 
  russia moved in ukraine nevertheless . . 
  you ca n't . 
  you kill it with nation building and time . . 
  what about him ? 
  he would have gained the pretext to invade crimea . 
  i can assure you sitting on your ass wil get you nuked or attacked by terrorists again in the next decade . 
  the end goal of these fuckers is to bring about the apocalypse . 
  they believe it is their role . 
  if they have the means they wo n't blink to nuke somebody and who do they hate the most ? 
  topple assad and do what the us had to do in irak but chose to not . 
  do what the eu is doing in eastern europe coincidentally , among others , to our countries . 
  nation building . 
  i do n't want to seem a warmonger but if the us & eu would have invaded syria when all this shit started we probably would be in a better situation now . 
  it 's much harder to do anything at the moment . 
  you wot mate ? 
  that 's still a duel , fists being the weapon of choice . 
  sometimes though broken bottles or glasses can be preffered . . 
  ha ha ha or he he i think we all laugh in the same language . . 
  is not impossible . 
  the living proof is the eu . 
  but shit i keep hearing about ttip will simply not fly . 
  underneath all the politics and economics europeans hate to be strong armed . . 
  if the trade pact must be voted by all countries in the eu it wo n't stand . . 
  i also have n't seen blokes provoking themselves to a duel when fights start . 
  how are they entering moldova ? 
  you 're laughing but actually they do n't stay in hungary . 
  they aim for germany or the nordics . . its easier to enter schengen through hungary . . 
  i think it 's stupidity . 
  this guy is n't the mannered gentleman it presents itself to be . 
  none of them are . 
  you can only hold a facade for so long . 
  you 're going to slip eventually as we 've seen in plenty of other cases . . 
  that 's because we like you . 
  we sent the sluts . 
  france is getting the gypsies . . 
  we do not expect it . 
  we hope for it . 
  nothing is certain . 
  american forces in eeu is a deterrent first of all . 
  relying on your own forces has limits . 
  presuming that a romanian army no matter how well equipped would be capable to stand against the russian army is naive . 
  we can not deny reality . 
  oh we know this . 
  nobody in their right minds in eastern europe expects german young boys to die defending their land . 
  in case shit germany will probably deal directly with russia over eastern europeans heads as it did before . 
  that 's why we 're stocking on us bases and missiles shields and all that . 
  the thing is , the us will want economic influence in these areas that they protect and ttip it 's probably the first step in the process . 
  germany is about to have a strong economic competitor for the pockets of eeu . 
  it has allready lost their hearts and minds . . 
  nobody wants that shithole . 
  not even russia . 
  glory !, 
  havin 100.000 black people show up in romania in a few months would stun the whole country . 
  i am amazed at the capacity of italians to withstand this influx and not have their whole social landscape errupt . 
  putin putin ' that crack pipe to good use again . . 
  gooood !, 
  ( laughs dramatically ), 
  i 've heard about a new figure tonight . 
  somewhere around 11000 but i need to double check . 
  we can shorten it to a fucktone in the meantime . . 
  it will be like a schengen for mobile porn . 
  and world hunger, 
  that 's actually bad ass !, 
  i like it . 
  where are the laser rays going to be mounted ? 
  well obviously is good as an image stunt and good for the romanian juatice system to show their independence from influence but there is always a but . 
  the economy is actually performing very well under mr ponta and even if much of the merit lies to the general trend of growth propagating through europe , a political crisis generated by mr. ponta being overthrown will surely damage it . 
  i still think it 's worth taking the hit . 
  if mr ponta is trialed and sentenced while holding himself clawed to his seat romania would not only show that any suspicions regarding the potency and independence of its reformed justice system are deprecated but that it can play a leader role in the fight against corruption in eastern europe and the balkans . 
  the surprising succes and efficiency of the romanian justice system can be seen as the succes of eu mechanisms and institutions , the european values and societal model . 
  if romania from probably the most corrupt contry in the eu can clean up it 's act then countries like bulgaria , croatia , serbia , hungary and so on have no excuse and their citizens will put more pressure on their institutions seeing examples of success in their vicinity . . 
  it was funny when a tv reporters team came in romania to talk about corruption with the head of the integrity agency and on the day of the interview he was arrested leaving the reporters flabbergasted . . 
  i 've heard croatians describing their political class as a vile of filth before but this puts it in context . . 
  romania is becoming more efficient in the fight against corruption than many of the western states . 
  unfortunately the problem is so big that it will take years before a real clean up of the administration will be finished . 
  dna ( national anticoruption agency ) declared they have over 5000 cases in instrumentation with a few thousands allready resolved/on trial . 
  it 's revealing of the magnitude of the problem . 
  but hey , it 's good entertainment . 
  beats the hell out of a soap opera with 5000 episodes , 
  that 's a great start croatia !, 
  keep it up !, 
  imagine the bitter irony for italians and especially people from roma ( rome ) when the eu tells them that they should call gypsies roma people . . 
  that are a lot of stars that need to align and not necessarily the ones with the biggest impact on growth . . 
  what is it with dictators and golden toilets ? 
  i 've heard this myth countless times reffering from distinguished gentlemen like gaddafi to more household names like ceausescu . . 
  tis all good . 
  we still have a few countries to join the eu . 
  ukraine alone could shoulder a few million workers and if shit really hits the fan we 're always gon na have turkey . . 
  for your comfort this is happening in almost all eastern european states . 
  same shit in romania . . 
  people have n't forgotten berlusconi yet . 
  it will take a while . 
  but i agree italy is one of the pillars of the eu .
