  here is a chilling thought . 
  the probability for a major terrorist attack has just skyrocketed as hundreds of thousands of people were not properly checked . . 
  rainy days are coming . 
  those camps will turn to mud traps . . 
  will romania ever be as rich as germany . 
  probably no . 
  will they advance enough to not be considered poor anymore ? 
  probably yes . . 
  naah , we have that . 
  google it . 
  it 's because we need a a chart of our own . . 
  you 're oblivious dude . . greece is so fucked up financially that they have 250 boats total to patrol everything . 
  do you know how many islands they have ? 
  they would instantly revolt if you try to register them , on some island being more numerous than the native population that would not be a smart move . 
  shit is never black or white or simple . 
  no romania ? 
  better this way ... we would have shamed the poor bastards . . 
  is that the isis flag ? 
  really loved the german one visually but the russian one with the symbolic red and blue hands coming together at the end was just ridiculously awesome . . 
  they ca n't even feed them in the islands man . 
  do you know there are islands that have to request the military to send them water ? 
  water !, 
  and germany seems to be in the front of the pack . . 
  just wait a few months man . 
  you will see the mighty germany in the same situations like the greeks , italians and countries in the balkans . 
  after that any moral high ground will be lost , and we might even see some force centers shift . 
  the east is openly divergent on this one . 
  probably the first time at this scale and volume . 
  the south also . 
  together they have the power to steer europe where they want it . . 
  more than that . . 
  wiping countries off the map and all that . 
  unless you meant nuking them . . 
  if you are a little more precise i can help you with more details for romania . 
  what kind of property ? 
  what do you want to use it for ? 
  big city ? 
  countryside ? 
  yeah ? 
  and how the hell are we going to do that ? 
  we were not able to carry a successful campaign against gaddafi without americans holding our dicks . 
  europe is weak , it 's just not easy to admit it . . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  we must hate each other . . 
  and gypsies !, 
  if every migrant had a handgun we would have a caliphate in europe at the moment . 
  joking aside , i hate it when orban makes pertinent points . 
  it was so convenient to hate him . 
  who are going to hate now ? 
  tl dr rich neighbours . . 
  shit is tensed all over europe , emotions are running high all over the continent including in op 's heart . 
  he 'll come around . 
  if he changed his mind in the last few weeks he 'll change his mind again . 
  i personally believe we will overcome this and you will overcome the gypsy problem ( for which i am sorry ) and in the end come out stronger as a block . 
  there is no way these crises wo n't change the fabric of the eu . . 
  regarding the eu funds and the poor people in romania . 
  those funds come specifically for infrastructure projects . 
  we could not help the poor with them even if we wanted . 
  the way to help them is to have a vibrant economy that can provide jobs for them . 
  we 're working on that , but we have a long road ahead coming from such a low level and a ton of other problems that we need to fix with the car moving . . 
  dude , i am not an euro sceptic but i want to be a sane voice concerning the gypsies ( not a fan of them by far ) before 07 it was another time . . 
  there were also very low levels of all other ethnicities of immigrants too . 
  you seem to put a lot of trust in the capacity of the eu and national administration to solve issues like these , but the present contradicts you hard . 
  there multiple reasons the waves of migration started picking up but imho the most prominent is technology . 
  communities like the gypsies were very isolated and simply had no idea they could leach rich states but along with the explosion of information technology the rumors reached their ears . 
  as a few of them migrated they created the base seed for others to follow . 
  in the present if the western and northern states do n't start to legislate in defence a tough ride is ahead . 
  the plain truth is that you simply ca n't have islands of prosperity and fat welfare states in an ocean of poverty . 
  they will get in , even if you shoot at the borders . 
  this is the reality . 
  hmm , germany can be countered inside the eu . 
  in the foreseeable future if the interests of the west will diverge from that of the east a common front will naturally evolve . 
  what is clear though is that german leadership is not very inspired lately . . 
  yeah right !, 
  europeans countries ca n't stop people coming from continents away , crossing seas and walking thousands of kilometers but they 'll be able to stop the gypsies in their backyard . . sure . . 
  the only thing that stopped gypsies were armed guards at the border shooting on sight in the communist times . . 
  probably most of us do n't give a flying fuck . . 
  this map fails miserably concerning hungary in recent times . . 
  damn , us too , here in romania , would trade some '' eastern europeans '' ( wink wink ) for some syrians . 
  same thing happened in romania with the president impeachment . . 
  landslide majority in favour of impeachment , but the absurd threshold was not reached so he stayed . . 
  too late dude . 
  there still are quite a bit in moldova but they have identity issues . 
  the region is called gagauzia . 
  the legend says it was intended to be used for beer transportation . . 
  not really . 
  there was a time when if putin spoked , people listened . 
  that time is no more . 
  in all of eastern europe russia has had it 's image of an assertive , vibrant and involved player on the world stage change to an hostile , nationalist , isolationist actor which should n't be touched with a stick . 
  russians could have had a great partnership with the west and ultimately become the west . 
  they chose to be something else . . 
  which very possible will turn to shit . . 
  everybody chill down . 
  it 's only a handful of people somewhere in the danube delta in a program sponsored by the norwegian state . 
  we wo n't have norwegian style prisons in romania any time soon if ever . 
  those corrupt fucks will get to experience the real deal . . 
  yo , bulgarians when the hell did you pass through romania and occupied ukraine . 
  you sneaky bastards !, 
  hungary did n't did n't unraveled shit . 
  i can still cross the border like i used to or fly there like i used to .
