  it was full blown hate after the plane then putin kissed erdy and they made up and russians were all cosy cosy with them again . . 
  well , they sure as fuck did n't help right . 
  a part of it is due to them too . 
  do n't worry , it seems le french are more than willing to split the nukes as long as germoney shells the bill , but the ze germans do n't want them cause ma ' hitler flashbacks . 
  s'all good , we 're lubing up for russian cock in the east again . . 
  i think what he wants is to be able to use the resources tied in europe in ither parts , and have europe be more self sustaining defenae wise by stepoing up their defense budgets according to the treaties . 
  he also wants to play ball with russia , even have it as an ally because he is serious in going after china . 
  of course this is all from my ass , but that 's my theory . . 
  2016 you crazy pigdog motherfucker !, 
  ceding full control , maybe not , but i think france would be reveptive to the ideea to cover the eu in a nuclear umbrella and subsequently share the costs of the infrastructure while mainting full privacy of the launch codes . 
  ( you can place launchers on different geographical locations , but without the launch codes they are useless ), 
  it 's not like , knowing the germans they ca n't become one of the strongest nuclear nations in under a decade . . 
  do you have problem comrade ? 
  never understimate the impact of a landmark . 
  even the fact that it 's going to be rebuild is a plus . 
  the modern facade is also a plus . 
  it has a story . 
  it will seduce tourists . 
  in a decade no one will remember the controversy but the story will live on . . 
  the hardest fight is only beginning for ukraine , the fight with the cancer in their society . . 
  there has to be a bounce . 
  action and reaction . . 
  needs more hdr , 
  how about we drink some tzuika or palinka ? 
  i call bullshit , there is no way that percentage of romanians think that russia should be strong . 
  no fucking way !, 
  we probably are , i 'll take the chinese anyday over the russians anyway . 
  everything russian money touches becomes putrid . 
  besides , there 's nothing the chinese want from us except some profit . 
  we 're not bordering china with the richest region in resources on the planet . 
  they 're going to seed dissent there rice grain after rice grain slowly but surely , unrelenting . 
  he he , you act tough but you know it . 
  half of russia is already sold to the chinese . 
  they 'll eat you up at the first sign of weakness nuclear weapons and all . 
  what are you going to do ? 
  nuke your own rebelious population ? 
  you laugh now but china is preparing as we speak to take back the territory that rightfully belongs to them . 
  the time will come . 
  people of siberia will wake up to the raping of their resources moscow is undergoing with all the profits going not to the people but to a handful of corrupted fucks in kremlin . 
  by this logic kosovo was absolutely the right thing to do then . 
  by this logic russia will have some big surprises in the future in siberia . 
  congratulations you are the same type of scum like the americans . 
  what happened ? 
  it 's really simple . 
  the sane solutions would have been debt forgiveness . 
  but that would have probably pushed deutsche bank over the edge so the germans fought and eventually won . 
  we give flowers and ballons with the hand not with the dick . 
  we prefer to fuck in our town called slobozia ( the cumming ) but thank you . 
  why not force the president to mary a foreign president or pm to form stronger alliances like back in the day ? 
  merkel would be the obvious choice as he likes older women . 
  i do n't think it 's a solution . 
  there philosophical and psychological implications . 
  i would rather hire everyone to work for the state maintaining cities and infrastructure at a level unthinkable today . 
  what is condoms ? 
  but cash is filthy and cash distorts emerging economies . 
  i 'm looking at the bright side . 
  before pregnancy there must be fuckery . 
  hence , we 're first in teenage fucking !, 
  you 'd be surprised how big hitler as a pop figure is in that part of the world . 
  for example in india he 's seen as a great figure . 
  people market goods using nazy simbols and hitler . 
  yeah . 
  it was very tough but not significantly tougher than before . 
  russians , at least in the big cities had it way better than us before so it was a drop for them . 
  for us it was just more of the same but with access to food and goods which you did n't have money for . 
  but a gigantic black market developed overnight . 
  i remember my parents crossing the border to moldova in 92-93 ( yes even moldova had it better than us ) to buy goods and sell them back in romania . 
  very sought out were these big red gas containers for cooking ( they were bigger than ours and you did n't have to change them that often ) anything made of fur , rugs , boots etc. 
  they also wen to turkey for clothes and to serbia fir other stuff . 
  yep . 
  ee did n't just got poor because of communism . 
  there are centuries of poverty . 
  what communist did was to act like a major break in growth while the west was growing like crazy . 
  lived in the poorest area in romania in the 90 's . 
  from all that i 've seen so far regarding russia in the matter it was equally shitty here . 
  maybe criminality was lower here . 
  and while it was shitty and poverty reached absurd levels i had a fantastic childhood . 
  and there was another thing magical about the 90 's . 
  for all intents and purposes there war no laws . 
  it 's the closest thing to anarchy we 'll ever get . 
  i certainly would n't want to go through it again but i do n't have this kind of apocalyptic outlook on it . 
  puts the price of starbucks into perspective . 
  you do n't like titees ? 
  well as we can see it is n't really easily avoidable . 
  these chemicals that reached the eggs were used for a reason . 
  like the over reaction with the horse meat lasagna when romania was dragged through shit for weeks only to find out in the end that the meat was not even originating in romania . 
  that kind of over reaction ? 
  yeah , but it refers to christians not cretans . 
  kinda like romanians and rromas, 
  who the hell are the hightitees ? 
  i want pics !, 
  the solution is simple . 
  double the prices for rooms . 
  triple the prices for booze . 
  nah , he stayed in syria and other places in that region quite a while recently . 
  one can say they want to ... ( drumroll ) ... breturn . 
  poland got up one morning looked in the mirror and decided it looked like norway and can fuck the same chicks . 
  the surprise will be bigger than op 's mom , and we all know about the size of op 's mom . 
  i am amazed by the fact that our authorities can continue to talk with american cock so far down their throats . 
  remember when trump said everyone must pay for security ?
