  ha ha . 
  they really did a number on you , the british press . 
  you have no clue how this works do you ? 
  anybody , including gypsies can pass the schengen border with an id for 7 years already . 
  the gypsies who wanted to go the uk are probably already there . . 
  dude , how ignorant can the brits be . 
  we 've been able to travel freely in all of europe with only our id cards for 7 years . 
  you show it for a few seconds and that 's it . 
  schengen wo n't change a thing concerning movement but it will have an impact on our trade . 
  we 're sorry about the beggars but just like with the immigrants it was a problem without an efficient legal framework to put an end to it . 
  like things are in the eu . 
  some examples . 
  my cheap chord just started vibrating , 
  as i said the number does not bother me . 
  the final number will probably be larger as these figures are far from the reality of the situation but i would have expected a lot more from countries underneath us in the chart and inside schengen . . 
  it 's not the numbers that bother me the most , but our place in that chart after all the bullshit we had to take with the schengen affair . . 
  how the fuck romania got the sixth highest quota when it 's among the poorest in the eu and not even a schengen state thanks to holland and germany constantly refusing us on bullshit reasons ? 
  any sensible leader would condition this shit with full schengen admission and dedicated funds to help with this clusterfuck . . 
  because greece is blocking their eu ascension on this stupid name quarrel . . 
  ca n't they just add new in front of it ? 
  new macedonia should please about everybody right ? 
  bucharest is split in 6 regions called sectors . 
  every sector has a mayor . 
  2 of them were arrested , probably more to follow . 
  above all sits the general mayor who was arrested today . 
  fun times . . 
  my bad . 
  argument still stands though . . 
  look man , i get it . 
  the whole slav brotherhood thing . 
  i understand your perspective but that should not keep you from being balanced just because your people have a special relation . 
  i did n't say russia is north korea in regards of freedom of speech but it sure ai n't on par with western europe . 
  you can not with a straight face tell me that you believe you can say whatever the fuck you want , whenever , wherever and be free of worry in russia . 
  i wonder why when faced with hard facts and inconvenient truths russians and their supporters shift the discussion and start attacking the partner of dialogue . . 
  unless you 're one of the dozens of journalists murdered , or the head of the opposition etc. . 
  right . 
  that 's bellow 100 eur per month at the moment . 
  i do n't think even that will help . 
  we ca n't keep our own `` refugees '' to not go and beg in european cities . 
  the only thing i can come up with that might be attractive is to give them land . 
  like loan them land to farm on for 50 years for nothing and work with the eu to sponsor them with the tools required . . 
  they have better conversion rates than any online banner . . 
  i would actually prefer to go to vienna any day . 
  top 3 best cities of the world to live in . . 
  no it really does n't . 
  they are huge differences . 
  and where we 're similar it 's because they have imported things from us . . 
  why are n't these dudes in the trenches in donbas ? 
  it 's looked down upon for poverty , lack of infrastructure and lack of education , but it will fade as things improve . . 
  it 's that time of the year when we should thank holland for not allowing us into schenghen , bro !, 
  with how many layers of adidas clothing is it acceptable to pass the russian border ? 
  i mean , it 's cold in russia . 
  you got ta be prepared . . 
  what americans and europeans have in common is that they know , way better than say sub saharan africans how to use , navigate , manage , protect and respect their infrastructure . 
  they have common social norms regarding hygiene , personal grooming , acceptable public behaviour , drescodes in different situations and relations with other individuals . 
  they have similar customs in key life moments outside religious ones . 
  they share similar view concerning a wide array of life choices from how a house should look , how a child should be raised , music and entertainment , food and so on . 
  they are native to a vast amount of similar standards and standardisation conceived and implemented starting from the time of the romans till present . 
  they are native and aware of human rights . 
  they are allies . . 
  isis is just longing for that . 
  the second european or american boots hit the ground in africa , isis recruits will rise exponentially . 
  it 's just the biggest trap we could march in . 
  in this context the better solution would be the carrot , not the stick . 
  come on , there is no way to not know about austrian desserts and cookies . . 
  or you just might not know about it yourself , being less travelled . 
  i 'm saying any prohibition leads to powerful organised crime . . 
  this can only lead further down the road to contraband , which in turn will build a new crime culture and empower a new generation of petty gangsters . 
  russia is steaming ahead to the 90 's ... 
  oh but it gets deeper . 
  even helping other white , christian european nations is much to ask . 
  reality is sad . . 
  i like brits . 
  they 're fine lads , but they 're one of the most xenophobic bunch in europe . 
  maybe it 's an island syndrome . 
  i can not disregard the irony of germans being disgusted of british intolerance . 
  not a month without the need to stock some popcorn in europe . . 
  the same reasons russians have come now to hate the west . 
  they need an enemy . 
  they need something to hate and demean to vent their frustration wherever those may be . 
  it 's human nature . 
  sufficient education and introspection would make one realize their hate is generally ill directed but those two things will never be in abundance . . 
  italy is indeed absurdly beautiful , and , contrary to what they think , italians and their culture is loved and celebrated all over the world . 
  but , hey , i 'm a romanian . 
  we love italians by default . 
  maybe somebody else can confirm . . 
  europe will advance . 
  there is vast potential in eastern europe still untapped . 
  all the crises in the headlines are just minor inconveniences on the long scale and will only strengthen it . 
  h1-b visas are unicorns dude . 
  even facebook is having trouble procuring them . . 
  if sweden is a shithole then the rest of the world is what ? 
  when a housing bubble pops everything goes to the shitter , not just house prices . . 
  it 's actually balanced , grounded and insightful . . 
  i am in shock that such an article could have come from the guardian . 
  life is full of surprises . 
  i wonder if brits realise a brexit would pop their housing bubble . . 
  in this cacophony of panicking propaganda we must take a moment and reflect on the fact that europe has already been through this one time before after the yugo wars . 
  life went on . 
  also as a volume the targeted countries received a lot more immigrants from within the eu and other countries so far and again , life went on . .
