  everybody is tired of your bitching , everybody has their own problems , fucking leave and let us be . . 
  i was referring to the number of people that romania can feed . . 
  do keep count that a hefty chunk of said social problems were created by the rules imposed by the eu . 
  also , do keep count that we also export tenths of billions in profits for eu corporations back to eu countries . 
  every time this is mentioned the sum of people that can be fed by romania rises with 20 millions . 
  do you remember where you read this ? 
  romania must join the visegrad group . . 
  it 's time to stay the fuck out of that country . 
  russia will foam at the mouth if eu just looks funny at it . 
  if belarus one day wants to approach europe it will . 
  well it happened to romania well before ukraine . 
  moldova is a former part of romania annexed by russians . 
  they virtual split the historic region ( and state ) of moldova in half . 
  the romanian half is also called moldova . 
  romanians are very weary of russians . 
  yeah , about that . 
  it seems that romania has exported beef in quantum of 1 mil dollars for the past 10 years . 
  so the impact is zero . 
  also , overall , the whole romanian economy is one of the most detached from russias in the whole eastern european region , and i 'm including the energy sector too . 
  eloquent argumentation . 
  you have a fine eye . 
  sure . 
  which one ? 
  time to buy electric cars !, 
  the horror !, 
  in romania all movies are subtitled . 
  dubbed movies take away from actor performances . 
  how were they forced into it ? 
  think only of agriculture . 
  there are many many people that still do unmechanized agriculture ( with a horse or by hand ) . 
  ca n't say they do n't break their back , but productivity is shit . 
  slavic languages are a bit far from romanian though . 
  we have lot 's of borrowed words due to influences but most of them have latin synonyms, 
  yes . 
  the border of the eu . 
  damn . 
  that is one young pm !, 
  is he good ? 
  so what 's the word for cunt ? 
  in romania it 's '' pizda '', 
  the european superstate, 
  keeping in mind that we 'll probably never have a federation similar to the us i would call it the european superstate to define the new form of organization that it will breed into the world . 
  i also believe the constituent states will never disolve . 
  russia is arming like crazy . 
  have you seen their defense budget projection . 
  it has recentlu seen an insane increase . 
  yeah , good luck convincing people with 4 years of school to `` become entrepreneurs '' or some other bulshit . . 
  if you had to choose to be somebody 's slave , or a slave to your land what would you choose ? 
  oh man , i would pay a ticket to listen to that conversation . 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  can you spell immigrants ? 
  uneducated , uncivilized , unskilled rural immigrants ? 
  want an example ? 
  romania . 
  agriculture in romania played a very important role in the economy as well as in alowing a vast percentage of population to live off the land . 
  preceding and following the eu ascensions the western products hit the romanian market like a hammer . 
  numbers say we can feed close to 60 milion people . 
  we 're 20 . 
  at present we 're importing vast percentages ( 50 % not sure , must check ) of our food . 
  it is somewhat improving as the subsidies will finally kick in . 
  as a consequence to this fall in agriculture and opened borders we had a massive wave of migration of people previously engaged in it . 
  and as we found out , western europe frowns much more to this kind of people than many other immigrants categories . 
  well , being hungry , it 's orientation was always toward the fattest tit . 
  for a long time it has been russia . 
  in recent time they tried sucking on two tits at the same time like ukraine but we all know how that turned out . 
  i 'm curious about hungary , who probably wants more than the blue tit can offer and seems it went straight to the red cock . 
  since when is poland rich ? 
  this smug attitude is really stupid coming from a pole . 
  it 's not the eu per se , but the big carrots they 're swinging . . 
  fine observation . 
  for me is the other way around . 
  in this specific case there are no blatant lies but enough framing as to seem that situations like those depicted are common when they are not . 
  there is one place like this in bucharest . 
  the tunnels strech for a few tenths of meters where the characters in the story took shelter . 
  there is no underground homeless junkie horde living under bucharest . 
  when talking with noneuropeans yes . 
  when talking with europeans , no , because when somebody ask it expects a state/country name . 
  it 's not a conspiracy . 
  it 's a full blown out campaign with recurrent defaming articles full of skewed data or blatant lies , exaggerated facts and sprinkled with xenophobic remarks . 
  it started a couple of years ago reaching peak severity last winter before work regime liberalization for ro/bg . 
  i do n't know who 's pulling the strings as this is clearly politically motivated but the numbers of ukip surely have something to do with this shit . 
  distasteful . 
  there is one place like this in bucharest . 
  the one presented . 
  one !, 
  there are other homeless people , out of whom some may also sleep in places underground . 
  but from that to bucharest 's tunnels ... fuck the british press and their putrid campaign against romanians and bulgarians !, 
  these cunts have no shame . 
  nice username, 
  bucharest . 
  as low as 1.1 pounds for 500ml in pubs . 
  usually 1.6-1 .8 ... 
  it 's even cheaper in the rest of the country . 
  and local beers are very decent and usually cheaper than international beers like heineken , carlsberg etc. 
  guinnes is more expensive as it 's considered a specialty . 
  how much is a pint in ml ? 
  if it 's less than 500ml you blokes are getting robbed and raped without lube !, 
  switzerland for the win !, 
  because neutrality ai n't shit when ... aliens !, 
  why ?
