  can you spare some planes ? 
  poland can you cover us on the northern flanc ? 
  brits here 's your chance to get rid of some polish plumbers and romanian gypsies . 
  send them back by tank !, 
  holland you can send some back too . 
  by jet via moscow !, 
  let them shoot if they dare !, 
  we 're gon na pull out the old rustin ' ak 's for this special occasion boys !, 
  all fucking 7 of them . 
  we 're going at it boys !, 
  tonight !, 
  we dine !, 
  in sevastopol !!, 
  you know what goya said . . 
  the sleep of reason produces monsters . 
  there are many people that see a brink in the immediate future in hungary . 
  wether you pass it into the darkness depends on your action or inaction . 
  the young and educated can salvage the course , but they wo n't be able to do that leaving the poor and weak of mind behind . 
  in absence of an enlightened path they will throw themselves at the feet of nationalism , xenophoby and racism as a reflex and serve them with sweat and blood . 
  the battle you face is not with the regime , but with the heart and minds of the common folk . 
  plant an ideal in their psyche and they will regulate society accordingly . 
  what are your ideals young , educated , travelled , critical thinking neighbors ? 
  this is delusional . 
  have the journalist from der spiegel seen the latest popularity polls for putin ? 
  vast masses of peasants will come to kill any `` fascist '' that even raises a fist in moscow and st petersburg . 
  hungary what the fuck !!, 
  where do you think you will end up ? 
  he he  it is . 
  wish i could have studied in english so to avoid mistakes like that . 
  where did you feel insulted exactly ? 
  it was not my intention . 
  i was responding to a comment describing the move to have masters in english as a shitty move albeit with an ironic tone of voice , i succumb to that . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  i should n't read the xenophobic propaganda in the red tops , bought by xenophobs who vote the xenophobic ukip . 
  i see it now . 
  you 're right . 
  no xenophoby in the uk . 
  did n't quite got you there maverick . 
  can i suggest a little work on your english ? 
  maybe a master 's degree ? 
  well at one point in time i was reading my news from the british media . 
  that did n't go too well as i and 20m of my countrymen were insulted almost daily . . 
  i gave up . . 
  but please accept my apologies . 
  my remarks are not targeted to all brits , but to the specific millions who voted ukip . . and brighten up , i still love the brits with all of their defects . 
  nobody is perfect . 
  i just do n't condone the moral white horse view of the eu society . 
  we should be able to be self critical . 
  bucharest is a city that shows its beautiful spots only to the ones that look for them . 
  i can understand why this guy had a poor experience because of you look at it from a very specific angle he is right , but the images depicted are in no way the whole story or the whole face o bucharest . 
  nope . 
  i understood . 
  the problem is the others are studying in english . 
  any sane manager of a university would spot the global trend and conform before being left behind . 
  my 2 cents . 
  so you think preparing students for a globalized world is shitty ? 
  do you think a student that learns about a very specific technical field in german with all the german terms would be more prepared to apply that knowledge in any point of the globe ( like modern industry has come to function ) better or equally than a student that learned in english . 
  your german teachers want you to have the best chances out there . 
  you know , indians , chinese , eastern europeans and many others do n't have any problems with learning in english . . 
  my bad then . 
  no , it 's not that . 
  britain has been giving a hard time to immigrants for decades . 
  the rhetoric is purely filthy . 
  a couple of years ago or was the polish . 
  now the romanians and so on . . and the brits are anti eu first because of immigrants . 
  let 's be real here . . 
  it seems they 're finally getting their shit together ... 
  so where there are economical problems and xenophobia . 
  same thing in italy sans the butthurt . 
  a wise decision . 
  there 's no such thing as the mentality of europe . 
  every state has its own interests and a consensus is reached only on the brink of catastrophe . . 
  the romanian state earns the big taxes associated with hydrocarbons , a small redevence and the access to fuel that is so essential in these times . 
  it will benefit in a big way . 
  in romania these kind of geopolitical moves would be decided by the president as we are a semipresidential republic , kinda like france . 
  in other countries it would pe the pm depending on their model . 
  turn romania yellow pls . 
  we are very clear and ferm pro further sanctions . 
  but is the us military better than eu + russia ? 
  the us is paying europe not to switch sides . . 
  the map is misleading . 
  the numbers represent just imports . 
  for example romania only needs to import only 20 % of it 's gas . 
  out of that , 80 % is from russia but it does n't add up to much . . 
  the question is who has levy on the russian capital . 
  it probably is n't mr putin . 
  nope . 
  look up the definition man . 
  germany ai n't shit on a global scale . 
  the only way germany can play big game geopolitics is with the eu which it leads right now . 
  but the eu is choir of voices aligned with germany as long it is playing keeping count of everyone interests . 
  the moment germany is forgetting what the sides are more and more voices start singing a different melody until the choir sings another song leaving germany alone and out of tune . 
  you know , kinda like the uk ... 
  there 's only one superpower in the world and that 's usa . 
  look up the definition . 
  as for germany . . 
  i would n't be proud of my `` superpower '' days if i were german . 
  so what has germany specifically done ? 
  i do n't think you understand the level of prestige the uk is at right now . 
  if a vote wether the uk should stay in the eu , would be held by the member states , there are probably countries who would vote you out .
