i keep hearing this , and although a valid point has somebody ever stopped to think how much better of is an average westerner compared to an average russian ? 
  negociate what ? 
  damn , it looks so alien . 
  good luck little probe !, 
  holland , do you need to talk ? 
  i see we are avoiding the g word here . . , 
  why the hate for romania, 
  the russians already said that if this goes through they will point their nukes at bucharest and the base . 
  so now we have sone nukes with our names on them . 
  rather a sweet deal ai n't it ? 
  the fuck it does . 
  let 's paint a realistic picture here . 
  we have to admit the cold truths here man , however painfull and discomforting it is . 
  the village is in the picture is a tidy place from transilvania . 
  village in the east and south look nothing like that and are incredibly poor . . 
  fyi a part of those who have a backyard toilet pour ciment on the walls of the toliet reservoir . 
  in the village of my grandmother at least i know that 's the custom . 
  they are aware of the danger of contamination of well water . 
  also in areas with hills the water is much deeper then 3-4 meters so there 's no danger of contamination . . 
  yeah . 
  ca n't you see they have a surplus . 
  they will surely think of exporting . . 
  it 's alright . 
  we 're going to import another half billion of need be . 
  everybody loves the germans it seems . 
  they have better brand . 
  i am surprised they even scored that high as we have much more stronger connections to germany and the others . 
  it 's the pleasant ( and well worth it ) surprise . 
  eyes with hands that sign treaties are watching very displeased . . 
  how about the soviet union ? 
  well immigrants will nevertheless come to the uk . 
  this will just change the balance between non eu and eu immigrants . 
  at least we made some steps in countering it . 
  my father works in a local administration . 
  the fear of dna is real . . 
  at least we made some steps in countering it . 
  my father works in a local administration . 
  the fear of dna is real . . 
  wait . 
  germany still has american troops . 
  i do n't see them affected one bit . 
  this deserves a pulitzer !, 
  the one who made this map anf set up the colors and be shot and feed to the sharks . . 
  we should teach english to any child born till 18, 
  you have absolutely no idea what a bad road looks like . . 
  turkey will fuck the russians with the gas pipes it has planned . 
  pacience . . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i too find it ironic . 
  it surprises me it gets soo much attention and led me to believe that there is n't some other more serious stuff going on related to corruption to put in the spotlight . 
  and then i thought about our scandals and the disparity in severity made me crack up . . 
  we currently have a scandal that involves 9 ministers from 6 past governments involving bribes up to 60 millions euros . 
  the issue with the paint ... you understand why i 'm saying that ... 
  the problems some people have . .  i 'm sorry . 
  this makes laugh . 
  you got to handed to the americans . 
  first they start the presses and print a fucktone of dollars and then they manage to somehow appreciate the currency . 
  what can they do keep it at a acceptable level for expertors ? 
  you guessed it . 
  print a fucktone of additional dollars . 
  all this while cunningly scheming to lower the price of oil to bankrupt the russians . 
  i do n't why they even bother with the army . 
  this is contemporary art of war . 
  they hate us for our freedom !, 
  a slowdown of economic output can put you in the green on a map like this . 
  i suspect this to be the sweetened pill . 
  i am sure there is a lot of fucked up shit under the rug . . 
  bucharest would take the cake if it were on that list, 
  there are gains that can be traced back to old members besides the obvious ones that offset said subsidies . 
  working local capital is somewhere at 30 % . 
  the rest is western money making money for western companies . 
  the competitive gap is being speculated by western capital . 
  it 's purely business , and for it to go well it needs a certain political climate , a certain infrastructure and facilities that are being subsidized by the eu . 
  a good example is the roads infrastructure . 
  do n't mistake investment for charity . . capitalists do n't understand charity , only profits and this is a capitalist experiment at a grand scale . 
  i do n't understand . 
  what exactly did we receive for free ? 
  shit . 
  you really did n't get it . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  the pretense claim was that in exchange for all the great stuff eu membership had delivered us we delivered in exchange something `` equally great '' . 
  and that where the joke was . 
  on a more serious note , we contribute to the eu budget as everybody else , we obey the same rules . 
  we currently have a small gdp compared to others in the eu but as it will get bigger , so will our contributions . 
  why not get equal treatment ? 
  the difference between you and me is that i 'm insulting you , while you are insulting a nation . 
  go on . . show us more of your upbringing . . 
  do germans not understand sarcasm ? 
  i was trying to elaborates a proper response to this but that would imply i have a shade of respect for you . 
  fuck you and your money !, 
  you do n't really understand the eu , do you ? 
  bulgmania or romgaria is the way to go . . 
  will you please be happy we let you have or gypsies ? 
  hungary what the fuck !, 
  camora is spreading fast in romania . 
  i keep seeing news of stuff related to it in romanian press . . 
  russia seriously !, 
  are you even trying ? 
  good for them but romania and bulgaria will never ratify it until their visa problem is solved . 
  i think somebody forgot to remove the ` for ' in that sentence .
