  how much is it ? 
  more ? 
  you remind me of russians , that steal your hat off your head and when you asked them about it they ask you which hat . 
  f off !, 
  catching our breath . 
  poles , fill in for us for a minute , while we wash the spit from our faces . 
  not the swedish . 
  they 're like all noble and shit like the elfs . . 
  good thing the brits were warned about the romanians and bulgarians . 
  it seems leople took precautions and they managed to hide their jobs from them . 
  russians are not an influential society . 
  the new world is about soft power and social/cultural influence . 
  when a good chunk of the globe consumes your projected values you can find support for your ideas , you can take ever more ample world stage roles . 
  trust is painstakingly built and swiftly shattered . 
  it will take decades . 
  make no mistake . 
  cold war 2.0 has already started . 
  best comment of the year !, 
  so much said . 
  so little words . 
  that 's no proof . 
  you can buy russian tanks everywhere ... 
  i do n't entertain idiots . 
  so basically what 's left is roughly what hitler envisioned for the third reich ? 
  was all this just the long term approach for the same goal played with different weapons ? 
  oh , without the uk , france would become more powerful in the eu . 
  i do n't think they will want to lose that position ... 
  and what exactly is it going through ? 
  please elaborate ... 
  i suspect you to be an idiot after this ... 
  it 's not fascist bit that shit is getting old fast too ... 
  a lot lot more than hungary man . 
  we find the course you 're taking very worrying ... 
  romania is growing more and more isolated in a circle of russian friendly states ... 
  as a romanian right now you seem to come off as the most racist and xenophobe nation of europe with a huge superiority complex . 
  thank god that 's demolished at a personal level as every british individuals i 've met have been excellent people . 
  also , will you quit this shit about the eu . 
  i 'd rather you leave it and let us be . 
  many of the eastern states want federalism and german / french influence ( two of the greatest cultures in the world ) we would happily receive british influence but it seems london has a habbit of spitting between the eyes any nation where it thinks it has no interests . 
  this insane diplomatic approach has come so far that today poland starts to have more influence in eu affairs than england . 
  well they seem great enough for the usa , obama is meeting with the presidents of the regions country today ... as we speak . . 
  not a threath . 
  it 's about diplomacy . 
  the obvious example of this is the zero influence it had in the ukrainian crisis and the rise of poland . 
  they are burning through friends fast ... 
  i also think you should leave . 
  if most of us want a federation and you brits do n't , we would only hold each other back . 
  best of luck !, 
  look on the bright side . 
  it 's not murder , drug traficking or armed robbery . 
  who has the lions share in that ? 
  they ai n't quitting shit !, 
  they have been explicitly told by the americans to stay in the eu , or else they will not only exit the eu market but also the new ttip trade agreement with the us , as the us wo n't deal separately . 
  i came to find out that a lot folks from western europe are racists , but among many the brits stand out . 
  it 's really embarrassing for them , because in a couple of years all this shit spilled in the media and by ukip will be water under the bridge like it was with the poles , and the problems with romanians will show to be gross exaggeration . 
  but romania will not forget this . 
  romania and bulgaria at least ( probably others ) are run at the state level by the modern equivalent of the infamous cosa nostra . 
  the organisation is looser , decentralised gathered around the common goal of defrauding the public funds . 
  they are proficient at it and seem to find flaws in every legislation that is passed . 
  these are not thugs , but in general highly educated individuals who know the public system ins and outs and are able to run circles around it . 
  they are the one chosen for public office because they are able to buy their votes to office by offering the high percentage of romania 's poor food and small gifts in exchange of their votes . 
  this sistem worked so well until recent times that they started to get sloppy . 
  add on that the fact that romania is ( and has been that way since the communists ) a surveillance state and its easier now to prosecute them by dna which has american backing ( and will scream wolf if intimidated ) . 
  but make no mistake there is a looong way to go . 
  the main problem is in the mentality . 
  \u0218paga ( bribery ) is well entreched in the romanian psyche because the people were forced to pay for basic administration services for more than 70 years . 
  you give \u0218paga to the doctors , to the priests , to the parking boy , to the club bouncer , to the public office workers , to anybody who is in the ppsition to release a permit and so on to benefit for the mormal services that they should provide . 
  this is the hardest thing to change . 
  to make the people rebel against the notion . 
  until everybody is outraged at the idea we will not be in the clear ... 
  well that explains it !, 
  germany is one the most respected , known , and loved nations globally . . 
  all while a couple of months ago all american safety pledges to ukraine amassed to nothing ... russia is capable of ocupying romania and ukraine without a lot of sweat and the americans ca n't really intervene if that 's the case because we live in a nuclear age now . 
  the only things stopping the russians in doing so is what they have to loose ... 
  the us is working at bringin the russians to the point where they have nothing to loose . 
  and do n't even get me started on the inadequacy of natos forces . 
  but numbers show more and more that they actually helping the economy . 
  yeah , in romania we always admired the maturity of your political class in those times which culminated with that transition . 
  this is why i asked . 
  you know , we had the exact mentality in romania too until we 've seen how deeply our lives can be impacted by the eu institutions . 
  winds are starting to change here . . 
  the cancer is spreading to the heart of europe . 
  how was he seen ? 
  how will he be remembered ? 
  this should be interesting . . 
  it agreed in all scientific circles that brown is also asociated with shit . . 
  these results will give new wings to russian rhetoric about fascists and extremists ... 
  oh how times change us all . 
  where 's europe 's champion ? 
  the only one who could tango with merkel ? 
  what a shame ... 
  drones ? 
  have you seen the video about how a small numbers of wolves saved a national park in the states by regulating the ecosystem . 
  it is amazing what impact they can have . . found the video how wolves change rivers : http://youtu.be/ysa5obhxz-q, 
  allowing ? 
  who would be in the position to oppose it ? 
  ok , you say this is not a majority opinion , but can you please explain the rise of jobik the antieuropean and pro russian remarks of your prime minister and the declaration about the autonomy of ukrainean and romanian magyars minorities ? 
  to me it seems you are heading straight to something like this . . 
  and how would opening the labor market aggravate that ? 
  i remember more than ten years ago italy was hit by a wave of romanian criminality which subdued gradually to normal levels as romania joined the eu and the labor market opened .
