  so i think you 're probably over the high tide . 
  credit card scam and begging are unfortunately poster crimes for the romanian criminal immigrants . 
  on one part it saddens me that it came to this , on the other i am happy it 's not armed robbery , drug trafficking or other violent crimes . 
  i 'll have a blast seeing farage foaming at the mouth when the rest of the balkan states join . 
  he 'll keep playing the romanian card until people realize that its not really a valuable one and farage is bluffing all the way to the polls . 
  according to popular stereotypes romanians equals gypsies which are actually a different race . 
  good news !, 
  bucharest will have beaches !, 
  nice one lithuania !, 
  come on brother . 
  pray with us . 
  if we manage to keep these rates a few years they 'll be running back . . 
  fuck , it might seem inconsiderate but i hope romania will be spared this year ... 
  a big segment of non voting population has been activated swinging the ballance even more towards her/him, 
  and part of massive votes from the lgbt community , votes that would n't have come for other contestants . 
  it should n't . 
  it should fuck off allready !, 
  moldova should cut itself off from the russian poisoned tit even if it means that it could starve and freeze . 
  as americans learned the hard way . 
  if it warms you in any i never heard of any of the points listed above . 
  i do n't think any of them will stick longterm . 
  no he 's not . 
  it might seem that way to you if you live in certain areas where there 's a higher density but there vast areas with very very few gypsies . 
  she won because massive votes from the lgbt community . 
  you are insane . 
  it 's like you russians are massochists . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  you guys have been taught and you are convinced that little romania was the aggressor in wwii ? 
  fuck man !, 
  they really know how to fuck with your heads . 
  i see all kinds of delusional shit spitt out by ruski boys . . 
  i 've seen that one . 
  the spirit of it still remains and i think it 's better that it turned out this way . 
  you can still see a part of it and you will hear the story , can climb on it and see a splendid panorama , all of this would be lost if they would have demolished it and build from scratch . 
  also i marveled at the way they managed to lift it and suspend it on the new structure . 
  awesome . 
  i clearly remember it where some other historical buildings just faded from memory . 
  we have some attempts too . 
  https://www.google.com/maps/@44.439314,26.098056,3a,75y,84.03h,92.95t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1slrmvr8ghg9-prbviprjcla!2e0 i sincerely hope for more if that 's the way to , at least , save a part of them . . 
  there are plenty . 
  maybe you want to be neighbors with this guy : http://www.transylvaniancastle.com/viscri.html, 
  there 's s lot of wine drinking among the rural population because every other romanian farmer produces home made wine . 
  as in all eastern europe we are experiencing a huge wave of alcoolism in rural settings and that home made wine is put to good use . 
  in some places it can act as a batter currency . 
  people will sometime work for wine . 
  i think it comes in waves . 
  there 's a wave of skilled workers ( plumbers , constructor , electricians , mechanics ) then a wave of no skilled workers , than an wave of white collar workers ( engineers , doctors , it professionals ) . 
  at least that 's how it was in romania during the collapse . 
  not really . 
  romania is entering a new boom stage , but has seen massive renewables investments over an already green energy mix where hydro and nuclear make up significant percentages of the whole consumption . 
  let 's guess the timeframe for the start of the migration . 
  i give it 5 years before russians start showing up in droves at the gates of europe trying to escape this bullshit . 
  i presume since 2019 is set as an entrance date we will enter it in 2017 . 
  maybe they want to be sure they can sustain this level and the variation . 
  it would be shameful to screw up after a year or just before finishing , and these are uncertain times , the is a risk . 
  or maybe the balances are so fucked up that they want to avoid entrance so they can benefit from the advantages of having a free floating curency which you can print at will . 
  the criteria are met . 
  now we need to keep meeting them for 2 years on a row to prove stability . 
  this mechanism is called erm2, 
  yeah , i 'm sure people in the countryside for example rented video players with their friends . 
  you 're stuck with the image of the better off slim slice of big urban medium class , of which it seems your family was a part of . 
  of course you could find foreign films , books and music either from pirating or from relatives abroad , the question is , were they freely available in shops , libraries etc ? 
  was the television freely broadcasting such materials . 
  were they reaching small towns and rural populations ? 
  you are delusional my friend . 
  a video player was the price of a car . 
  only the wealthy could afford it . 
  vhs tapes exchange was subversive behaviour . 
  i guess you have constructed a narrative that can not be challenged by facts but only sustained by cherry picked half truths that you choose to believe . 
  as me and my family experienced first hand the horrors of this regime , i am purely disgusted by your remarks and saddened to see those prone to being manipulated believe this kind of naratives . 
  on the other hand maybe your family was part of the nomenclature . 
  in that case life must have been good for you . 
  were members of your family party members ? 
  this gesture is very appreciated . 
  thank you !, 
  how about fear ? 
  was it better to constantly be afraid ? 
  how about culture ? 
  was it better to never have the chance to see a foreign movie , read a foreign book , listen to whatever band you like ? 
  how about travelling ? 
  do you prefer to spend your entire life in your small town ? 
  this is very good news . 
  it shows that we 're slowly conquering the normal again . 
  the minor annoyances should be offset by the benefits to the local economy . 
  the contrast with the vibrant , loud , richly colored and often kitchy romania of today would be astounding to the eyes that saw that !, 
  and regarding the german ethnics , they emigrated en masse after the fall , very few remain in the beautiful villages in transylvania . 
  i 'm sad that they decided to leave but not blame them . 
  it was even harder for them . 
  maybe some of them will decide to come back at least in the summers . 
  op delivered with style !, 
  thank you op !, 
  well , pardon me , in romania we have routes where trains moved faster in 1939 . 
  i 'm not even going to start the late trains subject . 
  i do not want to embarrass you with our records . . 
  and profit !, 
  well i traveled in europe with my id card and romania is not in schengen ( although it should already be in it but gypsies ), 
  romania and hungary should cooperate more closely . 
  i 'm not saying they do n't already , but this friendship should be furthered, 
  i see you as more civilized , more developed , and a lot more prosperous . 
  i admire you societal model but i do n't think it will work in other places .
