  we know precisely how you feel . 
  i think that train has left regarding poland or robu . 
  whoever wanted to leave has left and with conditions improving we actually start to get returns . 
  but that may be a real possibility for the new upcoming members in the balkans . . 
  they could strip you of any rights under article 7 if you turn hostile and try to blackmail the union . 
  that being done , permits further on , the voting of new legislation by the 27 nations remaining that stipulates the circumstances in which a member can be kicked out . 
  you can tie the knots from here . . 
  the uk is in a very very weak position right now . 
  like the greeks before them they will not have it easy moving on . 
  the germans and their acolytes are lubing up as we speak and if in case of greece dat ass was skinny for the uk they have a lot of ass to fuck . . 
  i completely agree with you but fret not the uk will remain a satellite similar to norway . 
  it will loose the vote but if you truly believe in the eu maybe it 's better off without being kept hostage by the likes of farage and boris . 
  maybe it 's for the best . 
  the uk . 
  the hero we needed . 
  cameron sacrificed for us !, 
  i vote for an europe of prosperity . 
  of course they do . 
  they 're heavily invested . 
  a trade war would hurt germany as bad as the uk . 
  correction . 
  scotland has . 
  remember scotland ? 
  that 's what the eu is hoping for , make no mistake , but in the eventuality the uk tries to prolong the period unnecessarily they will take measures . 
  you have a point . 
  the eu actually puts politics over the economy more times than i whished for . 
  they will resort to a knife fight if the uk tries to blackmail the eu in any way . 
  they have no cards . 
  they 've just dropped the ace of spades . . 
  if you think this is over you 're delusional . . 
  i think talks more about the leave side as its beyond stupid to go for that . 
  the same costs of obligations with no pull . 
  i actually think it 's more than 48 % but a few percent did n't give a fuck . 
  add to that a few million immigrants that would have voted remain and you can understand the magnitude of entertaining extremism and populism . 
  no , just manipulated . 
  and guess what . 
  education does n't make you immune . . 
  greeks know exactly what 's up . 
  you do n't fuck with the markets . . 
  they can get suspended which means they 're basically out of the picture remaining a member only in name . 
  they wo n't have any say in any matters anymore . 
  i am sure the army of eu lawyers is calculating all scenarios and plans the course of action as we speak . 
  i get a feel that this wo n't be a clean divorce but a shitshow . 
  hope not though . . 
  i do n't think they have that option . 
  the scotland issue is breathing down their backs on one side and on the other side the harder they antagonise their former partners and future negotiating side the harder it will be for them to get a good deal . . 
  in his final hour he is a smart man . 
  uk needs a butcher now and for this operation the patient wo n't be sedated . . 
  october is too far out . 
  cameron should have just left then and there . 
  any dragging is in the disadvantage of both parts , especially for the uk . 
  if the uk lingers on and tries to keep europe hostage with its veto it 's going to be a an unimaginable shitshow and i think that 's what 's cooking and for sure cameron is n't the man to do that and may i say neither is boris . 
  i think the brits expect this to be a gentlemen thing but it 's going to be a knife fight . 
  i for one hope not but i ca n't see the rosy path with all the shit that 's going on , with scotland , the extremists in france , netherlands , hungary and so on . 
  at the moment while trying to get out uk is hurting the eu in a number of ways . 
  cold , reserved or mocking reactions are rather normal i say . . 
  in plain speak europe : just get the fuck out !, 
  what 's decently drunk in germany as it tend to mean different things in different places . . 
  it is a dark day for europe !, 
  it 's a joke . 
  even if ad absurdum moldova finds herself in the situation where it can help romania , and decides to , what are they going to support us with ? 
  jokes mate , hav e you heard of them ? 
  serbia of course . 
  but who will serbia support if russia comes to visit ? 
  i 'm among the first in line for a good russia bashing but this fuckhead does not represent the condoned opinion of russian officials or the russians . 
  this shit plastered all over the news and reddit is similar to russia today from the other side . 
  fuck this article and fuck propaganda outlets . 
  and fuck the english hooligans , the russian ones and the french ones for that matter . 
  i have no sympathy for any of them ( sans the blokes that clearly got caught in the middle and had no intention to fight ), 
  well we 're both in nato so in case of any attack , in theory , everyone should help , including france , so yes , we do count france as an ally . 
  even more than that , france has been very close to romania in the last decades always having good advice , backing us up in our projects , supporting us for the eu ascension , investing in key industries ( with great success ) and generally be warm and friendly with us . 
  for that france is respected and regarded with reverence as a friend of romania . 
  who wants to fuck with that ? 
  compliments from the russian tourism office . 
  truth be told english hooligans are also a bunch of cunts . 
  fuck all of them and the hooligan culture . . 
  shit ... 
  radioactive wild boar do n't give a fuck !, 
  fuck , i have tickets for albena later this month with my wife and baby . 
  would you rate albena safer than sunny beach ? 
  very interesting article . 
  the author has come to understand the local status quo , but i disagree with him in the end . 
  the normal wo n't ever come to romania because romanians do n't long for that but for prosperity , peace and independence . 
  but change is coming . 
  not in a few years but surely in a couple of decades . 
  she what will romania change into ? 
  we 'll have to see what the kids raised by google perceive as normal . . 
  wait . 
  are these confirmed delivered payments because for example romania was not able to draw more than 50 something percent from the money the eu was willing to give it ? 
  yeah , i 'd pass on that plastic bottle . 
  there are few good wines to be found though . 
  mind you , coming from france you 're used to outstanding wines . 
  my advice is to ask a local who knows a bit more than fuck all about wine , if you can find one . 
  if not google and google translate is your friend . 
  regarding food , i think i must agree with you . 
  there is probably nothing that can impress you . 
  i 'd give the artist a try but i think the chef 's belgian or smth . 
  i 'd also try the traditional dishes in places known to be more upmarket , maybe lacrimi si sfinti . 
  and do tell the waiters that you are looking to be impressed . . 
  cheers,
