  you 're wrong my friend !, 
  the millions of dacia kamikaze drivers training on the roads here to conquer russia when the time is right would bitterly disagree !, 
  was made into minced meat and sold as horse lasagna in western europe . . 
  i know at least two countries still ravaged by war that would disagree with you . . 
  unless russia allies with china . . ( we 're talking conventional war here , right ? ), 
  everyone agrees on the aforementioned , but nobody expected the gypsies . 
  this is the only reason this is being dragged on . . 
  i think you 're forgetting about the standards and quality of the things on which you spend all your money . . 
  this is n't about germany . 
  this is about merkel . 
  there will be a moment where germany will gain more with her on the side than at the helm . 
  the definition of too soon . . 
  but trouble is looking for you . . 
  ha ha !, 
  leave it to junker to open the fucking biggest cans of worms around . . 
  with open hearts and with what we can . . 
  . . a pit where we sink a hundred plus billions a year . . an eye for an eye makes the world blind . 
  quoting from europa.eu breakdown of romania 's finances with the eu in 2013 : total eu spending in romania -- $ 5.561 billion total eu spending as % of romanian gni -- 4.01 % total romanian contribution to the eu budget -- $ 1.369 billion romanian contribution to the eu budget as % of its gni -- 0.99 % those who think that romania even registers on the scale of eu problems are ill informed . . 
  let 's not be gratuitously mean . 
  romania is a remarkable success story looking at numbers . 
  contrary to popular belief it 's one of the safest countries in europe and while having a multitude of issues to chew on , corruption is tackled head on . 
  we 're actually in the ironic position to export know how in the fight against it . 
  make no mistake , these efforts , if continued , will be etched in history as a case study . 
  regarding the eu i think you 're right and junker is also right . 
  we need separate rules for different clusters on different levels of integration . 
  it 's clear as light and day and it would solve a huge amount of problems we have right now with the construct in a swift move . 
  for all the shit junker is getting he surely went balls deep in this shit . 
  only 2 years ago one would not dare utter the words that currently fill the agenda . . 
  so . . umm . . should we prepare for russian dick ? 
  i hope they realise that some of the countries there were popular holiday destinations . 
  for example egypt . . you go to egypt this year you ca n't visit the states for 5 years . 
  this is a bit retarded . . 
  more then that . 
  experience . 
  russia is a more aggressive bully than us . 
  equal footing between individual eu countries sans germany or maybe france is impossible . 
  russia will always try to dominate otherwise the leaders will lose power . 
  it 's even dangerous to engage russia economically as it can sever ties at will provoking shocks or gain ill influence by politically controlled capital . . 
  these are the main reasons it 's so isolated and europe favors american influence . 
  russia is not pure and innocent , a victim or an unfair treated cousin . 
  russia is dangerous as fuck !, 
  life in prison in solitary confinement is the worst punishment a man can receive . 
  worst than death . 
  there is the easy way out but due to religious beliefs muslims ca n't take it . 
  all that 's left is to watch their minds slip away . . 
  this . 
  it should be tackled the way the mafia was tackled . 
  with laws specifically designed for this . . 
  keep it classy turkey !, 
  the eu could have a world class army in a few years if it 's pushed in a corner . 
  it has colossal resources . . 
  the romanian army is poor , nevertheless we 'll help in any way we can , the presidency announced . 
  we stand by france as france has stood by us so many times . 
  the german army is extremely discrete . 
  besides afghanistan and kosovo i had no idea they 're so far out spread . . 
  which ones ? 
  the eu is actually great at nation building , if we are to look at the eastern european states and their young but robust democracies ... 
  they 're expecting the reactions of the russians for mh17 and they 'll react afterwards . . 
  when you 're invaded dozens of times in the span of a few hundred years you know when shit goes down . 
  you have the scars on your collective consciousness passed down from father to son . 
  any boots on the ground will sustain heavy casualties . 
  every isis soldier is a potential kamikaze . . people say it would be a walk in the park . 
  i disagree . 
  but i 'm ok with the decision if it comes to this . 
  european blood should have colossal costs for anybody that wants to take it . . 
  well , they could . 
  i do n't think it 's hard to pass a law that can accomplish this . . we pay a tax to own a car , do n't we ? 
  a car is a robot too . . 
  watch his popularity rise . . 
  those lazy northerners , sitting indoors sipping tea all day . . 
  a part of the bets are on an emerging east . 
  it it is to rise and start chipping in the coming decades there is a life after the uk for the eu . . 
  being a village is not so bad . 
  being a road is far worse . . 
  no need for further clarifications . . 
  so . . never . . 
  drugs , corruption , poverty , propaganda , consumerism . . 
  gypsies have very high rates of natality . 
  them leaving would bring the statistics down actually . . 
  ummm ... money ? 
  is burkina faso chile ? 
  in cases of severe burns you need very specialised care and special equipment among which . . special beds . 
  in general these beds and the equipment that comes with them are of a limited number in every eu country . 
  romania has around 30 and had to improvise fast to care for 150 people with severe burns , smoke intoxication and aerial ways burns . 
  the response from the eu countries offering doctors to come to romania or offering to take in burn victims sharing their limited number of specialised burns beds is touching and i want to thank them . 
  lately there was a lot of shit throwing in europe and talk was that we lost the european solidarity among the many crisis we endured . 
  do n't know about that . 
  in bucharest it 's strongly felt , alive and kicking . . 
  i think you have a distorted view of the era . 
  it is possible , due to insane subsidies from the ussr , yugoslavia was a little more prosperous than the eastern neighbors but even the laughable level ( compared to western countries at the time ) was a lie kept alive by dirt cheap oil , gas and tech from russia . . 
  were your family part of the administration ? 
  the had me there for a while . 
  this is a drastically different situation . . 
  do n't forget geopolitical factors . 
  the most stupid thing you can do is to be dependent on 3rd party actors for basic food supplies . 
  in case shit hits the fan nobody will prioritise exports over local needs . . 
  i lived under communism . 
  capitalism is working absolutely fantastic if we were to compare . 
  did portuguese go full retard ? 
  i can assure you it is possible and if you do not have roma camps at the moment you 'll soon experience them like france , italy , sweden etc have . .
