  bucharest was never occupied in order for it to be liberated . . 
  what 's to stop the eu of delaying the swiss deal in order to treat every issue separately . . 
  yes , yes , absolutely . 
  oh do n't get me wrong we 're shit compared to norway in all indices but what i wanted to underline is that so far , for us , the eu is working smoothly . 
  we 're improving and it wo n't be long until we 're going to be net contributors . 
  criminality , black market trading , non fiscal labour , begging , hustling . 
  there are plenty of ways to make some money . 
  the only prerequisite is money to exist in the area . . 
  romania looks a lot better now than when it joined in 2007 and not even a decade passed . 
  problems are being solved . 
  i am confident that the bet on us will be a winning one in the medium to long term . 
  a stable , medium market , west aligned and with a vibrant democracy at the black sea is a very juicy asset for the eu and as the quality of life and wages increase , for the european industries and their high end product and services . 
  this is applying the law and signed treaties . 
  this would probably hurt the uk if they do n't come to a norway style agreement . 
  but that would , when the lines are drawn , show clearly the monumental stupidity of this whole endeavor . 
  the brexit camp is desperately trying to get something more than that so they can spin all of this into a victory . 
  they wo n't get it . 
  they wo n't get a dime more than the others , the eu wo n't move an inch to favor it . 
  that is denying special treatment . 
  punishment would be to actively work to crash the uk economy or hurt it by other means . 
  i doubt this will happen . 
  this is exactly what it is . 
  uk will be an external actor . 
  step 1 . recognize isis as a state . 
  step 2 . 
  invoke article 5 at any act of war from said state . 
  step 3 . 
  it 's not in the interest of the eu that the uk prolongs the uncertainty as it sees fit . 
  we must now protect our interests in face of what 's to be an external actor . 
  if you do n't enact fiddy till fall you will be forced to and that is not in your interest . 
  no hard feelings . 
  it 's just business now . 
  savaged . 
  just that they do n't really have more time because the trade agreements with canada are up for voting and romania clearly said it would veto it sans a visa waiver . 
  is it just me or these fuckers target touristic places in particular ? 
  this is retarded . 
  with politicians like this does the uk want to go out into the unknown ? 
  how the fuck can they set this up ? 
  how can they enforce it ? 
  immigrants hunting squads ? 
  good luck finding them in london for example . . 
  the ugly truth is outside armed borders and some borderline nazi internal measures it ca n't be stopped . 
  eu or non eu people will still trickle in as long as the economy is there to support them . 
  so what kind of country is the uk trying to be ? 
  they probably expected popular support . . 
  this is beyond stupid and it will come back to haunt erdogan and turkey for decades . 
  sticky ballsacks season !, 
  i was very surprised to find out that texans do n't usually turn of their ac most of the year . 
  i thought they 're crazy . 
  then when i visited i understood . 
  no , do n't know why he wrote them like that . 
  why op ? 
  then we 're probably fucked . 
  i mean if she ca n't keep it together how can she slap ? 
  would n't it be cool that the eagle on the eagle had an eagle on it 's chest ? 
  let 's start a petition !, 
  you knew i was joking , you probably knew nazis contributions to the advancement of science are pretty well known to the public so in consequence also to me , but you felt compelled to answer wasting an amount of time that could have made you 0.1 % better at kendama effectively forcing me to answer you and waste an equal amount of time . 
  we must stop this madness !, 
  like what ? 
  oh , right , they were dressed ... to kill !, 
  nothing changes . . 
  yes . 
  rich saudis have a special way to say thank you !, 
  they gift an oil tanker filled to the brim to the person they want to thank . 
  hence the saying : tank you !, 
  i distinctly remember the words of a young rich saudi which was to return home after spending the summer in london driving his lamborghini : take away our oil and give us your trees , your parks , your rivers and your mountains . 
  we will tank you . 
  qol is sky high in most of europe , even in some parts of eastern europe . 
  we have cities in transilvania reaching top ten nowadays , a thing unthinkable two decades ago for a country like romania . . 
  a weaker currency would help greece and portugal and probably half the euro zone . 
  in absence of that we are witnessing a slow mo train wreck . 
  if germany wants to keep the eu whole it has to do something and at the moment every involves germany doing something they do n't really want . . 
  get a fucking decent military germany . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself !, 
  see that sweet surplus instantly melt away . 
  there is absolutely no place in the civilised world for genital mutilation and those who do it should serve serious hail time . 
  also , does that mean that compared to this growth , ireland is heading into recession ? 
  i can return to my life and finally have some rest now !, 
  praise the lord !, 
  condolences italybros . 
  it 's a very sad moment indeed . 
  i 've heard there were children on board . . 
  this is one for the history books !, 
  buried along gyspy hate propaganda and cherry picked crime stories the romanian ( the ethnicity not the nationality ) diaspora is a poster child of successful integration . 
  it 's exactly the right kind of immigration areas that lack workforce need , with all the right boxes checked . 
  the only sins of people who really left to work is that they were poor and sometimes low educated . 
  and people hate the poor and dumb . . 
  the gypsy problem and the crimes networks belong to another debate . 
  i wanted to isolate the ones that were of pure intentions . . 
  you think the rest of the eastern block countries were daisies when western capital started flowing through them ? 
  also , in general , first money in is speculative and tends to suck a lot of profits but it paves the way for the next waves . . 
  i especially enjoyed how it united the russians and the english . 
  that 's probably to avoid being dumped by others via proxys . 
  remember the belarus case during the ukrainian conflict ? 
  when they 'd become one of the largest exporters of seafood towards russia in a few short months ? 
  belarus is landlocked country btw . 
  what you really want to read once you look more carefully between the lines is the city is fucked . 
  i do n't think wto has the same sweet perks they had before , but i do n't think it will come to that . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i am sure a lot of people dig free movement , lower roaming tariffs , the environmental programs and all the rest of the cool stuff,
