  maybe we should start a thread in our country 's subreddit . 
  you also pay taxes from your income besides the bribes . 
  it 's called mandatory medical insurance . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the freedom to bribe your way out of tickets and jail time , the freedom to bribe your doctor to do a surgical operations on your child , the freedom to bribe your way to a phd , the freedom to bribe for otherwise free permits , and probably the freedom to bribe a border agent for a visa . 
  says the polish , the first one in the guns barrel after they finish with us . 
  no , i did not compare him to hitler . 
  i implied that he is a racist , as immigration criminality is not tied to any specific race . 
  i also tried to remind him that his country does not have a spotless record concerning managing minorities and the fact that they do n't have ( a lot of ) gypsies ( most eastern european states do ) is directly tied to the way the dealt with it in the past ( and not only in the recent past ) . 
  the borders are opened from 2007 . 
  anybody can get in with an id card and is subjected to routine security checks . 
  what schengen would mean for the general population is the disappearance of these small inconveniences , but would mean a lot for trade and businesses , including the 9 billion worth german ones . 
  this is a blatant lie . 
  i heard some rumors circling that frankfurt has developed what we could classify as '' ambitions '' . 
  they hate us for our freedom !, 
  i 'm romanian and believe it or not i agree . 
  probably a better date for romania and bulgaria to join would have been 2014 . 
  the conditions should have been tougher . 
  we would all be better off i think . 
  but the date is not the only mistake . 
  the labour market should have been opened from the start . 
  this way the quality of inherent migration would have been far superior , and states can and do benefit from specialized labour import . 
  what western got instead was the gypsies and the thieves who had no problem of taking risks and did n't give a fuck about rules and papers . 
  also the migration did n't start in 2007 but from the second ceausescu was topled and we stoped guarding our borders with ak 's so that nobody got out . 
  if you 're a german this is scary !, 
  maybe you should show us how to fix the problem in an efficient , sistematic way , right ? 
  i really do n't get norway 's one foot in one foot out policy . 
  almost all obligations , no swinging power . 
  that 's why eastern european immigration is favorable to african or asian immigration . 
  in case of italy and romania i think it 's a best case scenario as romanians can be fully assimilated in a short amount of time but i maybe biased as i am romanian ( not an immigrant and no intention of becoming one ) also , the gypsy problem i think should be treated separately as talking about integration and gypsies in the same sentence is blasphemous . 
  i sometimes wonder if ww2 was n't our civil war . 
  i mean if it were to have a sincere name the eu would probably be named the franco-german empire leaning to the german side . 
  it sometimes feels like the germans had another go at their obsessive ambition to forge an european empire this time thinking outside the box and achieving it by economic power and soft power . 
  you want your immigrants to dilute and not coagulate . 
  immigrants from very different cultures than the host culture will tend to coagulate ( china town , ethnic neighborhoods ) and try to maintain as much of their initial culture as they can . 
  they 're exercising austerity in exercising austerity . 
  my water supplier is already privatized . 
  good luck with that . 
  i promised myself skip ny times articles from the tesla fiasco onward . 
  so i 'll pass this . 
  can you explain why this would not be a good thing ? 
  this is another a milestone in the ambitions of the eu to become the de facto science hub of the world . 
  the brain drain of europe in the decades after ww2 was fantastic , and in the present with all these efforts it 's like they want to tell the worlds scientist : `` if you want to do hard science , come to europe . '', 
  the benefits will probably begin to show in a decade or more , with personalized genetic therapies and other drugs . 
  i think the project was a little ahead of its time and everybody had to catch up and realize what they can do with this type of information . 
  you can find easily change the title to that to : places where young adults afford homes or have jobs that enable them to contract a morgage . 
  we need an united army for that , otherwise the costs to secure the borders would be colossal . 
  and for that we would need an official language . 
  and for that we would need ... 
  there she comes !, 
  can you smell it ? 
  mostly the same in romania , with some meals eaten with polenta ( mamaliga ) instead of bread . 
  if kasparov keeps this shit up he risks biting a bullet . . 
  this is so profoundly british . . 
  of course , but that alone ca n't explain the huge differences . . 
  we did n't integrate the gypsies . 
  contrary to popular belief a significant percent of gypsies are well integrated . 
  they work , they dress and they speak just like the majority and when that is the case a funny thing happens . 
  their ethnicity becomes invisible , they do n't get noticed anymore . . 
  because they have many machines and robots yo aid them , and what they output has high added value . . 
  the discrepancies with others ca n't be explained otherwise if we were to analyze human vs human . 
  a german simply ca n't build 5 times more screws than a bulgarian in the same time . . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was because they want to secure eastern mediterana access and influence with their 2 bases in syria and the one in cyprus . 
  along with that deny israel the possibility to build a gas pipe to europe to sell their newly discovered gas of their coast , reserves which if tapped would put israel in the top 3 global producers . . oh well , i guess stealing the thunder seems more plausible , after all , men fight for honor . . 
  well in romania we 're getting the fence treatment . 
  we have dreamt for generations for a fence to keep the hungarians out . 
  now they 're building it for us on their own expense . 
  we ca n't complain . . 
  this is exactly what happened man, 
  everytime it starts up in the balkans !, 
  umm , naaaaah man , in romania everything was done by the book and following the law at the letter . 
  umm ... what ? 
  if they go full retard thousands of russians will die . . 
  one can never know . 
  the economy grew pretty steady under their mandate . 
  that should win them some votes . 
  the pm though will surely change as the current one is under trial . . 
  it is , but it 's far from what these people have been led to believe they 'll receive . . 
  germans should do it too and tell them the benefits are 360 eur per month and what they heard about rivers of honey is a lie . . 
  umm , i think we 'll vote to nuke them . 
  the last few days their foreign affairs minister and ours are verbally abusing each others like gypsies in a car accident . . 
  romania 's vote is tied to schengen ascension vetoed by germany and holland 3 times so far on bullshit grounds . 
  or so it seems . . 
  go estonia !, 
  whoa , did n't know that !, 
  i 'd go a step further . 
  have the possibility to elect eu citizens in office in any country . 
  i 'd like me a german mayor . 
  it does n't even need to talk the language . 
  english is fine . . 
  and a part of them will go back applying pressure for change . . 
  well it 's not those guys i 'm worried about . 
  if they wanted to come back out means they realised what isis really is . 
  it 's the guys that believe believe the isis propaganda already in europe that are probably the most inclined . . 
  i 'm sorry dude , i 've heard this stupid shit before . 
  the vast majority of european fighters which left are known . 
  then coming from anywhere in the zone will be suspicious , first class or not . 
  oh you spend a year and a half in syria visiting relatives , sure sir , would you step aside and follow us please . . 
  talking of anticipation .
