  it creeks where it can and tirelessly works on many fronts . 
  the threat is real an palpable , our geography does n't help us in any way . 
  we have all the reasons to be cautious and deeply dislike the russian regime . 
  the same way trump is possible . 
  propaganda war on digital steroids . 
  that and the fact that moldova suffered an agressive process of russification for more than 70 years . 
  canada is seen as closer to the eu perspective and values than the usa . 
  canada is liked on the global stage similar to the way germany is liked and respected . 
  a lot of what you said is true but trudeau is after heart and minds at the moment and he 's getting them . 
  from a moral standpoint canada is surely a leader of the free world . 
  never heard the kind of rhetoric that comes out of the mouth of the us leadership from canada for example . 
  i like swiss francs, 
  why is sweden doing this ? 
  maybe romania ? 
  we hate russia with a passion called moldova . 
  lithuania , next year both our countries will celebrate the centenarian !, 
  get them bros !, 
  we salute you from across the danube !, 
   we 're fighting here as well with the plague that is corruption . 
  respect . 
  well , a lot of people died building them , so that 's that . 
  it was also customary to use convicts for hard labor . 
  we had tones of political convicts , a lot of them intellectuals . 
  yeah . 
  we ` llb probably go for dots, 
  it 's going to be a bitch but we might pull it off woth gps and markers on the ground . . 
  oh , yeah , that too . . 
  fb event explaining and simulation pictures traveling around fb . 
  in front of the government there are a few very tall light poles . 
  sectors were established relative to them . 
  people in the crowd spreading red , blue , yellow simple sheets of paper . 
  people realising they can shine the flashlight of their phones under the sheets for greater effect and sharing this mouth to mouth . 
  at 9pm everybody did this together . 
  was there . 
  i 'm fairly tall . 
  the view from inside the crowd was as cool as from above . 
  one of the rarest pepe !, 
  this electoral period will probably mark the end of influence of the 50-70 generation . 
  things should start to look more interesting as the digital revolution contemporaries and digital natives gain more and we make the passage to the 4th industrial revolution . 
  it 's the end of an era . 
  it 's last desperate kick . . 
  i think trump is going to have a few surprises . 
  europe has been portraied as a feeble frail thing for so long that people are starting to believe it . 
  i think this year will show the massive resolve of this behemoth when cornered or threatened . 
  the squares were left clean every night starting with that one . 
  social media organised squads with brooms and trash bags swept the gathering places every night after the crowds left . 
  this lady makes a measly buck gathering and delivering plastic bottles to recycling centers . 
  she is the poster figure of the core base of spd 's electorate . 
  a very desperate vulnerable layer of society kept captive by the promises of small increases to absolutely miserable welfare checks , pensions and other social programmes . 
  and still , she 's on the side of the `` children '', 
  the right is so shit right now , my left shoe could have won the election . 
  that and low turnout . 
  i guess we wo n't have problems with the latter for at least a decade . 
  much easier to vote than spend 5 night at subzero . . 
  turkey , that 's a badd ass view , but more importantly , what 's on the table ? 
  i must note the romanian president does n't have as many powers as the french one though . 
  color me impressed !, 
  i would argue the precise opposite . 
  the biggest protests since the fall of the communists say that we have the exact reflexes that we should . . 
  bro , thank you for this comment . 
  it just might be that this is the source of their inspiration . 
  this is exactly what they want to do !, 
  they 'll produce added value in other parts of europe, 
  i do n't think that option is available for you . 
  it 's either top dog or somebody 's bitch . 
  in these times it might be china , in some years it might be eurasia ( eu + russia & stans ) . 
  a world without a dominant player has not yet been seen, 
  well that 's why we 've filled the streets . 
  to prevent it . 
  that 's just bad ass italy . 
  what an experience it must be to climb the stairs , reach the top and be humbled by that view . . 
  and then people get surprised by shit like the brexit . 
  largest in the last 20 + years . 
  because there is a thing in democracy called legitimacy . 
  vote turnout was 40 % and they got 40 % percent out of that . 
  they do not represent the will of the real majority . 
  joke protest sign in the piata . 
  `` you got to be insane to fuck with a people who 's favourite desert is coliva ( a special kind of wheat cake served exclusively at funerals ) '', 
  150k at full swing . 
  massive protests . 
  150k more around the country . 
  at romania scale these are once a generation protests . 
  it hit the fan . 
  for the last past year we struggled to fight corruption putting with huge difficulties a significant number of political figures behind bars . 
  in one quick swipe the newly elected government erased all those years of hard work passing laws ( they can legiferate in case of urgency ) that will liberate all high profile cases and be practically legalising corruption . 
  the details are even more outrageous than the summary . 
  this is after the president asked for a referendum on the matter !, 
  legitimacy does matter though . . 
  and this is the family from which the romanian royal dinasty came . 
  ha ha , that is exactly what russians would do . 
  i can already see putin 's face lying through his teeth . 
  i like the same ones , but i find ukraine 's the most elegant and timeless . 
  also turkey has a symbol that is universally known . 
  no small feat . 
  yes !, 
  give us more ban !, 
  ( evil laugh ), 
  yes , but the pound can fail harder . 
  like 99 % unlikely . 
  who are you kidding ?
