  that will never happen , but we will slowly learn to live with each other and mix more and more . 
  to reach the european you are talking about will take centuries if not a millennium . 
  first of all , thanks for taking the time to spell such a detailed answer . 
  i understand there are intricacies , but only recently we witnessed the passing of a great man than managed to unite a country much more divided and to forgive an evil way deeper than this . 
  i agree , he was one in a million . 
  maybe you 'll find that rare voice of sanity among your leaders . 
  balkanization is never a good thing . 
  i should know , i live here . 
  are catalans insane . 
  leaving the eu would spell collapse for the local economy . 
  ca n't this independence be somehow negotiated in a framework similar to that of the uks ? 
  why the radicalism ? 
  watch the body language . 
  he 's lying . 
  i 'd vote in and so would the country . 
  my opinion is that the small european states have no chance to prosper otherwise in the current global landscape . 
  some members will gain more than others but none will loose as much as outside the eu . 
  source to what ? 
  the attestation of human trafficking for begging ? 
  pls search for yourself . 
  there are organized crime criminal networks that managed to set up shop in said cities . 
  if not seriously fought they will appear in more and more cities importing ever more larger crowds of poor people from the east . 
  i would n't bet on that . 
  ... good for you . 
  carry on . 
  at least you 're not romanian . 
  imagine the reactions . 
  all . 
  over . 
  europe . 
  i try not to let it bring me down . 
  although the international gypsy ( and non gypsy ) mafia rings are real and their spectacular rise and success probably surprised even the criminals , common romanians are nice people and i know these reactions are just a momentarily pr problem . 
  when i said `` lost '' i was being sarcastic . 
  i was thinking more about covert operations not literally a lost nuke and the possibility of the expansion of the nuclear umbrella program covering most of europe . 
  remember israel is suspected to host close to 200 nuclear warheads but they publicly state not to have nuclear weapons . 
  of course your arguments are way closer to the truth but it 's fun to play conspiracy sometimes  as i said . 
  twas all speculation , 
  i would go a step further , and argue that this is a covert nuclear umbrella program . 
  as always there are things left out for the public but clues can be seen here or there . 
  for example romania needs to change its jet fighter fleet and chose to go with reconditioned f16 when it could have had the euro fighter ( a categorically superior plane ) . 
  the reconditioned f16s can carry nuclear warhead equipped missiles , the euro fighter can not . 
  americans have 2 rather big military bases in romania , a nuke or two could get lost somewhere . 
  this is all speculation of course . 
  talking about the daily mail ? 
  romanians showed in repeated polls that they are one of the most europhile nations in the union . 
  agree about the georgian president . 
  probablly his most notable act was the reform of the police system . 
  filat is one of the men that steered moldova towards it 's fresh european journey . 
  well , you need to import shit to build shit to export . 
  well done germany !, 
  this is distasteful . 
  it does not honor you , or the german people . 
  they would rather have a german industry rather than a russian one . 
  i still we can muster another mil . 
  you see , you need to squeeze it real hard , a couple of vat percents there , some cents on the gas price , a little more inflation and in no time the faucet will be leaking again in no time . 
  i have strong confidence our government can rise to the challenge . 
  the famous carrot and the stick strategy that the eu has used so many times . 
  if moldova sets itself on a sure path to the eu , once in the eu the division can be an advantage . 
  there would be 2 romanian states always voting the same and having a slightly increased lobby , access to funds and so on . 
  if the eu wants to seal the lot in eastern europe it is actually in it 's interest to unite the 2 states . 
  it is ironic . 
  i would n't bet on that . 
  we import massive quantities of goods from we . 
  all these goods are made by able men all over europe . 
  the eastern block is the only region than can absorb such large quantities of goods on easy terms they would otherwise be much harder to export ( because of taxes or perishable timeframes etc ) . 
  but that 's the entire eastern block . 
  a singular country would , of course , not make a large impact with the smaller eastern gdps and if taken individually can be made to look insignificant . 
  but it ads up and the potential is huge . 
  i do n't even want to go into geopolitical aspects like energy and food security , transport routes and so on . 
  we are blessed and cursed to get along . 
  if not ... well we all know what happens if we do not . 
  we 've seen it twice . 
  thats not true . 
  eastern europe is a big market for western companies . 
  it 's a matter of the heart . 
  moldovans have never forgotten that romania lost the territory that is now their country without a fight ( not much good would have done fighting the russians ) . 
  this is why right now there is n't a strong reunification movement . 
  the mentality is : . 
  ` we 'll show you !, 
  we can fend for ourselves . 
  we can go on without you ! ', 
  except they really ca n't and depend on the good will of others . 
  left unsolved and alone moldova would become a failed state in a couple of decades . 
  this is why it 's imperious that romania and eu lend a hand . 
  romania and moldova are probably planning a `` soft reunification '' set in stages starting with moldova joining the eu . 
  you know , i do agree with you in the fact that romania was not ready to join the eu and also with the fact that the ascension perspective would have been ( and actually was as reforms were pushed at a much faster rate before the ascension than after ) a strong motivator in dealing with the gypsy problem among others . 
  where we diverge is on two key nuances concerning the problem . 
  the first is the scale of the problem . 
  you can not integrate individuals who do n't know how to write and read . 
  to have individuals than can be integrated you need to educate them so they can be able to cope with the demands of modern society . 
  for somebody to be able to go to school they need their primary needs to be taken care of : shelter , food , clothing . 
  these people are soo soo poor that they can barely barely meet these needs . 
  we are talking medieval level shit right here . 
  to take one of their work able ( older than 10-11 ) child away from a family in this condition could mean the difference between subsistence and plain hunger . 
  but let 's say the romanian state would have the money to put these children in schools till they finish high-school . 
  this leads me to my second point . 
  the corruption in romania is so endemic that the government has colossal problems in implementing any kind of projects . 
  so even if we had the money , reaching the ones in need with this money would be a problem . 
  ( it 's the same problem with the eu funds . 
  romania simply is not able to spend but a small fraction because of the corruption ) there is much to discuss on why and what and when but i 'm just describing the realist perspective here with key insights from inside .
