  this is a bit whisfull thinking . 
  ukraine will collapse way before russia in an attrition war and nobody will attack russia because of nukes . 
  but those pipes will surely be axed if the ukrainians are pushed in a corner . 
  preach brother !, 
  how about sending troops in nato countries first like romania and poland . . 
  she is also very able to maneuver . 
  one of her favourite ways to move is from brink to brink . 
  she 's hesitant to deal until there 's a clear precipice that the public can perceive . 
  the handling of the euro crisis is exemplary for these tactics . 
  unfortunately i think the russians are well aware of this and are slow boiling the frog . 
  not being worried about reelection , and being able to sway public opinion his way even when the truth is clear as day gives putin a strong upper hand . 
  europe is engaged in an unconventional and asymmetric war with brilliant tacticians that have the advantage . 
  surely merkel knows it and surely she is cooking something . 
  i still have faith in her . 
  i do n't know much about ireland either , but it 's okay . . we 're learning . . 
  of course . 
  i would keep them for romania . 
  they bother the muslims . 
  i would erase them ... 
  but you do n't understand . . 
  they are welcome . . 
  this table explains the position of germany regarding the ukrainian affair . . 
  i want germany to pull out a fucking giant carrot and a fucking giant stick . . 
  you fail to see the point . 
  russia can fuck the entire eastern part of the continent without firing a single round . 
  what is the alliance that protects it against subversive aggresion because nato sure as shit ai n't that . 
  before our eyes the russians are inventing new ways to wage war and to counter it we need new type of alliances . 
  the energy union is one , there need to be others , otherwise the decades and trillion invested in the east will be in vain and others will reap the fruits of this struggle . 
  as we speak there are countries in the east directly influenced at the top level by russia ( hungary , bulgaria ) . 
  i sincerely believe that russia is way , way more dangerous outside of its formidable armed forces for the stability and prosperity of the eu . 
  have you ever thought of the way russia chooses to engage the eu ? 
  bribery is the oldest , most used , most obvious and most efficient way they do it . 
  can you think about the way the uk government would act if it were offered 20 years of free gas so as not to interfere in eastern europe affairs ? 
  you see , the westerners have a dissociated view about russia , they never dealt with it to understand the futility of acting by the book with them . 
  they also do n't get the fact that easterners feel genuinely threatened by russia . 
  and it is not necessarily of an invasion , because russia has a very thick cookbook of how to properly fuck a country from the backstage , the energy policy being just one prime example . 
  that 's why most of the easterners try to suck as much american cock as they can because deep down they know security guarantees from western europeans do n't cover subversive aggresion and in general are shit . 
  now germany has bulged . 
  this is a signal to others . 
  ukraine may be sacrificed for the sake of gas . 
  moldova and georgia can say goodbye to any chance of joining the eu , orban is eating from putin 's hand , bulgaria only needs discreet signs to assume the blowjob position , greece has several pipelines from russia coming it 's way , do n't even get me started with serbia ... that leaves romania very , very isolated . 
  that explains the shift in foreign policy announced almost a decade ago by the romanian president , placing the first pivot in washington which raised eyebrows in berlin and paris . 
  also , in romania at least , the common opinion is germany will deal with the russians above easterners heads , following their interests , fucking them in the process . . as before . 
  the secret is to have more to go around . 
  this way when you draw from the bag you are sure to catch some . 
  on a serious note , romania is facing a war of political factions . 
  one faction had influence over the justice system and uses it to club the others . 
  until a few years ago it seems there was a line ( a deal ) somewhere and politicians from any side were protected . 
  lines have been crossed and some names have been sacrificed which dragged others down . 
  some investigators were let loose , some corrupt ( ible ) judges were arrested so that who had to be brought down to have a streamlined path to a jail cell , but the downsize is that some parts of these anti corruption agencies might have gone rogue realising that in a place where everybody is stained it can swing massive cock and deal the cards at the big boys table . 
  certainly the next couple of years will be interesting . 
  i wish i can convey the feeling of seeing these '' untouchable titans '' hit the cells . 
  imagine seeing an arrogant figurehead gloating in massive wealth which everybody knows is of illicit means giving lessons of morality , laughing in the face of justice , demeaning state institutions for years . . finally fall !, 
  please pass the popcorn . . 
  that 's more than enough to force an exit . 
  imagine a country is sanctioned to have their vote suspended and at the next budget all the others vote that said country receives zero budget . 
  that would send a very clear message . . 
  try to search for corijica also . . 
  that just added a couple of years to the ascension date of serbia . 
  yes . 
  but it 's progressing and it was way worse in the 90 's and people bitch more today than then . . 
  the fuck it will . . 
  it will end up not being built if putin keeps at it . . 
  yep . 
  romanian confirming this . 
  we bitch about everything all the time . 
  we are also of the conviction that we have the worst government , the worst administration the worst public funds thefts and so on ... 
  i managed to snap out of this mentality when i heard a croat speaking as with my own words about my own country and when i heard germans complain about the administration in similar fashion as us . . 
  except mosad . 
  mosad do n't give a fuck . . 
  what if for example isis becomes the enemy of nato and said person fought in isis army ? 
  can we declare a citizen persona non grata ? 
  more arms in the middle east !, 
  that will improve everything !, 
  clapping !, 
  you rent the house to someone and rent a house near a job . 
  do n't see the problem . . 
  fuck man . 
  come to eastern europe and get a fucking mansion for 300k . . 
  i got shit for a similar position about romania . 
  if we had sane leaders they would start an eastern military alliance yesterday . . 
  but shaorma !, 
  what you 're saying makes total sense but we 're talking about the russians here not some second hand military ( of which us army had problems not with one but several ) we 're not talking partial engagement here . 
  it 's all in or all out . 
  that would be a colossal decision on behalf of the us administration . 
  indeed . 
  old , but i 'll allow it , 
  indeed , they did n't guarantee territorial integrity but they still both breached the agreements . 
  this is exactly the world play i expect when push comes to shove . 
  `` eastern europeans never spent what they should have . 
  we can not cover all the costs . . and shit of this nature . 
  what the fuck does it matter what it 's called ? 
  it could have been a fucking handshake , a broken deal is a broken deal ... 
  i wish all europeans had your attitude but unfortunately they do n't . 
  with every occasion , otherwise the lies will become the new truth . 
  many are not aware that we are currently suffering from a wave of discrimination never before experienced by the romanian people . 
  the us along with russia have guaranteed the safety and integrity of ukraine in exchange for surrendering their soviet nuclear weapons stockpile . 
  much good it did them ... 
  wtf ? 
  we would probably found a use to them .
