  the key has to fit the lock . 
  as negatives i find you a little boring , and as all northerners a little too serious . 
  you really need to say fuck it !, 
  and live the moment sometimes . 
  be loud , be rude , make faces , shout , laugh out loud , exagerate , dare , share and care . 
  life is short . 
  enjoy that shit !, 
  well romania and ukraine had a very cold relation for some good . 
  minor skirmishes , border disputes , danube delta politics , etc , and that left a bad taste regarding it as a state . 
  regarding the people ... splendid girls , lots of drinking , friendliness , though posture ( as the russians ) . 
  regarding the economy i view it as what romania would have been sans the eu ascension . 
  about the culture i really do n't know anything . 
  it 's what eu means , but through a complex conspiracy theory came to mean something else . 
  i mean what the hell is europe ? 
  who invented that shit ? 
  i 'm talking about the popular apelative . 
  we called them \u0163igani too ( which phonetical in english would be tzigun ) they called themselves roma and made everybody else call them that implying that \u0163igan is derogatory and demeaning . 
  ( wonder who 's to blame it became that ), 
  and also aggressive ... 
  i respect that opinion . 
  allow me to keep mine . 
  history will be the judge . 
  the question nobody seems to ask is how much better off it would have been under a more competent leader . 
  it 's just a suspicion of mine . 
  if you 'd want to pull something like this up this would be the perfect way to do it , as transporting the components would not raise suspicion . 
  remember it would not be the first time one party tries ( cuba ) or succeeds ( israel is suspected to have dozens of warheads , some say even close to 200 ), 
  if poland gets candy we wants candy too !, 
  they probably realized they lost eastern europe and are stealing a few cookies on their way out . 
  also the missile defense would probably also equip poland with some covert nukes and the russians knew about it . 
  maybe we should then spread the rumor among the russians that we have developed a chemical gay bomb and threaten them we 'll carpet bomb them with that shit , since they 're so afraid of it , 
  there are also very loved and admired . 
  they seem to forget that . 
  well if poland gets some troops we want some too . 
  throw some nukes with that too and i guess some drones and jet fighters wo n't hurt as our planes are so old they fall out of the sky , 
  i did n't necessarily meant that , there are really pacifist societies now where they too have softened up and not because of the police , but in emergent cultures , in emergent democracies where the establishment is prone to corruption and abuses where societal bonds are strained people feel the need or are required to be tough you will always find them well organised . 
  i read that with a polish accent , 
  no , the club is bigger . 
  also romania , bulgaria , croatia and i may be missing others . 
  americans feel a lot of people hate them but they forget how many people still love them and eastern europe is a place where people favor and think highly of them . 
  ( with the exception of serbia of course ), 
  when war breaks hooligans are usually at the center of the events . 
  used to dealing and able to project violence they are usually the whipping arms of societies against control and coercion . 
  i am of the opinion they play a role in society beyond chanting , brawling and being assholes as some kind of antibodies to an overly authoritarian police force . 
  you should also check out the romanian style . 
  very intricate . 
  this is a valid point . 
  i do n't keep the romanian people in very high regard either ( my own people ) as you i tend to think there would be a popularity rise in the poor and stupid ( of which there are a lot ) but the difference is basescu would never get into the position to pull something like this . 
  he or any other would not reach the position where if provided that romania would have a world-class army , a world-class financial resource , and a gazprom could use them discretionary . 
  basescu tried to pull some shit and it was suppressed by the opposition and the civil society . 
  the opposition also tried to remove basescu from power forcing the law and again the civil society and the eu reacted and kept them in check . 
  also , basescu declared clear and concise that any sort of reunification would only be considered at the request of moldova and finally the romanian people do n't have any history or experience of conquest outside it 's basin . 
  oh , i 'm not talking about romania making huge progress , but of russians regressing . 
  i know what happened in my country . 
  the same thing happened in russia , ukraine and most of former communist states in eastern europe . 
  we got swung around by the eu and set on a clear path and signs of improvement are not scarce . 
  we will never have the financial provess of richer countries but we will evolve to become a better society with a decent standard of living . 
  this is what the numbers show at least . 
  finland has one of the highest standard of living in the world and their gift to the world is their societal model free for everyone to follow and one of the most complicated things in this world to get right . 
  i have nothing but respect for them and when ` finland says something ' i , for one , tend to pay attention . 
  well we do n't sit on an ocean of gas but let 's see for how long . 
  they should be saudi rich , instead ... 
  listen man , everybody is entitled to their own opinion . 
  my opinion of the russian people that managed to achieve record highs percent of approval for putin in light of what happened in crimea and what is happening now in ukraine is stated above . 
  if this is their mentality they deserve the return to dictatorship and all the good stuff that come with this . 
  as for the clear headed russian people , i pray that they manage to get out while they still can or the herd will sentence them to misery . 
  i know the psych of the average poorly educated russian and believe me they have nothing but hate and spite for you , for me and our model of society . 
  so i say again . 
  let them have what they crave for . 
  their own civilization model . 
  yeah , it 's easy to take the higher moral stand when you as a people did n't have russian dick up your ass for centuries . 
  yeah , russian jets flybyes on our shores really put me in a mellow mood . 
  older people are nostalgic about their youth when they were active participants in society . 
  today with the utter shit pensions they are excluded and for many the situation is dramatic . 
  the healthcare system is also in crumbles , another big impact issue on people from these categories . 
  for many of them the situation was really better . 
  they would rather have the dictatorship back than beg for food . 
  what would be your choice ? 
  dna ( national anti-corruption agency ) is making waves in europe lately . 
  it seems like every other day they arrest more and more mps and businessmen and political figures . 
  i 've heard that last year it was of the most efficient in europe , and as a romanian i can confirm that indeed things feel like they 're moving towards a good direction . 
  on the other hand corruption is massive in romania . 
  we have entire communist generation born and bred with it . 
  it will be very very hard to shake up the instincts but i hope we 'll reach a tipping point in a decade or two ... 
  fuck the russians !, 
  the whole country is full of sick sadist fucks . 
  from the top down . 
  do not get influenced by images of normal people . 
  they are a minority . 
  most of them believe the nationalist propaganda and hate the west with passion . 
  let them have another couple of decades of dictatorship . 
  see where that gets them . 
  see how proud and prosperous they 'll be in 10 years ... 
  probably because from the outside the big differences we see between us are perceived as small and at least the big cosmopolitan touristy cities are already melting pots that project the same vibe . 
  he has a point . 
  these guys are similar to the poor and poorly educated in small and medium towns in romania . 
  the poor and poorly educated rural population in romania is at middle ages levels of awareness and civilization . 
  it saddens me to say it ... but its the truth ... on a bright note the internet has massive impact in romanian culture and slowly creates more and more awareness of what it means to be and live civilized . 
  oh trust me , these blokes got nothing on romanian rednecks , 
  my world is shattered !, 
  go to google maps , pick any city in the eastern part of romania , and zoom down to street level and wonder around ...
