  three letters . . imf . 
  the eu might chip in , but remember , these loans are not for free . 
  if turkey reaches that point it will temporary lose components of their sovereignty as any other country that needed this kind of assistance . 
  absolute savage !, 
  compared to all countries around the globe i think it 's accurate . 
  you might argue it 's medium sized compared to the states of the eu though . 
  despite all their fallings and the mountain of work that is left to be done , these little countries , especially romania , are performers in their region and in regard to the place they started . 
  and the eu has everything to do with this . 
  as a citizen or romania i 'd like to thank our euro bros for the support and hope that we will have the chance to return the favors . 
  happy 2017 !, 
  yeah . 
  the fear is completely gone now . 
  the socdems , seen as the inheritors of the communist party just won the election in romania . 
  voted by the old and the uneducated they ran a campaign sprinkled with nationalistic overtones and xenophobic comments . 
  you 're not describing the future , but the present . 
  the balance has already tipped . 
  it 's actually worse . 
  red in general means acute , hot , higher and blue means cold , or less . 
  you juat flipped a color coding scheme entrenched in the general psyche . . 
  you know the crust that forms on a fresh shit left out in the sun as it dries ? 
  americans took a stick to it . 
  nobody is expecting to set up shop in months . 
  they know . 
  all things are considered and saying that , some will still decide to move . 
  russia obviously , duh !, 
  nobody remains gay at -68 c !, 
  it 's wider than the collecting tray !, 
  the guy uses a pan to collect the pieces !, 
  you win turkey !, 
  and we all know how that detonates . . 
  france is france !, 
  but no , for real , people just got used to this shit . 
  they do n't spark the same emotion anymore , and that 's fucked up , but that 's just the way the world works . 
  if it 's any consolation , i feel the same way now as i did then . 
  we 're still suffering ourselves . 
  the poverty levels are still obscene down here . 
  that was one of the points put forward by the camp against refugees . 
  we do n't even have the resources to help out our poor children let alone others ( do n't even start me on the gypsies that live like a gew centuries ago ) . 
  testament to that were the waves of poverty migration to western europe for which we are still being hated to this day ( and on good grounds in a lot of cases ) . 
  people hate poverty , the filth , stupidity and primitivism that accompanies it above race , religion and culture . 
  from my behalv , sure , but they do n't exactly step on their toes to come to romania . 
  even our very low quota ( and i agree that it could have been higher ) is not filled . . 
  the ones in the country or abroad ? 
  what are you reffering to ? 
  thank you netherlands !, 
  you truly are a remarkable state !, 
  yeah , just implying that the eu did n't compromise for switzerland and it 's now less likely to do it for uk . 
  they blinked . 
  a bad sign for the uk . . 
  romania 's rural population representing . 
  subsidised and mechanised large agricultural exploatations have hit these folks hard . 
  the solution is probably more urbanisation but none of our leaders seem to realise . . 
  yeah , where are we going to get the food to turn to poop ? 
  they knew all along !, 
  romania has pushed 10 counties in the light blue in the last year . 
  at least we 're on the right path . . 
  this.this is all this is . 
  europe does n't like some of the borders . 
  what else can i say , we like pussy !, 
  the british press is for sale . 
  with enough money i myself could be the next hope for europe . 
  this is a paid propaganda article for psd , mr dragnea 's party . 
  it is n't even the first time the british press is used for internal propaganda wars . 
  the former president , basescu , used it a number of times . 
  thx for the info . 
  the chalet near the lakes looks awesome !, 
  well you deserve them . 
  i myself have been in albena this year and was very happy with the choice . 
  i plan on hitting more spots in the next years . 
  do you recommend anything in the mountains ? 
  i want to go in the summer . 
  what would be a nice place to visit ? 
  god job neighbros !, 
  hungary should be a bright orange imho . 
  this is not about freedom of speech but about hostile propaganda , hate speech , far right agenda peppered with foreign involvement . 
  freedom of speech is already dead along with the rise of the surveillance state . 
  when you know your 're being watched 24/7 you censor yourself . . 
  as a brit you should be mortified . 
  you brexited based on fake news . 
  there were , for example a ton of articles smearing the romanian community in the uk and while the majority of articles were easily debunked here in romania , in the uk they were taken as a given . 
  are you aware that this local autonomy would put the people living in the area in a more difficult economic situation than they are at the moment . 
  the region receives fiscal transfers from other areas in romania . 
  under a local tax autonomy ( which factions are asking for ) they 'd have less money to splitt around . 
  how is that sane ? 
  i can attest that at least in romania jack daniels is hugely popular and probably has the highest share of mind . 
  yep , it 's birderline fake news . . 
  thanks , oh . . and the president is german . . 
  romania 's pm is an independent technocrat and is the former eu commissioner for agriculture in the previous mandate . 
  he 's pulled off one of the , if not the biggest economic growth in the eu in the year he had this mandate ( called as a transitional solution during an internal crisis last year ) . 
  if he 's not supported for a new mandate as pm in romania and goes back to working for the eu i see a great future for him in brussels . 
  he is a very respected man , both inside and outside the country and a general decent down to earth individual . 
  while looking at romania for decent political leaders is laughable in the majority of times , like a broken clock , this time you nailed it , 
  i 'm struggling to put romania in a pot but does n't fit in any really . . 
  we 're actually fighting it though , not miminc it . . 
  satire dude . . 
  so pay more , or the same , have no voting rights and keep freedom of movement ? 
  if so this is the stupidest thing the english people have ever done . . 
  can the russians take it anymore ? 
  they have to hate and stop hating on a dime these days . 
  remember the turks .
