  this is not a negative comment . 
  so much is lost in nuance in writting . 
  especially in poor writting , 
  i do n't see it as negative . 
  it 's a nice thing to do . 
  i was just observing the fact that they take some predetermined actions in places they stay to make themselves liked by locals rather than this being something spontaneous . 
  which is a smart thing to do . 
  i fear that i may have expressed this the wrong way after the tsunami of downvotes . . 
  yep . 
  for romanians it probably means moldovans who are in most part of romanian ethnicity , or serbs with whom we have an unexplained love affair . . 
  average not minimal . . 
  probably the most educated , so the most effective . 
  hence the most dangerous . 
  good god these blokes are in for a wild ride . 
  and it ai n't to disneyland . 
  they pulled that shit in romania also accompanied by media ovations . 
  it 's a pr move . 
  slick boys these allies of ours . 
  it 's complicated . 
  the crazy bastards did it !, 
  and mobile internet with the help of a dongle as far as i know . . 
  jokes on them , they will get more than the quota . 
  what sane immigrant wants to end up in romania or bulgaria . 
  no benefits there . . 
  how much ireland stronk ? 
  yeah ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  i see it more like the german industry is whoring merkel and slaughtering ukraine for some more of those sweet petroleuros . 
  but hey , this is why europe is great !, 
  a diversity of opinions . . 
  and who the fuck is ? 
  imagine all french , german , polish , romanian etc movies translated in all eu languages available on demand . 
  all the music , all the books , all tv shows and much more . . 
  i 'm excited . . 
  data will cost an arm and a leg . . 
  because it 's the lesser evil and because it 's a more advanced form of societal organization , but nobody will babysit ukraine and it 's for the better . 
  the trade agreement and stability will give ukrainians the tools they need to do it themselves , but it will take a decade or two . . 
  if this guy wins the russians are fucked . 
  he looks more bad ass then putin . . 
  how does one stall a tank ? 
  i would look at numbers coming out of belarus with strong skepticism . . 
  democracy , wellfare , peace, 
  gypsies are europeans !, 
  well that will be a hard one to pull because as we speak some states in the eu are trying to embargo products from the occupied territories . . 
  we will probably never become a us style federation in our lifetimes but we 'll creep up ever closer to each other as time passes and we get more and more used to each other . 
  i 'd say in 3-4 decades we will also evolve an european identity . 
  the people who were born before the eu must die first . . 
  i guess if you ca n't make them admire you and respect you . . 
  i think the prime reason they 're doing it is to take advantage of recent introduced government incentives for electric chargers . 
  they could also be prepairing for the launch of their mass market model . 
  there is also an incentive of about 6k euro for those that buy electric cars . 
  and block the western internet . 
  it 's all propaganda anyway . . 
  less likely in the east . 
  riot police is excessively brutal . . 
  wow . 
  first actually piece of gray propaganda i 've seen . 
  indeed it is . . 
  i guess in russia you see death as liberation . . 
  sarcasm does n't help in the face of reality . 
  it took two years to have large percentages of the population believe that most europeans are fascists . 
  and also gay . 
  i guess russians can be brainwashed to believe anything . 
  maybe if china becomes top dog they 'll discover their asian roots . . 
  i guess the trial is over . . 
  the impact the roman empire had on human civilization is unmeasurable . 
  these dudes set standards for millennia . . 
  that 's fucked up !, 
  if russia does that in the immediate future the eu will crash their industries . 
  in the majority of cases they simply ca n't compete . . 
  that shot in the thumbnail is genius !, 
  look who 's talking . . 
  sounds like hungary . . 
  hungary what the fuck ? 
  the masterplan was revealed !, 
  i 'm guess they did n't include romania in the chart as it would have blown out the scale . . 
  wow . 
  we have extensive prescreening for down even in romania . 
  i am amazed by your comment . 
  why is that so ? 
  his act of corruption probably involve these parades in a smaller degree . 
  he made his money with other stuff . 
  municipality contracts , shady real estate affairs , commercial permits and so on . . 
  do you even sarcasm . 
  the pic is shoped . . 
  spend money to make money ... 
  well , if not for the blatant corruption i personally do n't have any problem with all this clownery . 
  if it attracts tourism why not . . 
  mamaia , the current en vogue sea resort on the coast of the black sea is part of constanta , the city where this guy was the mayor . 
  being a frequent traveler to brazil where he owns a house ( probably bought with corruption money ) he had the genius idea that the best way to promote mamaia is to organize carnivals similar to the one in rio . 
  most of the images show him at such carnivals which he hosted . 
  besides that he loved to dress in suits evoking che guevara at political rallies because , i kid you not , he seen himself as a revolutionary fighting the corrupt central administration . . 
  the new vatniks, 
  wait !, 
  where are the commie blocks ? 
  either you die a hero or live long enough to become the villain !, 
  albert einstein, 
  yes , but the influence of the eu precedes the date of ascension . 
  i do n't think we were better off then ukraine and in the republic of moldova life was easier before ceausescu fell . 
  i know first hand . .
