  translation : the eu recommends blah blah . 
  nobody will do shit . 
  but do n't mind me boys , the circlejerk can continue on an `` what if '' hypothesis . 
  that 's why i asked in what light do you see it as a failure . 
  what were the expectations . 
  as with anything eu related shades of grey abound , that 's why we need to keep talking and understand each others point of views and perspectives . 
  it is no ones national interest for the eu to fail . 
  do you wonder whwre does the adidas tracksuit wearing eastern european that read that with a thick accent in your head comes from ? 
  we have a dictator on our doorstep for decades . 
  remember luka ? 
  what happened to the recent protests there ? 
  that 's right . 
  we also have autocracies in the house . 
  hungary and poland are slipping fast into the past . 
  but they are the obstructionists now that the ~ ~ king ~ ~ queen has left . . 
  at least give him an international second name . 
  vlad is fine for example . 
  studies have shown that people with easy to pronounce names across different languages benefit from more opportunities in the interconected globalised economy . . 
  the girl names list is almost identical to what 's popular in romania . 
  i notice a trend of easy to pronounce , internationist names . 
  romania has a similar story of alignment trying to retake or keep clay . 
  define failure, 
  this guy was a titan . 
  here 's the story of him fighting to get on board a soyuz capsule which he knew would kill him so he could save his friend who was also trying to save him . 
  fascinating read : http://www.npr.org/sections/krulwich/2011/05/02/134597833/cosmonaut-crashed-into-earth-crying-in-rage, 
  fuck , every propaganda poster shows him at 2m straight . 
  til, 
  living in romania , i got the chance to talk to russians and people who travel to russia from time to time . 
  the number of tragedies is exponential higher than what we see in the western media . 
  russia is a racket all the way down . 
  i think they got it all wrong . 
  the free visa regime is not wanted by both parts . 
  almost nobody gives a fuck about travelling to russia . 
  introducing a restrictive visa regime for the eu countries will not achieve anything but alienate russia even more from the civilized world . 
  everybody knows the price for free visa in the eu for russia . 
  dirt cheap gas . 
  will russia spend the dime ? 
  there there , all of this butthurt will end when you brits get the seat of van rompuy or barosso . 
  yeah , nobody forgot , and nobody is merry that instead of blair , we got barosso . 
  i know.it seems that way in romania too but we have to look at things on a long enough timeline . 
  last time when europe was in a similar situation we had radicals gaining power all over the place culminating with ww3 . 
  the fact that radicals are under 10 percent in the polls in all eu countries is in itself an outstanding achievement of our societes . 
  i think europeans in general , from the north to the south , the east to the west are blatantly racist and xenophobic cunts . 
  the only difference between them is what exact ethnicity they hate more . 
  i think the men that thought up and made the eu happen will be remembered millenia in the future and the fact that there are n't statues of them everyfuckingwhere by now shows how really ignorant and stupid the general population really is . 
  as an eastern european , the russians unease me . 
  i think they are fucking crazy and savage in the way eastern europeans would be put to shame . 
  i also have moderate to high conviction that it 's possible too see another genocide on european soil during my lifetime ( next 50 years ) i believe islam will be the source of many conflicts in the eu as it spreads it 's influence in the west . 
  i believe turkey should not join the eu before every territory in europe mainland that wants in is let in . 
  i respect the germans , i think they are the most indicted to be the first voice of the eu , but i am afraid by their fascination for russia . 
  i think, 
  you just perfectly described the east . 
  but i think the situation is improving . 
  i think the eu is a fucking miracle and in 10 to 20 years looking back , the majority of people will understand why now we are dancing with each others knives to each others throats . 
  as a romanian i confirm this . 
  and it 's not only a shared point of view between people.it is taught in schools . 
  regarding the resemblance to muslim culture , i think romanians are in denial . 
  aprox 600 years of ocupation/domination/influence changes you . 
  but the east is slowly but surely moving to western values , make no mistake . 
  the reasons are completely others than those invoked . 
  it is holland who took the stage as others like germany , france , italy or spain have bigger investments in romania that could be affected . 
  i believe the key to the schengen rests with the germans and not the dutch . 
  it would only take a hand sign from merkel and the gates would open . 
  the only question that remains is who will enjoy it ? 
  the pretense that everybody will win is ridiculous . 
  somebody always looses . 
  all percents are wrong as the numbers on the electoral lists are wrong . 
  they represent a number of electors from a time when romania had roughly 22 mil people living inside the borders . 
  now there are roughly 18 , and the lists contain roughly 18 mil electors , under the last census ( which took place this year ) . 
  this is madness !, 
  do the maths again taking account of the real numbers of electors and understand that what they are doing is denying the options of the majority . 
  @basescu worshipers : how 's that for democracy you fucking hypocrites !, 
  that line that splits romania was the subject of so much sacrifice and bloodshed from the romanian people that even joking or making geographical exercises about it leaves a bad taste . 
  i find this split can be made to stand up even following actual borders . 
  no need to draw lines where they do n't need to be . 
  i 'll tell you one thing poles . 
  lots of people from eastern europe look up to poland . 
  it is an example to be followed . 
  i know there are some shitty things happening in your country , but believe me , it 's nothing when compared to the rest of eastern and southern europe . 
  welcome to reality . 
  you 're living in a police state . 
  far wiser man than the authors of this article , or us commenting , have tried for centuries to splitt europe so that it makes sense . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's like trying to splitt a glass of water with 50 shades of ink in individual quantities of different colors . 
  the only way it makes sense ... is united . 
  i 've said it once before . 
  fuck the economist !, 
  it has been vomiting uninformed , biased and sensationalistic bullshit about romania for a while now . 
  they do guest posts and do n't have the slightest interest about checking the facts . 
  fuck them !, 
  i see now . 
  i 'm sorry to have offended you . 
  but my mastery of the english language , or lack thereof , is not really the point . 
  is it ? 
  i take faith in the fact that fate will bless you with more common sense in the future . 
  that would be really sad . 
  would n't it ? 
  `` the punching of a child was never proven ... '' sir , i suspect you to be an idiot . 
  i have lost my fate in the economist long time ago.idk why i read this . 
  this is some propagandistic bullshit .
