hehe . 
  keep at it , it 'll succeed eventually . 
  you 're off to a good start with your economic conquest . 
  we 're already keeling over , you wo n't even need to bring out those besenstiels . 
  estonian and finnish vocabulary are so close to one another that it 's usually possible to understand the written text . 
  some meanings have shifted a bit so some differences are amusing . 
  like estonian word for mother-in-law means bitch in finnish . 
  estonian reads like slightly corrupted finnish . 
  i 'm positive the opposite is true , as well . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  but some experts are less certain of it than you . 
  i do n't have enough expertise to forecast how grexit would play out . 
  that 's really the downside of democracy everywhere . 
  the questions are so difficult that it feels counter productive to even ask the people . 
  you ca n't ` eyeball ' them or go with the gut . 
  that 's not to say all politicians should weight in on them either . 
  like churchill said `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others '', 
  has the public opinion in greece shifted towards grexit ? 
  couple of weeks ago ( during the referendum ) large majority ( 75 % ? ), 
  of the greeks wanted to stay in euro . 
  grexit might be best for the greek but it 's an unknown . 
  it 's not easy to take risks that affect your future that much . 
  i ca n't blame you . 
  but it 'll be largely the same thing that 'll topple finland that lead to greece 's crisis . 
  and other countries if the system is n't changed/disbanded . 
  so , it 'll be tougher for us to seek for understanding ( and we will , if the current trend holds ) after we 've played the hardliner here . 
  besides , the most immediate issue is whether we 'll maximize the returns by forcing greek out of ez or not . 
  it 's granted that those ... what $ 6 billion ( our slice of the earlier pie ) are gone for good if greek is forced out . 
  i believe poker players refer to this as pot odds . 
  in any case , the whole situation is complicated and not easily distilled to political one-liners . 
  while i agree that irresponsible austerity does more damage than good , the system is unhealthy beyond that . 
  monetary union without fiscal union ca n't work . 
  if greece had been in drachma , it would 've devaluated when greeks were loaning lot of foreign currency and importing more than exporting ( as in , negative trade balance ) . 
  that devaluation would 've : a ) helped their export industry because the items would 've been cheaper . 
  b ) would 've increased the competitiveness of greek companies against foreign ones in their internal market . 
  c ) would 've helped tourism because the prices would 've been friendlier for the tourists . 
  eventually , this would 've lead to revaluation and cycle would continue . 
  inside ez , this correctional mechanism does n't happen if only some of the countries struggle at the same time . 
  to contrast this , fiscal union allows stronger areas support weaker areas with subsidies . 
  for example , some us states run on constant deficit and economically stronger ones subsidise them to keep the federation stable . 
  only thing ez can offer are loans . 
  loans need to be paid back and thus are a further burden the economy has to deal with . 
  note that eu does subsidise a lot of things , building infrastructure ( like the baltic railroad-to-be ) or agriculture around the union . 
  but this does n't go far enough to run a monetary union that could weather a economic downturn . 
  as to why austerity , because it 's easier to treat the symptoms than the root cause . 
  current political climate is against further integration . 
  fiscal union would , in essence , mean federalization . 
  tl ; dr. current greek crisis is a symptom , not the root cause . 
  this will repeat in other countries after greece unless something is done . 
  i 'm one of those people who think that greece 's troubles are result of ez 's systematic problem ( tho to be fair , local mismanagement did n't help the issue any ) and more countries will become insolvent unless ez 's structure is altered or it 's disbanded altogether . 
  on pragmatic side of things , if greece defaults , those loans will be more or less gone anyway . 
  also , it 'll cost us a lot of good will in the eyes of fellow europeans and seeing as finland is on the verge of economic collapse , too , we may miss that good will soon enough . 
  lastly , helping greece on it 's feet is just the right thing to do . 
  they are europeans and pretty much our neighbors . 
  we 've also bound our fortunes together via monetary and political unions . 
  so no . 
  i do n't think finland will grow fat on those loans . 
  supporting the greece 's economy may end up helping us later down the road . 
  european economy is a flurry of acronyms . 
  it takes considerable interest in the matter to keep up , doubly so if they have little direct impact on your nation . 
  because it 's a stability mechanism of the eurozone , not eu . 
  uk does n't belong to eurozone . 
  i 'm sure you 've noticed that pound sterling is still the official currency there :p all in all , ez and thus esm is made up of 19 states of eu 's 28 states . 
  sorry for the snark , no offence intended . 
  ok , i understand that this is your troll account and i should n't feed trolls . 
  still , ask yourself if spreading hate serves any purpose . 
  if anything , we should try to understand opposing viewpoints better because europe as a whole is in trouble . 
  and it 'll get worse before it gets better methinks . 
  finns do not hate you . 
  finns are concerned of imminent collapse of our own economy and the populist `` true finns '' cashed in on that fear . 
  many feel that greek goverment has mismanaged a lot in recent years and are a the primary culprit of this crisis . 
  truth is , of course , much more complicated but you can only ask so much of regular citizens , no matter the nationality . 
  if you 're reading twitter quips and media headlines , remember that you 'll only get pointed the nasty ones . 
  they are not representative of the nation . 
  true finns ' withdrawal , bye bye for now . 
  thanks for playing . 
  true , finland is in a bad shape . 
  really , one depression away from free fall . 
  in that context , unwillingness to give additional support is somewhat more understandable as it 's self preservation . 
  but i think how media portrays the crisis has a major effect on how people think . 
  populist politicians share the shame . 
  take a very complicated situation and dilute it to catchy headlines and rhetoric and it 's no wonder that masses feel that it 's self inflicted . 
  thought of poor tax enforcement ( as many know , finland has very high taxation ) does n't go over well here , tho . 
  i 'd love to see tunnel between tallinn and helsinki , especially because it 'd make visiting baltics so much more convenient , i 'm not holding my breath due to costs involved . 
  we 're not really the epicenter of europe after all . 
  at any rate , this news is great indeed and will likely bring quite a few jobs to baltics and poland . 
  which is always fantastic . 
   i 'm aware of the difference . 
  re-read the comment and i see that now . 
  apologies . 
   however , oxml is an open format i know . 
  but it seems to be designed to be as difficult to implement as possible . 
  i mean specs are ... what 7000 pages long . 
  not saying that odf is light reading either but there 's about a order of magnitude difference . 
  so , ooxml is technically open format but it 's not designed for interoperability ( so the risk of lock-in is higher ) but as an extension of older ms formats . 
  which i would n't take an issue with if ms did n't succeed in iso/iec ratification push . 
  this is to say that i find it objectionable on ideological grounds as well as technical which was the original point . 
  we agree on the shitty . 
  open source is n't the same as open format . 
  open format prevents vendor lock-in and support interoperability .
