  it 's definitely hard , rooting corruption even harder . 
  still , i think that using tax evasion as incentive sends the wrong message and as i said , punishes law abiding citizens who are also hit by austerity . 
  even passively rewarding law breaking will bite you in the ass later . 
  and like i argued earlier , collecting more tax would ease austerity measures limiting the recessiviness . 
  i do n't mean to sound trite but goverments have to make difficult decisions during difficult times . 
  that 's just the way it goes . 
  maybe people remember that you stood tall when going got tough , maybe they do n't . 
  and that 11 % is crazy . 
  too bad taxing illegal activities is so problematic . 
  still , it 's amazing that the mob has managed to get so entrenched that they can pull those kinds of numbers . 
  i 've shaken my head in disbelief more than once when berlusconi turns up again like a bad penny and gets landslide votes . 
  huge number of italians love that old lecher . 
  sometime after his death it 'll revealed that he had strong mob connections and everybody feigns surprise . 
  it would 've been easier if syriza had played their hand with more class . 
  now it creditors would have to swallow their pride to give in . 
  not an easy thing best of times , let alone now that it 's politically sensitive in other ez countries . 
  what 's done is done . 
  i see what you 're saying but i think that 'd be a horrible way to go about fiscal incentives . 
  penalize honest and reward dishonest citizens . 
  would n't it make more sense to organize big tax rebate if you want to incentivise via taxation ? 
  get more people to pay taxes ( since most of it would be rebated ) and you 'd also get a better idea of the size of shadow economy . 
  if reported taxes drop after rebates , irs equivalent would have an idea where to look . 
  another point is that there would n't be a need for austerity if they collected all taxes owed if estimates are anywere close to accurate . 
  i meant write-offs in case of grexit . 
  greece would pay the debt in overvalued drachma before it devalues and so it 'd be a write-off in everything but name . 
  but that would n't be a major disaster . 
  if greece stays in euro , i agree that major write-off is n't realistic due to electorate wo n't have it . 
  it would also set a bad precedent to other ez countries struggling with debt . 
  as long as your broomsticks and panzers shoot gold bullions like they did in greece , we 'll meet them head on !, 
  to the fields of glory and riches !, 
  that 's just tragic . 
  then again , i think it mostly represents how syriza sold the vote to the gray masses . 
  i mean , majority of citizens of any country ca n't form informed opinion about economy to save their lives . 
  it 's not intuitive and it 's very difficult to interpret the raw data so we rely on commenters who all have their own agenda . 
  but on the other hand , this ( idiotic ) comment explains why they were celebrating / facepalm, 
  just so you know , iglesias ' ( and podemos ' ) rhetoric is plain as day for other ez members . 
  write-offs to greece and then to spain and portugal . 
  and everyone else . 
  evil greedy bankers and germans are trying to extort money from the innocent . 
  while you can justify debt haircuts and restructuring , i find antagonizing ( and blatantly lying ) for political gain distasteful . 
  populism used like that is n't any better than nationalism . 
  if you have something to say , try to say it without strawmen and half-truths . 
  it was n't germany ( or troika ) who has ignored tax evasion , corruption and budget deficit in greece . 
  it was greek goverment . 
  and while debt repayments need to be structured so that they are not ruinous , the rule of thumb is that you repay what you loan . 
  just like we do as citizens . 
  well okay then !, 
  keep the blinders on and watch out for germans . 
  i hear they lurk on bushes waiting to ambush you with money . 
  spewing hate like syriza ( and now you ) did does n't help anyone nor make their points . 
  and ww references are tasteless . 
  you 've really swallowed syriza 's rhetoric whole , huh ? 
  i do n't think that makes any sense . 
  what ego trip ? 
  loaning money when asked ? 
  not watching that soverign nation uses it responsibly ? 
  syriza 's demonization of germany was stupid and accusations baseless . 
  it was aimed for greek people to deflect the blame outside of the country and gather support for the party . 
  in other words , populism . 
  it did n't buy them much good will from other eu countries , tho i doubt that actually matters much in the end . 
  everyone has seen populists before . 
  douchebag thing to do at any rate . 
  boo for you for making me laugh at this miserable series of events . 
  loans were n't predatory at all . 
  they were way below market price . 
  problem was that they did n't solve the underlying issues ( tax evasion , poor goverment spending ) . 
  so they ended up adding to the total debt without gaining greece much . 
  but i do n't see how that is n't then current greek goverment 's fault instead of lender 's . 
  i too hope for luck and good foresight for greeks . 
  they are making difficult decisions with seemingly only bad options . 
  no matter what they choose , tho , this will blow over and their economy turns for the better . 
  greece is not the first country that has defaulted ( if it comes to that ) . 
  heck argentina defaulted 2002 and had their gdp slashed in half . 
  gdp recovered by 2005 and now it 's twice what it was before default . 
  so it 'll be fine . 
   however , i do n't see how the austerity measures will help greece since they do not adrees these problems to their core , but only superficially i do understand the gripe but tax enforcement is greece 's responsibility . 
  since goverment is being defrauded , you 'd think that they would want to do something about it , especially since evasion is so rampart . 
  if estimates on the scale of uncollected tax is accurate , greece could solve the whole crisis by collecting what 's due . 
  goverment corruption is much trickier to root out and that may take outside help . 
  it 's also more poisonous to greece in the long term . 
  personally , i 'm not sure whether staying in ez or exiting it is in greece 's best interest . 
  grexit would bring many advantages ( getting rid of debt , export industry benefits from cheap drachma ) but it 'd be painful short-mid term . 
  then again , so will staying in euro . 
  i doubt creditors will drop austerity demands , at least not fully . 
  so rock and the hard place . 
  i doubt that very much . 
  greece exits and starts printing drachma . 
  they use it to fund the banks and also to pay off the debt . 
  it 'll cause massive inflation in the short term but the economy will recover in few years . 
  luxury imports will be too expensive for most for a time but life will continue . 
  in the meanwhile , ez will mostly write off the greece 's debt . 
  this will likely devalue euro for few months but nothing drastic , debt is n't big enough to really shake the ez . 
  after that , ez is in better shape fiscally and euro will rise up stronger . 
  so no doom and gloom to anyone , at least in mid term . 
  also , eu has n't failed anything . 
  ez 's failure was to take greece in with their cooked books . 
  lesson to be learned here is that monetary union without fiscal union is risky if someone is acting in bad faith . 
  what friends are those i wonder ? 
  chinese businesses who are measuring greek property to buy at firesale price ? 
  or maybe russia ?
