  i do n't know if it 's possible to pay the ecb before first paying the imf . 
  not going to argue . 
  i 'm out of my depth . 
   [ 3rd and 4th bailout ] good luck getting that accepted by the national parliaments yes , difficult to see that happening . 
  regarding to short term bridge financing : stubb , finnish minister of finance [ said after returning from the eurogroup meeting tonight ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fyle.fi%2fuutiset%2fstubb_kreikan_asenteen_on_muututtava_tai_aika_loppuu%2f8136702&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) that bridge funding is n't on the radar but they are aiming for long term sollution instead . 
  we 'll see when the proposal is presented . 
  i really hope negotiators can shake on something before 20th . 
  greeks are in limbo at the moment . 
  not good for anyone , that . 
  ouch !, 
  again , fair point . 
  ecb payment likely takes precedence . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how china deals with the ugly end of the stick that 's free market . 
  investments in post-grexit greece mayhaps ? 
   god damn , there are so many stupid morons on reddit . 
   what an idiot i think we 're done here . 
  thanks for the interest . 
  what a clusterfuck . 
  if nothing else , it 'll be interesting to see their proposal tomorrow . 
  i 'm sure you 're right about the imf arrears . 
  i assume greece 'll clear them as soon as they have the liquidity . 
  i doubt they 'll default partially . 
  i withdraw my youthful ( not really ) optimism if the proposal has to go thru parlaments . 
  i was under the impression that ministers were empowered to negotiate and accept it . 
  there 's little hope that any proposal passes all the parlaments unless it 's extremely unpleasant for greeks ( yay populism everywhere ) so we 'll see how deep this rabbit hole goes . 
  as for imf , they are a major creditor . 
  is n't that a reason enough to give them a voice when debt restructuring and haircuts will be on the table ? 
  then i withdraw my optimism . 
  i was under the impression that executive branch would handle it . 
  there 's little hope of getting any proposals thru all the parlaments . 
   that 's called defaulting . 
  if you have a mortgage , do you think your bank will consider your mortgage paid if you `` paid '' it with monopoly money ? 
  now i do n't claim intimate knowledge of the fineries but as far as i 've understood , countries can not go bankrupt the way citizens and companies can . 
  defaulting for a country means they are unable to honor their commitments at the moment but debt is n't going anywhere . 
  as for whether banks would accept drachma , as far as i 've understood , they would accept it when it 's greece 's official currency . 
   without the euro , greece has a long way to drop before they reach their equilibrium . 
  if historical gdp progression is a valid marker , current gdp is pretty much in line with pre-euro progression if you disregard the bubble caused by ez and cheap loans . 
  only good thing euro really did for greece was cheap loans and cheap imports ( and convenience ofc ) . 
  their trade balance is massively deficit and inability to devalue the currency hurts them . 
  local business ' have no chance to compete against cheap imports and they ca n't cash in cheap exports . 
  it 's difficult to say how long it 'll take for them to bounce back but some countries have managed to do it very fast indeed . 
   if greece can leave and default and use monopoly money , then what stops others from doing the exact same thing ? 
  it 's true . 
  heavily indebted countries may do the same . 
  portugal , spain especially . 
  maybe italy but they might stick with the ez . 
  but i do n't share your fatalism . 
  it 'll create ephemeral trust deficit and lower euro value . 
  that helps export business and they really do need a leg up . 
  and then , after a time , value will rise again . 
  a lot worse has happened in the past without fatal ramifications . 
  like nixon shock . 
   so the eu and the ez is risky ? 
  can you open up your critique on eu ? 
  ez covers only a portion of eu countries and i do n't see how it 's relevant here . 
  eu does n't share the ez risk . 
  but ez is risky . 
  i think ez has to move towards fiscal union in mid term and thus towards federalization or break up . 
  or it 'll shake with every economic downturn because economically weaker countries ca n't compensate trade imbalance with currency manipulation . 
  this will be a recurring theme for ez until it 's fixed or dissolved . 
  sorry if i came across argumentative . 
  i agree with you . 
  i do n't think current system is sustainable in the long run . 
  i do n't claim infallible knowledge of the situation either but i do have opinions and those are always good , right ? 
  it 's fine during upturns but every economic downturn will crash or strain the economy of some of the smaller or weaker ez countries unless something is done . 
  normally , devaluation of currency is what keeps smaller countries afloat during downturns and that 's unavailable in ez . 
  i think that major powers would root for federalization if it was n't politically incorrect at the moment . 
  and it 'd be silly to assume that this issue has n't dawned on the ` ruling class ' of every eu country or at least their advisors . 
  but selling this to the plebs would be difficult , no doubt . 
  for my .02 cents , i 'd go for fiscal union and european federation . 
  dissolution of ez would feel like a giant step backwards and those are the two options we have . 
  whatever we do , we ca n't let this continue . 
  and we need to close the deal with greece , even if it costs everyone some pride . 
  this is dragging europe down and i do n't mean financially . 
  it 's expired but not * really * expired . 
  as in , it 'll be signed if parties reach an understanding . 
  ecb has strong financial interest in stability and greece 's instability reflect on the whole ez and grexit is a risk . 
  imf will be back on the table because they want their money back and greece 's exit would mean a write-down . 
  do n't know about ec tho . 
  and unless the proposal is close to the earlier offer ( with more lenient austerity measures , no doubt ) , it 'll be a tough sell for the ministers . 
  politics . 
   this story will get repeated if we do n't do something monetary union without fiscal union is risky but this we knew already . 
  europe neither ready nor willing to move towards federalization ; so what do you suggest ? 
  stamp euro as failed and move on ? 
  or push federalization ? 
  after all , with fiscal union , eu would be de facto federation since only thing lacking is unified defence and nato already covers most of the countries and the rest would join under pressure . 
    instead , it will be submitted to greece 's three bailout monitors -- the european commission , european central bank and international monetary fund -- for evaluation before another eurogroup is called . 
   maybe that quote above is the true answer - they did n't want the eurogroup to be the first to evaluate and react to the proposal . 
  i 'd wager that you 're right . 
  ministers are more liable to react according to internal politics while bailout monitors may weight the situation more pragmatically . 
  imf and ecb at least are likely more lenient than the ministers if it increases the chance of debt repayment . 
  it 'll be easier sell for the politicians if monitors approve the plan . 
  god that was depressing . 
  read the [ salvo lima ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salvatore_lima ) article too . 
  i did n't know italian politics and mob was that intertwined . 
  berlusconi 's charisma must be thru the roof if people still voted for him . 
  and maybe will vote again in few years after his public office ban runs out . 
  real stand up guy , why should n't he be prime minister . 
  i think this conversation has run it 's course . 
  good luck with your crusade .
