  is that a technical or ideological reason ? 
  anyway , ooxml is worse than odf in all counts that matter . 
  should n't even be a contest if it was n't ms pushing for their own baby . 
  iirc , cirrus was one service some banks included . 
  you could use it to withdraw cash while abroad . 
  i could be talking out of my ass tho . 
  anyway , atm cards were issued by every bank under their own labeling , some with service like cirrus or visa 's ( unlabeled iirc ) equivalent . 
  atm cards were the first to get chipped here and they had a short , unsuccessful run of using the chip as wallet . 
  you could transfer money to it on atm and then the chip to pay . 
  it was stupid and did n't work in most stores . 
  i assume some venn diagrams got added to whole lotta others . 
  or something . 
  does n't really help , to be frank . 
  debit cards limited to atm only so you ca n't use them for payments . 
  used to be a thing in finland ( young people could get them earlier than debit cards ) , but they got phased out in late 90s/early 00s . 
  seems this has been done on many places . 
  how have i never heard of it ? 
  it 's ingenious . 
  socially acceptable reason to ask for receipt and with added bonus of making it immediately worthwhile for the customer . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  hear hear . 
  how can samsung do so much damage with bundled crapware ? 
  must be an artform in itself . 
  well , luckily rooting and custom rom helps there . 
  with nokia 's failure , are you referring to symbian or winpo ? 
  symbian was a massive clusterfuck and it was mismanaged to death . 
  winpo was n't nokia 's fault but microsoft 's methinks . 
  i was thinking the same at the time . 
  but that would 've been more risky so it 's difficult to say . 
  and android-sphere has lot of competition tho i 'm sure everyone would agree that it could use quality products ( i 'm looking at you , samsung ) . 
  still , nokia 's mismanagement before their fall from grace was in such epic proportions that maybe it was better to cut losses and run . 
  would 've liked a good android device on n9/lumia 9xx hardware tho . 
  really loved the design and feeling of quality . 
  all true : / finland did n't really have time to recover between the two recessions and has been struggling since 2009 , our gdp per capita is still noticably lower than 2008 figures . 
  still reasonably wealthy but economy is stagnated and no easy sollution in sight . 
  also , we 've run deficit a long time and gdp to debt ratio has been tanking and while it 's not yet catastrophic , it will be eventually . 
  our new goverment is trying to cut public expenses with heavy hand but we 'll see . 
  the program seemed like a pipe dream but maybe they 'll pull off enough to cut the deficit . 
  this news wo n't be greeted with joy in ministry of finance . 
  or anywhere else . 
  i honestly doubt that religion enters the equation here . 
  but you have to take into account that srebrenica genocide was 20 years ago and armenian genocide 100 years ago . 
  it 's a lot harder for anyone to accept wrongdoings that happened inside a generation . 
  coping mechanisms kick in and all that . 
  so unless you want to alienate the guilty party , you need tact . 
  and many think that having amicable relationship with serbs is better in the long run . 
  that does n't imply that you should sugarcoat or bury the issue . 
  just to try a find a way how to handle it without forcing serbs so far beyond their tolerance that they 'll decline to co-operate . 
  that 's my take on it anyway . 
  very good points . 
  it 's not like serbia is joining eu or nato ( lol ) but having amicable relations will pay dividends . 
  more recent the incident , more deftly it has to be handled because how fresh those wounds still are on all sides . 
   it 's also hugely counterproductive for serbia and serbs in general to try to run away from their past , to revise , to sugarcoat it while you are absolutely correct , last war was so recently and wounds are still quite raw so it 's understandable to a point . 
  i 'm not an expert but i feel it 's most important to find a stable way forward first , make a peace with the past second . 
  that 's not to say that sugar coat it , just that issues with potential of antagonizing one party should be handled lightly so that everyone can save face even as historical facts are accepted . 
  true . 
  kosovo war was . . what 16 years ago ? 
  i 'm sure they have fond memories of bombings . 
  not enough water under the bridge just yet . 
   it really bugs me when northern europeans talk that smack i agree as n. european . 
  it 's unfortunate just like stereotypes in general . 
  i do n't think it represents real attitudes , it 's more of a coping mechanism of their ( or our , if you prefer ) own shitty litte lives . 
  for example , our goverment here is trying to cut spending with heavy hand and thus the need to increase the liabilities to support other countries at the same time is difficult to stomach for mathematically challenged voters and populist parties . 
  good thing is that tone in media seems to be changing from blaming the debtors to trying to explain different sollutions . 
  also , i 'm seeing more human interest stuff related to the crisis at hand which is good , seeing actual people in relative distress does soften attitudes . 
  just to be clear , smack talk is not ok . 
  i 'm just saying that ( at least part of it ) is more venting of their own fear and uncertainty of future than anger , let alone hate . 
  btw . 
  laziness is n't a stereotype applied to southern europeans around here ( that i 've seen anyway ) . 
  inefficiency is tho . 
  i guess that 's slightly less insulting as it 's a problem in a system instead of character flaw . 
  still a stereotype . 
  it 's better for executive branch to get a mandate and then negotiate and shake on the agreement than for national parlaments to dissect the agreement before it 'd be signed . 
  there are so many conflicting interests and populists in this fledglin union that parlaments are clearly a no-go if we want something signed . 
  unless you meant that it 'll get disseminated by parlaments anyway before it 's accepted . 
  if so , i 'm fresh out of hope . 
   releasing those funds to greece could be a quick process without the need of going through the national parliaments - needs an unanimous decision by the eurogroup though . 
  ah , this was my original understanding as well . 
  [ / u/lupinechemist ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cf97x/greek_government_brought_no_new_proposals_to/csv1u17 ) and [ / u/djeee ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cf97x/greek_government_brought_no_new_proposals_to/csv4rca ) disagreed and pooped on my party . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  i 'm way out of my depth , just parroting something half understood . 
  but in any case , eurogroup vs national parlaments makes a massive difference . 
  i have some trust that good ( according to previous creditor criteria ) proposal will pass the eurogroup but i 'm not sure if anything will pass all national parlaments . 
  that 's why we have executive branch , right ? 
  get a job done . 
   scapegoat you can argue that this would 've happened sooner or later to some country because of the way ez is set up currently . 
  it 'll need to change if we 're going forward with it . 
  that 's not to say that mistakes have n't been made in greece during last 20 years but i 'm sure we 've all flogged that horse dead already . 
   pay notice on what is really happening that 's a valid point . 
  i feel like tone of ( many , not all ) media outlets changed a bit in the last week . 
  as if they realized that maybe ( just maybe ) greeks are n't doing this just to skate out of payments . 
  i sincerely hope the same . 
  even if it 'd take few years to bear fruit . 
  ez is on precipice at the moment . 
  it 'll either close ranks and adopt common fiscal policy and avoid crisis of this type in the future or dissolve . 
  i hope it 's the former . 
  i identify more and more as european and hope we can build it together . 
  even if ez dissolves , we 'll still be europeans and our paths intertwine . 
  maybe we 'll try again 30-40 years from now with more solid foundation . 
   imf has the seniority .
