  why do they even tell you they ` were known to the security services ' after the atrocities happen ? 
  hard and soft are terms the media has made up and are not recognised by the uk government . 
  this article appears nearly a year ago . 
  :( he has revealed himself as a tit , and lucky to still have his freedom . 
  you would hope one of his friends might have dissuaded him . 
   bbc , guardian ... good unbiased journalism ... he heh, 
  some are going back to the very places they say they fleeing from . 
  germans have been done . 
  these guys are running rings around the taxpayer , what a disaster . 
  i came here to suggest it might be atlantis rising up again , 
   second , what does the title have to do with the article ? 
  nothing , it 's the independent . 
  not just germany , it now seems daily attack / plots . 
  there were reports of car mowing people down in goteburg , raids in the uk against suspected islamist , just seems to go on and on . 
  i 'd prefer the tools the government already has , but does not use ( exclusion orders for one ) against terrorists or foreign soldiers come into play . 
  government has ability to use ` temporary exclusion order ' , has n't ever used afaik , that gets around that in a way . 
  it is worse , it is one funded by the taxpayer . 
  i wonder what will happen when jeremy corbyn wins the election . 
  dr who is now the biggest pile of wank in the universe . 
  they had this advert unveiling on the news , it was underneath another ad for chips on the side of the van - i ca n't understand that . 
  its clearly different and more shocking now that trump is in charge for some reason . 
  does anyone else think its frightening how it 's a ` row ' to even discuss this ? 
  many have no doubt seen war ` up close ' or fighting in a war , and will have ptsd or other mental conditions . 
  on twitter a journalist reports [ a refugee worried that hungarian police helicopter might have ` barrel bombs ' ] ( https://twitter.com/nabihbulos/status/639818192341336066 ) for instance . 
  i 've seen lots about dealing with housing , education and other immediate things - but not about long term conditions like these . 
  where else is this kind of organised thing happening in the eu ? 
  lol , why does it show the favicon ? 
  this sounds ominous, 
  why not just close it down ? 
  it is like having an enemy base sitting there . 
  even some commercials are dubbed in the uk . 
  makes whatever it is they are trying to sell look shitty and mickey mouse . 
  their use of the word ` police ' is surely impersonating the real police to an extent . 
  it might serve a better purpose to ` name and shame ' the traffickers , and a good campaign that explains the situation clearly to those travelling . 
  we had a discussion in the pub ( yeah ) and someone said that the families paying passage ( in whatever way , money / sex / land / goods ) are told that the travellers will be sending ` real ' money back within days , and that is n't the case in many places , nor can family immediately join them . 
  in some places it is though , and in those cases it needs to stop being an encouragement . 
  related video of coca-cola \u2122 being thrown down toilet to clean it is a nice touch . 
  where has the dude with his mansion and pirate ship gone ? 
  ukr does n't seem to have government it has salesmen with nothing left to sell . 
  people destroying what there is left out of sheer rage , all because of greed . 
  everyone is eager to pick over the bones knowing eu / imf will pay to replace it . 
  yes , in civilised places it is usually ` the norm ' to see the face of who you are dealing with or talking to . 
  we have incident where people wear the covering specifically to commit crime , or escape from lawful sanction . 
  for instance it is not allowed to wear motorcycle crash helmet in banks , petrol garage etc. 
  sorry , i meant all the onboard stuff . 
  the bb would be useful to see course corrections , cockpit recording and match this up with the atc data ? 
  1 in 800 apparently . 
  so it is ` official ' that russia destroyed the plane then . 
  what a load of shite . 
  let 's have the black box info released ( are they still in uk ? 
  ) , ukr atc and the details of this ` non disclosure agreement ' revealed . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  you did a great job !, 
  very nice collection of pictures to look through . 
  it has the worlds oldest parliament too iirc . 
  are you guys seeing these riots on your news in france ? 
  there is no mention of anything like this going on english tv news ( bbc ) . 
  why is his advice useful to anybody ? 
  it was depressing working in london , to walk down the street and say ` good mornog ' to folk and not get a response , like they were on scalextrix tracks moving down the pavements even with some neighbours at first . 
  lived in liverpool for a while too , much easier to become accepted and get a reply or even a nod and a smile in the morning , but on the way home all the shops plexi-glass up in the afternoon and cheapens everything somehow , making people auto-hostile . 
  pants = underwear ? 
  here it is the first one is to make sure it is alright , then the next is the one you came for , the third , if you insist . 
  is that relevant to uk though ? 
  there are many private properties sitting empty , not foreclosed . 
  regeneration would be a cheaper alternative maybe , but it does n't generate as many jobs , or as much new money and involves building new infrastructure . 
  initially i was surprise to see no huge jump in physical attacks on israel citizens who live in europe , but then if there was , it might escalate the whole islam in europe situation further to everyones disadvantage . 
  today we see the mayor of a london borough raising the palestinian flag ( also in bradford too apparently ) , people are posting on twitter about bangladeshis helping against israel in 1980 's conflict ^ [ here ] ( http://english.al-akhbar.com/node/20432 ) , europe will change thanks to these last 3-4 weeks of conflict . 
  is it really the widest read , or the widest circulated ? 
  there is a big difference if the latter , because whilst they get circulated they end up returned and pulped with no-one buying or reading them . 
  it is becoming apparent that ` hate speech ' is investigated only when people complain about it - which i suppose is really the only way it can be - but there are people who complain about it more loudly ( or even misreport ) , so it ca n't be easy to police and heavy hand is used . 
  here in the uk there is sensitive situation , even people posting what most would see as a gallows-humour type thing are getting arrested . 
  there seem to be no ` special ' agencies targeting race hate unless it is directed at bme population , which must make the whole thing lopsided anyway , and then we have delights like this :  * in the wake of the murder of soldier lee rigby , tell mama had inflated numbers and seriousness of ` islamophobic ' crimes , many of which were just posts on social media . 
  he was on question time this week and was very eloquent and thoughtful . 
  i had n't realized he was an extremist , had been in prison etc. 
  [ question time ( ukips ) ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b04830h9/question-time-26062014 ) . 
  [ more info ] ( https://twitter.com/t_mcconnell/status/481018614305550336 ) from twitter . 
  do n't some of the sailing migrants call the italians up when they get in to troubles , calling for them to go and be rescued ? 
   `` these tend to be very large , and a doner kebab is usually consumed on top of a day 's food as well as alcohol . 
  it 's additional food we just do n't need . '', 
  that sums up the situation every time i have had a doner kebab . 
  it looks more like a pizzeria bust from the gear in the plaggi bags . 
  great video !, 
  it is a pantomime anyway , better to save money so there is more to divvy up or just turn it into a concert that moves around in the summer each year . 
   if you just slow down your jogging to an essentially walking pace ( i.e. 
  i do not overtake people walking on the sidewalk ) , with small steps , i can go 2-3km without running out of breath . 
  with an occasional stop maybe . 
  so i will just do this and then raise the speed later . 
  i will check this out , i do a lot of walking about ( do n't drive ) and usually walk for 2-300 yards then sprint for a bit , walk and then sprint etc. 
  on the way back i sometimes run as not worried about getting sweaty . 
  there is a good bird garden / park nearby , check that out if you can too . 
  you do n't burn your hands reading the sun either . 
  there is a discussion [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/213wxl/how_are_the_flooded_area_of_the_uk_are_you_still/ ) with more info that might interest you . 
  everyone should unite to bring the standard of living up to high level all over the world , and also solve over population problem . 
  that or the world turns off the tv for 2 weeks , globally to rid it of its fixation with money and celebrity . 
   [ hind behind the smokescreen ] ( http://sploid.gizmodo.com/russian-attack-helicopters-entering-ukrainian-air-space-1533649929 ), 
   the military has also increasingly been giving old hardware like armored vehicles and machine guns to local police departments , so you see those around quite a bit , ah , that would explain it then . 
  i sometimes see tanks but they are on the back of trucks going somewhere ( these might be older models too ) . 
  mashed potatoes and swede/turnup is my guess . 
  my picture was n't a good example of what i described to be honest - that looks like all the vegetables and stuff is put on one end of the table , rather than all around the main attraction . 
  in some places in england that is maybe how it is arranged , but the diners still physically sit at the table .
