  thank you germany !, 
  no , no-one stays in estonia overnight . 
  getting a morning ferry and coming back in the evening is enough to make your purchases , have a few beers and a good meal . 
  yeah , i 'm sure that other countries and investors will be lining up to trade and lend to the uk if they walk away from paying their share of the bill for civil service pensions and investment projects that they 've already benefited from . 
  this is the real world in 2017 , not 1917 . 
  omg , i did n't know they were dutch !, 
  i 'll give you that one . 
  not strong but i like it . 
  you guys do n't have gems like tyrkisk peber or super salmiakki though !, 
  only if you change your salted liquorice to be the real good stuff instead of the non-strong stuff you eat in the netherlands . 
  source : common sense, 
  the uk government does n't listen to experts including lawyers . 
  so ca n't say i agree with your point . 
  the uk 's relationship ( or lack thereof ) with the commonwealth has nothing to do with the eu . 
  read up a bit ok uk history and you 'll know why they do n't have much interest in a relationship with the uk . 
  the people that lend the uk money by buying bonds - investors , financial markets , etc. 
  they 'd just stop extending credit . 
  that 's ridiculous because british and non-british eu staff have worked on behalf of the uk and now that their pensions are due , you want to walk away from the bill ? 
  it 's the uk 's fault that british civil servants are underrepresented in brussels ( because you need to have two eu languages to work in the civil service and most british do n't have that ) . 
  so instead of being able to hire more brits , the eu civil service has hired from elsewhere to work on behalf of the uk and other countries . 
  so no , you do n't just owe for the british that did work there , you owe your share in terms of the ppl that worked for you . 
  with the rebate , the uk has never paid its full rate . 
  so there 's no european on the planet that expects the uk to pay the full rate post-brexit . 
  wlad is in the top 3 ? 
  says more about how crappy international leaders are nowadays . 
  but putin must be glad to have trump , orban and may to make him look good . 
  they do nothing but take up space in the spanish healthcare system . 
  they are not economically active members of society . 
  hahah no insurer is gon na take on old people without requiring a huge premium . 
  and they 'll need some other valid basis for residing there like a job or family ties with locals . 
  everyone outside the us thought that was really dumb . 
  i meant scotland only . 
  presumably you 'd work out who benefited from what spending and allocate that spending to that country . 
  then work out what 's already paid . 
  the rest is debt and distributed accordingly . 
  contributions are based on size of gdp and population . 
  so it makes no sense to assume that 6 million people would pay the same amount as 65 million . 
  not sure why people make it sound like scottish independence is super far fetched and attach ridiculous numbers like 9 billion to it . 
  finland is about the same size as scotland and we do pretty well on our own . 
  all the nordics are pretty much the same size ( ex sweden ) and have a much higher quality of life and gdp per capita than the uk . 
  no reason why scotland could n't eventually be in a similar situation . 
  no , why would they ? 
  after decades of subsiding everyone else ? 
  whys wales jumping on the bandwagon ? 
  they voted to leave . 
  there 's no argument for independence there in the same way as there is for scotland and ni !, 
  edit : typo, 
  those official stats are really misleading . 
  whiskey and oil are 100 % produced in scotland yet the tax revenues are counted as being english cos they are shipped via english ports . 
  if those items alone we 're correctly recorded as scottish exports / products , scotland would easily be subsidizing ruk . 
  it would make the most sense though . 
  england and wales leave the uk and then scotland and ni inherit the uk 's eu membership . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  everyone wins . 
  i think having been to the country is a bare minimum requirement though , sorry . 
  most `` irish '' americans have n't been to ireland . . rodrik = born and raised in turkey . 
  super happy to see evidence that the contagion of populism is limited to ( some parts of ) the anglosphere . 
  thank you netherlands !, 
  that does n't make him not turkish . 
  he 's always had strong opinions about the eu and euro . 
  and that 's all this article is about - his opinions - regardless of the amount of prestige he has among americans . 
  i 've had enough of turkish opinions for one week . 
  ok thanks , i misread it !, 
  they have more money spent on them because they also contribute more to the exchequer . 
  you make it sound like the english are doing the scots a favour by scotland being in the uk , whereas it 's obvious that westminster would n't have disproportionately favourable terms for scotland 's membership in the uk if scotland did n't also bring a disproportionately large amount to the table , in terms of money , culture and everything else . 
  the arrangements suggest that scotland are doing england a favour by remaining in the uk . 
  but they can change their mind . 
  * they will get their referendum just not until brexit is sorted . 
  i 'd have them out tomorrow if i could but it 's just not practical . 
  * luckily that is for scotland to decide , not you or theresa may !, 
  there are no ftas in services , anywhere in the world . 
  the eu is unique in having a single market in services ( even if just partial ) and that is the only reason uk 's services sector , especially banking , was able to grow to the size it is now . 
  uk 's trade deficit would be far higher without it . 
  there 's no chance of any free trade in services in the way that brexiters claim is easy . 
  the problem is that the uk once had the might of being part of a trading bloc of 500mn consumers - now it only has a market of 65mn consumers to sell to trading partners . 
  that vastly reduces the uk 's bargaining power in any negotiation . 
  when you go sign a fta with china , who is going to cherry pick which areas of trade will be included ? 
  believe me , it wo n't be the british . 
  just ask switzerland . 
  they have a fta with china , but it 's partial , with their main export ( watches ) excluded !, 
  ireland is a much richer country than the uk in per capita terms . 
  so why would n't they be able to afford it while the uk can ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita besides , ireland probably would n't have to keep throwing money at ni to keep them in check / in the union . 
  since when is armenia european instead of western asian ? 
  i said no such thing . 
  pointless of you to claim otherwise since my original msg `` the uk government should 've thought of indyref2 complications ahead of announcing brexit referendum '' is viewable above . 
  that does n't mean they should n't have had it but that they should 've planned for the likely announcement of indyref2 . 
  that does n't remotely follow from what i said . 
  what i said is that the government knew indyref2 was a likely consequence and should 've prepared for that reality as part of brexit . 
  so scotland should just shut up and let the english and a political party they did n't vote for lead them in a direction they are opposed to ? 
  this is a country we 're talking about , not preschool kids . 
  true . 
  now the `` better together '' campaign wo n't be able to use 99 % of its arguments cos they turned out to be a lie ( eg greatest devolved powers , eu membership , economic stability , etc ) . 
  with may in charge , sounds like it 'll be the opposite ( repatriation of powers from holyrood to westminster , hard brexit , economic disaster ) . 
  the uk government should have thought of that before announcing the eu referendum , which everyone knew would almost certainly trigger indyref2 . 
  may ca n't hold scotland hostage just because of the incompetence of the tory government . 
  spain at least has the coolest accent when they speak english though . 
  so i 'd given spain another 10 percentage points just for that . 
  is it compulsory ? 
  true .
