  the bill involves things that the uk spent on their people or on their country . 
  now they 're trying to leave the restaurant without paying their share of the bill . 
  you just obviously know nothing about eu politics or what the uk 's unpaid bill entails - stay out of it . 
  i guess i believe you just cease to exist . 
  no reincarnation or afterlife . 
  rivalries ( which this thread is about ) are based on history , not what is happening this week or month . 
  you picking out a few days of performances is n't convincing . 
  does n't sound like you know much about nordic skiing . 
  you said that yourself , moron , not me !, 
  grow up . 
  i 'm done here . 
  that is a lie and you know it . 
  why else did the house of lords stop the uk government from threatening to take away the rights of eu citizens resident in the uk ? 
  you guys need to get your heads out of your arses and stop reading the daily mail . 
  and yes , the majority of uk migrants in spain are pensioners . 
  fact . 
  see medal table https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fis_nordic_world_ski_championships, 
  that 's a reddit specific thing , at least for us in finland . 
  what , so uk pensioners in spain are `` highly qualified and valuable members of society '' yet young and hard-working eu citizens in the uk deserve to be deported ? 
  the eu has never threatened to deport anyone - it 's only the uk that has threatened it . 
  stop making stuff up . 
  do n't think norway has the moral highground on that at this point , following lip balm-gate, 
  sweden vs norway in cross country skiing ?!, 
  haahahahahah in finland , the only competitor in skiing is norway . 
  i would imagine norwegians would feel similarly about finland !, 
  are you guys even in lahti !? 
  agree on the hockey and football points though ( not necessarily that you 're decent in both , but that there 's a rivalry  ), 
  i think the jibe at denmark in that video was there just because denmark had done a trump video and sweden had n't ( at least at the time ) . 
  so i think it was just slating the danes because of the danish video as opposed to anything else . 
  the eu does n't need to do anything . 
  this is all the uk 's doing . 
  it 's only the uk that turned around and said it did n't want eu citizens . 
  none of the other 27 countries have said anything of the sort . 
  so it 's just paranoia and delusion to demand that the eu needs to guarantee something that they 've never threatened to take away . 
  disagree on the nordics . 
  everyone likes everyone except sweden . 
  so it 's finland vs sweden , denmark vs sweden and norway vs sweden . 
  i guess , in terms of iceland , it 's iceland vs denmark ? 
  i think it 's only brexiters that want the eu to be over to justify their retarded actions ? 
  luckily they wo n't be voting in any of the european elections this year . 
  i 'm not religious in the slightest but am a church member . 
  was by default and continue as a church member for cultural reasons ( getting married in church , being a godparent ) . 
  so you 're right as far as i 'm concerned . 
  exactly the same in finland in terms of the number of church members : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_finland around 90 % in 1980-1990 ( much higher before that ) , now 73 % . 
  happy birthday little bro . 
  as your bday present , we could let you into the nordics . 
  but we in finland would have to conquer you first . 
  make finland great again !, 
  the proximity of the baltics to my home is only relevant in the sense that i visit the baltics a lot and know people from those countries . 
  your faulty logic is one of hasty generalization / jumping to conclusions . 
  boozing in tallinn old town a handful of times does n't make you an expert . 
  it 's only a handful of estonian redditors that are / claim to be more western than the other baltic countries . 
  for people that actually visit those countries , there 's is much less of a difference . 
  goes to show how deluded the uk is in their understanding of their place in the world . 
  they only had leverage as an eu member . 
  outside the eu , they are nothing but an old former empire , like turkey , with observational status in world politics at best . 
  like estate agents, 
  there are at least two grants to germany to the asylum , migration and integration fund mentioned here : '' temporary increase of accommodations for asylum seekers and related services and improvement of asylum procedures '' led by the federal office for migration and refugees of germany . 
  '' amif soforthilfe 2015 de / amif emergency assistance 2015 de '' led by the federal office for migration and refugees of germany . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asylum_migration_and_integration_fund i guess the fact that you 're getting reimbursed for this does n't sell papers . 
  hahah what a frustrating thread to follow . 
  the eu reimburses countries that were disproportionately affected . 
  so germany got some of its eu contributions back having spent so much on refugees . 
  in any case , germany can afford it . 
  and so can we in finland , no matter how much we moan about it . 
  finland is no 1 !, 
  make finland great again !, 
  it 's neither . 
  thats why i said `` most '' !, 
  he 's just an idiot trying to cling onto sweden 's glory days from hundreds of years ago . 
  he forgot that finland is independent and - based on most metrics - a more successful country than sweden is nowadays . 
  it 's in finland and we will call it what we want . 
  imperialist days of the past are over - get over it . 
  sweden has no claim to any part of finland , including suomenlinna . 
  the number of estonian tourists here is tiny , even if just because of the size of the population . 
  estonians come to finland for work not for going to suomenlinna . 
  i 'm sure work-related stuff is provided in estonian but not in spanish . 
  a country can have a defence policy and remain neutral . 
  they are not mutually exclusive ( see e.g. 
  policy of finland or sweden ), 
  that means no transitional deal since british do n't get to cherry pick what they want out of a transitional deal either . 
  britain , meet cliffedge . 
  but being on the boat is a major part of the fun . 
  where else can you drink beer and tango at 8am except on the ecker\u00f6 line ferry ? 
  do n't forget kilpikonna . 
  the dutch call a turtle a ` shield toad ' , we call it ` shield villain ' . 
  this is dumb . 
  what is the point of a booze cruise without the boat trip ? 
  a tunnel would just help the estonians that work in finland . 
  make estonia pay for it !, 
  i 've heard of the same thing in finland . 
  people that live on kela handouts voting for brexit and asking about citizenship . 
  they will never bother to learn finnish so wo n't be eligible for citizenship . 
  the height of hypocrisy - vote to leave the eu to keep immigrants out , then apply for german citizenship to keep to retain the possibility of becoming an immigrant in 27 countries . 
  have you ever been outside helsinki ?!? 
  it 's one of the best in the world and i 've traveled a lot !, 
  finally someone is using language even brexiters can understand . 
  your comment just proves why its necessary for her to keep stating the obvious . 
  it 's because the british remain delusional about keeping the benefits of membership . 
  not getting the benefits of membership is not a tactic or a punishment .
