i 'd be more concerned with my own country than finland if i was estonian . 
  you were comparing them as if they were comparable and they are n't . 
  it is much more complex than simply right vs left wing . 
  what you 've said amounts to saying a fish is n't an apple . 
  agree . 
  wtf ?!, 
  you ca n't compare any party in finland with the tories . 
  the spectrum of political parties in finland starts somewhere left of the lib dems . 
  you really need to do more reading up on finnish politics before presenting yourself here as some kind of expert . 
  there 's a faction that are `` conservative '' in values , but overall they are a liberal party imo . 
  if that were true , why would n't they have it in finnish since it is in finland ?!, 
  and no , they are not mutually intelligible . 
  disagree with the description given above of the importance of these elections . 
  this is a key test of the current governments agenda and big changes are expected eg ps expected to be decimated . 
  do n't know where op gets his/her info from . 
  your comments are ridiculous . 
  spain is given a veto over eu brexit negotiations , which is completely logical - to do otherwise would be like not giving ireland a say in their border with northern ireland . 
  uk goes apeshit , with a prominent tory ( even if he is no longer the leader or an mp ) says that they 'll go to war with spain ( without provocation ) and not a single member of the uk government denies it . 
  you claiming that the uk is n't being hysterical and ridiculous , but instead presenting a rational response , makes you just as bad as farage and the worst of the delusional brexiteers . 
  no-one is threatening the uk , it 's just the uk being trump-esque and saying `` we 'll nuke everyone that does n't comply with what we demand '' . 
  i think everyone on this sub reddit rolling their eyes and ridiculing the uk is totally called for . 
  that 's true . 
  but that means they 'll have gotten into the finnish social security system before , due to some other reason like work or family ties and paid in for some sufficient amount of time . 
  http://www.studyinfinland.fi/tuition_and_scholarships pretty clear on this page that eu students can fuck off if they think the finnish taxpayer is going to pay their accommodation and everything else . 
  so there 's something in the legislation that the danes have n't adopted . 
  just stop blaming the eu , which we are in also . 
  but then finland will make the international press and everything !, 
  money well spent . 
  this is what the english want though ? 
  people will leave , there 'll be less demand for services and goods meaning their economy will shrink , more people leave , economy shrinks further , etc. 
  obviously , it does n't mean that the government will better fund healthcare , education or any other public services . 
  in fact , they 'll probably make it a low-tax economy / tax haven and cut public spending per head . 
  exactly . 
  that 's not even true . 
  all the nordic countries have generous welfare systems . 
  denmark is no more generous than the rest of us . 
  norway ( and finland until this year ) , did n't even charge non-eu students any tuition like you do in denmark and sweden . 
  you get the same in finland . 
  no support is offered for eu students except that they do n't pay tuition . 
  it 's within the gift of the danish govt to not pay . 
  you should talk to your politicians . 
  nothing to do with eu . 
  you do n't have to , it 's a danish decision to do that , if that is indeed the case in dk . 
  we have the same thing in finland - you get generous benefits for being a student . 
  but it 's plastered all over the internet that if you are an eu or non-eu student , do n't expect to get any handouts as ( you do n't have to pay tuition ) but you have to finance your own studies and get health care insurance . 
  non-finnish speakers in finland would . 
  there are a lot of them . 
  this is still misleading in a way because e.g. 
  sweden and denmark only have 1 subreddit that includes their local language and english language ones . 
  so the finnish one should be r/finland + r/suomi . 
  this is a follow up from this story earlier in the week : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/61xg07/swedish_alcohol_monopoly_opposes_finlands_new/?st=j0wns5bw&amp;sh=b087361c rough translation/summary of the article : finnish tabloid iltasanomat went to ask the tallink-silja booze cruise staff about differences between finnish and swedish boozing culture . 
  the head of communications says that in her experience on these boats between finland and sweden , she does n't recognise systembolaget 's claims about finnish drinking culture , based on which it is different from that of sweden . 
  swedes party on these boats just as finns do . 
  another staff member , working on entertainment , said that in her 15 years on the job , the swedes get just as drunk as the finns do . 
  she recounts a pretty gross story involving a swedish woman taking a dump on the floor of the canteen where people were eating their sandwiches . 
  she says that swedes tend to put more effort into their looks than finns but drinking habits are the same . 
  kasino worker says that the main difference is that swedes tend to drink wine , while finns tend to drink beer , cider and shots . 
  edit : the article ( in finnish ) includes a video of interesting headlines ( in english ) about swedish boozers . 
  even his dog might get a seat at the table of the political meeting of the year ( the trump/putin first meeting ) . 
  i have listed them separately , meaning that i 've not conflated them but instead treated them as separate groups . 
  is it common for you to read things and twist them around to suit what you want to see ? 
  it is just dumb to come online just to antagonise people instead of participating in constructive debate . 
  if you 're happy and comfortable with your decision , then what 's the need for all the aggro ? 
  just leave us alone . 
  poor scotland :(, 
  the flocking of brexiters / trolls onto this subreddit has exacerbated that though . 
  happy to boycott all of turkey til shit like this is taken down . 
  finnish position sounds about right . 
  brexit has barely been in the news here , even today . 
  well it 's inconvenient for finland that sweden invited the entire third world to sweden and then bussed the ones they could n't house to the finnish border . 
  yet we did n't make any formal statements about their right to conduct their own foreign policy . 
  equally , sweden should back off about something that does n't even effect them . 
  feeling like having a drink at home is very different to wanting to go out . 
  grow up and you might eventually learn the difference . 
  the eu has been nothing but transparent . 
  if you leave , you leave . 
  you stop paying your membership fee , you are no longer a club member . 
  this has been repeated over and over and is n't some veiled threat to be confused about and to try to interpret . 
  it is a factual and rational response to a country saying they are leaving . 
  even if there is a big difference between swedish and finnish drinking culture , finland is a sovereign country that has every right to make legislation about alcohol . 
  sweden is overstepping it 's position by formally expressing an opinion about it . 
  as if we should care . 
  stick to your own problems and we will stick to ours . 
  sounds like you have little to do with average finns while living here . 
  it does restrict drinking a lot because you ca n't just decide at friday at 9pm that you 're going to buy and drink a bottle of wine . 
  you need to have gone to alko before 6pm to get a bottle ie . 
  planned in advance . 
  there are countless times i would 've had a drink or two and have n't because alko was already closed for the day . 
  they only have tourism and fishing . 
  probably not too much r&d required to do that . 
  29 % of people are pretty delusional . 
  if the general level of education was a bit higher in the uk , remain would 've won , like it would everywhere else in the eu . 
  agreed . 
  no one is going to stop them from copying eu regulation in their own time , but they 'll have to get permission and pay a fee if they want the eu agencies in question to do any work for them ( e.g. 
  monitoring , signing things off as being in line with regulation ) . 
  which countries are definitely going to be in the fast speed and which in the slow speed europe ? 
  i guess finland will do whatever germany does , so join the fast speed europe . 
  we used to copy what sweden did , but they did n't join the euro as we did on the back of expectations that they would also . 
  then we ended up accidentally joining the euro alone !, 
  nice !,
