  besides , we have to learn both swedish and english as kids . 
  presumably the dutch only learn english . 
  i bet if the map was about proficiency in second languages ( plural ) , then finland would blow the dutch out of the water . 
  so it 's a good idea for the uk to drop their main trading partner but it 's not a good idea for scotland to do it ? 
  you guys in the uk need to start getting some consistency into your arguments before anyone can take you seriously, 
  ok thanks i stand corrected . 
  maybe i was thinking of the euro , which we did n't have a referendum for . 
  i think it 's fine though . 
  better to have mps deciding on these things ( that 's what they 're paid to do ) instead of asking a public of which 80 % or more have no realistic understand of currency unions . 
  what is the source for this ? 
  finland never had a referendum !, 
  scotland is a net contributor to the uk budget ; they take out less than they put in . 
  so do n't you worry about their spending . 
  for me , it 's because of scotland sharing similar values ( eg in more equal distribution of income ) - this is evident in current politics including the fact that scottish unis are tuition-free , they 've introduced the babybox , etc. 
  meanwhile , england is increasingly going in the opposite direction by reducing social security and other spending . 
  in finland at least , reductions in benefits for vulnerable groups like the disabled is an issue no politician would touch whereas the english votes in the tories after they introduced measures like those . 
  a secondary thing is that it 's similarly sized to the nordic countries . 
  it would fit in well with the nordic council while england would never be accepted even if just on the basis that it 's bigger population wise than everyone else combined and would become a dominant member . 
  scotland into nordic ? 
  there 's just more fun stuff to do in finland i guess , so people do n't always have to travel abroad during their holidays  so `` congratulations '' !, 
  do n't think anyone other than a brit could be this arrogant and disrespectful towards the pm of any country . 
  surely there 's more to life than just wages ? 
  family , friends , culture etc ? 
  you could ask yourself why you do n't move since - even if your wages are fine where you are - you could make a lot more in a western eu country ? 
  why not finland for lithuanians ? 
  finland is the most popular among eesti ppl . 
  finland always sticks to the rules even if no one else does !, 
  uk rejection of schengen and the euro is reason enough to demand it in any future discussions about membership . 
  reason enough not to vote for the far right , huh , netherlands ? 
  tuition is not free . 
  there 's only norway left who does n't charge tuition to non-eu students now that we introduced them in finland this year . 
  but tuition varies a lot and can be # 9,000 or more per year in eg the uk . 
  thats a good reason and one which would definitely find a lot of sympathy on this subreddit - more so than money . 
  i think the uk charges the most and places like germany and norway charge the least . 
  but keep in mind that some places like norway are super expensive to live . 
  so little tuition + huge rent in norway might not make it worthwhile even compared to the us . 
  `` thanks for the insult '' , after i just repeated what you said about the validity of sources ? 
  you might as well post links from breitbart . 
  honestly , you seem to be too ignorant for me to even bother writing back , because i would n't know where to begin . 
  you sound like you 're about 12 . 
  start by looking up wealth per capita , gdp per capita , access to health care , etc. 
  everyone knows about those health care programs but also that large groups of people in the us are left with zero coverage . 
  except you . 
  you sound like you get your information from your ass !, 
  purchasing power and disposable income and quality of life is is what matters , not absolute wealth . 
  the poorest mississippians are much worse off than the median italian because even if their income is the same / higher , they have to pay a lot of their income on things italians do n't ( such as healthcare ) . 
  america is the only place in the western world where there are large groups of people with no access to health care !, 
  wow , finland is looking good !, 
  no , why would it be ? 
  usa and uk with the most unequal distributions of income in the western world are in the top 10 ? 
  no , this index is n't biased at all . 
  seems to be the case in poland . 
  but you are n't talking for finland . 
  i guess you do n't understand how finnish politics works . 
  we usually have a coalition government and with the current 8 % ( not 9 % ) the finns party has , they wo n't be in government since their policies are not easy to fit into a government program led by one of the major parties . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/yle_poll_steep_rise_in_undecided_voters/9495415 stop being hysterical about politics you do n't understand . 
  they 're in 6th in the polls . 
  they 'll be wiped out as soon as the next elections take place . 
  municipal elections are 9.4 . 
  stop the hysteria . 
  yeah , do n't really understand the point of this being reposted again . 
  the finns party are marginal nowadays anyway . 
  the scottish one was introduced this year . 
  the finnish version has been around since the 1930s . 
  ceta is a free trade agreement which took 10 years to negotiate . 
  the uk does n't have a fta with the eu and eu politicians have repeatedly made clear that the uk does n't get special treatment or the benefits of eu membership when it leaves the eu . 
  why is it that this basic point can not get through to you people in the uk ? 
  it 's not a threat , it 's a reality . 
  no membership , no costs of membership but also no benefits of membership . 
  look forward to a fta in 2029 or thereabouts . 
  you think that a manufacturer is going to keep their factory close to where 15 % of its sales are or where 85 % of its sales are ? 
  especially if the former comes with huge disruptions on its supply chain ? 
  come on , even you know that what you 're saying makes zero sense . 
  i think there 's only one point of relevance here , which is that the car manufacturing industry works through a complicated supply chain . 
  car parts cross borders 4-5 times throughout the production of a car . 
  if you have to pay tariffs and/or face non-tariff barriers somewhere in the supply chain , that item is sourced from elsewhere . 
  the uk is leaving the single market , so tariffs and non-tariff barriers are inevitable . 
  the current process of manufacturing only works within the single market . 
  i think the closure of pretty much all the uk car plants are inevitable given how the industry works . 
  you can argue the case about german producers putting pressure on the eu , but ultimately they 've said that solidarity is more important than giving the uk a good deal , so the uk does n't really have an ally there . 
  furthermore , the german car manufacturers will lose out regardless of the deal that the uk gets because sterling has depreciated a lot and their cars have become less competitive in the uk as a result . 
  a 20 % reduction is a bit hit to take , especially compared to the wto tariff on cars . 
  are you seriously calling it a `` hostile attitude '' when the eu is saying non-members are n't going to enjoy the benefits of membership ? 
  no non-eu countries get to use it , why would the uk ? 
  you do n't leave a club and get to retain all the benefits of membership - get a grip !, 
  you leave a club and the club saying you wo n't get to use their facilities any longer is `` petty treat after petty threat '' ? 
  get a grip on reality . 
  the guy is from india , so of course it makes sense for him to talk about his views from the indian context . 
  he 's just laying out the obvious really , given how the british are embarrassing themselves by gloating about these fantastically generous trade deals the uk has to look forward to when brexit has happened and the british can embrace once again their colonial subjects . 
  the obvious being that the uk is not remembered fondly so do n't expect special treatment . 
  wrong, 
  100,000 in helsinki alone since 2004 which is a lot for a metropolitan area of just over 1 million, 
  it 's incomplete , meaningless and misleading . 
  i do n't see what purpose this kind of extremely poor quality `` analysis '' really serves . 
  it 's meaningless to have flow data for a single year , instead of stock data , especially if you select a year where there are countries like finland that are in recession in that particular year . 
  leave these charts to jakub marian i think . 
  this ca n't be right . 
  finland has a heavy net loss despite a tenth of the entire estonian population moving to finland since 2004 ? 
  why on earth should europeans pay for the pensions of british eu civil servants then ? 
  they were working in brussels for the uk .
