  we 're not very concerned about that at this point . 
  please tell me about this `` european propaganda \u2122 '', 
  ironic . 
  those subs are very , very quiet . 
  iirc , a canadian submarine did this during rimpac last year . 
  that 's why the us and other nato countries spend so much on anti-submarine warfare . 
  seems we have a ways to go , though ... 
  calm down dude edit : obvious troll, 
  agreed . 
  or you could just blame us, 
  til i am a mouth breather . 
  that 's not what we say either . 
  we say `` guns do n't kill people . 
  people kill people . 
  with guns . '', 
  he says he wo n't go : /, 
  well , we did help ... 
  why are all of your posts about russia ? 
  that all looks really good . 
  i want some :( . 
  til america started wwii, 
  there is no chance in hell that they will elect a catalan pm . 
  woah woah woah , you 're telling me that they did n't put an aesa radar on the eurofighter ? 
   without a single loss it has been shot down before , just not from the air . 
  not sure why people are downvoting you . 
  in certain parts of red flag , the 30mki defeated the f-15 . 
  yeah they do . 
  to name a few , the su-27 , the su-35 , the su-30 . 
  i do n't think that would be an illegitimate reason to fight . 
  they 're such shitty vehicles anyway . 
  it 's all in good fun , 
  source ? 
  pretty ironic that you 're talking about inferiority complexes , and either way who cares !, 
  it a a game !, 
  drag racing a t-90 against , say , a leopard 2 ... interesting concept, 
   think about how ridiculous it sounds when people say that russia has the best interest of the world in their mind and so on . 
  most people know to laugh at those things , but for some reason it 's somehow completely different when it comes to us . 
  given the past 70 years , that should n't be surprising . 
  that would actually be a good thing . 
  lol fuck off, 
  thought so . 
  no , obviously it was the us imperialists trying to draw russia into a war it does n't want . 
  which ones ? 
  i remember a certain axis ... 
  actually , it was the rest of nato that needed our help in the libyan operation . 
  we all know how that worked out last time :p, 
  imagine what it must have felt like to know that , for the rest of human history , your name will never be forgotten ? 
  absolutely incredible ... 
  greece managed to run pretty much everything into the ground . 
  how about no ? 
  not sure if joking ( ? ), 
  what was left of the tea party fell to pieces after the last presidential election . 
   all of those cold , hard realities do n't even mention the fact that to win the republican nomination , you have to be approved by the tea party , lolwut, 
   we are , ultimately , their only real friends , the only ones like them , in terms of civlization , and they know that . 
  without us ( + commonwealth countries . . also western civilization ) , they 'd be completely alone . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  i am so incredibly happy to have a massive fucking ocean between our two continents . 
  you are the problem . 
  they do n't blow themselves up taking hundreds with them though , now do they ? 
  you ca n't see very much of anything , can you ? 
  its a drop in the bucket . 
  4b is pocket change relative to other expenses . 
  ah you guys had that wall to shield yourselves . 
  would have been totally fine / s. 
   history channel my sides, 
  guys !, 
  i found a german with a sense of humor !, 
  agreed completely . 
  military aircraft have transponders as well , but i do n't see what transponders have to do with this situation . 
  agreed . 
  a bit of a difference here . 
  the czech republic is giving the peshmerga 10 million rounds of ammunition , and germany has supplied them with around 1,000 milan atgms . 
  the coalition continuously provides cas and reconnaissance intelligence to them . 
  what makes you think we ca n't arm the kurds ? 
  [ seems legit . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=e_mesotbeps ), 
  this man saw it all happen . 
  i wish i could have . . 
  no , no , you see . 
  oh god look what you 've started . . 
  to anyone downvoting this guy , please explain what you found to be incorrect . 
  somewhere in las vegas i think . . 
  except i actually can . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  i do n't !, 
  edit : i still do n't !, 
  same , actually . 
  this guy was a contract soldier . 
  then they should get the fuck out of europe . 
  you know , you have a choice in this too . 
  vote for how you want your government to act . 
  and what do you propose ? 
  that we take on the turkish air force ? 
  plsno d :, 
  do n't worry , we wo n't . 
  that would n't fly very well at home , especially during election season . 
  thankfully , some business men have the morals you do n't . 
  why not just use a lunchbox and ice pack or thermos ? 
  jesus christ , they 've found this subreddit ... 
  wtf , what 's the logic behind that ?
