  * looks at italy *, 
  you know , for a bot , you have extremely good comebacks :p !, 
   the last bit was a tad sarcastic . 
  so complete bullshit , then . 
  * checks flair * yep , i thought so . 
  * slams !, 
  the fact that i do n't know which specific country you are referring to is saddening . 
   they also committed crimes in other countries , why not extradite them to those ? 
  because other countries did n't ask ? 
  i care !, 
  it 's a treasure trove of history, 
   the us is the single worst human rights violator on the planet . 
  lol  are they american citizens ? 
  they commited the crimes in the us . 
  they have made and continue to make some of the most beautiful and powerful aircraft that have ever flown above this earth . 
  do not sign ttip . 
  jesus christ for the love of god , please , do not fuck your standards because some mega-corporations here think you could profit them . 
   financial trader so * that 's * why you 're so pissed off . 
   you ca n't build a bridge to transnistria like you would to crimea , without illegally crossing the border of a sovereign state . 
  yeah , but russia do n't give a fuuuuuuuuuu . . 
  can confirm , was shot while writing this comment . 
  luckily my massive amount of body fat was enough to stop the round . 
  now let me just finish this big mac before i go to my weekly nsa approved waterboarding . 
  again ? 
  my bad , i thought you were talking about the us . 
  interesting info though . 
  kind of surprising to see that this stuff still goes on in a developed european country . 
  they wo n't , because they ca n't . 
  lol , what can it do ? 
  absolutely agreed . 
  comcast . 
  at least he got this part of the american experience . . 
  simple answer , he 's an idiot . 
  use ublock origin , not ublock . 
  ublock was bought by some shady guy , and origin is still run by the original creator . 
  rt is going to have a field day . 
  as hard as it is for me , i 'll take the plane  . 
  woah dude . 
  trigger warning !!, 
  seeing as we used to wear ucp , you 're absolutely right . 
  great advice from 1918 . 
  dae le military industrial complex joos control obama ? 
  you would be a lurker forever . 
  end flow of kebab ? 
   santorum oh god please no, 
   many europeans lurv obama for some reason because he 's not bush . 
  i mean ... do you really want to ? 
  some of it is . 
  france pls no ... 
  ouch ... 
  everyone else can learn from this now , or wish they had later . 
  when are you going to delete this comment like your last one ? 
  woah there . . 
   at will employment just googled that . 
  how the fuck is that even legal ? 
  til ... 
  spanish , and chinese . 
   rahd grahd med flawd lol, 
  and its 100 % their choice . 
  if they want to do things a certain way in their own countries then more power to them . 
  we 'll do the same in our own . 
  i fail to see the problem . 
  we only need to glance at the comments section to see that it is time for our weekly getting pissed at soviets/americans/british / germans/french thread . 
  no piece of hardware goes without its problems . 
  not you , the other guy . 
  i was addressing that message to you . 
  now wtf is with your attitude about karma ? 
  do n't bother with this guy . 
  check his comment history . 
  you misspelled / r/european . 
  tell that to my rising healthcare costs . 
   we are following the americans in terms of obesity . 
  holy shit ... 
  quite a few of them , too !, 
  on mobile , it looks like they 're flying the english national flag , but upon closer inspection , it 's georgian . 
  lol , there 's no debating that , is there . . 
  ironically , the vast majority of south americans are catholic christians . 
  the canadians need em more than we do  . 
  if you mean that he had n't traveled to syria or iraq to train with isis , then you 're correct . 
  sorry if i worded that ambiguously . 
  ofc not . 
  but they would n't call for acts of violence against the event . 
  who gives a fuck what anyone would call it . 
  it is by definition a free speech event . 
  well , it sure as fuck did n't work out when they tried to . 
  [ there has been evidence for a while now . 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/us/official-texas-shooting-suspects-ided/story?id=30782088 ) nobody is the least bit surprised . 
  guess what motherfucker , we refuse to recognize this idiotic concept of relinquishing our rights to not appear ` islamophobic . ', 
  think carefully about what you just said . 
  that position goes to asia . 
  [ target acquired ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oil_reserves_in_canada ), 
  ooh ooh , can i buy a country ? 
  interesting video . 
  i say , if you guys want to do it , go for it !, 
  no reason not to at that point . 
  we 've got our shit together , do n't worry . 
  i have no doubt that they will have to make that the case . 
  we will account for you . 
  we will negotiate with you . 
  we will mitigate you if we must .
