  got warm air . 
  the only things keeping me cool now are my tears ;( . 
   accurate , but then have a 250m + kill radius . 
  depends on what sort of weapon we 're talking about in that case . 
  that tourist is a fucking idiot . 
  see you on the bottom . 
   there 's nothing surgical about a missile . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  modern missiles and guided munitions are extremely accurate , and often hit within a meter of the desired location . 
  that is not to say that they only damage or destroy their intended targets , but relative to the weapons humans have used against each other in the not so distant past , they are very much surgical . 
  rip isis, 
  mhm , true true . 
  also spain belongs to mexico and france belongs to quebec . 
  who would they even riot agaisnt ? 
  another rioter ? 
  relevant username , 
   we 'd rather kill the world , the germans specifically plsdontcalmdown, 
  and half of the united states would agree with that idea , including myself !, 
  good to know you can decide that . 
  seven days + a few years ? 
  wtf, 
   golf war, 
  those migs were blown halfway to hell by the syrian air force earlier this year btw . 
  you 're obviously incapable of basic math . 
  proceed with caution , for your own sake . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're trolling or not . 
  too *, 
  [ ;d ] ( https://youtu.be/jaypn-1yjt0?t=10 ), 
  interesting !, 
  i did n't know that another retailer could sue because of that . 
  absolutely , hands down . 
  nice people , great weather , good food , and plenty of things to do . 
  lol , that poor flag looks like a corrupted jpeg . 
  so you 're telling me that the german government is going to contact every major online retailer that sells adult ebooks , and successfully order them to implement the measures needed to prevent people from buying them ? 
  furthermore , with [ any of the following add-ons ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/search/?q=vpn&amp;appver=38.0&amp;platform=windows ) even that becomes totally useless as well . 
  how the hell does any government believe it actually has the ability to enforce these sorts of laws ? 
  in reality , people like you have no place in an advanced , healthy society . 
  is it opposite day today or some shit ? 
  i do n't think i can believe my eyes . . 
  or they 're decent people who believe in equal rights . 
  the french , the germans , the british , the spanish to name a few ? 
  ayyy, 
  for the sake of your karma , add a / s tag . . 
  i 'm going to let you in on a little secret . 
  very , very few people care about what the ` true ' use of downvotes is . 
  people telling you to fuck off is just as much freedom of speech as your idiotic statement . 
  he can do whatever the fuck he wants . 
  go and stop him if you 're so offended . 
  direct hit !, 
   remove worker rights k, 
   your roads and bridges are falling apart . 
  eh , not from what i 've seen personally . 
  new ones continue to be built to replace old ones . 
  thank you for the diplomatic attitude you portray in this thread . 
  very refreshing . 
  i 'm not saying that snowden is a mouthpiece for the fsb , but you must be retarded if you believe there is no reason for the fsb to use him as one . 
  way too many do , but most do not . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  why exactly do they see it as fair ? 
  sooooo many people around the world do n't know this . 
  umm . . 
  can i into ? 
  if they 'd actually read the study , they would know there is n't much to be salty about in the first place . 
  proper electrical infrastructure . 
  pick any western european country . 
  fuck no he does n't . ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ hope ^ ^ ^ ^ d ;, 
   god sent you sure you worked at fort bliss ? 
  in other words , idiots exist . 
  `` may '', 
  you 've already made my point . 
   your disrespect for human life and dignity is appalling , american apologist . 
  you ** american appologist \u2122 !, 
  you are being that guy . 
  yep , saw that too . 
  let them swim in their own salty , salty tears . 
  if ever there was a more incriminating comment ... good find . 
   lgbt talking about morality is like hitler talking about tolerance k, 
  or like talking to you about tolerance . 
  inb4 venezuela, 
  someone call rt. 
  they 're going to have some fun !, 
  it 's fun to read , really . 
  i genuinely admire your sense of humor . 
  too bad all these other morons do n't seem to understand that everything you are saying is in fact said in humor . 
  i 'm very much aware of the s-300 aka sa-10 . 
  bear in mind that nato and the us have substantially newer aircraft , and tons of them . 
  we also have sead capabilities which the ukranian military simply does n't . 
  i can go into further detail if you like because i 'm actually very interested in this topic as well , but comparing the ukranian air force to the airforces of nato member nations is equivalent to comparing night and day . 
  you 're absolutely correct there . 
  it would certainly be messy , but i have no doubt that air assets would be made available within hours . 
  you 're absolutely correct , except for your last sentence . 
  i can guaran-fucking-tee you that we would all haul ass to the front line . 
   people from india , for example , are very affluent , but fairly conservative about their culture . 
  not sure where you 're getting this . 
  this sort of attitude is limited almost entirely to the first generation immigrants . 
  their children totally reject the ` conservative ' aspects of the culture and adopt the overall american culture . 
  nice, 
   self discipline has to be pushed onto these people . 
  re-read that . 
  imagine how many new jobs we could create from making more of [ these ... ] ( http://lasertagsource.com/images/equipmentultimatephoenixltx.jpg ),
