  we will not fear you . 
  if i may be quite honest , i have n't seen it reported at all . 
  good try , though . 
  the rafale is a beast of a plane . 
  too bad it 's going to qatar . . 
  sounds like highschool . 
  what an idiotic waste of time . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meteor_ ( missile ) launch platform : eurofighter typhoon , dassault rafale , saab jas 39 gripen , ** f-35 ( pending ) ** we are putting it on the f-35 . 
  fuck this man , i give up trying to convince people like you who do n't even try to look before making an argument . 
  roger , well good luck i guess . 
  nope !, 
  i have some friends in california though . 
  he knows so little , yet he downvotes you . 
  yeah , when a wvr dogfight engineered as part of an exercise . 
  an inhumane waste of time , money , animal and occasionally human life . 
  they did n't get it , did they . . 
  so what you 're saying is that not only are you not russian , but you also do n't consider yourself western . 
  if i may ask , where are you from , and why do you believe what you do ? 
  ` you ' ca n't offer anything . 
  your vote can . 
  he did n't . 
  he 's just blowing hot air . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  i live in texas , still a student . 
  i have visited multiple european countries on multiple different occasions , and lived in spain for a few years . 
  loved every second of my time there !, 
  i 'm looking to be an aeronautical engineer and am working towards that at the moment . 
  umm ... what else would you like to know ? 
  scandinavia would work , but i 've lived in spain a few years and i do n't believe there is any place where you can be 100 miles away from at least one town . 
  either way that is a technicality , and this new regulation is a good thing . 
  wtf were those things in the first picture ... 
  i 'm one of them !, 
  interesting , i did n't know . 
  thanks !, 
  i agree what with what you said in regards to estonia and nato . 
  not the guy that you are replying to , but most people i 've met simply state whatever their mother and/or father were . 
  others , admittedly a minority , simply call themselves american . 
  we need to shut that shit down at home if it will ever get better . 
  i think the policy is a good idea , but where in europe would you be 100 miles away from the nearest town or city ? 
  fact is , you obviously have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  i can explain why , but it would require a few paragraphs . 
  if you 're serious about learning why these aircraft are not ` bottomless pits ' , then i will gladly do that for you . 
  yahoo finance is the most credible source for defense news in the world today . 
  til the f-22 is unable to fly or to fight . 
  do you have any idea what you 're talking about ? 
  lol, 
   yeah but how many of those muslims were atheist ? 
  jesus christ , you 're not even trying ... 
  i think i 'll just stick to the downvote button on this one . 
  our ( western countries ) priority is to ensure that we can defend our own countries . 
  whatever the flying fuck mr. putin thinks is secondary . 
  i would not be the least bit surprised . 
  sure !, 
  wear a uniform and abide by the rules of war and you 'll get that treatment . 
  hiding among civilians dressed in plain clothes , however , will yield a different result . 
  lol , that did n't go too well now , did it ? 
   well , you did get rid of saddam because he was shit and you wanted to `` fix '' that , right ? 
  but the replacement government was shit too so it did n't work . 
  it is naive to think that this was anything but another resource war . 
   the last 14 years have been awfully vietnam-esque for the us , right ? 
  vietnam was n't exactly popular with the american people . 
  bombing isis on the other hand is . 
  we 've dealt with that part of the world for over a decade . 
  we 're not about to leave . 
  we 're not exactly there to ` fix ' things . 
  wtf, 
  lol , well good luck with that kadyrov . 
  let me know how it goes . 
  he has royaly fucked any chance of cooperation between russia and ukraine within the foreseeable future and pushed ukraine into seeking alignment with the west . 
  if those were his goals , then mission accomplished . 
  comment above changed to reflect this , 
  you seem to be under the impression that nato is not directly beneficial to us economic and military interests . 
  look , in all due respect i 've seen all of your comments on the subject , and i 'm going to end this discussion before it wastes more our time . 
  tooooo fukin bad . 
  if anyone is even remotely surprised by this , much less offended by this , they do n't know what is going on . 
  if it should come to that ( which would be extremely unlikely ) , we could too . 
  it would n't . 
  even as things stand , europe comprises many of america 's most important economic partners and military allies . 
  could there be a more click-bait title ? 
  who can tell at this point . . 
  cool , subbed, 
  lol, 
  but i like ikea ... :d, 
  well shit , i hope we adopt some of yours then ... 
  europeans should do what i 'd best for them . 
  the same goes for americans . 
  the best we can all do is reach an agreement which would benefit all of us . 
  negotiating duh an agreement behind closed doors not only suggests that this is not the case , it also undermines the credibility of any future agreements . 
  wtf, 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  / u/bloodysneeze . 
  / r/europe 's one-lining asshole lurker . 
  ok , all is well . 
  jerk_off will handle the situation from here . 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  lol what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  some did , most did n't . 
  so you 're telling us you have n't so much as tried . 
  rekt . 
   than there is no reasons to hold our part of the deal if that is true .
