junts pel si  uncertain ?????????????????? 
  legality is no longer a concern . 
  sure , why not . 
  that is beautiful . 
  right to self determination . 
  once again , how does that make either of us hypocrites ? 
  texas voted to join the union . 
  this is the kind of agreement we need . 
  it 's about time . 
  got ta admit , that was pretty funny . 
  explain . 
  that statement does n't make the slightest amount of.sense . 
  what you should have asked is `` so you think the confederacy should have been allowed to leave , '' in which case i would have answered `` sure , they can fuck off and do their own shit . '', 
   neo liberal puppet of the usa as soon as they get the chance it really is that easy to blame us , is n't it ? 
   i remember how the americans and europeans of reddit used to bash us when we did n't accept refugees for a few days a few months ago . 
  i do n't . 
  first picture looked like an arma 3 screenshot lol . 
  absolutely !, 
  there is no single deciding factor here . 
  very true . 
  russia or the refugees ? 
  it was sustained by the us because we gave a ton of weapons to groups that fought assad . 
  they can do fuck all . 
  ignore them . 
  this would have been the most epic ' / s ' there ever was , but instead it just confirmed the need for the tag . 
   fyrom oh god , not another one of these fucking threads, 
  makes sense if you do n't think about it !, 
  that is an excellent way of putting that , actually . 
  those would be some high powered rifles . . 
  flair checks out  . 
  in all seriousness , best of luck !, 
   why the hell is turkey fighting against kurds in syria ? 
  not to speak about the situation in libya ... there will be many more coming , if eu ( and us ) do n't deal with those issues . 
  turkey is not fighting the kurds . 
  turkey is fighting the pkk . 
  [ but m8 ... ] ( http://i32.tinypic.com/29mkj6c.jpg ), 
   spain, 
   i 'm sure a different government ( which is likely to happen , specially if the catalans pressured for one instead of pressuring for independence ) would have allowed it . 
  lol . 
  this is serious business . 
  that is fucking brutal !, 
   and a sufficient reason for them to attack us . 
  now * that * would make for a great movie . 
  i wonder when you 'll delete your comment ... 
  what , in your opinion , should be done about the current situation ? 
  please explain ? 
  edit : or you could downvote me , which is easier , i guess ... 
   we did n't start anything in syria ... ha . 
  haha . 
  hahahahahaha, 
   europe 's intervention oh wait . . 
  or we should not fucking start wars in the first place . 
  i wish i was rich enough to gild you for this one, 
  sounds like everything would be great then !, 
  rekt, 
  ooh , i sww what you mean !, 
  the j-31 took a lot of `` inspiration '' from the jsf as well , it seems, 
  copy ? 
  what copy ? 
  you 're not talking about the j-20 are you ? 
  i guess you 'd prefer the headline read `` another shipment of us supplied weapons lands in isis hands . 
  thank god . 
  regiments . 
  fighter and aa regiments . 
  merkel wants her money back, 
  the idea that the us takes military action for anything other than protecting a few people 's interests is naive . 
  explain ? 
  imagine if he had somehow survived ... 
  so many idiots think they actually banned a person from their flights . 
  they did n't . 
  they removed her music from their in flight entertainment . 
  i blame america . 
  i want one :( . 
  and nuke what , exactly ? 
  hammond ? 
  with grenades . 
  i can see why they call you # 1 . 
   perhaps they should spend more time looking to defend themselves , instead . 
  i do n't recall it being the divine responsibility of the united states to defend every nation on earth from each of their enemies . 
  they asked us to , and we agreed because we share interests and beliefs . 
  what about that is so hard to understand ? 
  great . 
  you should petition your country 's government to begin it 's exit from nato . 
  america does n't just say `` make room in your hangers , cuz we 're bringin ' some raptors ! '', 
  it is done with the permission of that country 's government . 
  estonian pilots wo n't be flying them . 
  us pilots will be flying them , just out of bases in estonia . 
  thank you for not calling me a lockheed shill , :d . 
  not about to deny that , lol . 
  mhm , obviously . 
   war is boring, 
  a voice of sanity among the mindless `` brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrtttttttttttttttttttttttttttt '', 
   even the f-22 is detectable by some forms of radar you 're talking about the l-band radars are n't you ? 
  while a stealth aircraft 's presence can be detected by l-band radars , actually tracking them accurately is damn near impossible . 
  most , if not all of the actual fire control radars are x-band . 
   it 's cheap not anymore  fast wtf are you on about . 
   easy to maintain once again , not anymore . 
   weaponry you 're right on that one . 
   capabilities for upgrades and extra weaponry to deal with pretty much any likely threat yeah , except actual threats such as newer manpads , iads , and more complex air to air threats . 
   you do n't send a multi role fighter that costs tremendous amounts of money to do a job that could be done much more effectively by a purpose designed plane .
