  you 're overestimating yourselves , you 're not special . 
  any success can easily turn into ruin and you have nothing that cant be taken away . 
  a lot of people are going to be worse off thanks to your delusional view . 
  haha , that is truly naive . 
  demographics wont take you very far in the future ... 
  it 's the uk that has no chance in hell to compete with the eu since scotland is going to compete with the single market . 
  * you 're * naive if you think the uk has any chance against that . 
  i fixed it now . 
  we wo n't join it until we want to , and that is the reality of it . 
  being obliged to do it means nothing in practice . 
  and it would be political suicide to start forcing countries against their will to join it . 
  great , they 're a english speaking country in the eu , that is a big advantage that the uk would never be able to match . 
  they would both be an entry point to europe and to the uk since they would be the only eu country bordering ~ ~ it ~ ~ the economically relevant part of the uk . 
  the iraq war was still politically entertaining , just for other reasons . 
  yes that is one solution ... !, 
  says the last countries that joined the eu that have n't adopted it and us that have been in the eu for 20 years without adopting it . 
  the european project is not dependent on a currency and believing that is laughable . 
  not at all , no one is going to deny scotland entry into the european union because of the euro . 
  the euro does not have that kind of meaning in the eu . 
  independence is going to be dependent on the relationship between scotland and the uk , and only that , not some arbitrary cool off period . 
  i suspect there 's going to be calls for a new referendum a year or so after brexit when the reality of economic isolation begins to unravel and the effects of the actual brexit is at its peak . 
  this is when scotland has the biggest chance of gaining independence , i think . 
  the bad news are going to be your economic isolation . 
  you 're in for a rude awakening . 
  the keyword in my comment is `` can '' , the eu has the power . 
  it has also demonstrated before that it 's not shy about imposing eu regulation on american tech companies which is a big reason why google is so eager about appealing this ruling , i think . 
  thank god we have the eu and can actually resist this . 
  it 's also an excellent example of what `` sovereignty '' actually means in practice . 
  it 's not an opinion if you claim that it 's fact , which is what he is mostly doing . 
  calling them `` different opinions '' is just as misleading as `` alternative facts '' . 
  there 's still ireland but hopefully they 'll come around now that they 'll be alone against it . 
  good , if they want to succumb to laissez-faire capitalism it 's in our interest to make sure that they are the only victims . 
  seems reasonable for the eu countries with similar levels of wealth and standards of living . 
  not gon na happen for us though , we 'd be the losers in that system and i suspect others feel the same . 
  eurosceptism in sweden has always come from an unwillingness to `` homogenize '' our standards to the levels of poorer member states . 
  we 'd probably be the first to join if it turned out to be a success though . 
  and can we have a map without cheating , lying and stealing as well as being * ridiculously * lucky plsssss . 
  it would be interesting to see how such a map would look like :3, 
  tell eesti she 's to good for the nordic boys, 
  a better example would be how you let pedophiles have sex with your children , that is something more akin to the truth, 
  in your first comment you implied that she had the autonomy to meet whoever she wanted and now you 've changed it . 
  `` she does n't have to do shit if she does n't want to '' is not the same as what you implied in your first comment . 
  haha , do people in britain really believe the monarch has any power ? 
  culturally every country in europe has a lot to do with france , they 're probably the country that has shaped europe the most . 
  they ca n't really be grouped with one set of countries or others . 
  it 'll probably start when the sheep realize they voted for the wolves ; that is when the middle and working class people feel the effects of laissez-faire capitalism . 
  the fate of the nhs after brexit should be a good indication of what 's in store . 
  this just looks incredibly petty and counter productive . 
  how do they expect to legislate this without loop holes ? 
  they 'd have to create even more bureaucracy for this to even seem feasible . 
   with all the talk of punishment in the eu it is only natural alliance the uk has . 
  yes , keep polishing that victim complex and trump will come and make the boo boo go away . 
  since it 's a matter of law to leave the eu the power to leave the eu lies with parliament . 
  not to just `` consent '' as you put it . 
  they could have chosen not to trigger article 50 if they wanted or vice versa and the government would have been forced to comply whether it wanted it or not . 
   well of course it is for the government of the country to decide its plan for the future you 're commenting this on an article that gives proof to the exact opposite . 
  it was accepted pretty early on that brexit was going to be whatever theresa may wanted it to be . 
  nothing has been debated as if there was a choice . 
  delete this . 
  well there 's been a lot of `` we won , your argument is invalid '' . 
  there really was no debate about how brexit would look like and theresa 's government has done little to alleviate this situation , her action 's has rather shown that she 's really not open to alternative views . 
  getting defensive already ? 
  it 's only been 5 mins since it was posted , lol . 
  i wonder if this will create meaningful debate in the uk now that the government ca n't go about it as ham-fisted as they 've done up until now . 
  we did it , gentlemen . 
  denmark is now a joke throughout europe . 
  sk\u00e5l, 
  with the ongoing investigation , more like 1 year . 
  seems like we 've gotten a monopoly on winter pics in / r/europe , are you even trying finland ? 
  yeah , that would explain the danes, 
   unfortunately we appear to have a government that is willing to accept any policy thrown our way by the big wigs in the eu chambers . 
  what are you on about . 
  your economy is built around abusing the single market for your own gain , do you think that 's something everyone is letting you do out of the goodness of our hearts ? 
  they have a clear track record of throwing the rest of europe under the buss for their own gain , i would honestly not be comfortable at all if ireland held a key position during the negotiations . 
  because czech republic is too bohemian of a name . 
  that 's right, 
  you ca n't possibly think that i will take that seriously . 
  it reads like a bad joke . 
  that 's rich coming from a tax haven . 
  what do you know about concern for other countries ? 
  that 's good and all but norway is still inside the single market . 
  it does n't dispel the private sectors reliance of it and norway which would have zero leverage in a potential fta negotiation with the eu has nothing to win by leaving the eea . 
  norwegian exports without the oil , data that you can look up [ here ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/ ) , hovers around 1/3 of what sweden exports despite having more than half of sweden 's population and that 's * with * access to the single market . 
  the private sector is massively underperforming , and it needs the single market badly . 
  the norwegian government is smart enough to realize the dangers of relying on oil to run the country . 
  having everyone 's salaries paid with oil money is a sure way to make the money disappear quickly . 
  as small of a private sector that norway has it 's still money that the government saves and the government are not going to be stupid enough to throw that away by leaving the eea , norway is already as competitive as a turtle in a drag race . 
  [ you 're right ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/02/marksburg-braubach.jpg/2560px-marksburg-braubach.jpg ) , it looks like it was made out of cardboard . 
  the uk being `` forced '' to change , because they would be `` closed off '' if the eu does n't give them what they want . 
  he makes it sound like the uk is being kicked out . 
  he is trying to shift the blame on the eu for what would happen to britain post brexit . 
  no , more like `` if you do n't give us what we want we 'll see it as bullying . '', 
  2004 was a mistake . 
  they were soldiers in occupied territory . 
  i do n't think this attack is even close to comparable to the terrorist attacks in europe , but you 're framing it like i should grieve when countries lose soldiers in conflicts that they themselves are the cause of . 
  so even when the killed are soldiers it 's terrorism or a `` terror attack '' ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  they do n't look like they 'd manage any other kind of sport , that 's for sure ... 
  yes, 
  it changes the point .
