butt hurt ? 
  always nice to be reminded that / r/europe has devolved to this childish crap, 
   the indisputable fact is that prevailing institutions of authority in the west , for decades , have relentlessly and with complete indifference stomped on the economic welfare and social security of hundreds of millions of people . 
  so the answer is trump and brexit . . ? 
  the truth is whatever these movements accomplished now wo n't matter if they achieve nothing with the power they are granted , and lets face it both movements offered what amounts to fairytales for the votes they got . 
  the consequenses will be felt from the decisions taken and every reaction always has a counter reaction and in the end it will just turn out to be a high price paid for a lesson small children are taught in preschool : two wrongs never make a right . 
  a meme is in the white house , we underestimated the power of the meme and it might turn out to be a case of too little to late if you ask me . 
  they were called stupid for a reason . 
  we should never strive to appease the misinformed and angry by legitimizing their position . 
  that is incredibly dangerous as we already see in britain . 
  it should simply never have gotten to this point . 
  we 've left the age of information and entered the age of misinformation . 
  you have to really admire the progress romania is experiencing right now , despite what bad consequences came from expanding east , countries like romania i think will prove one day that it was worth it for the eu . 
  get over yourself , you 're not accomplishing anything by acting like a complete idiot . 
  i think he was refering to a more confederate system and not direct democracy . 
  haha are you joking , the us , get out of here haha, 
  a coalition of religious and corrupt eu countries could certainly push whatever regressive policy they wanted on us if it came to that , and thats something we will never allow to happen . 
  what ? 
  trump is definitely the one with the most extreme foreign policy in mind . 
  i do n't know what 's more laughable , the idea that they 're the oldest democracy or that it somehow would be an argument against criticism . 
  then you do have an idea when the eu will fall apart . 
  there 's no reason to descend into a playground fight over an article on the internet . 
  question | answer -- | -- where are you from ? 
  | sweden what languages can you speak fluently ? 
  | swedish , english and portuguese what is your usual timezone ? 
  | cet have you had previous experience as a mod inside or outside of reddit ? 
  | no what do you like the most about / r/europe ? 
  | that it connects europeans , and removes the notion of foreigners and `` others '' among people in europe . 
  do you believe in working as a team or mostly working alone ? 
  | when everyone has a common ground and understanding of the goals i think it 's always better to work in a group . 
  in general , how would you evaluate / r/europe 's rules ? 
  | they are reasonable , it 's obvious that a lot of people have issues with them but i think that they are necessary compromises as to not worsen the quality of discourse . 
  what change would you make in / r/europe if you could ? 
  | more mods during off hours as to avoid opportunistic posters looking to post things that break rules when moderation is low . 
  and better communication on why a mod has taken an action on a post , i think the ambiguous tags are too open to accusations and so it contributes to growing mistrust in the moderation team . 
  why do you want to join / r/europe 's mod team ? 
  | i think that i could add to the quality of the subreddit . 
  do you think politically neutral moderation is achievable and/or desirable ? 
  | it is hard but achievable . 
  i think this is why it 's important to work as a group with a common understanding , you moderate each other to prevent rogue individuals or opinions from affecting your work . 
  `` is it desirable ? 
  '' , i think that if you wa n't to be open to as many people as possible that it 's a must . 
  it might not be desirable for those that come to these internet forums to validate their specific opinions , but i think that it 's at least acceptable by everyone . 
  did you not read the article ? 
  i suggest you read it as the context you 're looking for is in there . 
   what is also not good is outer force trying to interfere in internal matters of a country . 
  if you have a problem with this you should never have joined the european * union * . 
  it is built on the values of democracy and the thought that a eu member could be fine not adhering to them is simply not acceptable and i hope if they 're proven wrong that poland gets punished . 
  i would not want my country to be in this union otherwise . 
  eesti is surely nordic because i said so and because we need a nordic country that does not have us as some sort of rival . 
  so you 're just emphasizing that the eu members are getting something out of the bribe ? 
  a bribe is of course bilateral . 
  it 's in the middle of nowhere at the same latitude as northern canada , the tip of greenland and siberia . 
  i would be surprised if people did n't expect anything different from what we have . 
  not a lot of people know about the warming effects of the gulf stream outside of europe . 
  smoking among younger people here is mostly a social thing , you do it to be apart of the group . 
  and girls are just more socially inclined than boys . 
  this is especially true for ages around 15 which there are a lot of smokers that are girls . 
  that looks like a burnt down building and there 's even a firetruck in the picture , are you high ? 
   the things he said are imo despicable , but the people are the ones that should punish him for this . 
  laws against racial hatred are often made to protect * against * the people and making them the judge would make the whole law pointless . 
  is that not the case in the netherlands ? 
  what a garbage article . 
  it reads like something out of a gossip tabloid . 
  that made no coherent sense ... 
  everyone likes to watch the guy that 's obviously full of himself fall flat on his face , and this time it 's britain with its island mentality needing an exception for its special self at every turn . 
  it 's not hard to see why people would like to see the uk fail . 
  whether you think it 's right or wrong that 's up to you . 
  dubai grew out of the * desert * in 20 years to become what it is , time does n't matter at all . 
  all it takes is an incentive and that 's it . 
  they are about to be . 
  what a bunch of bs, 
  tfw no one cares anymore in / r/europe when these kind of statistics come out and sweden is at the top , but when something bad happens in sweden it 's a party in the comment section . 
  jesus christ , do you only see the world the way you wa n't it to be ? 
  you have made more claims to what i have said than i have probably , every new thing you write is you warping something i have said and me having to try to clear it up . 
  i can not spell it out in clearer english . 
  yes , though you made up `` the crowd '' as well as `` the majority of people '' , though they certainly do exist , that was never in my argument . 
  i 'm starting to think or hoping rather that you 're just trolling me by now . 
   reread that and respond again . 
  come on even you have to see that it was done deliberate and as i said i 'm not going to argue with you . 
  but i will say this now that you brought up my intelligence , independently of how smart i am , every developed country has chosen to allow abortion and to not grant fetuses human rights , now , i 'm going to be honest and say that i 'm not an authority on the subject but their stance is evident . 
  so how smart do you think * you * are . 
  i 'm not claiming they are n't human , i 'm claiming they are n't human . 
  what you do n't understand is that the word `` human '' encompasses more than your simplification of it and if you do n't have the ability to read into the context and know what i was referring to then there is no reason to have an argument at all as it would only really be about semantics . 
  in a taxonomical sense only and that is just an arbitrary label made for scientific consistency . 
  trying to disprove my point by narrowing down the word to fit yourself wo n't convince anyone . 
  humans have human rights , `` little beings '' do n't . 
  simple as that and one could n't have put into words better than you did . 
  yeah , i do n't buy it . 
  swexit is n't really something that 's being talked about here at all . 
  moreover , people do n't vote for sd because they 're anti-eu , they 're a single-issue party , they get votes because they 're anti immigration . 
  i could only see it hurting them if they were to seriously try to bring sweden out of the eu, 
  football events have been targeted before by terrorists but never actually the teams themselves . 
  i hope it 's just an accident of some sort . 
  trump yes . 
  again ... you 're just making up strawmen that fit your narrow and incomplete interpretation of tax avoidance . 
  your example is just one single instance of tax avoidance and one that no one actually refers to when they talk about tax avoidance . 
  you 're purposely being misleading ... 
  yes i love it !, 
  this is exactly the kind of issues the eu need to deal with to convince europeans that they have our vested interests at heart !,
