  or the catalan economy is artificially propped up for being inside spain . 
  god forbid evil western europe tries to do anything about hungary !, 
  did a bot write that article ? 
  no one would expect cheeto benito followers to understand how treaties work . 
  where is our compensation for opening up our labor markets then ? 
  if only people wanted to look at polish art ... we should have made like the french and plundered italy instead , that 's where the money is . 
  oh wow impressive , what happened to it :\\ ^ d, 
  * that is * mediocrity that you just described ... 
  there 's a stereotype of finnish men here that when they hit 40 they turn into chubby old farts with beer guts obsessed with machismo and beating sweden in hokey . 
  it 's like our national image of finnish men . 
  it 's not like you 'll be forced to dust off your footprints when leaving . 
  you 're still allowed to make a fire as well and littering is illegal anywhere in sweden . 
  since there 's much more land in western europe you 'd expect it to be much colder around central and eastern europe since the warm air from the atlantic gets more time to dissipate over land before reaching these places . 
  which one 's ? 
  i agree , the eu should focus on punishing poland and hungary not one of europe 's beacon of democracy . 
  this article is so unnecessarily inflammatory . 
  it 's as if someone at ft asked `` how can we use this non-issue to hit every nerve in brexit britain ? '' . 
  it reminds me of [ this comedy skit . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3bo6gp9nmy ), 
  you should be happy to even be included in these , do n't push your luck buddy . 
  i 'm glad federalism has someone like you representing it . 
  that way we 'll never have to worry about it ever gaining a foothold . 
  yeah , they must be referring to kazakhstan or japan or smth . 
  what is this `` eastern euorpe '' people keep going on about . 
  i know they secretly desire us in a homosexual way but refuse to admit it . 
  our permanent opt-out is the will of our people . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  most sources put us at around what this diagram shows ( who has us at 13 % e.g. ), 
  i do n't know where you got 20 something from . 
  first time `` have you tried turning it off and on again '' would have made things worse . 
  you have the same score , no ? 
  i bet a lot of polish people think they dodged a bullet, 
  [ screenshot of the article ] ( http://imgur.com/rmex8op ), 
  not even close to as much as we get from the uk if you search for `` uk unemployment '' or greece and germany on this subreddit you can even see that it gets posted here much more than any other country . 
  does it really deserve another thread everytime it moves a percentile ? 
  it 's not relevant , it 's not like britain has struggled with unemployment . 
  it does n't even have the lowest levels of unemployment in europe . 
  getting really tired of this spam . 
  no other country in europe gets as much crap spammed over and over again as the uk here . 
  is today the day they dress up in silly clothes or is that some other day ? 
  ** eu ministers pile pressure on warsaw over justice reforms ** eu ministers have rounded on poland and demanded that warsaw reopen talks with brussels over reforms to its justice system . 
  countries including france , germany and belgium criticised poland for its conduct during a long-running dispute with the european commission over changes to the country 's top court , during an `` intensive '' meeting on tuesday . 
  the surprisingly large number of firm responses from other eu ministers piled diplomatic pressure on warsaw , which has grown increasingly isolated in brussels . 
  germany said it had `` great concerns '' over the independence of poland 's judiciary following the reforms , according to one account of the meeting . 
  measures introduced by poland 's ruling law and justice party would allow the government to determine which verdicts the supreme court makes public . 
  the commission has also criticised the `` unconstitutional '' nominations of some judges , including the president of the constitutional tribunal . 
  belgium raised the prospect of limiting polish access to the eu budget unless it allayed concerns about its judicial independence . 
  when this proposal was brought up at a recent meeting of eu leaders , it resulted in a row between beata szydlo , the polish prime minister , and fran\u00e7ois hollande , the former french president . 
  britain , however , avoided criticising warsaw , arguing that countries had a right to pursue `` their own democratic agenda '' . 
  one diplomat attacked the british position : `` it demonstrated that brexit is more important than democracy , '' they said . 
  hungary spoke up on behalf of poland . 
  but slovakia and czech republic , which both share strong links with poland as part of the visegrad bloc of eastern and central european countries , stopped short of offering support , according to diplomats familiar with the discussions . 
  the commission can trigger article 7 , which would allow warsaw 's voting rights as a member state to be suspended if it thinks a breach of the rule of law is severe and persistent . 
  such a move would have to be approved by member states and the european parliament . 
  speaking after the meeting , frans timmermans , the commissioner who has led talks with poland for the past 18 months , said : `` all the tools are in the toolbox and if we need to use a tool in the toolbox , then the commission is free to do so . '' although the commission put forward a host of recommendations to poland in december , they have been ignored . 
  bert koenders , dutch foreign minister , said : `` there was an intensive debate . 
  it was very to the point . 
  there is support for the commission to strengthen the dialogue . 
  poland has been asked to take it seriously . '', 
   in 2015 , meps adopted a resolution calling on the commission to activate the eu 's rule of law procedure against orb\u00e1n 's government . 
  it 's right there in the article . 
  i 'm happy for them . 
  they 're simply reporting on the actions of the european parliament & commission , i do n't know what you 're getting at with your comment . 
  everything 's coming up portugal !, 
  since its inception ... ? 
  i do n't know what kind of interpretation of nationalism you hold but it 's pretty commonly understood that the eu is the antithesis to nationalism . 
  that 's fucked up if true . 
  / r/europe 's residential brexiters are * fast *, 
  why are you so offended ? 
  yes but for every dollar you earn in prague you earn 10 in oslo . 
  an idealistic move i presume ? 
  i can not see how this will benefit us . 
  this is bendy bananas level of stupid . 
  it would be pretty scandalous , using bribery to accomplish simple and necessary reform and rob ema from countries more deserving can only help euro-skeptic parties further push the picture of an inept and unequal organisation . 
  global warming ca n't come sooner , fuck this weather ... edit : it was a joke people stop replying lol, 
  this whole single market thing was not very thought out , was it ? 
  hard to sympathize with a tax haven that has enjoyed so much privilege at the expense of others . 
  got ta side with spain on this one . 
  wait . . did dutch people really wear wooden shoes ?!, 
  i was referring to the tax arrangements . 
  ah ok i thought it was only from the efsf, 
  that was your euro friends . 
  and after the huge bailout payed to ireland by other eu countries !, 
  they bloody well should , their entire economy is propped up by ireland leeching off of europe . 
  can it really be a map of central europe without kazakhstan though ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   [ agriculture includes farming , fishing , and forestry . 
  industry includes mining , manufacturing , energy production , and construction . 
  services cover government activities , communications , transportation , finance , and all other private economic activities that do not produce material goods . 
  ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/docs/notesanddefs.html?fieldkey=2012&amp;term=gdp%20-%20composition,%20by%20sector%20of%20origin ) this is their breakdown taken from the site . 
  mining is industry . 
  [ central europe ... ] ( http://imgur.com/kriqkws ) edit : lol, 
  do n't bother he is from r/the _ idiot, 
  this is not the way to go to get a good trade deal for yourself . 
  she 's playing a dangerous game for short term political gain . 
  the last time britain had cake and could afford to eat it too . . 
  catalonia wo n't be a member state if it gains independence and if spains veto the accession talks it will never be . 
  which means it will never have ema as an independent state and it would have to be relocated again . 
  were n't ema the ones that went on and on about the pains of relocating and uprooting , now they wa n't to go to a place that might not even be in the eu in a couple of years ? 
  quite the opposite , no one but poland and hungary has criticized macron for his words and no other country has come to their aide .
