  yes , but their job is n't to destroy anything , it 's to convince others . 
  and you of course are the sole arbiter to judge which media is biased and only accept one sides opinions , all this without having to use any arguments whatsoever . 
  yes , of course . 
  the media is bad because you do n't agree with it . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  because having everyone follow the basic principles of democracy would be destroying european diversity and make everyone into a clone / s. 
  the eu already has judges designed to tackle exactly these specific issues . 
  honestly why do you even have the eu flag as your flair ? 
  the eu needs to make sure that these countries do n't stand above the values of the union . 
  poland receives the most money from the eu and should be stripped of all of it , or have their membership put on suspension . 
  we ca n't have a situation where countries think they can do whatever they want just because they qualified to get in once . 
  people are already getting wise on the institutional failings of the eu . 
  the eu needs to get on the right path and do it quickly to not risk disenfranchising more people and open up more avenues to populism . 
  `` with headquarters in a tax haven '' * , that 's the relevant part which ironically show more of european disunity than anything else . 
  the greek kid was cut out after he fainted from the sight of all the euro 's on the table . 
  so many apologists ... sad , but not unexpected . 
  to me it looks like the republicans are serious about reigning in trump . 
  you lost them in a war 300 - years ago between * kings * . 
  get over it . 
  you need to look up the definition of data , it can never be the absence of evidence by nature of it being something with values . 
  you 're comments are starting to resemble a monty python sketch . 
  you cant claim the data does not support something while also claiming there is no data . 
  it 's not correct at all . 
  absence of data is not data . 
  `` the data does not support it '' does not infer an absence of evidence all it can infer is [ evidence of absence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ ) , `` there is no data to support it '' is absence of evidence . 
  if data shows something to be false then the is no lack of evidence . 
  if i claim the data does n't support it then i 've established that there * is * evidence - ** the bloody data ** how hard is it to understand . 
  have the british taken to redefining the word proof now ? 
  there is clearly no lack of evidence here , data is data . 
  if he claims `` the data does not support it '' then he uses proof to claim something aka proving something . 
  if he uses it to claim something is false then that is * disproving * it . 
  if he claims `` the data does not support it '' then he uses proof to claim something aka proving something . 
  if he uses it to claim something is false then that is * disproving * it . 
  you need to read it again then . 
  claiming that it 's not supported by the data is clearly trying to disprove it and since his statement is also false i have to assume that his selective interpretation is a disagreement . 
  you seem to have confused disagreeing with disproving . 
  / u/juppertry is right , and your comment is a perfect example of the level of discussion one can expect on / r/sweden . 
  i think a lot of people 's image of britain undoubtedly changed this year . 
  it must have felt like alice in wonderland for any neutral briton . 
  their famous national stereotype of being calm and collected stoicists probably took the biggest hit . 
  we are liked by the good guys and hated by the bad ones , i 'll take it . 
  the best part is belarus `` an estimate based on demographics '', 
   saying `` never expected that from a british '' you ca n't just put things in quotes and not have the correct quote , that 's incredibly deceiving . 
  that is an awful analogy , obama never had the power to pass the affordable care act without the opposition . 
  he knew that . 
  nya karolinska was proposed and executed by the people that had power and control over the project . 
  the city council of stockholm as well as the government were right wing when this disaster was under scrutiny and could be averted . 
  * both * either failed or looked the other way though . 
  they did n't just control the government but more importantly the stockholm city council as well , but you 're right , having them take responsibility would just be wrong and this is surely a problem that could be blamed on everyone / s, 
  yes , and instead of fixing this problem our right wing politicians that were in power decided to spend money on a [ ridiculously expensive prestige project instead . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_karolinska_solna_university_hospital ), 
  why risk it when we can let others do the beta testing . 
  it 's not like it 's some previously undiscovered human right despite what some people make it out to be , lol . 
  the nation states and their cooperation * are * the eu . 
  ccctb is a start , but right now it 's only a proposal that looks unlikely to pass . 
  why should one country take to themselves to create a patchwork fix for a system consisting of many other countries . 
  they 're part of the single market and that 's where the problem lies so it 's up to those that govern it to fix the problem . 
  also , if every government were as `` efficient and effective '' as ireland , ireland would be dirt poor . 
  ireland is dependent on everyone else not lowering themselves to their level . 
  as long as ireland and other tax havens exist inside the european union , the concept of fairness wont . 
  no , the fault lies with the eu for creating a broken system . 
  a system that relies on the morals of individual countries to not abuse it , instead of collective laws . 
  it 's na\u00efve at best and equally corrupt at worst to not assume that some are rotten enough and willing enough to sell everyone else out for easy gain . 
  i 'll remain against the eu until i see them bringing forth a solution to these parasitic tax havens . 
  it 's an embarrassment that a crony state like luxembourg holds the european court of justice . 
  and of course feeling that guns are somehow necessary has nothing to do with the `` culture of fear '' . 
  guns per capita means nothing , it 's how many gun * owners * there are that matters . 
  the populace is already disarmed , the vast majority of people do n't own guns and calling it `` victim disarmament '' laws is just rediculous . 
  this thread is gon na get nuked when europe wake 's up . 
  they have no power here . 
   this proposal is just an attempt to earn some popularity points do you not think that politicians trying to score political points with gun legislation is a point of concern ? 
  yeah ... if that 's your definition of `` well '' then we 'd do well to not import it here . 
  i can see how that would be the case if you live in a corrupt country with an incompetent police and no public trust in the government . 
  well they did n't give us the expression polish parliament for nothing . 
  i think they chose to only include important cities in europe while also trying to cast a wider net . 
  we probably got to represent the nordic countries in this study . 
  it 's a world ranking , you 're bound to mislead people if you 're gon na try to extrapolate the safest city in europe from a study with a world scope . 
  they 're obviously not going to be enough cites they studied in europe to make such an assessment . 
  exactly . 
  there are no statements no matter how much you want there to be . 
  why is this even getting upvoted ?!, 
  of course she has n't do you seriously believe she would still have a job if she did ? 
  it means that you have little to no experience of the swedish media while making sweaping generalizations . 
  you tell me it 's nonsens but immediatly after admit to them being bias . 
  and then argue that it 's ok because you 're telling me , while brandishing a czech flag , that we have the same standards in sweden ... ? 
   i hope you enjoy shariah . 
  is that a sister of shakira that i have n't heard of ? 
  because if she sounds anything like shakira then i 'm sure i would . 
  so being against israel is the same as being anti-simitic now ? 
  or are we just throwing bad words around and hoping they stick to something ? 
   it 's not like swedens opinions on the conflict matter or are particularly well informed . 
  evidently the article you yourself posted disproves the first statement and as for the second i can see how it would look that way if all you ever read is from that site that reads out of something you 'd get from china 's state news , how they try to shove their opinions down the readers throat so immodestly . 
  we wo n't be fed the same bs the israelis are feeding the americans with . 
  i 'm glad she 's communicating that message . 
  she 's proven that she can stand up for our values . 
  she does n't sell them out or hide them away as soon as the public is n't looking . 
  she represents us well and i hope she runs for pm in the future . 
  that 's exactly what they fear . 
  i think you 're continuing to pull things from thin air to sustain this fantasy in your mind where you somehow make sense . 
  i deleted it because i realized how futile it would be to get into an argument with you , just like you keep proving over and over again .
