  we really ca n't afford to be anything but ruthless against the uk , imo . 
  they found a way to convince italians to attach spring coils to their hands to generate electricity when they speak . 
  `` it 's his fault our justice system is a joke around the world ! '', 
  not good for the people downvoting the thread though , lol . 
  you 've only got yourselves to blame for that . 
  wtf is up with spain and train crashes ?!, 
  damn i thought our state rail company sucked , maybe i should be more grateful that we do n't have yearly disasters ... 
  j'aime la france , je tres tres aime la france, 
  czech architects makes the same as swedish ones , which is interesting , but holy shit why do engineers accept such low pay when there 's so much demand for engineers everywhere in the west . 
  `` how dare they make unpatriotic publications ! '', 
  the authoritarian fickleness of the us is probably what has put us off joining for a long time , and trump might have put the final nail in that coffin as well . 
  i failed , yes !, 
  this story gets more and more absurd and misleading every time this blog reports on it . 
  `` solidarity '' is code for bending the rules if anyone missed that . 
  for international tourists ? 
  i think so , travelling is expensive . 
  there 's really nothing interesting in malm\u00f6 . 
  it 's a rundown industrial city , without interesting architecture or attractions . 
  imo the only countries where you * need * to take the time to visit the different regions are france and italy . 
  if you 've visited stockholm then you have a pretty good picture of sweden , definitely not malm\u00f6 though . 
  edit : guys you have to consider the limitations of a tourist , stockholm is of course not the be-all and end-all of sweden but you ca n't expect people travel to the arctic circle to experience sweden ... 
  this is not a one off thing , it happens a lot in this sub . 
  did n't take long for eastern european trolls to make it about macron , lol . 
  the employees of the company they outsourced to . 
  they do n't know if anything actually got leaked only that it could have been because the employees theoretically had access to it since the information was allegedly just sitting in a server . 
  i do n't know if that constitutes as a leak since we do n't know if the information has passed any hands as of yet . 
  [ here 's a professional article by sr if someone 's interested ] ( http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=6740394 ) , there has n't been confirmed that there was a leak , only that people without security clearance had access to the information . 
  ikea 's corporate structure is an art form in and of itself , it 's so hard to know specifically who owns what . 
  and all of this for tax reasons of course . 
  forbes just has a more conservative air tight formula , i think , but it 's pretty obvious that since he still controls ikea that his wealth is much much more than that . 
  before he started doing this he was valued at 33 billion usd by forbes . 
  that was in 2007 and ikea has grown * a lot * since then . 
  3.4 billion is not even close to his actual wealth it 's more like upwards of 40 billion usd or much more . 
  [ bloomberg has him at 43 billion usd ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/billionaires/profiles/ingvar-kamprad/ ) . 
  the 3.4-3 .5 figure is just an estimate from forbes own formula for calculation . 
  it should be though , he is way richer than stefan persson . 
  how can a study made with such a loose and unreliable methodology as personal judgement make so many claims of the subject authors intent and motives . 
  even the most stringent studies made with actual scientific methodology hold off on that . 
  the limit is there for the reason that people should not be uncertain if they can drive or not . 
  you do n't drink and then get behind the wheels , simple as that , no `` hmm , maybe i can still drive '' and then an accident occurs because someone overestimated themselves . 
  the entire union needs to turn on the v4 , they 're single-handedly arguing the uk 's case . 
  more and more westerners are going to come out saying they simply do n't want to be in a union with those countries . 
  you 're right , as a western european i assumed that it was implied . 
  yes it does , what kind of ~ ~ question ~ ~ statement is that lol edot : eastern , western culture clash, 
  soundcloud is swedish . 
  if they manage to send themselves to outer space it would be a solid win-win for everyone . 
  why ... ? 
  this literally came out of nowhere . 
  what bs speak is this : `` careful and thorough delibiration '' , have you visited their site ? 
  it 's the same crap that always been there . 
  you 're welcome eastern europe . 
  did everyone in europe learn french over night or is everyone here circlejerking over a title like usual in / r/europe , where is the translation ? 
  it 's at least not gypsy magic anymore , an improvement ... ? 
  unbelievable that this sub can even make the topic of fish fingers turn into a complete circlejerk ... 
  it was a shortsighted and idealistic decision to turn it into a minority language . 
  they came as immigrants after ww2 up until the 80 's and then it pretty much stopped and now they 're dying off and their children have become indistinguishable from swedes . 
  there was never going to be a sustained argument for allocating resources and money to accommodate them . 
  edit : it 's just easier to downvote than to actually make a counter argument , is n't it ? 
  never change / r/europe . 
  they remove shitty bait articles because people do n't bother with context and only read titles . 
  then the comment section turns into a complete jerk-fest that 's doing more to ruin this place than the mods . 
  that is a stupid diagram , both data points just mirror each other , why not just have one . 
  well that 's not actually a real university , hence `` clandestine '' . 
  hahaha , no . 
  it 's a bad deal enough as it is . 
  the only positives for sweden , or the rest of the nordics comes from the free movement of goods and services . 
  everything else about the eu is a negative . 
  why would we agree to federalization ? 
  the baltics are very keen on other countries throwing away their sons and fathers lives to defend them . 
  no consideration at all of the price they 're asking others to shoulder for them . 
  what are you talking about i see only eastern european countries and greece . 
  wtf has become of the bbc . 
  reporting on twitter rants from disgruntled feminists , is that seriously news ? 
  last time i checked denmark did not have anything resembling nature . 
  do they solely live off of cattle ? 
  right ? 
  why should we care about climate change , it 's only gon na get better for us . 
  as they should , morals over loyalty . 
  this is gossip ... 
  how can it be narcissistic if it was n't even he who said it but some other unnamed `` source '' . 
  at least judge the man by his own words ... 
   france !, 
  ftfy, 
  i 'm interested in finding out if air guns/bb guns are calculated in this statistic . 
  birthplace of the * norwegian * national writer ludvig holberg . 
  wtf are you talking about , most swedes does n't even know the law exists . 
  if you 'd ask any normal guy on the streets i bet they 'd be all for it though , we 're pretty zero tolerance with guns . 
  you 'd need to be pretty stupid to take a single quote out of the article and try to apply it to a comment related to the whole text and subject as if it 's applicable . 
  but hey if it 's upvoted , it surely must be right . 
  tough shit , it 's a big waste of money and they do n't even have the same status as the sami people who have their own historic lands in sweden . 
  they 're immigrants and children of immigrants . 
  how about they assimilate instead ? 
  the state should n't pay money for these luxuries for any group of people . 
  the place they found it became a roman city in 133 ce , do you think they kicked out all the greeks and filled it with roman citizens by the time the sarcophagus of a greek hero would have been made ? 
  it was obviously a greek city . 
  and they 're returning it to the ones that committed genocide and drove out the people whose culture it belonged to ... ? 
  a good reminder why being environmentally friendly does fuck all if the next guy is willing to ( litteraly ) shit on it . 
  no one 's been claiming anything you 've said and a couple of comments on reddit does not warrant a `` people claim '' . 
  the election had very little to do with brexit specifically but if anything it was the catalyst to the resurgence of young voters which were the big deciders of this election . 
  did the pixels on the convincing legos give it away,
