  shut up mountain swedes . 
  the cathedral dick measuring contest of medieval italy really brought forth some amazing works of architecture . 
  it is a shoddy poll , there 's no option if the polled were unsure . 
  that leaves incredible room to mislead . 
  there was no `` unsure '' option ? 
  leaving one out could potentially make this poll incredibly misleading and useless to judge to potential outcome of a referendum . 
  this is what wikipedia had to say about it : [ `` there would be no change in the constitutional position of northern ireland unless a majority of its people agreed to join the republic '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-irish_agreement ), 
  no one ever asks us for a special relationship :( all our neighbors are a ** holes ... 
  is this what we 're going to have to deal with inside the eu , countries holding it hostage to solve their own domestic problems . 
  the republic needs to accept the fact that n.ireland is is not apart of it and that they do n't want to be . 
  they are a third country and should be treated as such . 
  the eu ca n't just give it special treatment just because the republic ca n't accept this fact . 
  the eu needs a concrete mechanism for removing countries from the unions decision making process . 
  solidarity and compromise is not a legitimate tool to deal with these authoritarian and nationalistic countries . 
  the purple part of sweden ( \u00f6vre norrland ) is home to the largest iron ore mine in the world and the swedish steel industry because they also have access to really cheap hydro energy . 
  are you seriously going to link me a study made by this [ pwc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pricewaterhousecoopers#controversies ) and also the study is for * medium * sized companies , conveniently skipping the big multinational companies that are most likely to use irish tax arrangements . 
  tax base has no meaning if the effective tax rate is magnitudes lower . 
  ireland attracts business for a number of reasons but it so happens to be that the biggest one is their tax arrangements . 
  crumbs are more than enough if your population is only 5 million siphoning off a market of 514 million people . 
  it 's a tax haven . 
  say what you will about southern europeans and their fiscal irresponsibility at least they never considered the option to parasite on the rest of us and then gloat over their own self importance . 
  we can not let the danish language spread , sorry , but we 're going to have to burn your country to the ground ... 
  now i know what my entry is gon na be for the netherlands next time we get a how to easily offend other europeans thread , lol . 
  that 's definitely fake news . 
  so he is an `` ikea driver '' because he happens to drive goods for them among other retailers , he is not the driver of the company that actually employs him and exploits the loopholes . 
  right , why report accurately when you can mislead for those extra clicks . 
  quality journalism bbc . 
  they 're aiming to trigger article 7 . 
  admitting that this report is true would be for the uk to admit that they are completely powerless and at the mercy of the eu . 
  you have to imagine how inconceivable that sounds to the people that voted for brexit . 
  please , are we not allowed to call a duck a duck anymore ? 
  they are stupid and they 'll face the consequences for it , the americans that depend on obamacare that voted for trump , those believing trump would `` drain the swamp '' and seeing him fill his cabinet through the teeth with people with conflict of interests . 
  the working and middle class british that voted against `` globalism '' now staring at the prospect of their country turning into a laissez-faire capitalist tax haven . 
  they are stupid and their mistakes will be a word of caution for europeans not to fall for the cheap theatrics and unattainable promises of populists . 
  bless you . 
  if he means fast tracking visa free travel negotiations for them then fine but if he thinks we should let british people have anything more than that , to settle or live wherever they want or even traveling without roaming fees inside the eu after brexit then he is completely delusional . 
  giving them benefits which serve to make * their * citizens more competitive against ours inside * our * market has to be completely off the table . 
  the eu already has such a low labour movement compared to countries like the us as is without making non-citizens more attractive . 
  you 've interpreted my comment wrong . 
  in all seriousness it would be pretty sad to see country tear itself apart over such a stupid issue as brexit . 
  deserving or not it could easily have been avoided but such is the nature of nationalism . 
  this entire debacle raises a lot of questions . 
  brexit ca n't come sooner , and i assume this also potentially ties in with the uk helping the chinese dump steel in the eu as well . 
  you have to wonder what kind of relationship those two have had towards the eu . 
  tl ; dr `` it depends upon what the meaning of the word ` is ' is '', 
  yeah , but you tell me if those are n't the bendiest 85 pages you 've ever seen . 
  it would be nice if we had some context to the figures because they do not seem to be following current trends at all . 
  yay , parasites like your country are one of the biggest issues plaguing this union , yay !, 
  i would n't trust the stats for norway , i 've heard that even the butter is spiked with something performance enhancing over there . 
  and we actually have a lower amount of road accidents per 100.000 people than norway and the rest of europe . 
  we are never going to federalize , people in this sub should accept reality and give up . 
  that idea died in 2004 . 
  no he was n't , you 're so full of shit , he specifically said `` last night * in sweden * '' . 
  more like sweden-denmark , sweden-norway and sweden-finland . 
  a castle more famous for french renaissance architecture than anything in france , lol . 
  can we also try switching ireland with canada while we 're thinking about scotland and switzerland ? 
  let 's see them produce valuable companies like unicorns before we start praising them for raising money . 
  really ? 
  because last time i checked eastern europe was made up of independent states . 
  the west has a history of capitalizing on russia 's callapses just as much as russia has a history of collapsing . 
  we 'll just do it again . 
  russia has always either been collapsing or been in a state of moving towards an unavoidable collapse for the past 100 years . 
  * it is * the modus operandi of russia . 
  all we have to do is wait them out . 
  i expect crimea will return to the ukraine when one of russia 's usual collapses occurs . 
  they 'll keep it at the cost of their economy and their people and we 'll pry it off their cold dead hands when the time comes . 
  we are not in the business of appeasing warmongers . 
  downvoted , sweden last . 
  this is not like california where you could go see a doctor and complain about `` headaches or anxiety '' and get cannabis . 
  people understand that it 's medicinal and that it 's the actual reason they 're prescribing it . 
  if it was medicinal cannabis like california it would never have been approved . 
  no , you 're in for a surprise if you believe this is a step towards full legalization . 
  this still has nothing to do with the effects of brexit like everyone seems to think here . 
  they 're revising their predictions based on the fallout of the referendum i.e. 
  the years prior to brexit . 
  every swede loses when they choose to degrade our values like that , no gain in jobs will offset the loses to our society if swedes lose trust in what keeps us together . 
  god , that was an awful host . 
  he seemed more interested in being the antagonist than creating actual discussion with conclusions to be taken from . 
  the point about insecurity was pretty pathetic aswell , i ca n't believe the bbc has stooped so low . 
  you ca n't even understand the logic of your own comment ... 
  no wonder your country is going to shit , i do n't want what you call `` good beer '' . 
  look at you resorting to cowering and lashing out like a child because you just ca n't process how shit your beer is . 
  did reality come crashing down on you ? 
  that comment had the same amount of substance as american piss water . 
  the americans craft brewing scene is among the worst in the world , that is a well established fact . 
  you could ask anyone with a shred of taste and they 'd all say it belonged in the urinal . 
  this is like the `` world series '' all over again , americans competing with their awful beer among themselves thinking the winner of their local piss fest is somehow `` the best '' . 
  right ? 
  who 's gon na complain about that . 
  yeah ... please put us last we do n't like trump . 
  okay , that makes sense . 
  is n't parliament the one that makes those laws ? 
  are they telling the government to purposely hinder people from filing for asylum under danish laws ? 
  the more important point is how many scots are going to want out after brexit . 
  big chance its just people from backwards countries or their children that accounts for the 5 % , could be wrong though i dont really know who they 've asked the question to . 
  you have to take all circumstances in account . 
  no one is willing to gamble the european project on the virtues of a currency , * no one * . 
  not only is it politically tenable it is necessary for the union . 
  pressuring countries to join the euro is not an option the eurozone has . 
  this is the realpolitik situation we have in the eu and when they wrote the paraghraph `` obliging '' countries to adopt it , they knew exactly that .
