  i rest my case . 
  if this is obvious censorship , any form of regulation or law is an obvious violation of someone 's autonomy or ability to do whatever they want . 
  do you not see how obviously stupid this line of thinking is ? 
  no , it could clearly be the government safeguarding the health of their citizens . 
  when things like this gets to go unchecked we get children dying of polio all over again . 
  calling it censorship is childish , a debate needs to happen without rediculous accusations like that . 
  is the cake thing still going on ... ? 
  that meme is so old ... ugh , it 's like the eurovision all over again , sometimes i wonder if other european countries are even trying ... . panettone all the way though , it 's delicious and goes great with my evening coffee . 
  he does n't suggest anything , he says nothing that 's not already been parroted endlessly by the uk government . 
  he weaseled himself out of making a meaningful answer , and he did it with a grin on his face , disgusting if you ask me . 
  nothing about that looks `` steadily '' it shows clearly that immigration from the eu to britain has been affected mostly by big events such as the accession of new countries into the eu . 
   has some of the best roads outside of the first world * ftfy, 
  i 've started to notice that spain is starting to do really well on rankings these days for some reason , new nordic confirmed ? 
  thanks !, 
  edit : okay i seem to have grasped why we were put below kenya , we have higher standards ... that 's basically it is n't it ? 
  for example the question : `` if you were in trouble , do you have relatives or friends you can count on ? '', 
  if a population were more inclined to seek professional help instead of their acquaintances they would get a lower score which results in them being seen as less `` prosperous '' by the rankings . 
  this seems like a huge problem in the methodology . 
  what is their definition of social capital ? 
  what makes sweden such an outlier that we 've found ourselves so far down and behind kenya on this list ? 
  our cultural similarities with the danes and norwegians you 'd think should have put us closer to eatchother but somehow they found a difference that put us 10 ranking below them . 
  you seriously do n't know anything about economics if you think that the reason you 'll be able to pay for these services is because you used to be a net contributer . 
  who are you going to tax ? 
  the companies that are going to face a wall of tarrifs and regulation ? 
  the banks who you chopped the hands off by taking away their passporting right ? 
  the people whose money are now worth even less ? 
  completely delusional . 
  that is incredibly inefficient and would create a huge burocratic nightmare , and thats not accounting the huge amount of powers that would have to be given to the eu to make it work . 
  there are reasons why no economy in the world does it like that , people are much easier to move than companies and much easier to accomodate than new laws . 
  freedom of movement of labour is necessary to make the rest work , if we had a market where some countries could just siphon off other countries it would amount to nothing but colonization . 
  for a market to work people have to be able to move where there is growth and oppurtunities to balance the economy of the market . 
  * thats * why it 's good and * that 's * why it 's necessesary . 
  it 's not a price , it 's a prerequisite . 
  the idea of `` might is right '' is fundamentally a fascist idea which is what he was alluding to . 
  you 're so full of shit but still get upvotes ... love this place . 
  you seem to have no understanding at all of what the eu is or what your part is in it . 
  firstly , whoever told that the eu was `` supposed '' to be about economic regulation and market consolidation probably havent tuned into the news once these past * decades * and secondly , you 're not a member so obviously you get no say in the matters concerning the eu and it is completely within the eu 's right to impose legislation on you because that 's what * you * agreed to . 
  you 're effectively blaming the eu for a situation you put yourselves in . 
  and bending the rules . 
  democratic and social values , corruption and criminality , are very important differences between western and eastern countries . 
  we let the uk leave because we did n't want to hurt the feelings of ee by reforming fom . 
  we pretend like there 's no difference between the 20.000 swedes living in the uk and the 800.000 poles e.g. 
  but there clearly is and the uk thinks so but instead of letting them control * this * `` invasion '' , to put it in popular terms , we default to thinking everyone is equal therefore if 20.000 swedes have to right to live in the uk then 800.000 poles do too . 
  you 're overestimating your own position in europe . 
  eastern europe is the biggest beneficiary of ` all cultures are equal ' and ` multiculturalism ' . 
  you 're quoting her lawyer ... our government has not made any such promises . 
  who are these entitled idiots trying to affect the work of * our * government agencies , wtf ? 
  lol , none of that is true . 
  you 're just quoting what some unrelated person said in the article . 
  do young people from these countries have any incentive to get a job or study ? 
  they seem to be able to live off their parents well into adulthood . 
  no one here would ever want to be caught living with their parents at 25 , and our housing market is completely fucked as well . 
  what about eastern europeans though ? 
  the arrogance and entitlement exuding from the article ... 
  this article is just poison to any healthy discourse . 
  the bataclan weapons came from slovakia . 
  would n't surprise me if it was the opposite , every time an alt-right nutjob opens their mouth we climb a couple of more points . 
  brussels would n't , they have their heads to far up their asses regarding an eu superstate . 
  the rest of we though ? 
  definitely . 
  it would be a good way to safeguard the future of the eu if poland was not in it . 
   foodnet collected data from 15 % of the us population . 
  you should take your number for the us times 650 % and you might get a good estimate . 
   foodnet collected data from 15 % of the us population . 
  his source is beyond flawed , it 's a small study with no claim to be making a nationwide statistic . 
  he takes his frustration out on minorities . 
  we 'll gun them down in the streets like the dogs they are and sell their mothers and daughters to romanian traffickers ... this is how you do secessionism right ? 
  tl ; dr you 're wrong . 
  long version : `` the increase was driven by a sharp rise in capital investment , which jumped by 3.8 per cent . 
  goods production also increased by a healthy 3 per cent , while service-producing industries increased output by 1.7 per cent . '', 
  from [ this ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/bc1712a2-7b64-3420-baa2-ec9a5c22fe0a ) article in ft, 
  you 're forgetting the scenario where the price is * paid * and the benefit is * not * gained and choosing between 2 scenarios where the price is paid in both but only one option where there 's a benefit . 
  i would take cholera over ebola does that mean that i want cholera ? 
  a price can be worth paying if one option is less bad than another , you ca n't decipher what they want since `` worth '' is relative . 
  haha , i would have liked to see ireland pay 2 % of their gdp but lucky for them they 're not in nato , that would have been incredibly costly . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm starting to get the picture of how brexit came about , lol . 
  2 % of little is little , easy decision there . 
  if it 's nominal and not corrected for purchasing power it 's even more of an easy decision since they have double the gdp per capita in ppp compared to nominal . 
   you need to read through the question a couple of more times then . 
  it does not make any allusions to what the asked want to happen . 
   you need to read through the question a couple of more times then . 
  it does not make any allusions to what the asked want to happen . 
  you need to read through the question a couple of more times then . 
  it does not make any allusions to what the asked want to happen . 
  where does it say they want damage to the uk ? 
  that seems more like your own extremism speaking though your selective retention ... 
  our politicians do not have the charisma or competence to persuade anyone , what were they thinking . 
  hdi uses gdp per capita though ... 
  show em ' the way to vestager 's bdsm dungeon please . 
  wish we did n't waste so much money on crap that do n't concern us . 
  every industry has it 's own negatives and positives scale for free trade and the automotive industry is one industry where the negatives far out way the positives . 
  every developed country protects it 's own car industry . 
  the us made themselves the decision to allow their cars to be built in mexico for close to no cost . 
  trumps beef is with nafta here . 
  punitive tariffs are a thing you know , the eu does n't have to tolerate anything . 
  it is a protectionist trade bloc and this is one of those areas where it 's very beneficial to be just that . 
  this is something that the eu could really benefit from by attracting the industry that could be leaving the uk . 
  i hope the trade commissioner plays her cards right . 
  manufacturing industry is so hard to come by for developed countries but they provide so many jobs .
