good for him and good for everyone , more heaven less hell . 
  the russia hatred from mainstream media lately is ... interesting at least . 
  you people realize you are being conditioned in creating an enemy ? 
  no you do n't , of course not . 
  i wo n't participate or support any wars and agression against anyone , while most of you will become accomplices of the dark future , knowingly or unknowingly you will be responsbile ultimately because you supported this . 
  never forget , that you choose between fear and love in every moment of your life . 
  that feeling on the autobahn , when there suddenly is a corner that was never there before ... 
  opportunity makes the thief . 
  secretly they do . 
  who does n't love germany ? 
  always funny when people think the communal fleshlight is something else than art . 
  ahh , the original burning man . 
  pagan rituals . 
  it 's like budapest was in some kind of beauty sleep for the last decades while under the rule of the communists . 
  you see all those great architecture and buildings buried under dirt because there was no money to maintain and care for them perfectly . 
  now it can bloom , boom and flourish again , and join the modern world . 
  i really thought romania would be way higher . 
  guess they just have a lot of old natural forrests . 
  ha , my grandfather too escaped soviet captivity and walked by foot back to bavaria . 
  there is no news here , at all . 
  this is celebrity news you see on tmz.com stop behaving like a fucking slave , those politicians are n't worth more than you or me , so why do you fucking care if someone loses his son or cuts his toe nails ? 
  does anyone care about your family problems ? 
  no i do n't give a fuck and neither do i give a fuck about a politician . 
  well said . 
  it 's of absolutely no interest for almost anyone , this is stupid and cheap celebrity news . 
  that shit like this gets upvoted reflects a very low state of development and intelligence of this sub . 
  it shows how easy people get manipulated on a emotional level , very sad . 
  what kind of political propaganda is that ? 
  stop this bullshit right now !, 
  the intro is psychedelic as fuck . 
  cans are only good for cola . 
  were n't a lot of german nobel laureates jewish ? 
  i think at least 10 % to up to 30 % of all german nobel laureates could have been german-jewish . 
  smart people . 
  wow , someone who actually gets what is going on . 
   i 'm sorry , i do n't speak swamp english . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't speak * masterrace * . 
  ** ftfy **, 
  i never laughed so hard from a yt acc . 
  after europe was integrated in the reich we will integrate the us . 
  no one can resist free lifetime access to german bier and automobiles for everyone . 
  we will be fully energy independent with green and renewable energy by 2027 and mars will have a population of 2 million by 2049 . 
  shangri-la awaits . 
  the wheel will be turning the right way again . 
  yeah , no . 
  i think we are going to send you to holiday at our german love camps , where you can concentrate and reflect to find another final solution for the language problem , which will be german . 
  did n't you get the memo mein freund ? 
  we will gradually change the world language to german , after we `` won over '' the hearts of the americans . 
  nothing rolls better of zhe tongue than our beautiful language . 
  lets call it vereintes deutsches reich ? 
  or united german reich ? 
  or 4th reich ? 
  they where good christians . 
  / s the girl on the ground is actually the only one who got seriously injured . 
  if you look close you can see the yellow sign literally saved the 2nd person laying under the bus from getting rolled over , because it made the front wheel jump over the body . 
  jesus , it 's a miracle . 
  how did you know ? 
  but yeah , hello fellow dnm-enthuasiast :d, 
  looks like they wanted a building that airplanes ca n't hit easily . 
  i 'm sitting in a wheelchair . 
  i think if we dig up every shit that happenend in history , we all would walk most of the entire year ... 
  yeah , but per capita income in romania in euro is very low , substantially lower . 
  so what exactly are they doing in romania ? 
  yay , we live in eternal hell . 
  this whole world is just a corrupt fucking hellhole . 
  i do n't base my understanding on assumptions . 
  nevermind , i wish you and your family only the best . 
  not everyone in auschwitz was jewish ... or are you mad because i 'm german ? 
  why was he in auschwitz ? 
  in a functional society people want to work . 
  and yes , like i said , social capitalism is the best . 
  sorry , i have not the will to point out your ignorant views . 
  welfare does n't make people not want to work more than in a pressure based society , actually it 's good and healthy for a society and an economy which is based like central and northern europe on equality and freedom . 
  they used the best of both , being social but competitive at the same time . 
  in germany is universal welfare ; you get paid a nice flat , heat , water and enough money to spend for electricity , food and hobbies . 
  and of course universal payable health-care , which is normal in the developed world - except the us , which ruins peoples lives for breaking an arm or what ever can happen . 
  socialistic capitalism is the only thing that works as we can see in central and northern europe . 
  the rest is either extremes like the us which unlimited capitalism makes the entire world suffer and their own population partially enslaved , left-behind and suppressed , or leftist extremes like communism or authoritative regimes and oligarchies . 
  no one in this world is right , we live in the fucking hell inside eternity . 
  the killing will never stop and the comfort and relative peace is just a way so we can suffer even more in the next swipe . 
  and we only have peace , because we in the west suppress and kill our brothers around the poor world . 
  and when you get killed you will be reborn and killed again , forever and ever . 
  welcome to hell . 
  which lesson would that be ? 
  100kg you make in one season for perhaps 20k $ investment for indoor equipment and all you need . 
  if you do it outdoor , it costs a fraction , perhaps about $ 5k ... and even if you lets say have a gardener which you give 100k a year to do the job it would not nearly be 3,5 m $ ... 
  oil is # 1 import of the us . 
  google it on various sources , moron . 
  well , i agree with `` fallacy of the mean '' . 
  but again , for the occupy movement rt just confirmed not only my observations , but also independent and activist media . 
  did you for instance hear anything in the us about the guy that made suicide in front of the white house protesting : `` tax the 1 % '' ? 
  even if you heard of it , no mainstream media covered it . 
  and you tell me your media is free and independent ? 
  no , it is selective , controlled and streamlined . 
  people take such unbelievable actions and sacrifices , and all they get in the mainstream is mockery and silence . 
  i do n't trust * trust * or have faith in it , but i extract truth because i understand what their intentions are and where they come from . 
  and i do n't just use rt as information for lets say the occupy media coverage , i also get informed by independent media , german media , us media , israeli ( haaretz ) , presstv ( iran ) , aljazeera ( arabic/qatar ) and then i get the bigger picture . 
  and all i am trying to tell you is , that rt was very valuable in that endevour . 
  i get what you are saying but : you can choose to believe in me or only see your negative interpretation of what i am trying to say in english text . 
  the western media is not as free as you might believe .
