  there are strict agendas , codes and limitations what gets out and what not . 
  the ones who own those corporations dictate the agenda and they influence it very strong out of their own interests . 
  also just 2 weeks ago us government secrets where leaked which made clear that us government agencies infiltrated all major news and media organizations for a long time ( since the 50s ) in order to strongly control and influence public opinion . 
  all this is highly sophisticated social engineering and creating a public opinion by false consensus . 
  just think about what # 1 us exports are : weapons ... and # 1 import ? 
  energy ( oil from the middle east ) . 
  now go figure . 
  interesting . 
  care to tell me what your stance is on this take , especially considering you gave me this link ? 
  what do you wan na tell me and what is your stance ? 
  that it 's not always right to just choose the middle by both extremes ? 
  or that the americans are the good guys ? 
  or the russians ? 
  because with rt and the occupy media reflection i chose the middle in a way ; i think the system/capitalism critique of russia is justified , but i also do n't want stalinism or sympathize with the authoritative putin regime . 
  i agree absolutely . 
  you have to understand their reasoning and need always different viewpoints of every situation . 
  i probably did n't make it clear , but i do n't trust rt , but i think you can extract a lot of truth if you understand the whole situation . 
   you are just as mindless if you believe that rt 's reporting on issues outside of russia/ukraine is less propagandistic . 
  that 's exactly what makes it more trustworthy , because you know where they are coming from . 
  everything is propaganda for something . 
  i do n't believe believe rt is trustworthy , i believe i can extract more truth from them on certain topics they try to push . 
  like with the occupy movement , that is the best example i can give you . 
   rt was heavy on the occupy movement because it made america look bad in the eyes of the people who love rt ( the disillusioned teenage westerner ) . 
  exactly !!!, 
  and even though you have to be very critical , do n't you think you will understand more if you know and understand more different and opposing viewpoints ? 
   i.e people like you who think that western free media is `` propaganda '' . 
  it is propaganda , because everything is just an opinion by some soul . 
  western media might still be more objective and free , but do n't you think it is just as rotten as the rest , just way more sophisticated in hiding and explaining itself ? 
  rt is russian state media , i 'm very well aware of that . 
  i trust rt more on things concerning the rest of the world except russia , when it 's about russia , do n't trust russian propaganda , pretty fucking easy . 
  the only ones who reported honest and critically about the occupy movement was rt in america . 
  the entire us media was pretty much in concert mocking this civil rights movement . 
  and the same goes on everywhere in the world , do n't trust state medias , not in europe , the us or russia . 
  they have all become streamlined propaganda tools , private or state side . 
  if they are big , they are bought . 
  just like vice is bought for 2 years or so now . 
  and you idiots actually believe this to be a conspiracy , god you mindless slaves make me sick . 
  i will never drop my standards just because there is even worse shit . 
  your shit does n't make my shit less shit . 
  we have come a long way out of the ugly thing we call civilization , but that does n't mean we are remotely close to how things should be . 
  we already have the production and technology to feed , shelter and care for every human being on earth . 
  but we lack the systems , the politics and a general progress of society to make that a reality . 
  your standards might be low for good reasons , but my standards are high because i am a dreamer - and i am not the only one . 
   this coming from a guy with a nickname `` red terrorist '' yeah , that is totally my name . 
  / s and no , i do n't agree with your classification of what an authoritarian government is , that 's the whole point . 
  i have seen how even the best government we have is not nearly enough , you are still begging for breadcrumbs . 
  moscow is not authoritarian , moscow is criminal . 
  you peoples understanding of liberty , freedom and humanism is astonishing . 
  no , those are the people that already demonstrate against an authoritarian government . 
  [ ... ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/000/554/facepalm.jpg ), 
  their humor is probably to low for our superior intellect to be considered funny . 
  lets make war . 
  i have no idea ? 
  perhaps they would hang themselves without the eu ? 
  he acts like holding sticks but there are no sticks ? 
  i think we discovered a major conspiracy here . 
   `` let 's be allies with russia ! '', 
  i 'm sure that was never really a choice . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  i rather have an honest opinion than some pc bs . 
   hungary why hungary btw ? 
  i 'm not good in history . 
  but if i tell you in a conversation without trying to be condescening that i think romania is shit you would beat me up ? 
  if someone told me he thinks germany is shit i would try to understand what his criticism is and not just slap him in the face . 
  that 's archaic . 
  so if a little syrian girl told you she does n't like romania you would beat her up ? 
  how is that different from a neo-nazi ? 
  i do n't know if you are familiar , but in germany those people run around and beat up people because they are different . 
   ... you 're german and you do n't understand why the concept of nationalism exists ? 
  sorry , what do you mean ? 
  nationalism is a wrong and limiting , why do you support such an excludatory and fascistic ideology ? 
  so you would beat up asylum seeker who would want to come to romania ? 
  i really do n't understand why at this day and age people still think it 's okay to beat up people under the ideology of nationalism . 
   romanians are shit i quoted you there . 
  so you are saying romania is shit ? 
  i never said romanians are shit . 
  yeah , you rather burn to death while dancing . 
  i would say hard feelings on both sides . 
  who the hell would want to go to romania ? 
  ah ok , i always wondered why it 's on many walls . 
  always thought it 's just a normal letter or simplistic art . 
  what 's that `` t '' on the wall for ? 
  so does that mean we need total surveillance ? 
  ofc it does . 
  why should we create a world society in which people do n't want to bomb each other , becuase there is no reason ? 
  lets rather keep on raiding , exploiting , destabilizing , bombing , making wars and drone strikes in oil or other ressource rich regions and create more hate and terror . 
  sure , lets add that to the list . 
  i would be more interested in statistics of victims of western invasions . 
  but i can list : - iraq at least 1000k ( up to 1.6 million ) dead since 2003 - afghanistan 100k - lybia 40k i do n't include syria ( 250k ) even though i know ( you do n't ) that the us created isis and supplied them with weapons in order to destroy secular syria ( just like they did in iraq ) . 
  one can not accept the verdict ? 
  does that mean it goes into the next instance or is it just rhetoric ? 
   my argument makes no sense now we agree . 
  and i am not trolling , your problem is not rational thinking , but basic logic and understanding what a system is . 
  no , i am rational and you are rational . 
  the point is that you seem to not understand that size/density is not a deciding factor of what political/economical/social system a country has . 
  you ca n't seriously argue , that the us healthcare system is the way it is , because of it 's population size . 
  it is the way it is because of it 's political and economical ideology which is unregulated plutocratic/oligarchic free market capitalism with lackluster interest in socialism or socialistic system which we in europe for instance have . 
  the us has the wealth and capabilty , but not a socialistic ideology and that is the main reason why it 's healthcare is not socialistic . 
  so we conclude neither size nor population matters and therefore your arugments do n't make sense . 
  do i need to walk you through it again ?
