west europe best europe . 
  europe could easily guarantee the independence of ukraine without american help . 
  russia is a third world country . 
  the life expectancy for russian men is 64 . 
  we rely on russian gas , but putin relies on the tax receipts for gas to bribe the bureaucrats that constitute his power base . 
  our governments have plenty of reasons to not go to war with russia over a bunch of lousy ukrainian provinces . 
  military inferiority is not one of them . 
  the us however wants to exercise a monopoly of violence over the entire planet . 
  when russia invaded ukraine they violated that , so the us has to get involved . 
  it is n't happening to the us ... 
   he is always so eager to defend cuba , venezuela and nicaragua in their right to pursue a pro-russian foreign policy . 
  yet somehow russia 's neighbour 's adopting a pro-american policy should not be allowed . 
  not true . 
  chomsky said kruschev was ` criminally insane ' or something like that for trying to construct missile sites in cuba . 
  and there 's a massive , massive difference between defending the right of venezuela and cuba to have whatever diplomatic relations they want with russia , and the us offering protection to eastern european countries in exchange for letting them use their land to encircle russia with first-strike missile silos . 
  you realise you 're dutch yes ? 
  no , i 'm saying that their model of a superpower is uniquely self-centered . 
  germany makes the us and ussr look benevolent . 
  did the americans or russians ever treat a friendly nation , an ally , in the same way germany is treating greece and spain ? 
  perpetually extending their crises so they can then offer them space to breathe in exchange for another all-holes-allowed economic gangbang ? 
  this is unprecedented . 
  america in particular could be extremely vindictive and violent towards nations that rejected its authority , but within their realm they clearly believed that as the ` leader of the free world ' they had certain responsibilities . 
  see : the marshall plan , the protection of the kurds after the gulf war , their crucial role in the northern ireland peace process , the current operations in ukraine and against isis , lobbying germany on behalf of their erstwhile nato ally greece , and so on . 
  they 're even using the isis crisis to pressure baghdad into cutting down on anti-sunni sectarianism . 
  the ussr was similar - they pumped money into eastern europe to the extent that countries which were once on the same economic tier as bolivia are now richer and more developed than russia itself , their intervention in the yom kippur war basically forced the us to order israel to the negotiating table , their afghan proxies forced gender equality on a highly conservative society . 
  in both cases these good acts were overshadowed by a backdrop of extreme violence and imperialism but in germany 's case all i see is self-interest . 
  it 's as if their chancellor is a highly complex ai algorithm designed to maximise german profits . 
  there is no moral component . 
  where is merkel in iraq , or in palestine , or in kurdistan ? 
  they have the foreign policy of a vampire squid . 
  if the ussr was built on the german model they would have stripped occupied europe clean and sent all the wealth east . 
  if the us was they would have extracted extreme concessions in exchange for marshal plan grants . 
  glad you think i 'm profound have an upboat, 
  nobody is interested in a use . 
  not the public , not the elites , not the press , nobody . 
  recent events in scotland and catalonia show which way the wind is blowing . 
  the fact that this is even being discussed shows how delusional pro-eu europeanists are . 
  the eu is held together by mutual self-interest : more exports for germany and france , cheap loans for the periphery , and the uk stays in as far as i can tell because what happens in the eu will affect us either way so it 's better we have a say in it . 
  i 'd like to see a federalized europe too , but i 'm not naive enough to think that the eu is driven by a spirit of cooperation and internationalism . 
  germany is probably the most amoral , nationalistic superpower since , well , the last time germany was a superpower . 
  if i was greek or latvian i would rather live under a new soviet union than the merkelreich . 
  at the beginning of the 20th century there was a spate of bombings and robberies in the uk from mostly italian political radicals . 
  france i guess . 
  hopefully future governments will be reluctant to sell their nation 's sovereignty for cheap credit . 
  not convinced . 
  give us cash . 
  but now communism is gone so you can start paying that back right ? 
  lol a steven rattner article on the front page . 
  this subreddit has gone to shit . 
  austerians absolutely desperate for an intellectual backbone for their quasi-religious beliefs . 
   do you honestly feel that greece can be trusted with additional money ? 
  syriza is the only trustworthy political party that has power in europe . 
  yanis varoufakis is one of the most intelligent and knowledgable men to ever be appointed minister of finance in any country , and the eurogroup demanded he resign . 
  i know who i do n't trust . 
  there is no abstract entity called greece that took out irresponsible loans . 
  there are corrupt greek politicians . 
  moronic illogical moralistic arguments such as `` ireland and spain went through pain so greece should too '' without considering the huge difference in suffering between irish austerity and greek austerity , or whether this was the best course of action even for those countries , never mind greece . 
  imagine an insolvency solicitor in a meeting with a client , the ceo of an insolvent company , in his opulent london offices . 
  the client asks the solicitor what the best course of action is , the solicitor replies , `` well two companies dealt with similar problems and ended up choosing the worst possible outcome - firing all their staff with no compensation or notice , ruining the credit ratings of all involved for the foreseeable future , and not paying a penny back to any investors . 
  since they did this we think you have a moral duty to do the same . 
  whether a better options exists is irrelevant - you have a duty to take this course . '', 
  it 's a moronic argument and it makes me despair of humanity when i see it at the top of threads . 
  idiot . 
  the european judiciary has done some good for britain by removing some of our reactionary legislation , but as a whole the eu is extremely undemocratic and i see no economic benefits that would n't exist in a simple free trade agreement . 
  i 'll vote to leave and i suspect that the eurogroup 's ( germany 's ) inept handling of the greek crisis will set the tone for the referendum . 
  i expect to see a grexit and brexit in rapid succession then a collapse of the whole rotten project , for which i will blame the german government and the southern european nations who traded sovereignty for cheap credit . 
  the only humiliating thing i see is a person who still does n't understand a crisis which has been ongoing since 2008 . 
  read a book jesus christ you 're an embarrassment . 
   the negotiating tactics employed by varoufakis have created resentment in the eurogroup . 
  yes , making economic arguments with a sound logical base seem to be a quick way to make enemies in the eurogroup . 
  fuck the pope wooooooo, 
   it 's reportedly a common experience for women in engineering and programming jobs to be assumed to be a secretary , or to be asked to take notes at meetings who reported this exactly ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen such a thing happen , nor have i met many women who would allow themselves to be used as secretaries by their colleagues . 
  seems like a good way to get office equipment thrown at you . 
  why do n't they just call it condescension ? 
  why the sexist language ? 
  what do greeks know about pain ? 
  finally in the midst of 50 % youth unemployment in greece for six years running someone has the courage to speak up for the poor poor finns . 
  greece you must take 75 % youth unemployment for the finns . 
   budding recovery tard spotted, 
  he knew more about economics than all of the dogmatic chimpanzees at your finance ministry combined . 
  they got their feelings hurt because there is no nice way to say that their economics is a more of a religion , so yanis had to go . 
  once the eu collapses i hope this will be the final time germany is trusted with power . 
  every time they get some power , within a decade theyre making a power grab on central and southern europe . 
  nothing is dumber than your politics hush up . 
   we could n't sustain our high living on the backs of our conquered colonies . 
  this is a myth . 
  the colonies had nothing to do with it . 
  i hear that in the long run the positive and negative effects cancelled each other out . 
  but britain was not a democracy at the time and i would be very surprised if news of the british role in the starvations was reported . 
  the british working class had as much of a role in decision making as the average indian . 
  well done guys this is the first step of many steps to respectability, 
  i doubt members of * that * jihad group would be allowed back . 
  there would be a gigantic scandal if they were found to have returned a daesh to civilian life . 
  this is probably aimed at fighters from nusra , fsa , etc. 
  name things, 
  utterly clueless, 
  not many people in the uk give a fuck about our international standing . 
  do n't mix up our urban westminster elites and our normies - the latter has huge cotempt for the former . 
  it is near-universally accepted that we are a minor power .
