  honestly this is a crazy way to proceed . 
  instead of saying we want no immigrants and then subsidising those who go through trouble , expense and risk to come in anyway , often even forbidding them to contribute by working , we should open legal immigration channels . 
  sell schengen work visas for the cost of a smuggler transit and it will cover any costs incured . 
  these visas need not be permanent and they can be renewed on condition of continuous employment . 
  social benefits can be limited for the first few years . 
  there is no intrinsic reasons for economic immigrants to be a cost rather than a benefit , but we must make legal ways more attractive than illegal ones . 
  however the purpose apparently is not to fund a well identified common expense that would be removed from national budgets because it is more effective to do so ( if so this would not relate to the eurozone in particular ) , but to fund more payments supporting deficit running governments like greece avoid or delay the adoption of sound policies . 
  the whole argument seems to be predicated upon finding a way to give more money to greece ( and then portugal or others ) in a less visible way : why else would this be supposed to be a response to the greek crisis ? 
  that was certainly not caused by lack of transfers . 
  one strange thing is that while it is often stated ( rightly i believe ) that artificially low borrowing rates were a cause of the greek bubble , their cause is not examined and a cure for that not envisioned - they came from implicit bailout guarantees and distortions created by bank regulation , and neither is adressed . 
  on the contrary , qe institutionalises such distortions and increases them for high deficit countries . 
  soon ecb will even be buying greek government debt as part of this and pretending that it is sound . 
  hey i just got downvoted for saying the euro is a success  mind you i also said it was mismanaged so not sure which part got the downvote  or maybe its a bot downvoting anything under `` sch\u00e4uble '' , who knows ... 
  well , over the last ten years the chf has gone up by 50 % ( from 1.55 to 1.05 ) against the eur and they have 3 % unemployment , so they seem to have a flexible enough economy to adapt . 
  to be fair , while it is mismanaged and the ez has built imbalances because of that , the euro and euro payment system is very convenient and useful for companies and consumers across the ez . 
  so it is * also * a sucess in this respect . 
  switzerland is a success - they made the mistake for a while to tie their currency to the euro , but they realized it would n't work or would force them to adopt unsound monetary policies so they let it go . 
  it was a shock of course as the adjustment was sudden , but they 've digested it now are are humming along quite nicely now . 
  in my case i do n't view eu as more corrupt than the average government , but political allocation of funds ( and especially a big transfer budget ) is wasteful and creates inefficiencies and corruption opportunities . 
  note that we have terribly wasteful transfers within france , notably to overseas territories - these do not really help local development and they create more problem than they solve and feed local corruption and clientelism , my position is not specific to eu funds on that . 
  i do n't know , did n't look at the scores - was that a big change or just +1 / -1 ? 
  edit : just reopened the whole thread - wow is it ballooning !, 
  sch\u00e4uble is getting lots of interest  and you 're right i see comments voted to 0 which are not offensive or silly or anything like that - no big minus either so maybe just one or two readers downvoting hat they do n't agree with ... edit 2 : hey i got a -4 for one of my comments !, 
  but admittedly that was not my most constructive effort , 
  nothing as a rule ( though regional or other intermediate level is often more effective than either ) , it 's a tradeoff between economies of scale and adaptation to user needs ( together with other criteria ) . 
  some things such as a common legal framework or defense are more efficiently handled at a national ( or european in the latter case - that would be one area where more integration would be good ) but many things are n't . 
  well we do n't have a federal budget but we do have a eu budget , here the proposal is to add a eurozone budget on top of it , and indeed i do not see a need for that . 
  \\ - also , when i say i agree that eu integration is necessary , this does not mean that i agree with a larger budget or tax integration . 
  i agree , but i do n't see a eurotax as a necessary part of that . 
  it 's not even common to the eu but only to the eurozone . 
  and as to the eu budget , funds are already wasted in such things as the cap . 
  now some waste is a necessary part of any political process and perhaps the cost is reasonable here , but not every common policy is useful . 
  in fact the most useful ones do not need a large budget - free movement of goods , capital and people is not even an expense . 
  iwe do.have a system of transfers with structural and cohesion funds , but the examples i was quoting ( puerto rico , southern italy ) are from existing fiscal unions . 
  we also have implicit transfers in the form of qe and efsf , which make it easier for governments to delay reform and spending cuts . 
  so which expenses would be transferred ? 
  and what is the advantage of deciding on such expenses at the most distant centralized level ? 
  it depends . 
  if france adopted constitutional budget rules and processes together with sound currency it might work . 
  but i see this more as a way to enforce sound policies - a new euro agreement would be a commitment to those , while at the same time giving countries the option to get out if they believe that they would do better through deficit spending . 
  i do n't , but it 's the right of a country to try . 
  you have a point , writing `` this time we 're serious '' is not enough - it would require making actual changes , mechanisms for gradually increasing pressure etc to make that threat credible . 
  one step already would be unwinding qe though this is something very delicate to do because of the large imbalances it has absorbed already . 
  another would be to change the governance of the ecb . 
  none of this is easy , it is a matter of working towards the goal of sound policy by applying gradually more pressure instead of as has been done so far , gradually removing and neutralizing the rules . 
  except shit does n't hit the fan , the structural imbalances in southern countries ( certainly in france ) are the result of their policies , not of external shocks . 
  there is an argument for transfers to offset external shocks , but the reality is that they serve to support structurally unsound policies . 
  i do agree , it is long and complex process . 
  in fact i would expect the perspective to act as a strong incentive for participating countries to fix their finances in order to stay in , for by leaving they would need to undergo faster and more painful adjustments . 
  i would not expect many countries to actually exit should te ossibilit be open . 
  a country exiting the euro would probably need to adopt a stricter fiscal discipline and monetary polcy than the euro itself , and set up a truly independent central bank with a sound money mandate , since it would no longer benefit from the emu subsidy to unsound policies . 
  so yes in practice any country trying that instead as a quick fix would face disastrous consequences if it did not quickly realize the need to fix its internal imbalances . 
  no , it sounds similar to what is written in the treaties , not to what we have in practice : qe , the ecb participating in bailouts , liquidity assistance extended to non solvent banks , emu bugdet rules ignored and unenforced - that is what we have . 
  how do baltic countries deal with asymetric shocks and economic imbalances ? 
  they deal with them . 
  transfers have fueled imbances in greece for decades on the other hand . 
  generally large transfers do not improve economies , they allow structural issues to continue unchecked , be it in southern italy or elsewhere . 
  they are helpful in buying votes o be sure , and they can be useful in some cases , but they are given far more credit than they deserve . 
  transfers did not make puerto rico rich nor did they make its debt sustainable - fiscal discipline at each government level is what prevents bailouts . 
  i would definitely support a much reduced level of national taxation and in general more subsidiarity , yes . 
  but this is in france , which is heavily centralized in every way - other countries have a more balanced distribution of powers . 
   most economists i 've read believe that when a country will be exiting the euro , it 'll be because the country is in trouble , if the asumption is that the country is in trouble to start with , these troubles do not magically disappear by leaving the euro . 
  and leaving the euro would be a complex task with many preparations to make - so yes in many scenarios today it would be disastrous , because it has been designed so , as irreversible . 
  i agree that making exits possible goes well beyond just adding an article in a treaty . 
  my suggestion would be to make the currency less politically controlled and have an independent central bank with a sound money mandate and a prohibition from propping up government debt . 
  this requires balanced budgets from participating governments , and either a resolution process or ejection mechanism for those adopting deficits and debt buildup as a core policy - to prevent this participating governments might prefer to adopt balanced budget rules . 
  there is no reason for an euro exit to ruin an economy . 
  yes it does have a cost , and the transition would b veey complex to manage and require great care , but the outcome depends then on what you replace it with and how you manage it . 
  countries outside the euro do not have worse outcomes than those within . 
  as to fiscal union , the word covers many different things - but if you mean it requires a eurotax then no , i do n't see this as a necessity . 
   you are saying that the eu is more bureaucratic and political in allocating funds than , for instance , the french government ? 
  no , but i have far more say in what the french government does than in what the eu does , simply because i have a much higher percentage of the vote here . 
  i certainly want to reduce government spending in fance a lot , whether it os done directly of through eu mechanisms , but a eurotax will not help in any way . 
  or c ) the euro is fundamentally overhauled to make it sustainable , by allowing exits or holidays , being serious about budget balance criteria for participants , and stopping its use as an inflationary support for weak policies . 
  but yes at this point b ) is starting to have some merit - there are many advantages to the euro so it 's a difficult one , but the cost is becoming high . 
  so the eu federalist message is `` you 're with us or against us - if you do n't want federalism join the extremists , we are certainly not going to listen to you '' . 
  personally i was never anywhere close to a sceptic position on eu or even euro , and i have no sympathy for extremes . 
  but the imposition of federalist power makes it a very expensive proposition to support continued participation in the eurozone . 
  that 's the assumption yes . 
  now our government runs a structural 4 % deficit , so after transferring 5 % of its revenues to this , it will have to cut spending without any corresponding tax cut . 
  this will make reforms and cutting down the state here even tougher than it would otherwise . 
  i would be very surprised if such a move was submitted to voters - but it will certainly increase the voting share of anti euro and anti eu parties , it combines a new tax , transfer of power to a distant authority and making the use of that money wasteful through either bureaucratic or political allocation . 
  yep . 
  the power grab by federalists may work , or it may break the union . 
  this was one argument , but not everyone is convinced . 
  i doubt a eurotax is going to make the euro more popular , though as for all taxes , it would be sold to voters on the basis that others will pay , so it might work in some countries - in france though , which is already drowning in taxes , i do n't expect it to go down well . 
  so , give people a solid objective reason to want out of the eurozone , and boost extremist parties who are almost the only ones advocating this now . 
  good move . 
  well , the show is good , the suspense , the sudden reversals and all that is great - but it 's like hoc , the scenarists are overdoing it , they 're stretching the boundaries of believability . 
  ah yes , communist symbols . 
  definitely a good reason to ban a party . 
  not sure what law they broke , apparently it 's one about using the word `` communist '' ? 
  i really wonder what the next chapter is going to be . 
  tsipras is constantly disowning the agreement , his people start obstructing the process , is this leading towards yet another showdown ? 
  russian insurance companies and such who are not allowed to hold junk bonds but will be `` free '' to purchase russian government paper thanks to those `` independent '' ratings ? 
  just a guess . 
  gas is plentiful , you do n't need to increase russian imports - they are n't even cheap . 
  but it 's more subsudizing solar and wind , consumers pay large surcharges on their electricity bills for that and it will increase . 
  if all else fails , do like the germans and burn coal . 
  and greece will also be getting the juncker funds on top of structural and cohesion funds .
