  what establishes it is lots of corroborating evidence together with a consistent framework . 
  in the present case there is not even a theory . 
   at some point those scientists will retire and new scientists will treat it as a proven fact no , scientists do not treat an extraordinary claim as proven fact just because they `` have n't proven it does n't work '' for 40 years or more . 
   been unable to prove it does n't work exactly . 
  being unable to prove it does n't work is a far cry from proving it works . 
  i ca n't prove that you are not a kgb spy either . 
  no they have n't . 
  a team there ran an experiment and published ( well , from what i 've seen they did not publish in the scientific sense yet , they announced ) intriguing but inconclusive results showing a microscopic effect they could not explain . 
  and they did not claim to have proved that the drive works . 
  also , nasa as such does not prove anything , scientists working there may or may not , but an administration is not a scientist . 
  is n't the antagonistic position of madrid strengthening the independence vote ? 
  a one page conference paper is not exactly proof . 
   testing was performed on a low-thrust torsion pendulum that is capable of detecting force at a single-digit micronewton level so they measured a tiny unexplained effect and offer some speculation as to what might cause it . 
  still not holding my breath : ), 
  it could be right assuming no policy change and the predicated growth rate , as well as other things being constant - it 's just a scenario out of a model . 
   shawyer also claims that he is just a few months away from publishing new results confirming that his drive works in a peer reviewed journal do n't hold your breath . 
  just hope everyone realizes how preposterous that claim is . 
  i do n't think he stands a chance though , or that he will run . 
  it 's not an issue of personal life or of that preposterous trial where he was accused ( and cleared ) of proxenetism , and nobody cares about these parties , but because of the sofitel story - many see him as a rapist or at least an abuser . 
  all he is describing here and in previous interviews seems so disconnected from reality , i wonder if he somehow mentally snapped and was living in his own world . 
  it 's not just withdrawals , they have huge amount of bad loans and with businesses in dire straits this is growing . 
  plus the solution needs to cover the four banks , they need to merge , restructure and cut costs too , as well as bail in debt holders . 
  ideally they could auction off the banks to foreign investors who could inject cash in , but given that investors in greek banks have been severely and repeatedly burnt in the past this may be a tough sell . 
  i do n't see any point in the greek govt trying to handle it , it would just add political constraints making it more costly - what they could do is guarantee the deposits , letting the esm handle the rest . 
  of course the money comes from eu imf etc , not from private investors ( they did manage to issue some bonds last year but unlikely to happen again soon ) . 
  point is ( esp . 
  if you include structural funds etc ) greece is a net recipient , there is nothing like what you describe . 
   all the available cash is requisitioned by foreign creditors this is ridiculous , greece has been consuming creditor cash forever , and more will be brought in again . 
   they have to , buying up more from one country could be seen as a funding mechanism for those states rather than general liquidity policy you 're right , so far they seem to follow some rule related to gdp . 
  i doubt they will not diverge from that should for instance portugal debt start to be sold off - but perhaps through a different program to make it look legal . 
  they do participate in the greek bailout so there 's no reason to believe they would n't do it again . 
  and however they label it , they are funding governments through this program . 
   then why did those rate suddenly drop for every country in the ez when the mere option to do omt was established ? 
  that 's quite a normal reaction when a buyer with deep pockets ( well they hold a legal right to print money so they do as much as they want ) announces it 's going to buy those bonds in large quantities , that 's just market manipulation . 
  prices for debt and other assets ( stocks indirectly ) currently are heavily supported by this - true market prices are what would obtain without the intervention of the ecb . 
  it is true that it is n't just propping up government debt , it is inflating a wide range of assets in a systematic way . 
  the distortions this creates in price signals are strong and the consequences in terms of misallocation of capital will be very expensive . 
   their buying pattern seems to be roughly corresponding to gdp of the member states i ca n't find their holdings . 
  i found it before some tome ago clearly laid out , but mnow they have all these pages and pages of obfuscating marketing blurb ( `` oh yes it 's legal , of course it 's not inflationary , etc. . . '' ) and each time i try to navigate it i find only vague summary information , it 's very frustrating . 
  about the airline rule , actually i do n't understand why it prevents people from flying : as long as they purchase a return ticket , the airline would not be out of pocket if they are refused entry upon landing so it has little reason not to let them fly . 
  still it is rather pointless , when the request could be processed at the point of origin instead . 
  but even then i am unconvinced changing the airline rule would change anything much - it is not possible to fly without a passport or such for anyone so for many it would still be fly and be turned back vs try the smuggling route . 
  not every refugee comes through that route either . 
  legalizing is a different issue from that - and as i said i do believe we should open legal channels . 
  the markets did n't ask usurious rates , they asked market rates . 
  anyone could lend to greece , there was no sinister syndicate operating in the shadows to prevent willing lenders from doing so . 
  since 2010 at least greece pays heavily subsidised rates . 
  what do you mean the buying is indiscriminate ? 
  the holdings do not follow any obvious rule such as proportional to gdp or outstanding debt as far as i can tell , they look very discriminate , but i may be missing something - is there such a rule ? 
  as it is i expect them to purchase bonds when their price declines , perhaps trying to cap their yield spread to some target level . 
  well , present the project and let 's judge its merits and we 'll see whether we 'll fund it . 
  about your request for a budget for `` plenty of possible ideas about how you 'll use the money , trust me it will be great '' , that sounds nice but no , thanks . 
  and about those investment funds , i would like to see a track record with details on return on investment . 
  independently audited , please . 
  and do n't bother with the glossy brochures with pictures of bridges and roads and smiling people - just the numbers will do . 
  ( honestly , i would really like to know if those funds are bringing returns , and what i 've glimpsed of eu litterature about them is pure marketing fluff and no hint of any useful way to evaluate them , or impact calculations neglecting so many things they are as good as fluff . 
  if real evaluations exist i would be interested ) . 
  there 's vat when you buy and sell a commodity ( or currency ) ? 
  seems weird , at least for financial/investment purpose . 
  the only case where it would make sense is in mining , not in trading . 
  i do n't think you are going to convince anyone with that kind of argument . 
  everyone has access to social media and isis material , not everyone joins isis . 
  i have no idea if uk multiculturalism plays a role , we have a similar problem ( fairly widespread tolerance / sympathy / support for radical islam on the one hand , and to a more limited but worrying extent for a romanticized view of isis on the other ) with complex roots certainly related to public policies of the last decades . 
  it is most certainly an internal problem even if it is related to international issues . 
  denying its existence - or denying the higher prevalence of crime among some communities , does little to enhance the credibility of our message . 
   it 's not specifically ez , but it does n't need to be . 
  other options are additional investment programs like structural funds etc , for example infrastructure projects which have an importance for the eurozone and the common market . 
  in other words , tax first , and then let 's hear some ideas about spending that money ? 
  this is the opposite of a justified tax - if there is a structured project for transferring some responsibility with the attendant resources to eu that 's one thing - we can discuss the merits of this i.e. 
  what is the benefit in that particular case of doing it at a european rather than regional or national level . 
  but just taxing and then drawing up.some public investment program is something i would oppose at both national and european level , and i find it disheartening to see the eu embark on such wasteful distractions . 
  we already have structural and cohesion funds plus junker 's new ( very expensive ) toy , adding more and more public spending is the last thing we need from the eu . 
  i realize that this is done to.purchase political support for the eu , and at 1 % of gdp i suppose we can afford it - but many contries are already in diffucult financial condition , france has a big deficit and will need to do deep cuts in spending , this will be painful enough without at the same time adding more expenses . 
  one issue with this is that it enshrines large amount of public spending that can not be cut afterwards , at a time when we need to cut drastically everywhere . 
  as sexy as it may look on glossy paper eu presentations , we can not afford such luxury items as handwavy `` investment for the future '' administered by politicians and bureaucrats . 
  the greek crisis was about solvency from 2007 too . 
  whether there were liquidity issues on top is secondary , the underlying issue was too much debt and unsustainable spending . 
  the idea that the debt is due to liquidity issues is weird . 
  i was n't referring to omt but to pspp under which the ecb holds 228 bn $ with monthly purchases of up to 60 bn $ from.what i last saw ( to which we can add 134bn $ under smp , purchased previously ) . 
  https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/pr/wfs/2015/html/fs150721.en.html it does not matter who the ecb buys the paper from , the effect is the same . 
  the justifications for inflating its balance sheet with doubtful securities are mutiple , and one of them certainly is to generate inflation ( not that this is defensible despite all the deflation scare rhetoric ) but the purpose of putting a floor under peripheral debt is clear . 
  letting them fly without visas would modify the problem but not solve it - but processing requests at embassies would be a good step . 
  some elements of an australian solution ( offshore processing centers to which new arrivals are directed ) would be helpful too . 
  information campaigns can help , apparently in some areas people have very rose tinted views of what to expect . 
  but it should also include legal economic immigration ( and allowing refugees and asylum seekers to work ) , without it people have no choice but to try an illegal route . 
  the issue is that allowing immigration is unpopular - and this can not be dismissed , the reasons for that should be understood and adressed rather than calling people racists onthe one hand and cutting off legal immigration on the other . 
  excessive benefits can be one reason and should be curbed . 
  integration difficulties are an issue as well , etc. 
  in all these , neither the pro-immigrant leftist faction nor the anti-immigrant rightist one are helpful . 
  neither an unlimited openness nor strict closedness are practical , cost effective , or desirable . 
  unfortunately the two often monopolize the debate and governments end up with a mix of the two instead of a consistent policy . 
  the greek crisis has nothing to do with liquidity , it is a matter of solvency . 
   one of the causes was the absence of an emergency liquidity provider within the eurozone . 
  there is one , it is called the ecb , and it provided liquidity to greek banks well after their solvency had become a fairy tale . 
  as to qe is has nothing to do with liquidity , it consists of massively buying the debt of governments ( and other issuers ) , in order to prevent it from selling at market levels - i.e. 
  artificially lowering the rates at which they borrow . 
  the buying started only recently but its credible announcement had as much effect as buyimg itself - one ecb has announced that it will purchase , front-running anticipates the actual purchases . 
  granted qe is not only about government debt , it is a far broader distortion than that , affecting other markets as well , and its effect include bubbles eleswhere . 
  regarding defense and refugees , these are good candidates for common budgeting but not euro or eurozone related . 
  so not what sch\u00e4uble is about .
