  why should they ? 
  why should i pay for your abortion if i do not want to ? 
  this is not what i 'm saying . 
  i do not particularly believe that religions have an overall positive impact on society . 
  sometimes they do , sometimes not , there is no general rule . 
  but mainstream religions while they all harbour hateful groups are not destructive in themselves , so the issue is with those groups , not with religions in general . 
  as to cultures these can mean a lot of different things - very broad general things such as `` european culture '' are neither good nor bad , when i mentionned hate and exclusion cultures this is typically something narrower , shared by subgroups , and which can include a strong religious component is the case of religious fundamentalists ( though non religious nationalists and other ideologies have a historical track record too ) . 
  anyway of course it 's not about individual `` bad apples '' but bad cultures ( in the sense of a set of values , norms , beliefs , and habits shared by a group ) and radical islamism is certainly one of those . 
  the issue is not whether to charge them , but whether others should be forced to pay for the procedure . 
  the case for doing so when the procedure is needed to cure an illness is certainly stronger than when it is not . 
  your example of donations is at the other extreme - it would just be silly to discourage donors , and a case could be made instead for compensating them for the service they provide . 
  not really . 
  this is * one * idea of a social system , but few social systems call to pay for every expense someone incurs , especially when that expense is the result of a choice . 
  surely private insurance companies can offer policies covering abortion - and if they do not , there is nothing wrong with the person chosing to undergo the procedure paying for it . 
  while i fully support the right of women to get an abortion , the idea that it should be paid for by others through compulsory contributions ( aka state funded ) strikes me as odd . 
  the issue is that cholesterol-reducing drugs are approved on the basis that they are effective at reducing cholesterol levels , but have never been shown to actually improve health ( they do have negative side effects though ) . 
  http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2014/07/27/saturated-fat-cholesterol.aspx lists some of the research about that . 
  does n't sound so promising ... at least the prosecution of political corruption seems to be going strong , which is better than in many countries with such problems . 
  well i supposed they could chop off his head , could be done in less time than that : ), 
  if that policeman 's attitude is indicative of how victims are treated by the police there , the problem may not improve soon . 
  anyway this is a bit tangential here . 
  obviously what he 's saying is `` hands off politicians , focus on rapists '' . 
  one thing surprising is that he so blatantly and deliberately ignores separation of powers , is n't that going to be heavily criticized ? 
  also , i was wondering , is there a new generation of non corrupt politicians that might be able to replace this shady bunch ? 
  this does n't sound like very solid data . 
  as to the policeman 's fabrications on vice , they are rather distasteful . 
  i was wondering what he was getting at , but then this clears things up a bit :  some dangerous offenders would have comfortably spent their time at home , while we were rejoicing that some mps or politicians had been ordered into pre-trial arrest . 
  i think this is really serious , we only focus on what is politically interesting or what stirs media attention , and fail to focus on people 's everyday life . 
  i want to believe that something will really change after this . 
  too much for something with no health benefits . 
  but what policy is it ? 
  there is no eu ban on food exports to russia , these are sanctions russia imposes on itself . 
  on the other hand russia grumbled when it thought some of those serbian apples were coming from poland . 
  i agree that article is surprisingly rich in weird arguments . 
  the idea that the eu should rely on serbia to build relations with moscow in particular is amusing . 
  from his previous declarations frattini is apparently a staunch defender of russia and putin , so possibly this might explain some of his unusual perspective . 
  his point about catastrophe might have some merit though ? 
  i understand it as being not about military intervention but the risk of internal tensions , i.e. 
  of creating fractures within serbia . 
  as i understand it , this is the case in other countries too . 
  treaty signatories commit to modify their laws or consitution if required for complying with an ehcr decision , but those decisions do not apply internally until the government has done that . 
  russia may of course decide to abide by the treaty or not . 
  no of course , but drawing a list of 600 artists whose works are forbidden and whose names the press is forbidden to mention is not a common practice in democratic countries either . 
  you may be right - indeed if the statistics show a high level of fire damage or injuries in those properties which did not go through inspection , there is an issue - i do n't know if this is the case , it just has not been brought as an argument . 
  on the other hand if the rate of accident is the same then this suggests that particular regulation does not bring a benefit . 
  this is not to say a well designed and properly applied regulation ca n't bring benefits , but it does always have costs too , and if the benefits are not there it would be better to scrap it than to leave it unchanged and seek strict enforcement . 
  note that what applies to businesses or industrial sites is a different issue than what applies to an appartment or villa rented out . 
  the requirement is not to have safety measures , it is to have a government mandated inspector sign off that they are in place . 
  these are different , and in a country where corruption exists to.a significant level can be almost independent of each other . 
  also , the safety measures defined by the regulation need not be the same as those appropriate to a given setting , especially if that setting is innovative , hence different from what the regulator had in mind when writing the rules . 
  we should not forget that government intervention ( in a general sense ) is what brought greece its problems , and assuming the regulations there are efficient , effective , and applied effectively and with integrity might be optismistic . 
  requiring a house to be legal is indeed reasonable , though if a large share of properties are n't this needs to be adressed as such , as it also points to something broken . 
  how to deal with illegal construction is a difficult issue in any case , more so if the phenomenon is very widespread . 
  and in a country without a working cadaster , the task seems daunting . 
  there are many cases of illegality too - does it relate to some real problem ( it must in some cases ) , or is it the result of a set of complex regulations that makes compliance almost impossible ( this does happen in overregulated countries ) ? 
  is it due to the builder ignoring permit requirements , or refusing to pay the bribe needed to get it processed ? 
  etc. . . 
  how many of those rentals ( 50 % of the market if we believe the article ) have resulted in buildings falling down or catching fire and harming their occupants ? 
  and yet they were not submitted to government inspection . 
  not inspected by government is very different from `` structurally unsound '' . 
  and yes regulations stiffle innovation , if only because they are based on administrative rules , not on their actual value in providing a service to guests ( which competing voluntary standards can do far more efficiently ) . 
  of course simplification and lowering the cost are better than nothing . 
  but why you need a license to rent for 21 days when nothing bad happens from the absence of licenses on 30 day rental is a mistery . 
  standards apply to all rentals , they are a different issue than licenses - but even those are not necessarily protecting the guests . 
  voluntary licenses / labels are great for that , and many guests will prefer to opt for one of those if it has a reputation for actually being worth it ( as opposed to being just an anti competitive measure adding no value ) but compulsory ones just prevent innovation . 
  the problem is not so much the level of the debt per se ( even though it 's 40 % of gdp above the officially agreed maximum ) but its constant increase year after year . 
  this trend can not be sustainable as a way of life , yet it has been going on for decades . 
  and the budget is very vulnerable to any change in the market 's perception . 
  i wish i was as sure as you seem to be about the fn never winning the presidential election . 
  huh ? 
  how is it entirely wrong ? 
  there is such a status and it does have that character . 
  it is not the only one , there are several other self employed status and obviously no one is forbidding a doctor or lawyer for instance from earning more than minimum wage - that particular status is still a bit of an oddity for the limitations it carries . 
  because they bring no benefit other than protecting established companies from competition ? 
  also , someone else pointed that they are complex and hard to comply with in greece . 
  i guess it 's getting harder because of the so called `` sharing economy '' : suddenly the `` unfair competition '' undercutting established companies is not just shady businesses or giant corporations ( though the success of uber and others helps salvage that narrative ) , but the people themselves , individually participating . 
  the benefits of competition become more tangible and immediate and the self serving nature of arguments against it become more apparent ... 
  the licensing requirements . 
  you are not providing the same service for one thing , a rental is not a hotel and there is room for both . 
  there 's no problem with regulations stating that if you want to call yourself a hotel you need to meet certain standards , but restricting the market beyond that is just that - restricting the market through licensing requirements and lowering tourist income for the country . 
  but it depends of course what your priorities are - a healthy economy and a tightly regulated ones are two different options , and different countries make different choices in that matter , depending on the lobbying power of established corporations and on social preferences for heavy regulations . 
  not really . 
  the two job system in the us is an effect of regulations there , which create incentives for part time jobs - not applicable here in any case , different rules - but minimum wage regulations do bring some benefits to the lowest qualified employed at the expense of those slightly less qualified ( though they also promote automation , replacing workers with machines is profitable at a lower threshhold with a high cost of labour ) . 
  assuming the regulations are sensible , which seems to be a very strong assumption here . 
  hotels complaining about villa owners stealing their business is understandable , listening to them less so . 
  the article is n't specifically about the sharing economy , but about half the market operating outside of regulations - you can kill an economy with regulations designed to protect established interests , it survives by dodging them and you can then give the * coup de grace * by strictly enforcing those regulations ( or you can eliminate those regulations and enjoy tax revenue and a healthy economy ) . 
  holiday rentals have existed forever and are not subject to licensing in most countries . 
  you own a villa , you rent it out , that 's it . 
  of course it 's subject to tax , but you should not need a license to rent out your property . 
  that was a bit of a rant sorry , the status i 'm talking about was created a few years ago and is not targeted at youth unemployment so it 's not really surprising that it does not help much there . 
  it is a simplified one with low administrative burden compared to setting up a full-blown company , but it is authorized only up to a ( low ) ceiling in annual gross revenues . 
  to be more specific the internship legal status is restricted to students ( i.e. 
  there must be a teaching institution involved , and there are a number other rules ) . 
  the pay is not legally called a wage and the minimum is about 500 $ / month vs about 1500 $ / months for a full time job minimum wage . 
  well admittedly there are already a few other bills on the legislative agenda : ) i do n't know how they 'll manage to start reforms in earnest while at the same tim negociating the bailout - or if they want to . 
  yes the hotel industry has strong lobbying power in other places too , not just in greece : ) appatently it is the trade association itself that carries the inspections and reports them to the ministry - quite possibly what the article reports is strictly the position of that association which obviously tries to protect its turf , rather than an official position . 
  well then you start by simplifying this and make it workable ... 
  oh yes i agree that they should be paying tax , but there are ways to handle this , e.g. 
  saying `` ok , this is the rule now , we made a simple easy to apply status as independent hosts or whatever , you have three months to register and then you pay vat or whatever tax on your revenue '' , without trying to treat them as hotels or forcing them out of business by an accumulation of taxes . 
  or there is the `` let 's kill the competition and drive tourists away '' approach because we must punish the evil cheaters .
