  there are big issues with the way drugs are regulated , but i am skeptical that this is one of them . 
  the issue is that removing patents on pharmeceuticals would seem very likely to reduce the incentive for developping them - generally i agree that patents ' benefits are doubtful , and the idea that they promote innovation is at least contested , but in the case of pharmaceuticals the usual arguments ( e.g. 
  harm incremental innovation ) do not seem to apply . 
  edit : the alternative to patents is secret formulas - but is this desirable in this case ? 
  true about lybia but this regime is another level of authoritarian . 
  i thought asylum requests from erytreans were generally accepted ( or some form of protection granted if not asylum ) , given the human rights situation there . 
  i do think regime change does n't work , lybia is a good example . 
  but as you say these situations are rather inextricable and there is not that much that can be done from outside . 
   there might also be a deal to give the regime money to keep people there this sounds scary but i ca n't believe this is being seriously considered - especially the part about sending people back , they are granted asylum and can not be returned there . 
  perhaps a drone to take care of the guy ? 
  indeed , though given the nature of the regime it is unlikely any conditions agreed to would lead to meaningful change . 
  cutting off aid completely should be an option . 
  licensing could work for harder drugs , as it does for tobacco and alcohol - but it should not be limited to scientists , this would just keep the trade illegal - unless this is a scheme to help cash-strapped laboratories find new sources of funds  is lsd more dangerous than psychedelic mushrooms ? 
  would it be worth closing down eritrean embassies , as tgey seem to serve as a basis for this and surveillance of the eritrean refugees ? 
  well it receives fiscal transfers of 30 % ( * ) of its gdp apparently , so i do n't know how high you 'd want to go . 
  still on the verge of bankruptcy with that . 
  http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/3/189204d0-2c7c-11e5-acfb-cbd2e1c81cca.html#axzz3hxuswmb1 we also have in france overseas territories receiving large transfers , not necessarily very effective . 
  ( * ) according to http://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2011/08/americas-fiscal-union it 's about 300 % of 2009 gdp for the total of 1990-2009 , the 30 % per year figure is quoted by ft and others but i do n't have the source . 
  either way it 's a very high level . 
  sounds like a reasonable option . 
  keep each state in charge of its own finances but also responsible for them with no bailouts whatsoever , and no loans from ecb or efsf . 
  i would add a strong reform of the ecb to make it independent and prohibit qe and other inflationary policies . 
  transitionning to that would be tough though , as financing rates for portugal etc would go up quite a bit - and there 's the efsf to wind down over time . 
  they should all be legal but could be subject to regulations based on addictivity and toxicity - not much if at all for weed ( maybe no sale to minors ) , a lot more for opiates . 
  hmm fair point i guess , not sure it helps that much to see the odd post in your language when most everything is in english anyway but why not . 
  actually with the order reversed i agree they 're ok , it 's fun reading a few words in a strange language once in a while . 
  i do find them annoying , they 're clumsy to read ( english first would be easier ) . 
  what 's the point really ? 
  what arguments are there ? 
  all i recall seeing was about making whatever content reddit admins deem inappropriate less visible - but i thought this applied to whole subreddits . 
  does this have any impact on / r/europe ? 
  in any case a good part of reddit is somewhat parochially american , but that 's just what reddit is . 
  evil speculators , that 's what happened . 
  it 's always evil speculators . 
   modeled on the forgiveness of german debt after ww2 that was 10 % of german gdp . 
  the previous haircut on private debt for greece was already more than that . 
  you do n't understand . 
  free money is free for everyone !, 
  we just need to print more and hand it out !, 
  oh yes . 
  [ and lifts too ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/11400808/scandal-of-sicilian-villages-2m-eu-funded-lift-to-nowhere.html ) . 
  switzerland transfers apparently amount to [ 0.7 % of gdp ] ( http://www.fraserinstitute.org/uploadedfiles/fraser-ca/content/research-news/research/publications/federalism-and-fiscal-transfers.pdf ) . 
  the eu spends 0.4 % on cap which could be cut altogether , and does transfers through structural funds ( not sure what the cost of that is though ) and implicit transfers through the interest rate subsidies through efsf - greece got already large subsidies this way - so it is n't clear if eu transfers are n't already larger than switzerland 's ( most of the eu budget is a complex system of transfers ) . 
  transfers do not necessarily help much though as puerto rico shows , or southern italy for that matter . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` smoothing monetary shocks '' , but generally transfers just subsidize lower productivity structures on a continued basis rather than deal with shocks . 
  well that 's still pretty high , both as percent of gdp and as a share of expenditure . 
  also , i suppose war expenses are very costly but 43 % government spending in such a poor country sounds huge . 
  then again it 's ukraine ... 
   police dares to enter them only with full combat gear . 
  hmm once you 've reached that point , police is behaving like an enemy force so it will be treated like one . 
  does n't look promising until you get police accepted as part of the community . 
  strange , i would have thought if a kid does n't attend school this would be signalled and social service ( possibly police ) would get involved - here i think the parents would be in trouble , possibly lose custody of the child if he is not provided education . 
  now from what you describe social services and police may not be welcome in some of those villages . 
  the eu should have nothing to say if done in non discriminatory way ( e.g. 
  cut benefits if children do n't attend school or such ) ? 
  wether that would be effective is another matter . 
  it is the most commonly ( edit : only ? ), 
  used ( relatively ) large scale electricity storage mechanism , many dams are equipped to pump water up during low demand and use it to generate electricity during high demand . 
  fairly efficient iirc , something like 10-20 % loss round trip and electricity prices are very volatile during the day ( even more so now with the wind farms and such which push prices into negative territory at times ) so 20 % is n't a big hurdle . 
  of course . 
  nothing much happened since first quarter so what could go wrong relying on those figures . 
  do n't worry too much either that delinquent loans are n't reported as non performing until six months - anyway those businesses who borrowed are doing great , surely they 'll make good on the loans . 
  there 's reddit for that : ), 
  the uk had been pressuring france about it as it was seen as a source of illegal migrants to the uk . 
  this was probably not the only reason , but it was quite public at the time . 
  [ blunkett secures early sangatte closure ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2002/dec/02/immigrationpolicy.immigration ), 
  the presentation i was referring to was the one in this thread criticozing landlords . 
  as to the purpose of the rules they are clearly and openly designed to make illegal immigrants lives harder , that is their whole rationale . 
  adding a rule that says landlords must check tenants status and evict tenants who have no legal status , is more a way to use landlords as agents for the immigration administration - the penalty is to force them to play that role . 
  oh i 'm not saying it 's charity ( although the rule does not seem to distinguish that , offering below-market accomodation would be as punishable as high rents iiuc ) . 
  but still that high price low quality deal is better than the kind offer of `` sleep in the streets then be deported '' that critics of those landlord advocate out of concern for the victims . 
  i mean , i understand the reasoning of `` make their lives shitty enough they decide to leave '' , but let 's not present that as a way to protect immigrants from predatory landlords . 
  but the uk has n't been pushed into wars by the eu , if anything the us has been more of a factor . 
   you think your economy has a chance against the biggest countries in this world ? 
  the point is economies are not at war against each others , `` economic might '' is just an aspect of ( geo - ) political might and it has little to do with the economic success of citizens of a country . 
  there is a risk of political bullying of smaller countries by bigger ones though , forcing economic policy decisions as switzerland had to accept for its financial sector . 
  in this respect the uk being one of the big countries within europe may be better in than out ( it 's easier to bully luxembourg over its tax rules than the uk ) . 
  yes that 's cameron 's reasoning ( reduce the uk 's appeal ) and it may work - but that does n't make someone providing them a better alternative a scumbag - even if what they offer sounds pretty bad , it is still superior for them to what cameron offers . 
  it would be the gcb , not the ecb though - and they will hold the collateral which is presumably an assortment of loans and bonds rather than stock . 
  but my point was about the respective claims of shareholders vs others . 
  this is not a commercial bankruptcy but a regulatory resolution ( or whatever political/regulatory scheme they 'll put together ) however , so my assumption that shareholders are the most junior may be overly simplistic . 
  are you sure ? 
  the hfsf owns the majority share of the large banks i think ( 57 % of nbg , not sure for others ) and i am skeptical that banks could post bank shares for ela . 
  outrageous indeed , they should kick them out so they can sleep in the streets . 
  indeed it dropped much below the 2009 and 2012 lows , which sugests the syriza-engineered recession might be more severe than what the 3-5 % gdp drop forecasts for 2015 and 2016 suggest . 
  these bank shares should really be worth nothing though , if they think of bailing in bond holders and possibly depositors then shareholders should be first . 
   i am wondering why anti-americanism is so casually mainstream here in europe i am wondering why you so casually assume as fact something you provide no evidence for . 
  actually , europeans ' opinions of the us are largely positive . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/1/group/3/ these numbers look not dissimilar to europeans ' views of the eu itself . 
  well , the whole kitsch/neo-baroque project is said to have a cost of some 500m $ ... 
  so why are they building this monstrosity now ? 
  do they get kickbacks from the company building it ? 
  not sure being federal helps as such - the us federal army has fought a large number of offensive wars abroad . 
  perhaps the difficulty of reaching consensus would prevent it but then this would lead to calls for more effective decision making , with the argument that `` what is the use of having an army if we ca n't use it '' ... 
  if the sole purpose of that army was to defend eu territory from attacks it could be a sensible thing ( until someone follows the theory of preemptive defense ) . 
  well you ca n't just raise your prices and expect to find buyers , so not directly - but if other factors push prices then yes only the top and low end of the market are constrained so median ( and probably average ) prices should still move whichever way the supply demand balance calls for . 
  this regulation will not bring rents down , not even as a short term effect . 
  what it does is enforce more uniform rents by area : its sets both a minimum and a maximum based on the average rents in the area . 
  so short term it will raise rents for the poorer ( those renting the less desirable properties which are significatly cheaper than the average ) and lower them for the richer . 
  medium term it will cause less investment in high end renovations and improvements .
