  he can not be trusted any more . 
   jeroen dijsselbloem : '' i am very negatively surprised by today 's decision by the greek government '' `` they have apparently rejected the final proposals from the institutions '' `` that is a sad decision for greece , for it has closed the door on future talks . '', 
  but the referendum is supposed to be on friday 's offer . 
  and the eurogroup is not going to pull out a new offer out of thin air now , with no one to negociate it with . 
  anyway , it 's probably too late now to do anything , we can only watch as tsipras embarks on his new adventure and take the greek people along with thim for the ride . 
   something that 's currently on the table that is , on an offer conditional to legislation being passed by july 1st . 
  this can not be said to be on the table after that date , can it ? 
  something similar maybe but not that particular offer . 
  the offer was conditional on new legislation being passed by july 1st . 
  so voters are offered the possibility to say `` yes '' to an offer that will by necessity be impossible by the time they vote , and will * have to * be renegociated if they say yes . 
  this is true and in europe as in arab countries a lot of it comes from saudi money and influence , financing radical mosques etc. 
  as i understand it they were debating new security laws and how to balance them with citizen rights since after the bardo attack a few months ago . 
  i 'm not sure the troika can cave in , it does n't have that authority . 
  tsipras requested a program extension till jul5 but this requires approval from other parliaments - not very likely given the way he is acting . 
   the greek constitution demands at minimum a month between the announcement of the referendum and the referendum itself . 
  sounds reasonable , if so the referendum is unconstitutional but he leaves no time for it to be challenged in court . 
  it really is a coup . 
  anyway , it looks like there 's no way to avoid default now , and the outcome will be no given the rise in tension and drama made by tsipras . 
  he gets to blame everyone , he does n't even assume responsibility - whatever misery this results in , it will be eu/imf/the voters who will be held responsible . 
  i overestimated the guy , thought he would eventually rise to the situation . 
  that 's the problem . 
  with such a short timeframe they will have to decide based on feeling , not understanding the text of the proposal and its implications - he is trying to dazzle and confuse the voters with speed and drama . 
  but default ( * ) does not end things , it opens a new period of uncertainty and renegociation , but with capital controls in place , failing banks , no investment , no tax collected , the economy stalled ... 
  default is a mess , not a get out of jail card . 
  ( \\* ) arrears at the imf alone from the missed june 30th payment may not trigger that immediately , but once the ecb is forced to acknowledge it , it 's too late . 
  how can they not if the ecb refuses to increase the ela ceiling ? 
  capital controls on monday are very likely whatever draghi answers about the extension . 
  the ecb can not increase ela by another 10 or 20 bn to cover withdrawals during the week . 
  this is so wrong . 
  i could understand his saying `` we have a very difficult decision to make and i must put this to the greek people '' and laying out the choice in as clear terms as he could . 
  but no , this is not a statesman , this is a politician . 
  he is serving his propaganda and confusing the issue instead . 
  it does have an impact on members who must adapt their laws if they are declared contrary to the european convention on human rights . 
  i do n't see what other court could rule on this matter , what other text could the prohibition of gay marriage violate ? 
  but will the ecb agree ? 
  he is asking for ela to be maintained for those 7 days , after he defaults on the 30th ( * ) , and puts a big question mark on the future . 
  politically they may have to yield by my guess is their statutes would prevent them from doing so . 
  ( \\* ) i do n't see how this can be avoided now . 
  i hope europe will make it crystal clear that no means no . 
  tsipras may try to sell exactly that same lie he was elected on : vote for me and the creditors will agree to no more austerity . 
  the way ot looks now he is not proposing a choice between two policies ( say , accept or leave the ez ) , but between `` submit to the creditors ' diktat '' and `` trust me '' . 
  was tried , did n't work . 
  glad you agree it 's not 100 % . 
  nothing about muslims in western countries here , but still some data : http://www.pewforum.org/uploadedfiles/topics/religious_affiliation/muslim/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf note that [ 42 % in the us ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/170822/believe-creationist-view-human-origins.aspx ) do not believe in evolution , these are presumably christian and puts them behind tunisia or morocco . 
  `` mainstream theologians '' is n't the same as `` all doctrines '' . 
  but apart from sufism there are many other views within islam that do not take to a litteral reading - not in the sense of christian litteralists in scientific matters for instance . 
  some muslim fundamentalists do believe in the same sort of naive scripture-based pseudoscience as christian fundamentalists , but that does n't make it true of all muslims . 
  you think you do . 
  unlike you i am not familiar with all variants and doctrines of islam , but [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esoteric_interpretation_of_the_quran ) does n't look like litteralism to me . 
  you do know about all doctrines of islam , so that 's a lot of expertise already - do n't sell yourself short . 
  the qur ` an does n't strictly forbid drinking , it condemns getting drunk . 
  i do n't think it says anything specifically about smoking though . 
  also it is not true that the most devout muslims are driven to violence - the most fanatical yes , but devotion has little to do with that . 
  i think islam is like every religion - what its followers make of it . 
  you say that because you have studied the various doctrines of islam closely i 'm sure . 
  can you quote the main ones and give us some insight into their particulars ? 
   in my opinion one of the problems is that none of the previous and current governments took ownership of the program this is the core issue i think . 
  it is not easy to find politicians willing to take responsibility , face the facts , and push through necessary reforms . 
  other countries lack them too - but in greece it is desperately needed . 
  no one has to . 
  unless they decide to borrow from them . 
  exactly . 
  this story is embarrassing because the spying got publicized , that 's all . 
  not much spying either , recording conversations held on unencrypted phones can be done by anyone . 
  also , the asylum story is way overblown - france is not even * considering * it , as she said taubira is not in charge of that decision and she was n't even advocating it - she was just having a little fun . 
  sorry but splashing acid or mutilating genitals is not islam , it neither precsribes nor condones either ( unless you are talking about male circumcision , which is common to judaism and islam . 
  female genital mutilation is an issue in africa and is unrelated to islam ) . 
  i am not denying that there is a big issue with women 's condition in many muslim countries . 
  but we are talking about western countries here . 
  there are unacceptable behaviours here too and it is related to the rise of a specific brand of islam - but that is no ground to reject islam in general any more than other religions . 
  as to christian nations you were the one who brought this in , as a comparison to muslim nations - if this did not refer to western countries , then i m not sure what it did refer to . 
   it 's not even close to the same as christian and judaism . 
  not . 
  even . 
  close it is actually extremely close , and stems from common roots . 
   just look at the worst countries in the world with women 's rights . 
  i 'll give you a hint . 
  they are n't christian or jewish nations . 
  this is true but not about traditions . 
  btw france is not a christian nation , thankfully it does not have an official religion . 
  and while traditional catholics with backward views have rallied and battled against divorce , contraception , abortion , civil unions , and gay marriage , they are a minority . 
   also , i do n't give a fuck if it 's insulting . 
  it 's insulting to my western values that women are treated like lesser humans in that culture . 
  so they should n't be insulted if you call their dress garbage , but you are insulted by the way they are treated ( i assumed that 's what you mean when you say your values are insulted ) . 
  well , i am insulted by your attitude but i still believe you should be tolerated in a western society . 
  they are second class to men in muslim tradition in pretty much the same way as in christian and jewish traditions - not that it 's a good thing but there is nothing uniquely muslim about it . 
  as to calling a veil a `` garbage bag '' this is pretty insulting to the women wearing them . 
  as is assuming that `` wives are wrapped up by their husbands '' - some may be forced to wear it , which is abuse and must be condemned but i doubt this is common in france . 
  that a woman choses to wear a head scarf or other kind of dress does not make her unfit to participate in a western society , any more than it does for a man . 
  heh , never heard of that - would you care to share a link , sounds like a fun story , 
  what second class citizenship ? 
  they have the same rights as every other citizen ( or do you mean in some country other than france ? ), 
  also i do n't follow the link between garbage bags in which wives are supposedly thrown ( after being killed by their husbands ? ), 
  and citizenship . 
   wrapping your wife up in a garbage bag what are you talking about ? 
  this is not true . 
  `` taken seriously '' does not mean taken with the view of an extremist sect . 
  islam is far from incompatible with western society , though wahhabism and related versions may be , and their criminal offshoots surely are . 
   violent crime = / = islamic terrorist attacks . 
  `` terrorist '' attacks are very much part of violent crime .
