  another effect is that it will reduce the number of appartments offered for rental overall , because it creates uncertainty : a tenant can now sue for lower rent several months after signing a lease if he believes the rent is not in line with the rules , and it is unclear how the dispute will be resolved . 
  this will push rents up gradually . 
  there are already many taxes and regulations to discourage people from buying or building housing for rental , this is just one more . 
  ... but only 4 presidents . 
  and in france , `` the president decides , the prime minister executes '' , 
   the paper wrote : `` it 's the gossip of the moment that could become the story of the year . '', 
  only it did n't . 
  there was never a scandal , it was gossip and stayed so . 
  in any case an affair by itself will not cause a scandal in france . 
  huh . . sarkozy sex scandal ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
  kind of a vague project though without much immediately attractive prospects given the dismal governance of many if not most african countries - and not that relevant for north africa which trades more with the eu than with other african countries . 
  same here though i flew only occasionnally in the us . 
  my understanding of the tsa rules is that all firearms are prohibited in cabin , with the exceptions of those carried by personnel specifically assigned to the security of that airplane ( air marshalls or such ) which may have special authorization . 
  currently gdp/capita in tunisia is a little behind bulgaria but not that much , pretty sure both are closer to each other than to the eu average and i 'm not aware of bulgarians stealing our jobs - so if/when tunisia joined at some point in the future it would n't be much different . 
  but yes , politicians will not push for it because it is unpopular - as i said it is unfeasible now . 
  not right now , but once ee countries gdp/capita and labor costs have risen enough , yes this could be a good thing in itself . 
  tunisia is a small country so that would n't be much of an issue , but you 're right that popular sentiment is very likely against it which makes it infeasible now ( in addition to the minor detail that they are not a candidate ) . 
  maybe , i do n't know about the african union - is it of any use really ? 
  i suppose tunisia could leave it if necessary without much impact if any ? 
  also tunisia 's top three trade partners are france , germany and italy ( those three together count for 52 % of its exports and 44 % of its imports ) - it is probably already more economically integrated with the eu than with africa . 
  there 's not geographic criteria as such afaik , and tunisia is close to europe with short and easy sea routes for exchange , and already strong existing ties . 
  it is too poor to join now but , and there would be a number of issues to sort out - joining efta could be a better option too , and i do n't recall tunisia asking to join so it 's rather theoretical in any case . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i did n't know they had solar panels 100 years ago . 
  but such projects do n't require membership , we can import electricity from non-eu countries if the economics is workable ( which seems questionable ) . 
  i guess the economic policy trumped other aspects . 
  algeria is not in bad terms with france ( though admittedly the spearation was a little acrimonious at the time ) , but their political and economic system is a disaster . 
  because the kremlin is not a puppet of syriza  anyway it 's an exaggeration to describe syriza as puppets of the kremlin . 
  north africa as a whole , no . 
  but morocco or tunisia , why not ? 
  this would be a long process , especially for morocco , as it would need to change a lot to meet many criteria . 
  algeria is too backward to even start though . 
   while many websites currently ask for users to enter their date of birth before entering , minors can enter a different age which will allow them access . 
  mr cameron proposed that websites ask for bank details or credit card details instead . 
  smart . 
  parents will be happy when they see their credit card bills , 
  yeah the `` limited government '' component of the index is very low for denmark but all the rest is extremely high . 
  it 's a pretty unique country in this respect , in most cases high taxes go together with high regulation etc. 
  like in france . 
  wow that 's weird . 
  i would n't be comfortable at all seeing someone board a plane with a gun , and the fact that the guy is wearing a uniform does n't change that . 
  i would n't say anyone adopted him , he is not particularly popular . 
  i do n't think the authorities are too happy either about the fuss , but they do n't want a diplomatic fight and the risk of losing some arms sales . 
  the beach privatization makes sense though for security reasons . 
  by geared you do n't mean carrying weapons in the cabin ? 
  surely they ca n't do that . 
  as to check in luggage i suppose they must declare them . 
  you 're right , they did not make any fuss over it , and the whole thing seems to have been resolved in a most civil manner - but * they might have : ) *, 
  well what you disagree with then is probably more the relevance of their index for growth than the index itself . 
  that greece has more corruption , a bigger government deficit , stricter labour laws , more tightly regulated markets etc. 
  is pretty factual and those are the kind of things the index aggregates . 
  generally though , that index tends to correlate with medium term economic performance , though the more basic argument for liberalisation is theoretical , not empirical - and i 'm aware alternative economiques opposes it . 
   the ensuing security search of their luggage revealed m16 assault rifles and pistols , kurier reported , which had not been declared or registered . 
  how dare these austrians question the right of americans to carry undeclared assault rifles ? 
  well , even if you do not agree with their assessment on medical insurance ( i do , but that 's another debate and a very lengthy one ) , their index and assessments are interesting - not perfect of course , and their analysis is sometimes a little superficial for some countries , but still instructive . 
  the assessment is of the current situation , things like labour laws , property rights , corruption , or government spending for instance contribute to the lower index for greece . 
  reforms ? 
  as a proxy for liberalization , the heritage index of economic freedom ranks ireland # 9 worldwide , and greece # 130 between suriname and bengladesh ( spain is # 49 and is not doing that great , is unemployment rate is high ) . 
  austerity does n't create growth , it only makes the government finances sustainable . 
  france is # 73 , limping along with neither reforms nor austerity . 
  this is surely an important point now - increasing the eu loans by 25bn or so would be difficult politically . 
  initially it was for their expertise and non-political ( i.e. 
  not part of intra-eu politics ) role , and this probably still counts . 
  also this leak is part of some complex power play whose players are not completely clear , and it does not mean the imf will not participate - they most likely will . 
  edit : as to the imf position , it was expressed by largarde today  `` for any programme to fly , a significant debt restructuring should take place . ''  lagarde added that a rescue plan would have to involve `` four legs '' : - sensible fiscal targets , that are delivered . 
  - structural measures to open up the greek economy . 
  - sufficient financing to make the programme workable . 
  - debt restructuring  lagarde added that the imf would be looking at what the greek government does , not what it says , promising to disregard what she called political `` noise '' , and focus on `` deeds , not creeds '' . 
  nothing really new , no indication that they would want to withdraw , pressure on others to deliver on reforms and debt restructuring . 
  yes but again that 's a staff analysis - the decision does not lie with the staff but with the managing director and the board . 
  no doubt they listen to what their analysts say , but a report presented to the board is nothing more than that unless the board decides to adopt its conclusions . 
  do you have a reference for that ? 
  not saying they did not decide , but the article report is only about advice to the board and comments from some board members , so it would be interesting to know what the board actually decided . 
  i do n't get what the board * decided * from this article . 
  what it was told is only an input to its decisions . 
  there has been for a while a regular leaking of staff papers resisting imf participation , but these do not constitute policy . 
  i 'm afraid it does not tell us that - in fact , in the absence of an explanation , there is no science , sound or otherwise . 
  there is only an observation , still preliminary , which suggests more investigation is needed to understand what is going on . 
  one thing we can certainly not conclude at this point is that there is a momentum-conservation violation . 
  beyond that , what exactly is being measured is unclear . 
  incidentally i wonder why we 're having this discussion in / r/europe : ), 
  sr resolved a tension between various observations and between newtonian physics and maxwell equations , it was not the end of denial , but a solution to a longstanding puzzle . 
  this device is an intriguing oddity , not an established problem for existing theories . 
  anyway , once there are some peer reviewed papers about this we 'll see what might come out of it . 
  it did not take 40 years for sr or gr to be taken serioulsy and they were not accepted just because they were `` not disproved '' - nor are they considered eternal truths . 
  the 1905 paper on the electrodynamics of moving bodies was not either a disproof of absolute spacetime , it proposed that giving up that assumption provided a more effective framework ( in fact the assumption of the existence of an absolute reference frame can not be disproved and iirc this was stressed by einstein ) . 
  it did not change the velocity transformation laws either , which were established before , but gave them a more natural ( and fruitful ) explanation . 
  but this device is not a theory , it exhibits a possible strange effect that deserves investigation . 
  until there is a verification of this effect and a theory explaining it , it can not lead to a paradigm shift : it just does not provide any paradigm to shift to . 
  of course there may well be something further investigation will uncover here , but at this stage we do n't know what it is . 
   that is exactly what happened with relativity , qm and frankly every other discovery . 
  not at all . 
  can you quote one specific example ? 
  now that it may work without violating conservation of momentum is certainly its best chance - how this could be i have no idea but if it does this would at the same time weaken considerably its claims for being an efficient propulsion means which is based on this non conservation ( no need to eject suff so no need to carry in on board ) . 
  still , it 's not impossible but the papers shown here do not lend a lot of optimism . 
  nasa tends to investigate all sort of fringe stuff , probably more for headlines and possibily on the off chance that one might pan out . 
  well , it does n't work by stating random claims and accepting them if not disproved - at all . 
  nor does it work by elimination , but instead by construction . 
  sure some theories can be proven wrong if they make predictions that fail to be verified by experiment , but a `` not yet disproved '' theory is just a speculative possibility , not established science .
