  you can add stiglitz and piketty , does n't change that - the same opinion repeated five times is not more true for it . 
  i did too . 
  appropriately enough , it said ... `` ask again later '' , 
  hard to see a compromise here . 
  if the deal unravels it 's default and grexit , no idea how that will play out . 
  the imf seems to be pushing for this , not sure what game they are playing but it 's not pretty . 
  true but they are designated for an mep seat and accountable for that - not ideal but still a bit better . 
  multi-country elections would indeed be interesting . 
  i disagree with this but then again i disagree with the mega-ecb we got and its hugely excessive role . 
  monetary policy should not be a political tool , and the central bank should only manage it based on sound money principles , because a sound money is valuable to all its users . 
  many different countries can share a common currency , the problem comes from the ecb involvement in government debt and in propping up insolvent banks , and with its heavy politicization . 
  i am slowly drifting towards an anti-euro stance because of this , i used to be very much in favor because initially the system looked like a shared dem , plus some vague incitation to fiscal discipline for france . 
  but it 's not really that now , and its practical usefulness ( which is still great ) is starting to be balanced by its destabilizing overgrowth . 
  qe was a big wake up call . 
  actually i do n't have a problem with eurogroup , it is a way for finmins to agree on joint decisions , and we know who participates . 
  fiscal union being anathema to me , the fact that they go together wo n't help , 
  this is true , but there is a lot of uncertainty too now , projections are pretty useless - starting with reforms , going past a first tough year than if things go well seeing real growth start with confidence coming back , would be a better time to evaluate what makes sense . 
  we probably need some restructuring earlier for political reasons , but really it 's only in 2/3 years time that we 'll know . 
  these six months have set back recovery at least a year so yes it will cost more anyway , but no one can do a huge cut now ( unless it means beimg done with the problem , which would mean greece out of ez prmanently ) and if it does n't work , it 's a whole other issue . 
  we 'll need grexit then , large write downs , amd who knows what else . 
  grexit wo n't be for 5 years though , but 10 at the very least . 
  no idea at all how this would work out , the probability of renewed spending and ( hyper ) inflation is significant , even likely i think . 
  not really , the vote will be determined primarily by national and to some extent local politics , their ez mandate would be a side thing . 
  i would rather see meps from ez doubling up as ezmeps if we must have such a thing ( which i am far from convinced we need , but that 's another matter ) . 
  perhaps i 'm biased also because our parliament is dysfunctional ( well , our whole political system is ) so drawing from their ranks has little appeal . 
  and also because i see this as a move towards fiscal union and similar plans which i find repulsive . 
  no , it was smashed by syriza in the last six months . 
  predictions for 2015 apparently revised from +0.5 to -4.5 which seems about right . 
  grand theoretical schemes and wondrous battles in lieu of actual work do n't produce growth . 
  the new austerity measures are bad ( and tax rises are n't a good idea ) but not drastic by any means , taxes are still lower than in many countries . 
  if they do reforms there will be some contraction initially from the transition ( e.g. 
  firing public sector workers who then need to find a private sector job ) , but the quicker they go on the structural reforms the faster and stronger growth can restart . 
  the plan as stated does have flaws undoubtedly ( all do ) , surely it 's not the best possible one , but it contains some pretty good things too for freeing the economy and allowing growth . 
  thanks !, 
  better now ? 
   you 're not flaired . 
  how do you do that ? 
  not sure what you mean , sorry . 
  france . 
  most mps are from parties but not all . 
  seats are contested individually ( two round election ) . 
  but yes in your case it would n't be an indirect election , but in france it would be either that ( mps voting to designate which of them go ) or something equivalent . 
  the issue i have is not whether it 's technically an indirect election though , but with accountability . 
  i see , i suppose some competition policies might be useful in some cases ( * ) , though many are misguided and primarily what hampers competition is precisely regulations and legal barriers , so improving competition is a matter of reducing regulation , not increasing it . 
  ( * ) there 's one useful case i 'm aware of , it is enforced access to monopoly infrastructure , in some situations , provided it is designed smartly and with a light touch - works well for consumer-connection copper infrastructure in france yielding excellent competition between isps , they 're trying a similar model with gaz and electricity . 
  well our system is different , we elect mps individually not on a country wide party list , so there would have to be a second designation procedure ( election or something else , does n't matter much ) to pick the ezmeps . 
  if the designation among mp is not an election but `` top of the list '' it 's a bit different - not an indirect election , just party designation , with the issue of the double mandate . 
  thanks - had a quick look , the argument is perfectly sound , but the statement then is not as spectacular as it looks : the optimal number of murders in a free society is * not * zero either for similar reasons . 
  ( no / s here , this is clearly correct , and not new ), 
  proportional to the number of citizens has nothing to do with accountabity or with direct/indirect election . 
  here mps are designated ( does n't say how ) from among elected national parliaments . 
  this is not a direct election . 
  difficult 6 months ago for most voters in lendimg countries reluctant , direct impact , plus fear any money to syriza government would be wasted by their following the policies they promised , which would rebuild debt faster that it can be relieved . 
  impossible now because they have actually demonstrated complete disregard for prior commitments and have destroyed trust . 
  two reasons : 1 . 
  the issue concerns what happens several years from now , it has very little to no impact for the next two years - 2 . 
  it was politically very difficult 6 months ago , completely impossible today . 
  so it will happen , just not right now . 
  tsipras has been burning his country to the ground , the urgent thing is to rebuild the basics and start on the right track . 
  oh they 'll come up with far more intrusive laws if given the chance , do n't worry . 
  so most decisions would be taken by this indirectly elected chamber , making sure no one understands how they are taken , and protecting it from accountability since they would face voters only as mps , based on national issues . 
  i would vote against , but probably either wo n't be asked , or will be ignored . 
  thanks ~ ~ hollande ~ ~ piketty . 
  edit : hollande did n't go into details , so it seems the author of that silly proposal is piketty . 
  at least that man is not in power . 
  yes 0.05 is a very loose threshhold . 
  if you use just a single 0.05 study to decide that a drug is effective , once you 've gone through 20 drugs , there is a very good chance ( about 2/3 ) one of these drugs is not effective at all . 
  i imagine no one does that ... 
   it 's a pretty delicate system that only works if we all agree to make it work . 
  ... which seems to be the issue here with russia , more than technicalities , 
  yes sorry i used `` appeal to '' in a loose layman way , i agree with your point ( not sure what 's the right word though ) . 
  edit - also , in reply to your edit replying to my edit , what i said about prior verification of compatibility is not actually automatic , it 's a precaution which can be taken when there 's a doubt to avoid having to deal with it afterwards . 
  hmm ok , actually it 's somewhat similar in france , treaties do n't actually outrank the constitution either ( consitution is amended through regular procedures if the country wants to sign a treaty that is found incompatible - happened a few times with european treaties ) . 
  but citizens can ~ ~ appeal to ~ ~ file a case with ( ? ), 
  ehcr , i thought that was part of the treaty itself that they can do so , and i 'm not aware of any mechanism through which a decision of that court can be declared unconstitutional ( not a specialist though ) . 
  edit - corrected `` appeal '', 
  this seems weird , it means ireland would breach a treaty it has signed to contest a decision made by a court established by the treaty , despite having agreed to abide by these decisions ? 
  does the constitutional court actually examine and rule on ehcr decisions ? 
  in france the constitutional court rules on compatibility of the treaty with the constitution before the treaty is signed . 
  note that in russia 's case , i would not be particularly surprised by a treaty breach . 
  i 've never seen what too little regulation looks like , so i would n't know , but i imagine it can . 
  antitrust is mostly a big waste though - fighting microsoft and google over imaginary monopolies . 
  that 's an important point - not sure about 1 ) , but 2 ) is very true . 
  dismantling regulations and bureaucracies , and simplifying those left has the advantage of removing the brakes to business as well as the reason for corruption - you do n't need to pay a bribe to cut through red tape if there 's no red tape . 
  they do try to adress this too , we 'll see how well they succeed . 
  in the same vein it 's important not to strike too much at undeclared work which is the only possible work for many when labour regulation and other government action restricts employment possibilities , but focus more on removing barriers to official work . 
  unless they have accounts abroad of course , only accounts in greece are impacted . 
  it could have influenced some , sch\u00e4uble maybe ( he did say `` the imf is right , they need a haircut , but this can not be done within the euro '' before the eurogroup iirc ) , but in truth this imf analysis becomes irrelevant if the reforms succeed and lead to rapid growth , and these are just imf projections and opinions , not facts , nor something surprising we suddenly learn - they had done a similar analysis not long ago . 
  this ( structural reforms ) is also what the vast majority of the proposed program is about , the `` austerity '' part ( i.e. 
  mainly balancing the government budget ) is quite limited . 
  the explicit inclusion of debt restructuring in the grexit option by sch\u00e4uble does suggest he meant it as such . 
  not sure merkel was on the same page though . 
  emperor constantine xii erdogan agrees . 
  well yes this is true , but a slightly more generous offer formulated with more grace would have shown good will and vision . 
  not that the terms are all bad here , prior a action was necessary etc. 
  but as they stand they do reek of punishment . 
  adding a more specific commitment to debt relief ( while keeping it strictly conditional and future ) for instance , as well as setting the privatization fund to 20 or 30 bn instead of 50 bn . 
  well this is house of cards level politics and it 's hard to guess without insider knowledge . 
  but last time there was a big move for a bric director , then china threw her weight behind lagarde in exchange for zhu min 's nomination as deputy m.d. 
  - do n't know what the politics are now .
