  what * would * happen is that these notes would be refused ( they are easily identifiable ) . 
  well then those `` euros '' would n't be accepted outside of greece . 
  there are legal ways to issue a new currency , i do n't know why they would resort to an illegal one . 
  and no they are not `` within their rights '' to do that , the bog is part of the euro system and it issues euros subject to approval of the ecb , as all other national central banks in the ez do . 
  either they would issue notes with a serial number identifying them as bog issue , or they would issue counterfeits with serials of another country . 
  they wo n't . 
  how is it helpful to ask `` what if the bog were run by crooks ? '', 
  it is n't , that 's all . 
  i wish they 'd mind their own business . 
  not that he 's saying anything outrageous , but beyond offering sympathy and support his interference does n't help anyone . 
  this scenario is impossible - no region would secede while it is dependent on the state 's aid . 
  but if for some weird reason they wanted out because they wanted more public services , knowing that they would actually get much less of those on their own , well , i 'd wish them luck . 
  i 'd rather not speculate . 
  what matters now is what the greek voters will say . 
  this is two weeks old - might as well be from another century . 
  i would favor substantial debt relief if there was a government willing to implement spending cuts , thorough reform in all areas and a business friendly policy that would allow growth to start , hiring to pick up etc. 
  this relief should be conditional on actual implementation . 
  definitely no if it means money sent with no strings attached , and also definitely no for a keynesian spending program . 
  good point . 
  it 's tough to campaign for a yes , when the question is about accepting an offer that wo n't be relevant as such because tsipras has already rejected it . 
  i do n't understand how asking that specific question can be constitutional , the question itself is a lie . 
  those who want to find a solution with the institutions ( not against them ) will have to say `` vote yes '' * and * explain this does * not * lead to that proposal being accepted . 
  that 's good , though some questionable spending decisions did go through in those few months . 
  but this is besides the point - they will not get money based on proclaimed intentions , especially not right after they default and explain they wo n't curtail spending . 
  maybe they should , maybe it is n't fair , but they wo n't . 
  this blank cheque you think tsipras is going to get after a no vote is simply not going to happen , it is politically impossible . 
  even if you are correct in your assessment of the consequences , this cheque will still not come . 
  there will be humanitarian aid if needed but even that will come with close monitoring to ensure the money is not taken by the government to spend on fighter jets or tv stations instead of being given to the intended recipients . 
  i do n't think it does need that image - if syriza is beaten in its referendum the point will have been made that anti-austerity rhetoric leads to a bad outcome . 
  the eu and the imf need the image of successful cooperation . 
  yes it wo n't be easy . 
  either way there will be negociations , and a complex situation to handle - but there is a big difference between negociations held as a confrontation between irreconciliable viewpoints , and one where both sides agree on key points . 
  assuming a government truly supporting reforms could be formed , both it and the institutions would have a strong interest in success , since it would be a joint success and not one party winning against the other . 
  the unknown is in that assumption . 
   homo ~ ~ sexuality ~ ~ phobia is a mental disorder ftfy, 
  ok i am sure i am misunderstanding you , you can not possibly be saying what i 'm reading here . 
  well , i.suppose with a yes vote tsipras will resign and we could have both sides of the table working towards the same goal , so time would n't be wasted on grandstanding but used to find solutions . 
  good will could be restored . 
  ethnic hate ? 
  please , this is ridiculous . 
  these words seemed unfortunate and could easily be twisted by tsipras into showing her disdain for democracy , but i listened to the interview and i did not hear her use them . 
  she stresses that the proposal is not valid after tuesday ( she says `` this is a legal issue '' ) , so as a matter of fact a yes vote would not result in its adoption , but she insists several times that if there is a yes vote it will be taken into account , they will try to find a way to help greece get back on course . 
  it is quite obvious that the situation after tuesday if there is no agreement by then will be new and different , and if the result is yes there will be work to do to repair the damage already done , it will not reset the clock back a week . 
  yeah i think its like general relativity and newtonian gravity . 
  we know and admire the achievements of newton , and what gr owes to it , but we also know which one is more complete and accurate : ), 
  if creditors were to pursue recovery aggressively they should be able to obtain judgments allowing them to seize various assets and accounts . 
  ecb or imf wo n't do that but some debt is held in private hands , and the case for claiming recovery should be far more straightforward than that of argentina 's holdouts . 
  the standard position of islam regarding judaism and christianism acknowledges a closer relation than that , ie that they worship the * same * god , and the qur ` an recommends reading the bible . 
  i read `` all religions '' as broader than that , but each responder must have his own interpretation of the question . 
  and if i understand correctly those transfers do n't consist in money sent out to states to do with as they please , but of federal programs which treat citizens the same wherever they live . 
  that would n't fly with the likes of tsipras . 
  yes that would be a good opportunity for tsipras to storm out and say `` this is completely unacceptable !, 
  i am calling a referendum so the greek people can demand that their drachmas will be exchanged one for one for euros when we rejoin ! '', 
  ecb ca n't do that , that currency will be inflated by the government quite fast to maintain nominal social spending , and will drop in value quicly . 
  the ecb does n't have a mandate to lose money defending such currencies . 
  a velvet divorce would be possible if the country had sound fiscal policies , the bog held substantial reserves , and the greek banking system was healthy . 
  plus it would need political good will on both sides . 
  yes it is a matter of time - now parliaments do not have time to approve an agreement , and there is no agreement for them to approve . 
  yes materially they would have the time to approve an extension with no strings attached and a greek government saying they will not agree to what s on offer but they need the extension in case their voters say yes to a proposal that will have expired when they vote : but how could they do that ? 
  it does n't make sense and it would n't fly with the voters . 
  had greece accepted today , parliaments would have convened and most likely approved and the calendar would just barely work . 
  oh well , let the bad news come one at a time ... 
  you may be right about the conditions - as one official said these programs work if there is a government committed to them . 
  i still think they will try to help as much as they can , but tsipras killed any certainty about the outcome , as well as destroyed much popular support for continued aid in other countries ...  they will probably try to get their money out of the bank yes that 's why bank holiday may be needed and capital controls will most likely set in by monday unless there 's a new about turn . 
  now what to make of this ? 
  an agreement on what ? 
  they were close to an agreement and they just stormed away from the table and blasted the whole process , how could an agreement happen by tuesday ? 
  on what basis ? 
  who knows what they have in store yet ... 
  in the meantime the odds for grexit have gone from 10 % to 50 % . 
  agreed . 
  they will do all they can in that case and will offer in substance the same thing , but it is unclear who they will be negociating the details with , especially if a yes triggers new elections . 
  agreed . 
  it is a sad thing indeed , but it was the right thing for the eurogroup to do , accepting reality and saying no instead of deflecting the responsibility to parliaments , which would have just wasted a few more days and led to more acrimony but the same outcome . 
  the eurogroup could not responsibly extend the program when the greek government has stated it does not accept the proposal and has not committed to anything if the program is extended . 
  in the meantime the eurogroup 's job is to contain the fallout from this , help the bog establish capital controls , the ecb will need to support peripheral countries debts if needed etc. 
  unfortunately the ecb must probably also stop ela after thursday ( or is it tuesday ? 
  i 'm getting lost with all those deadlines ... ) as it can not pretend anymore that there is a credible prospect of an agreement - which was the basis for its extending ela much beyond what it would normally have done . 
  i do n't think this will trigger an immediate collapse though - the government may declare a bank holiday till after the referendum or take similar measures if it wants to keep the door open for a yes . 
  and a default can be cured after the fact in that eventuality ,, 
   as one can always get back together later . 
  probably yes but with conditions to fulfil . 
  who knows , in that scenario turkey might join the eu before greece comes back : ) it 's just speculation of course , and tsipras has demonstrated beyond any doubt his ability to screw up a negotiation , but i would expect both eu and greece would try to find a way ( e.g. 
  though a packaged out & in agreement ) for greece to stay within the eu - and making an exception to the conditions for joining eu might be doable in that case but not for a later application . 
   is asuming you can only get rid of the ez membership with article 50 you mean , by getting out of the eu using article 50 , and then negotiate to get back in with a euro opt out ( or even without one as greece would be far from fulfilling the conditions for adopting the euro ) ? 
  tsipras does n't care - if there 's no extension he can say the evil eu treacherously removed their offer and insulted the greek people so he has no choice but to pull out , none of this being his own responsibility . 
  he 's made up his mind to default and has done a political coup to shift the blame on others . 
  that president would do the honorable thing by resigning himself . 
  there was at least one tweet condemning him , which by his standards is quite reason enough . 
  i agree that a yes would be politically highly meaningful , and eu would definitely propose an updated version in that case . 
  maybe they 'll even publish that version during the week , though this would be delicate , for tsipras could very well refuse that update and say the referendum is still on the previous version ... who knows what he 's doing , maybe not even tsipras himself . 
  they did make substantial changes after that counterproposal though , according to various declarations . 
  but what it is exactly i do n't know . 
  the imf payment on jun30 is n't an issue . 
  yes they wo n't pay , they will be in arrears , but this has no * immediate * effects - even if he had agreed to the offer there was talk of a few days delay in this payment . 
  the problem is more ela i think . 
  he is gambling that other countries , including those where a parliement must vote , will agree to it and that the ecb will disregard legality for the sake of it . 
  possible , we 'll see . 
  it is disgraceful if as reported they reacted that way to a tweet ( from a nobody on top of that ) not even bothering to do a proper investigation . 
  they 'll propose something if it comes to a yes , though it can not be exactly the same , and tsipras may well say `` this is not the jun25 proposal the voters agreeed to , so we ll have another referendum '' or whatever .
