  aha , good call there , 
  yes , verhofstadt said it better than anyone . 
  oh their first 5 months have been disastrous on so many counts it 's better not to list them  i wonder though if the outcome if a deal is done might not be a syriza split and a reconfiguration across the political spectrum . 
  tsipras seems strong but not the parties , so he could perhaps call a new election ar some point to get a stable majority behind him and his plan ? 
  otherwise syriza 's left could regroup and at least obstruct if not drag him down . 
  interesting exchange - it seems the posters from greece are saying `` we got a better deal '' and the others are saying `` we did n't give up anything '' - if the actual deal ( assuming it goes through ) turns out in a way that is perceived as a win by each side , how much more do we want ? 
  well the imf ca n't forbid a country from unilaterally deciding to cut its military spending . 
  and if the country does that , the imf ca n't ignore the impact this has on the budget . 
  no they rejected it because syriza 's left wing had the power to block a deal then . 
  the referendum gave a mandate to tsipras himself , and they have lost that power . 
  as incensed as i am at him for all he did , i do n't agree . 
  if someone can actually implement true reforms , it may be him - who else ? 
  yes he has done a tremendous amount of damage to his country and to europe , but if he turns around and manages to use his domestic political capital to sell the program at home and do what previous governments agreed to but never did , he can do much good too . 
  not that i trust him unconditionally at all , but give him a chance . 
  yes , all have to approve . 
  i 'm not clear though on the calendar - i guess what can be done in the next few days is sign the mou , implement some kind of bridge loan , agree on principles and start work 3d bailout - but when will this actually be finalized , maybe in a month ? 
  and then hold the restructurimg talks ... 
  agreed . 
  and a peaceful society is one where the second aspiration is reined in . 
  this is a weakness of many of our democracies , where gaining power over others and imposing on them the will of the majority easily becomes a negative sum game . 
  that 's a key difference . 
  i do n't want to gain control and power over others , and i do n't want others to gain power and control over me . 
  hoping for everyone to be able to equally oppress everyone else is a sad dream . 
  well you have a point , the posture of transparency from one side is n't the same as transparency . 
  but having the negotiations held with full transparency would lead either to the escalation of any word misplaced into a full controversy dissected in the press , commented in parliaments etc , with disastrous results not dissimilar to those of these unilateral leaks , or with everyone talking so guardedly that no progress could be made . 
  personally i would rather have results than records of every word uttered . 
  what matters to me is the quality of the agreement and of its implementation ( though i did enjoy the show , it was the best reality tv i 've seen ) . 
  oh sorry i misinterpreted what you said - in fact i completely agree with you here : ), 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree here , at least to some extent . 
  glasshouse diplomacy just does n't work . 
  actually , i think this was part of the reason for ( or at least a clear symptom of ) the failure of these negociations - far too much twittering , posturing , leaking , accusing , denouncing publicly instead of negociating . 
  this does not mean everything should be secret , or that we should n't have any transparency - but too much transparency is good for the press , for twitter , and for reddit , but it can easily derail negociations if used without care . 
  separation of church and state does not prohibit a party from calling itself christian or defending traditional christian values though , and we do have those ( including in france where i would say separation of church and state is fairly well established ), 
  well if everyone really does it then its part of the agreed rules . 
  this is a little surprising though , taking notes is one thing , recording another . 
  of course recording others without permission is unacceptable , so it hinges on whether this was in fact permitted behavior , and i admit i do n't know , though i would find it very weird . 
  and no , transparency has its place , it is very important , but negociations are either transparent or successfull , not both . 
  varoufakis sure brought transparency . 
  fair point . 
  i am not comfortable with state funding of radical anticapitalist parties who advocate the destruction of our way of life either . 
  not fully comfortable with state funding of any parties actually - but this is a difficult issue , and if we conclude that we must fund parties then we must fund all that accept the rules of the democratic process , and reject violent means to support their goals . 
  i do know muslim traditionalists and contrary to what you imply they are not all of the jihadist persuasion , far from it . 
  it is precisely this attitude of rejection , telling many muslims they have no place in society , telling them that anyone holding traditional values is as good as a terrorist , which contributes to fuelling radicalism . 
  it is not of course the only reason , saudi wahhabism infiltration plays an important role , as well as many other factors . 
  but wholesale rejection only strengthens it and brings it recruits . 
  i am certainly not denying the existence of violent radicalism , nor its growing influence . 
  but this does not make islam - not even traditional islam - criminal . 
  there are parties of all stripes , not all very attractive . 
  the catholic church has constantly sponsored activism against contraception , abortion , divorce , civil union , and gay marriage . 
  tradionalist muslims pretty much share the same values as traditionalist christians , and they have the same right to express them , including through the political process . 
  this does not mean that sponsoring violence is acceptable , and a party which does so should be banned on that account - but not because it claims itself to hold muslim or christian values . 
  in fact , giving a legitimate voice to those attached to such values is not only part of democracy , it is also necessary to fight radicalism - for now ( in france at least ) we are more and more outlawing dress , outlawing opinions , outlawing speech - criminalizing it even . 
  but equating opinions with crimes also means equating crimes with opinions , which feeds sympathy for those chosing violence . 
  their motto : '' sex is about children ! '', 
  yeah we do n't look good , only gays look good !, 
  well , let 's hope he does . 
  hmm we 've had our share of stories about political party financing too . 
  some went to trial but more often it 's like you describe . 
  still recently , many suspicions ( and a couple judicial inquiries ) about sarkozy though nothing proved ( well , some pretty well established , but he said he did n't know - if necessary someone lower down will fall on his sword ) . 
  yeah they should do it on reddit instead , it would be much more productive . 
  not very good , strange that there was no prosecution then . 
  many meetings are held under such rules and for good reason . 
  breaking the rules of a meeting as to how public what is said inside is , is a very serious breach of trust and he was rightly called out for it . 
  one of the best way to kill a negociation is to make it in public . 
  an even surer way is to make public what was said in confidence . 
  this is completely ridiculous , germany is not waging war on anyone . 
  this statement is n't even interesting to debate . 
  really ? 
  is the case under investigation ? 
  `` alleged corruption '' is one thing but presumably there is a judicial process to clarify whether it is `` corruption '' or `` not corruption '' : ), 
  well the `` tax scandals '' are scandals in the eye of the beholder - it is all about perfectly legal schemes as far as i know , what i 've read about them looks like a non-issue to me . 
  the secret service thing is certainly an embarasssment and not the best thing to have on his resume . 
  still if those are the two things op refers to , they do n't really put his credibility or legitimacy in question in his current position . 
  well , if a country wants to wage war against others , it should leave the union . 
  the eu is a place for working together , not fighting , and you do n't join a club to trash the place and set it afire . 
  take an anger management course instead . 
  never did in all its history - not for zimbabwe , not for sudan , not for any country . 
  how could it do it for one of the richest country it has ever helped ? 
  this is for haircuts though , adjustments to the term of the loans , repaying an outstanding loan and getting a better one instead ... there might be ways it can contribute . 
  actually , it is almost an endorsement of debt restructuring - provided it is not a haircut . 
  nobody `` commits a scandal '' , so what do you find objectionable in his past , specifically ? 
  you question his right to speak against corruption - are you accusing him of being corrupt himself ? 
  do you have proof ? 
  that is a serious worry , i agree . 
  we do risk another unrealistic program leading to yet another crisis in 2018 when the three year loan comes due . 
  anyway , if there is an agreement , everything will rely on tsipras ( miraculously ? ), 
  morphing into a great reformer . 
  an agreement - any agreement - is * not * a solution , it is only * the possibility * of a solution . 
  years of dedicated effort will then be needed for it to actually work . 
   `` we went into a war '' that was the whole problem . 
  the eu is not a place for a country to wage war against others , and this stance brought destruction . 
  that they thought they could win the war was hubris , but it is secondary . 
  agreed . 
  not even sure `` close '' would be good enough - there is room for fine tuning in those last two days , but not for haggling and certainly not for posturing . 
  any wrong move making it look like he 's again trying a gamble would destroy the fragile goodwill that is emerging . 
  well , if it can do the same for serbia and others , that will be great . 
  hey we all have some reproaches to make to the eu , but helping countries get themselves in better shape is n't one of them  i would only say , the eu did n't make you correct things , it provided incentives - but at the end of the day success depends on whether the country itself embraces change for its own good , or not . 
  well , it seems romania is getting really serious about its corruption problem now , so its future is looking brighter . 
  that 's the right way to do it and it works ( well , i think - croatia is doing quite well , right ? ) . 
  hurried admission to solve a political problem , disregarding structural failings and hoping for the best on the other hand ...
