  that is what makes a true leader . 
  as verhosfstadt said he has the most personal legitimacy of any prime minister in greece for a long time . 
  i also read a number of comments here ( in the excellent community ama ) that many oxi voters were saying no to the return of the old parties and attendant clientelism and corruption - if so , tsipras could win with a tough but serious program offering real hope . 
  but that is only the optismistic view of course , whether it is likely i ca n't tell . 
  germany is not isolated here , i am sure merkel approves of this . 
  could be - on the other hand having * one country * less disciplined and more adverse to reform than you within the eurozone made france look better  what i would hope , is that having helped the greeks design a true fiscally responsible reform program , they come back to france and replicate it here . 
  not sure . 
  syriza is many parties , tsipras now has the choice to ditch the crazies and reform greece , collaborating with europe , or follow them to their path of destruction . 
  this is certainly not about a transfer union , it is about greece taking responsibility and implementing a serious and credible program , which the french team can help them formulate and number-crunch - acting as consultants here . 
   i seriously hope france is taking their orders from germany on this case . 
  i very much doubt that , but if they can do something , it is help the greeks make a serious proposal that would be acceptable to germany . 
  bear in mind it is a technical team , not politicians . 
  excellent piece , this summarizes well the choice tsipras is facing - the choice verhofstadt expressed is such striking terms . 
  well , we have different alternative history scenarios on what might have been , it does n't matter much though , we 'll just see what comes next . 
  in my view , yes and no : had tsipras proposed a convincing reform and spending cut program , and put as the only condition a commitment to start restructuring talk , he would have had the support of france , italy , and the imf at least and i think a deal could get done ( in essence , what he can get now minus the drama , default , and capital controls ) . 
  the issue is he was n't offering that , instead red lines everywhere ( admittedly he may have been held hostage by his left wing ) . 
  anyway , water under the bridge ( costly as it may have been both to his country and to europe ) , we 'll see now what comes tonight . 
  i amnot entirely excluding a serious proposal , given the reports of gettimg a french technical team on board - for one thing they are very good , they know the eu ( they also know how to make pretend budget cuts and minimal reforms look good enough to brussels , but i hope that 's not what they were brought in for ) , and it does not make a lot of sense for tsipras to get them if he does not intend to do a deal and let his left wing split off or fold . 
  yes but price controls always have the same effects , and they are negative . 
  softer ones have less impact , that 's all . 
  but if you mean influence , then yes , they can : remove barriers if they exist ( e.g. 
  some countries have restrictive policies for large supermarkets - remove those and consumers have access to cheaper goods ) , get eu to cancel remaining barriers to import of cheap goods where they exist , etc , lower costs of doing business any way you can - competition will do the rest . 
  today we can all buy incredibly cheap clothes for instance , thanks to lowering import barriers . 
  you said `` past deals '' so i assumed you meant ... `` past deals '' : ) but yes as to the proposals made during the last negociations they did not include debt restructuring . 
   there was no form of debt restructuring , this is simply not true . 
  there was substantial debt restructuring including large haircuts , grace periods , maturity extensions , and interest reductions . 
  that it was insufficient as a permanent solution is true , but you can not say there was none . 
  and it did bring down interest costs to sustainable levels . 
  bear in mind that state control of prices do more harm than good as they produce shortages . 
  this is not a way to raise standards of living at all . 
  if done while staying in an open market like the eu , the result would be that subsidized stuff would be reexported for profit to neighboring countries where it can be sold at market price . 
  you would of course see a black market develop , with market price stuff available to those with money and connections . 
  even better , 
  this was done already to a large extent , which is the reason why , despite the high amount of debt , its interest costs are low . 
  the sustainability discussion concerns principal repayment mainly . 
  but yes , when there 's talk of relief or restructuring , it means primarily things like extending maturities and grace periods again , cutting the rate etc. 
  it is in fact huge , and the title is a deliberate distortion . 
  the article makes sensible points one may or may not agree with , but includes nothing remotely close to that title . 
  personally i would not object to a `` muslim democrat '' party any more than to a `` christian democrat '' one , though i would vote for neither . 
  i really do n't think that 's on the cards , surely not in the short term . 
  parallel currency / ious and a de facto partial suspension of ez membership , yes - but eu exit ? 
  there is no reason for that , no benefit either , and no one wants it . 
  it 's more about hollande than about the government , the prime minister has much higher approval ratings . 
  they must have printed something , at the very least as contingency planning . 
  even if they put forward a proposal they can hardly be sure of it being accepted now by both lenders and their parliament . 
  they just need enough notes to distribute with a low limit at first , most of the ious or drachmas will be electronic anyway . 
  they may perhaps even have just used their euro printing press , stamping `` iou '' or something on the notes in a way that invalidates them as euros . 
  how many could they print in 10 days ? 
  would n't that be enough to feed the atms ? 
  maybe . 
  she is very articulate , not one to mince words , and if she wanted to say that she would say it directly and not in passing speaking to some us think tank . 
  also she is certainly not a mouthpiece for the us administration . 
  the mere fact that debt restructuring is needed ( without saying when , how , and under which condition ) is agreed by the eurogroup too . 
  said today but hardly big news given that she 's been saying it consistenly for about the last three years . 
  i ca n't read the text but that picture is really good , 
  there will be inflation with a new currency , but if they do not make a proposal acceptable to the lenders it is the only option , as the banks will be cut off from ecb support . 
  they need to prepare for it - it may well be of questionnable legality but this is probably the least of their worry . 
  it would be best if they negociated a clean exit from the eurozone , but politically it does n't look like they can . 
  was the rehiring forced by a court decision ? 
  i admit i was n't aware of that . 
  giving money unconditionally is not a possibility , it would even be illegal under the european treaties . 
  if that is what you mean , the answer has been known for long : no . 
  oxi if you prefer . 
  talk is easy , i have n't seen their bailout offer though . 
   the syriza government proposed to employ massive numbers of new tax inspectors , but this was postponed because they ca n't afford it and troika insists on further cut and yet they had no qualms about rehiring 1500 previously laid off public sector workers instead . 
  sorry but the `` lenders prevented it '' excuse does n't fly . 
  loans to greece are not made with the expectation to be profitable , nor even repaid in full - if they were , they would get private sector funds easily . 
  they are made for political reasons , for preserving the union , etc. 
  indeed , `` bad sportsmanship '' is a very gentle way to describe it , assuming the article is factual . 
  if siemens had any real qualms over this they would have made them known earlier - presumably pipistrel would win if it sued siemens over this , but can they afford to ? 
  note that articles 12 to 16 of the esm treaty spell out the process , this is only the first step - a key condition to any assistance is the signing of an mou * ( `` the conditionality attached to the esm loans shall be contained in a macro-economic adjustment programme detailed in the mou , in accordance with article 13 ( 3 ) ) * , which is where the substance lies . 
  all i know is it 's complicated - when a treaty says how breaches are handled ( within the treaty in this case afaik ) , i do n't think international law can invent remedies outside the treaty . 
  suits and countersuits are always possible , but i do n't expect there is anything like a clear outcome . 
  i have no idea , really , maybe an expert in international law can answer . 
  i really doubt the eu would try illegal ( or borderline legal ) sanctions though , if only because of the experience of the austria case in 2000 . 
  i ca n't even tell if you 're sarcastic or if you really mean it . 
  agreed , this might come into play not from just grexit , but in some kind of `` going rogue '' scenarios like those mentionned in the crazy talk of some syriza hardliners . 
  it there is no agreement , everyone 's interest is still to keep greece in the eu unless the crazies seize power and start actively sabotaging the union . 
  i must say this is one area where it is impossible to agree . 
  i actually view the lenders previous proposals in this respect as too timid , but they are seen by others as tremendous austerity . 
  i expect that my country will soon take significantly more severe measures to balance its own pension system , without being forced to do it by any lenders or looming default . 
  this is true , but as you say it 's not expulsion but suspension ( still big ) , and also this relates only to breaches of article 2 - which was n't intended for such cases ar all , though the rule of law provision could perhaps be twisted into use . 
  and iirc there are steps to the process , the country can defend itself etc , it would not be a simple matter . 
  plus what you mention about unanimity ... 
  in addition i doubt very much that others would even * want * to go that route . 
  i see - wonder what the holder split is today . 
  still , holders might roll them over : if they do n't they know they may not get paid and this triggers default , if they do they have a chance that the agreement goes through . 
  and they could get a 50 % or higher yield to make it worth the risk too . 
  another possibility is that some governments ( france and germany maybe ) might discreetly put some backstop bids at the auction to ensure it does n't fail , using some semi-gov institutions as a front . 
  but we 'll know very soon , apparently the auction is tomorrow ( well , today now ) http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idusl8n0zj23n20150703?irpc=932 for clearing the imf arrears ( and paying the ecb on the 20th too ) they 'll use the bridge loan that will be part of the agreement if there is one . 
  edit : the bills were rolled over at auction today . 
   which will put it in contravention of the treaties and be forced out of the eu . 
  there is no provision for forcing a country out , breach or no breach . 
   b ) the eurogroup and imf just decide to prolong the discussions although we 've seen this scenario time and again , it does seem much less likely this time : a deal must be approved and executed before the 20th , and if sunday 's solemn all-eu summit ends in failure , what would they have left to discuss ( apart from some orderly eurozone exit and similar damage control ) ? 
  actually , if there is no agreed plan before , that summit is set to discuss plan b , and i expect that 's what they would do . 
  no no , the secret love story is between lagarde and varoufakis , 
  this is a debatable point , although the pro-inflation camp is clearly dominant . 
  well no ideal solution exists for either party , not even good ones i 'm afraid - they 'll have to do with acceptably bad and spin it as satisfactory . 
  it 's more a matter of avoiding worse ones . 
   greece owes 2 billion to t-bill holders this friday .
