  it 's not a question of fat to cut , it is a matter of matching expenses to revenue . 
  that is the constraint , the rest is the government 's job to make it work . 
  btw this is extreme in greece but not unique , we have a similar problem in france where everyone knows our pension system is unsustainable despite several past small reforms , yet the current government made it even worse through vote-buying measures , instead of tackling it serioulsly . 
  it 's not a question of fat to cut , it is a matter of matching expenses to revenue . 
  that is the constraint , the rest is the government 's job to make it work . 
  btw this is extreme in greece but not unique , we have a similar problem in france where everyone knows our pension system is unsustainable despite several past small reforms , yet the current government made it even worse through vote-buying measures , instead of tackling it serioulsly . 
  this is a political position , not an economic one ( the interest payments were sustainable , the issue was repayment ) - conditionality is a way to try to make sure that the reforms are actually carried out . 
  the core issue so far with greece has been the a lack of a credible government committed to reforms and fiscal discipline , which is stable and has popular support . 
  unconditional relief against promises may sound best but only if there is a government that is strongly committed to both reforms and discipline . 
  with syriza given what the last five months have shown this looks impossible , their red lines would soon build new debt and require yet more relief . 
  it was probably not possible either with the previous government - the slide in deficit last year and their reluctant and half hearted implementation of reforms were testimony to that . 
  the system must be brought to balance - within that constraint the government must make choices , and protecting the poorest the most is an understandable priority of course . 
  i ca n't read the original but the english version is not `` declaring such intent '' - though i understand it may be read as the implicit meaning . 
  in any case from other posts i get that these polls may not be worth much whoever releases them . 
  maybe averaging the polls paid by yes suporters and those paid by no supporters would give a better idea - or best , ignore them all . 
  the estimate from betting markets currently is slightly in favor of yes , but it 's been volatile . 
  not the most ptedictable of votes . 
  does this mean there are no independent pollsters with sound methodology at all in greece ? 
  a proper polling institute does not skew results this way . 
  edit : in any case would even the best polls be reliable in such circumstances ? 
  yes , early retirement and other aspects of the pension scheme seem to have been a big factor in building up the imbalances and the level of pension spending is unsustainable , so some reduction there seems unavoidable . 
  i am struggling to understsand the meaning of this document . 
  another translation [ here ] ( https://www.facebook.com/solidaritywithgreece/posts/1683340338553109:0 ) has this paragraph as part of its `` predictions of outcome '' part and seems to describe what would be good for yes - but do you really think they intend ( and have the means ) to influence pollsters ? 
  you equate `` it will be visible '' with `` it will be fake '' but this seems to be quite a stretch just from those words . 
  difficult of course , but say if someone is sending you money from abroad ( either as help or to pay for something you sell them or anything ) , asking to get btc instead of transfer to bank account may be worth considering - this could go wrong in different ways though , i do n't really know , it just seems likely that some will try this option . 
  how can nd fix polls ? 
  are n't they done by independent polling institutes ? 
  that is one interpretation , though not one i share . 
  a number of reforms are listed in the proposals and various other documents , and steps towards cutting social spending to reduce deficits are only one of many items . 
  no one knows for sure either , speculations about tsipras ' motivation in taking that step are endless . 
  but the consequences of a no look like reincorcing tsipras ' confrontational stance and making negociations very difficult , with a default on july 20th and consequently removal of ela almost unavoidable . 
  a yes probably would mean more cooperative negociation and a possibility of perhaps avoiding default if all parties work hard , quickly , and imaginatively - and once that is done , the possibility of finding a more long term solution . 
  the report goes into details , but the imf position that the greek debt was unsustainable and debt relief needed was expressed many times before by lagarde , so the content is surely not a surprise . 
  but a report is not a position , and the imf position is `` no debt relief without reform '' . 
  which makes sense since that would solve nothing at all . 
  i 'd give you bronze if i had any , 
  you can send all the euros you want from abroad * into * a greek bank account . 
  whether the recipient will see the color of that money is another matter , but if it 's the government there 's no problem . 
  not that they will ever send a cent to greece from that collection of course . 
  btc seem a good option in greece today . 
  if i were in greece i would rather receive btc to a personnal wallet than euros in a bank account which ca n't be accessed and may well be wiped out . 
  oh good i thought the ecb had cut funding to / r/europe . 
  there may be another aspect contributing - the younger can better manage the risk of collapse following a no , they have the option to emigrate - while the older are dependent on pensions and savings , both of which could be crushed in real terms in that case . 
  edit : also , conservative = keep it the way it is = stay with euro . 
  and the confrontational / revolutionary stance of tsipras must appeal more to a younger audience . 
  it was n't necessarily a mistake , but the criteria defined for joining should have been applied . 
  as it happened the numbers were faked a little in many countries , and hugely in greece of course , which should certainly not have joined at the time . 
  they did not refuse , they agreed to the principle , but yes they were on the later rather than earlier side . 
  it was a miscalculation - they probably gave too much weight to the fact that financially the debt relief was not an urgent issue , it was ( is ) needed for a long term solution . 
  the issue was political on both sides . 
   which part of the imf are you referring to ? 
  the managing director . 
  many statements on and off the record , just one example : http://www.ekathimerini.com/152706/article/ekathimerini/business/imfs-lagarde-has-no-doubts-about-european-debt-relief-for-greece but yes , it was always conditional on reform implementation - however in the discussion between lenders , she 's been reported as being the one pushing for it earlier rather than later . 
  during the latest negociations too . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/imf-chief-lagarde-signals-greek-debt-relief-still-necessary-1433433378 also the imf itself * never * takes a haircut - but it can reschedule , and push others to do their part . 
  the distribution of funds under these programs is not something the eu has no say on , as you stated there are audits . 
  and these are not general funds , the way you stated it made it sound like they can do whatever they like with those funds , which is not the case . 
  as to the weakness , no i am comparing this with funds disbursed without going through government . 
  actualy it seems what i was describing ( funds for small businesses ) already exists and the sums are granted partly in this way :  eu funding can be divided into two categories : direct funding through grants ; indirect funding through national and local intermediaries . 
  yes but that 's different from your initial statement i was objecting to . 
  still i agree , i did n't realize governments had so much leeway over this , and it seems to be a weakness in the setup . 
  what i 'm saying is that `` extensive debt relief and an end to austerity '' was never a possibility , but that if it agreed on the reform part and put debt relief as the sole condition , this would have passed . 
  but this is just my opinion , anyway we 'll never now . 
  the outcome seems to be this was not politically feasible for tsipras , so perhaps the conclusion is that no deal was possible at all . 
  if it is by citizens , that 's not the same as by government . 
  but either way , unless there is fraud , my understanding is that these funds are spent according to specific targets and rules , e.g. 
  a program for lending to small companies can not be used for hiring in the public sector instead . 
  not saying this is foolproof , was just pointing that these funds are targeted , and the government ca n't decide to use them any way it likes . 
  had syriza offered from the start a deal along the lines of reform vs debt relief , it would have been doable . 
  also doable was haggling over reforms and reach a deal there , * then * talk debt relief . 
  what was not doable was debt relief plus red lines everywhere else - even if the negociators had agreed to this , it would not have passed parliaments . 
  very good news here . 
  just words maybe , but better those words than exchanging threats and accusations . 
  yes , and while there were lots of good reasons for that , i think the realization has now sunk in that it has become politically necessary to resolve this issue as soon as possible . 
  that 's not entirely true - it is for the most part , but there are eu programs which do not go through the government . 
  i am not sure exactly how [ structural and cohesion funds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/structural_funds_and_cohesion_fund ) ( about 3 % of greece gdp iirc ) are allocated but they are not sent to each government to allocate as they see fit . 
  some special program ( or increase of existing one ) , for instance to help lending to small companies so they can weather the current crisis and provide more jobs , could be useful if it is doable without a substantial part of such funds being derailed through a mix of red tape and fraud . 
  i do n't think we know for sure , he 's said he would stay enough to implement that result then quit , but he is not easily predictable . 
  exactly , they have already agreed to the principle . 
  no , the imf has actually been weighing for debt relief for a long time . 
  the issue is when and how , and under what conditions , not whether . 
  obviously equating reform with taking food out of people 's mouth would not be a step towards agreement . 
  but even tsipras never went as far as to say that . 
  in question , yes . 
  but they can reaffirm it . 
  the path to an agreement exists . 
  well , not really - they do n't trust the government to implement anything * it does not commit to * . 
  what she is rejecting is the idea that the lenders could say `` ok , here 's the debt relief , now let 's talk about reform '' . 
  she has been very careful to not burn any bridges and in that same interview re-stated that the imf talks to any legitimate government . 
  wow . 
  so many lies . 
  of course not - the hard left , hard right - and hard islamists as well - thrive on dissent and disunion - but they rise because of the failures of others - and in greece these failures are laid bare . 
  the extremes offer dreams and when faced with a crual reality dreams are tempting . 
  these dreams are toxic but this becomes clear only later . 
  i did n't say brussels does n't have faults , it has many - and allowing greece to join the euro when it was anything but ready for it was probably the eu 's biggest mistake - it launched a process which may be ending now at a huge political and financial cost to all . 
  but this does not make the choice any less clear . 
  i do n't know but between brussels and the hard left/hard right and the joyful destruction of freedom and democracy they are trying to achieve , i do not hesitate for a second . 
  i do n't want to argue about this , deleted other comments too . 
  this whole discussion is depressing . 
  i get this and one month earlier i would have seen its merit .
