  this could be a very brutal structural adjustment , not sure how they 'll manage to soften the blow . 
  they may have a plan , they always have , i do n't see how but maybe . 
  yes one risk for greece is to turn into venezuela without the oil . 
  but europe will continue to help them with aid , and they may handle it better too . 
  we 'll see , i hope for greece it turns out not too badly . 
  and even venezuela is not that bad , is it ? 
  the banks recapitalization i do n't know how they will handle , but accountants can be creative . 
  if the banks ' liabilities are converted to ious by law they might find some way i suppose . 
  honestly the introduction of ious or something similar was the expected consequence of a no vote , because in the situation it 's more or less their only option . 
  the gamble was a week ago , now this looks like managing the consequences as best they can , not doing a additionl gamble . 
  how successful they will be , who knows . 
  it does n't matter , what counts is that europe can not be governed by syriza , that its stability needs to be protected , and that syriza is driving a wedge between us . 
  we need to protect the eurozone . 
  he means all 18 other countries should leave the euro and adopt a new common currency , 
  iirc austria was sanctionned ( or maybe just a first step warning ? ), 
  a few years ago ( haider affair , 2000 ) . 
  afaik the only sanction mechanism in the treaties concern article 2 and 7 , and these were invoked - and they do not require a country voting to sanction itself . 
  but here it would be a stretch to invoke them , except maybe the provision obout the rule of law . 
  anyway i do n't really disagree with you - technically sanctions exist , but very limited cases and they take a lot of time to implement . 
  sanctions require unanimity minus the country sanctionned , otherwise they would be impossible . 
  the one thing he does not appear to realize ( bearing in mind he may very well know it , just not say so ) , is how much the eurozone has to lose by accepting his demands . 
  it would be an existential threat to the euro . 
  not ejected formally , this looks very much like the soft grexit many were discussing here in the last few days . 
  agreed , and i still do n't think they 'll use it . 
  until i hear varoufakis endorsing it , i 'll assume this is just hardliners talking . 
  if they handle it like a non-convertible currency , they will exchange them for euros at the official rate for importers , but this will be rationned . 
  they 'll get the euros in from exports . 
  similar arrangements with non-convertible currencies were common in communist and thirld world countries for a long time , and still exist . 
  anyway , we 'll know soon enough , these are just possibilities , certainly not sure things . 
  mr v. is full of resources and he may yet surprise us . 
  hmm ... 
  i suppose it 's not strictly in contradiction with op 's article since in the tweet he says there will be an agreement , and in the article he is saying what he might do in the absence of an agreement . 
  tax havens are certainly not `` litterally criminal '' as having low taxes is not a crime . 
  some of them handle money laundering but this is a different issue . 
  i still fail to see what you object to , but it does n't matter . 
  they could stick with the ious - it 's just a formula written on a piece of paper , why make it official and switch to drachmas ? 
  people are screwed because these ious will be worth much less than their face value , but they can keep the fiction , and they need to . 
  better denounce speculators and black marketers than admit what they did , many governments have currencies with make-believe exchange rates . 
  so they are more or less discussing the counterfeit option we were all dismissing a few days ago ? 
  still these are attributed to hardliners , and the ious or similar new de facto currency v. is reportedly talking about make a lot more sense - and he is the one in charge . 
  is this from the same text quoted by op or an older statement ? 
  i have no idea why you feel the need to be offensive , nor about what you are really disagreeing with . 
  also note that you cut the last part of the sentence `` at parity with euros '' . 
  exactly . 
  euro bills should be hoarded/hidden in this situation and trade at maybe 2 or 3 ious or whatever on the black market . 
  prices may double or triple pretty quicly , and then there will be some inflation depending on how much ious he keeps issuing . 
  i 'm also thinking he could negociate with the ecb to keep ( not increase ) ela just long enough for him to do the switch to ious - say until the 20th . 
  less disruption this way . 
  another possibility for him could be to do that and turn a blind eye on the black market , so the ious would be somewhat convertible . 
  better in principle but difficult to combine with the official story that they are worth 1 euro . 
  well , this time he 's said ious , and this seems the most natural form . 
  he 'll pay salaries and pensions this way , maybe pass a law making it legal tender at parity to euros and arrest people who discount them for black market activities . 
  this would lead to people keeping their euros stashed away and using the ious instead , with a big inflation reflecting the actual lower value of the ious versus prices in real euros . 
  the balances of bank accounts could also be forcibly converted to ious . 
  proceeds from exports might also be forcibly converted at the official rate far above its true value , and hard currency for imports could be rationned . 
  it might be workable , it could have more or less the same result as a new non-convertible drachma issued with an official rate . 
  hard to tell . 
  in retrospect tsipras did make several declarations in the past announcing his strategy , as did varoufakis . 
  often they seem so convinced they 're absolutely right and everyone else is absolutely wrong , incompetent , and/or malicious , that they may just believe it . 
  we have to take seriously his threat to change europe . 
  he 's shown he stops at nothing - the priority now is to stay united against his attacks . 
  yeah in france that would de the populist anti-euro ( pe ) protectionist le pen . 
  policies hard to distinguish from hard left , but they 're the ones collecting the anti-establishment votes here . 
  this would be a complete disaster , hope it wo n't come to that . 
  the betting market https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7xkmnncvdm is estimating only 35 % chance of a ( full , legal ) grexit now . 
  then again yesterday it was predicting a 35 % chance of a no vote . 
  the thing is , it 's not very clear to me what the benefit of a full grexit would be for syriza , as opposed to a de facto one - unless they want out of the eu , but they still receive  5bn ( from memory , not sure exact figure ) in aid ( structural funds etc ) plus the population is said to be strongly against leaving . 
  and staying in the eu does n't constrain them a lot , if they need to break a rule they 'll just do so . 
  syriza is n't anti-eu in theory , they 've said many times they want to change the eu , i.e. 
  impose their vision on others . 
  i hope the eu plays this well as you say but syriza 's game will now be to sow dissent among europeans , and they are ruthless in that game . 
  they tried early in the negociations and failed to divide the eu ( or rather , they made it greece vs the rest ) , i just hope they do n't succeed this time . 
  there have : chief pundit krugman and hus pals can gloat for a while . 
  yes but the likelihood of a settlement in the short term has dropped a lot with today 's result , and some kind of bail-in and/or bank nationalisation in greece is looking likely now . 
  the eu ca n't function without some fiscal discipline ( though it has only a little , deficits and debts are very high in a number of countries already ) , it 's not a matter of right wing policies , there are many center left governments . 
  but this aspect is being contested ( i understand you may disagree with it ) and this brings a real danger . 
  qe will lift all boats for a while and keep borrowing costs low but imbalances are rising and if full-blown keynesian policies make a come back as a political ploy to soothe tensions , we are looking at severe crises ahead . 
  ez will absorb a loss of maybe ~ 2 % of its gdp , which it will recognize gradually , so some more taxes or spending cuts in the next few years . 
  but mostly the risk is internal tensions and a boost to populist parties and anti-european sentiment . 
  difficult times ahead . 
  bending its rules to lend 89 bn was big . 
  this money is now essentially lost , they ca n't add more . 
  they sayed they were solvent when that tale was just barely credible , fully on the basis of an expected extension of the program and no default from greece . 
  this tale is becoming really tall , and after the 20th they can not pretend there is no default , it will be a matter of fact , not interpretation . 
   greece decreasing the atm withdrawl limits tonight . 
  you 're probably right , but i think they may well want to force the issue : nothing better for syriza than being able to blame the ecb for the failure of the banks . 
  they know it will happen , and they need to say it 's due to a deliberate attack by the ecb trying to sabotage the country as a revenge against the will of the people . 
  still , * raising * ela in these circumstances would be such a huge breach of their status , i do n't think they can . 
  i do n't think they could declare that - but as to greece being * de facto * out , i fully agree . 
  they are almost de facto out now with capital controls , and shortly i expect will have no more euros , no ela , no access to any euro facility . 
  it 's only the * legally out * that i doubt will happen ( though i 'm sure of nothing ... ) , not the de facto out . 
  sorry i m not following what you mean - maybe there 's a way i just do n't know about it , but which one ? 
  ( the thing about human rights is article 2 and 7 of some fundamental treaty of the european union , do n't remember the details ), 
  that is not a sanction and is unrelated to the printing of another currency . 
  but yes of course ecb can not provide ela now , they should normally remove it right away but they 'll probably keep it till actual default on the 20th , or maybe raise haircuts ( = partial reduction of ela ) before . 
  this would be an appropriate position , there 's nothing they can do in the very short term , is there ? 
  someone might add that they will not interfere with the independence of the ecb ( i.e. 
  wo n't force it to keep ela ) but this should be a separate declaration , hollande probably wants to be able to express deep regrets when the cut happens . 
  under which specific process ? 
  there is one for violation of human rights and such , and it takes years with many successive steps , votes , evaluations etc.
