  i do n't really understand what they stand for though , mostly they want to have the state control pretty much everything , and keep private enterprise but tax all their profits . 
  how about potami ? 
  from the oustide they sound like a reasonable bunch , and not tainted like pasok and nd . 
  the german greens are populists of a different kind , the policies they have pushed are disastrous but look good to voters . 
  greek politics look like it has the faults of many representative democracies , only magnified . 
  tbh , greece is not so exceptional in this although it carries the point quite far . 
  it is a systemic selection process : a politician not willing to do what it takes to get elected , simply does not get elected . 
   pro european , not corruptable , antiausterity that 's pretty much how syriza markets itself now , is n't it ? 
  tsipras is careful to distinguish between criminal troika/eurogroup/ecb and an imaginary `` europe '' that is good because fundamentally it agrees with him ( it just does n't know it yet ) . 
  he always says he is pro-european , but europe must change to do what he says . 
  also , in what he says there is no fundamental break with his left , only a tactical divergence as he chose to deal in order to avoid immediate collapse , he has not expressed difference in goals , and several of those voting against deal say they support him . 
  tispras seems to be framing this as his 1905 moment in a way . 
  would he want to though ? 
  would n't that risk a split of the syriza left wing and missing a majority ? 
  roughly , compared with january election : syriza +6 , nd -6 , all others unchanged within margin of error . 
  probably , yes . 
  http://www.humanosphere.org/science/2014/03/visualizing-gun-deaths-comparing-the-u-s-to-rest-of-the-world/ ( the number of deaths in terror attacks since then does n't change the statistics , it 's about 20 iirc overall ), 
  europe is still far safer than the us , do n't worry . 
  oh my that 's ugly - but no , you do n't find these within paris itself , not the central area . 
  in any case the projects i 'm talking about are not about tearing down great places . 
  [ here ] ( http://m.leparisien.fr/diaporama/la-samaritaine-avant-et-apres-les-travaux-08-04-2011-1399508.php ) are some pictures about that samaritaine project , the first one is the building before renovation ( the rest are n't very good though , do n't give much of an idea . 
  http://projet.samaritaine.com/ gives a better overview , it 's just one part of a big project that also includes the preservation and restoration of one really nice art deco building . ), 
  in a way that is pretty much what you are proposing : keep the good parts and use the not so good to do more innovative stuff . 
  it 's just that the not so good is seldom really bad within paris proper , you have to accept letting go second rate decent stuff . 
  oh and there are tens of thousands of pre-1900 buildings in paris , and thousands of pre-1800 ones . 
  in a way i know i 'm spoilt - when i describe an area of paris as ugly , i really mean it 's nothing special , there are no truly ugly areas that i know of within paris . 
  there is n't `` other space '' within paris , you have to scrap something to build something new . 
  i 'm not advocating razing paris to rebuild it , but preserving absolutely everything just because its old is silly . 
  one recent example was the samaritaine renovation , the opponents ' argument was that the new building would not fit in with the area . 
  if you know that area , it is not exactly ugly but certainly not a highlight of paris - it 's not haussmannian by the way , more a mix of this and that without much character , typically the kind of area which would benefit from something new and interesting . 
  after a year or more of campaigning and legal challenges it was finally allowed to proceed so that 's fine , but it 's just an example of the somewhat indiscriminate approach of these associations - of course many buildings and many areas * are * worth preserving , and the character of the place would be destroyed in a free-for-all , but fighting over every project just because it 's different does n't help at all . 
  we need more innovative projects to spice up the landscape , that 's all - not destroying it of course . 
  can we stop using the word ` austerity ' to describe responsible fiscal policies ? 
  balancing expenses and income , be it at a high tax/high spending level or low tax/low spending one , is not ` austere ' , it is just realistic . 
  and yes , realistic policies work . 
  hey , dont judge my qualifications yet , i have n't even started learning maltese !, 
  you 're right , that was a bit silly - of course we all know the rational solution would be to adopt french as the only official language of the eu , but it will take time before reason triumphs :-), 
  you 're right of course . 
  and describing paris as endless rows of hausmannian buildings was a caricature - it 's much more varied than that . 
  what i do find stultifying is the conservative lobby which is always fighting to preserve `` old paris '' and rejects anything new . 
  the city is not and should not be a museum of itself , and it would be nice if it embraced a little more randomness . 
  looked it up , it turns out english is also an official language of malta , so if they changed the rule to ensure that at least one official language ( but not necessarily the national language ) of each country is covered , it would be easier . 
  that being said , maltese looks like an interesting and pretty unique language , maybe i 'll apply for that interpreter position ... well , not the finnish one : ), 
  yes i was surprised watching it - making his point is one thing , but he then went into a sort of rage that is really inappropriate . 
  that 's something which might be worth a review - interpreting in so many languages is a mess , are they supposed to have 288 interpreters , one for each combination - maltese to finnish , etc. 
  you have no data , no proof , no fact , but a clear opinion that the process of granting french citizenship is discriminatory , based on your assumption that it is similar to another process that you believe is discriminatory . 
  this is fine , everyone is entitled to their opinion . 
  so you are speculating that there may be discriminations which may or may not be about skin color , but you do not have any specific fact about it . 
   for muslims ( i 'm talking about secular people who work hard and do n't associate with any kind of extremists ) you usually get some kind of bullshit about `` laicity and not respecting the values of our republic '' . 
  is this also speculation or do you have statistics showing discrimination against muslims among candidates for naturalisation ? 
  edit : religious affiliation is not recorded , but the top five nationalities of origin of naturalized french citizens are , in descending order ( http://m.huffpost.com/fr/entry/6177286 ) ; morocco , algeria , tunisia , turkey , senegal, 
   let 's just say in france for instance it might greatly depend on your skin color do you have any evidence for that ? 
  i seriously doubt it but i would be interested to know if such discrimination does exist - obviously it 's illegal . 
  i agree that if all these reforms are done they could put greece ahead of a number of countries ( which i think would be great for greece ) . 
  as for pharmacies , the regulations are probably different in each country , those in france are particularly stringent and anti-competitive but politically hard to reform ( there 's no demand for scrapping them altogether afaik , just for relaxing them a bit ) . 
  not that it 's the # 1 issue either , just one of many . 
   and yet attempts at deregulating taxis have generally met with failure and have led to increasing fares , lower productivity , lower driver earnings and no significant innovation . 
  says one report . 
  driver earnings are of course not the purpose of deregulation , including this criterion shows bias in the study . 
  you can always find studies in economics demonstrating any effect you want to show , even if they run counter to logic . 
  trusting regulators and the attendant lobbies and special interests they serve instead of free markets is strictly an a priori position . 
  very costly in france , we have this antiquated corporatist system for pharmacies , nothing to be proud of . 
  in general france is no model of a free market . 
  very heavy regulation though , you do n't have a free market in health care . 
  still , we need more modern architecture in paris ( not skyscrapers though ) to rejuvenate these endless rows of unimaginative and boring hausmannian buildings - they 're great for a while , but come on , shake it up a bit !, 
  unfortunately when it 's not haussmannian it 's often just stupid glass blocks of the most boring modern-classical kind . 
  i do n't like isolated skyscrapers either , they often just look vain . 
  lots of them together look great though , and they make sense as a business district . 
  got me : ), 
  that pre election spot just shows they foresaw what syriza was going to do , except they stopped just before default . 
  it was somewhat predictable given their pre election rhetoric , there 's no conspiracy here . 
  i was very surprised they did it i admit , because the consequences were all the most likely , they faced the expected reaction . 
  apparently either tsipras was playing a very complex game ( possible , i do n't try to read him any more ) or they were truly oblivious to reality ( which is the case if you take what they have been saying at face value ) . 
  is the law against homosexuality in bengladesh an anachronism that is not applied any more ? 
  do you think it has a chance to be repealed any time soon ? 
  hmm i still find my conspiracy more likely  except it 's not a conspiracy but a political calculation : if you put too much pressure on the guy who is halfheartedly semicooperative you risk getting a guy who has clearly announced he will not cooperate at all and intends to tear up prior commitmemts and destroy the whole thing ... what do you do ? 
  you have money . 
  give money or we 'll find something in your past ( or your grandfather 's past , who cares ) to throw in your face . 
  i suspected something a bit more ... political : that they more or less accepted to look the other way ( or at least not push as hard as they should have ) while samaras was delaying reforms and spending money in order to buy votes , hoping he would come back on track once the threat of syriza was no more there . 
  either way samaras was always delaying reforms , only more so last year . 
  in lagarde 's words ,  what is very disappointing is that while greece was on the path to sustainability and actually over-performing ** about a year and a half ago ** , in the last year and a half there has been a significant deterioration both as a result of the previous government not doing the things that it was supposed to do in terms of measures and the new government delaying some of the measures and also reversing reforms that had been undertaken by the previous team . 
  it has been the combination of these two over the last 18 months or so which has been quite devastating for the country . 
  now we did say that all along to the europeans but clearly the necessary deterioration which has taken place in the last couple of weeks as a result of the bank closure and the capital controls put in place by the greek authorities has made the whole situation a lot more serious . 
  in france , even penny pinching is done with elegance : ), 
  it makes no sense , except that they are getting a huge subsidy . 
  the strange thing is that taxpayers are apparently happy to fund these cars whether they drive them or not . 
  maybe the benefit of a little less air pollution is deemed worth it ? 
  it 's always a heartache but many people leave their home town to find work . 
  you 're european , the jobs are just a few hundred kilometers away from you and you have low cost flights nowadays , cheer up , 
  ah that 's disappointing , i thought that one was put up for real as a form of protest , just trying to be subtle enough to be able to play dumb if arrested . 
  quite true - in the realm of economics , statistics are actually more a branch of rhetoric than of science . 
  the success of cowperthwaite is very much history , and worth studying . 
  one key thing they need to do quickly is recapitalize the banks , merge or close the weaker ones if needed , bail in shareholders and bank debt holders - so that the threat of deposit haircut is lifted and people can be confident that they can keep money in the banks again . 
  until then , it would be unreasonable to expect anyone not to withdraw the maximum they can , since money in a greek bank is money at risk . 
  once the situation is resolved though , lifting ( or at least easing ) capital controls could follow quickly . 
  one of the most successful government of the 20th century did its best to avoid collecting statistics , for good reason . 
  some debt relief yes but as long as you keep debt service below 3-4 % of gdp it 's fine . 
  and the only solution for high debt is healthy private sector growth - debt relief beyond making the debt service manageable ( which it was until recently ) makes no difference to the outcome . 
  without reform you could cancel the whole debt , greece would be back at the imf in no time with new debt . 
  anyway syriza looks unlikely to improve on the program from what they say , but we 'll see .
