  a confederal one based on true subsidiarity and strongly limited central powers has merits though - but it does n't look like something like that appears in any project . 
   building what additional structures ? 
  i am referring to the federalists actual projects , like hollande 's recent initiative . 
   democracy is a good way to erode support for the eu ? 
  i 've not heard that one before i do believe it does , though this may be personal bias . 
  `` democracy '' as a way to legitimize majority rule is a threat . 
  there 's a reason many citizens do not trust their down democratically elected governments . 
  democracy is a tool , not an end , and if it is not strongly limited it is ( like any central power ) dangerous . 
  also i do not see increasing powers to the ep as an unmixed blessing . 
  true , though they are when their country of origin can be identified and does not allow for asylum claims . 
  we do have a dysfunctional and inconsistent immigration/asylum policy , just not a soft immigration policy . 
  unfortunately the issue is often painted in caricatures by both the left and right and pragmatic humane solutions are eschewed in a debate which is mostly between theoretical stands . 
   insanely soft immigration policies this is a strange ( though oft heard ) claim , when eu immigration is actually very heavily restricted , to the point that many candidates for immigration are willing to incur high costs and large risks for the chance of illegal entry . 
   the eu commission is basically the eu government not quite , it does not have that political power and ( fortunately ) it can not ( yet ? ), 
  decide against elected governments in matters of law - it is only mandated to apply previously agreed rules . 
  this is the issue . 
  it does n't matter if individual interests are ignored by a european parliament or by another structure - what legitimates a political structure is the promotion of * common * interest , not the imposition of majority interests upon the minority . 
  i agree with op that we too often neglect the benefits the eu has brought to all , and inasmuch as it strives to achieve that i support the eu very much - but as long as there are different preferences in different regions these ought to be respected . 
  in the case of greece the `` hard line '' is not a bureaucratic anti democratic choice , it reflects a broad preference in many countries ( possibly a mistaken one but that is another debate ) , and deliberately building additional structures with the goal of being able to ignore those may be `` democratic '' but it is the most unappealing thing to me , and a good way to legitimate eroding support for the eu . 
  the objective of * relegating national interests * i.e. 
  in this case ignoring voter preferences , in favor of some theoretical `` pan-european interest '' which trumps that of the citizens is what makes the eu process scary at times . 
  promoting common interests is great , and the eu has in fact done a lot of that , but setting such an `` european interest '' in opposition to those of individuals is a recipe for destroying support for the eu . 
  of course , `` national interests '' are most often used to disguise politicians ' interests and in that sense it is good to limit those , but it is not clear this is the case here . 
  just wait till we hold a * freferendum * - then you can complain , 
  those rules actually protect countries from the short term electoral interests driving their governments , but he knows that of course . 
  presumably there was an implied '' / s '' in the previous comment . 
  actually , i did n't want to go there either but after seeing the complaints about `` omg the nazis have descended upon us '' i had a look , and there seemed to be a pretty reasonable discussion there , especially for a topic which could easily attract less than level-headed debate . 
  ok , though in this case the `` far right '' qualification is a matter of opinion . 
  he is an outsider because he is unlikey to reach the second round - once there against le pen he would become close to even money . 
  other than that his initiative could well be picked up by his successor - generally eu policy in france is carried in continuity . 
  also it is an exaggeration to say that the french are anti-eu , and the fn is proposing renegociating treaties , not leaving the eu ( in practice what they are advocating is an impossibility and this `` renegociation '' would be so broad that thete would be little if anything left , but that is another matter ) , they would lose support if they advocated leaving the eu . 
  that being said , i do n't quite see where this initiative is leading , especially as it comes not from a joint franco-german position but from hollande alone . 
  whether or not is it far right in your eyes , do you mean a * majority opinion * has no place in this forum ? 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/chapter-3-most-support-limiting-immigration/ i do n't share these views but various concerns about immigration are very much mainstream in europe today and it would be rather odd if they were not voiced in / r/europe . 
  also , the discussions about islam while at times repetitive and not always enlightened are generally civil here ( perhaps thanks to a slight nudge by the mods  ), 
  no idea , seems there must have been one thread which ruffled some feathers . 
  you take everything very literally it seems . 
  i doubt this is what he has in mind . 
  voters risk giving the wrong answer in a referendum and it is not always easy to interpret a `` no '' as meaning `` yes '' . 
  tbh , i do n't get what his plan is yet . 
  hollande is a long shot outsider at this point , and le pen will likely reach the second round of the election ( which is between the top 2 of the first round ) - but is not favorite to win then , because of a majority `` anything but le pen '' vote , which should carry any center right opponent to victory , and might allow hollande to get elected if he manages to reach that second round . 
  no , still two more years with him ... 
  elections are in 2017 . 
  but le pen is not his main opponent : she is probably the only candidate against whom he can win on the second round . 
  he is probably also the candidate against whom she has the best chance . 
  the goal he sets for this in that interview is not just integration but more interventionist policies in industry , research , etc. , which he considers to be what eu citizens truly want . 
  he also mentions `` a more social europe '' . 
  i doubt all this is shared very much , though as an institution , eu may be happy to get more things to play with . 
   * it is europe which is expected to bring future technologies , promote an industrial model , succeed in energy and ecological transition , invest in knowledge , reduce territorial disparities , ensure solidarity within through investments and outside by development actions . 
  * `` energy and ecological transition '' is a great waste of ressources through heavily subsidizing unprofitable ventures , funded through taxes and levies , but it seems to be quite popular . 
  yes , from lucia di lamermoor : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6bm2lwnw-0, 
  well , our prime minister is spanish ^ ^ born , so there 's that  other than that did he actually spell out that those 6 countries should be those consituting the `` vanguard '' ? 
  ca n't read portuguese but i have not seen this declaration from him . 
  sounds like some loose reporting making a mountain out of a molehill but i could be wrong . 
  apparently the title at least is factually incorrect ? 
  i find your question offensive / s, 
  seems very manipulative to me . 
  why would this subreddit have anything to say about how reddit polices speech in other subs ? 
  what does such a campaign do other than empower some group with an agenda to try to ban speech they do n't like ? 
  if power was not his goal , his actions do seem doubtful ( depending on what his goal was ) . 
  if it was however , they were brilliant . 
  i would not discount as clueless a man who has won so much personal power so quickly . 
  also , among his options in the future is extracting a huge ransom for accepting a negociated grexit - which he has managed to make the preferred option of most of europe , while six months ago nobody wanted it . 
  did he really make the wrong decisions ? 
  he is a politician . 
  as such his overarching goal is to gain power . 
  he rose from obscurity to become the most popular prime minister of his country in a few years , and now stands with high approval rating , control over his party , support from even those in this party who disagree with his policy , support from opposition parties as well ( which he has in the meantime left unable to challenge him ) and the prospect to win a strong personal mandate and comfortable majority in a new election shortly . 
  what error did he make ? 
  note : i do n't understand how he did it , especially as he damaged his country a lot to achieve all that - but this just proves that he understands his voters a whole lot better than i do . 
  hey they do provide some details , interesting thanks . 
  oh i see sorry misread your comment . 
  bear in mind that those countries are benefiting from historically low rates , kept this way artificially by massive ecb intervention . 
  lots of them would be unsustainable at market rates . 
  well , maintaining a building does cost money , i would n't call that a waste unless it 's about maintaining unnecessary buildings that could be sold off . 
  the second one . 
  aaahhhh !, 
  thanks , indeed i misread it . 
  sounds more reasonable this way , 
  the spirit of the treaty has been massively violated already , but his position about legality seems sound . 
  of course it 's political , but if the eurozone must be turned into a drachmazone , many countries may decide to withdraw . 
  initially it was supposed to be sound money , an independent central bank , fiscal discipline etc. 
  - little of this remains but going so far as to completely disregard the no bailout provisions would quite possibly spell the end of the ez . 
  politically , the only way these bailouts ( including the very large amounts effectively forgiven already for greece if you measure it by npv ) can be sold to voters is to convince them that cutting rates and extending maturities , rebates , or grace periods is not the same as just writing off the debt -- or that this is the last time , but then this is hardly credible unless greece leaves ez . 
  wow i knew there was a church tax , but i had no idea it was that high !, 
  what do the churches do with all that money ? 
  do they publish detailed accounts of their use of funds ? 
  that being said , it 's a voluntary tax , so it amounts to membership dues , and each organization is free to set those as it ( and its members ) sees fit . 
  hopefully it wo n't go that far , but this deal risks breeding resentment on both sides - no one likes it , except maybe france and italy . 
  creditors feel they were forced against their wish to throw good money after bad , and greece sees the measures as illegitimate impositions . 
  maybe not the whole world , switzerland seems to be doing ok , 
  well , syriza blames it on others and this will be even easier when , as you say , the full weight hits later : it will be the fault of the deal they accepted but can not be held responsible for , since it was `` imposed by evil dr s. '' ( who did n't want it ) . 
  given what the other parties have to offer , they still look less bad than the rest regardless of who is funding them . 
  honestly , when a politician does something right i do n't worry about his motives - nor do i actually when he does something wrong . 
  the only thing that matters to me is what he does , not why he does it . 
   they will vote all these reforms , but skip implementation this would be consistent with what tsipras has been saying . 
  this would then also allows him to blame the failure on others ( germany , imf , whatever ) , which has been his constant policy so far , and has worked wonders for him politically . 
  even bringing his country 's economy to a halt , creating a big recession and lasting damage , and signing on far worse terms then he was offered many times , has only boosted his popularity - politically , he is a true master . 
  still seems better to say it and force parties to take their responsibilities . 
  what else could he do ? 
  we have them too , but they are not marxist-leninist any more ( well , these might still exist but getting 0.1 % vote or so ) .
