  the french expression is `` coup de rabot '' ( a * rabot * is a carpenter 's plane ), 
  france is doing the same kind of things - instead of cutting down unnecesseary administrations , it keeps them on a reduced budget , saving on little things , keeping salaries low so it ca n't hire more competent employees and instead keeps the non productive ones etc. 
  pure accounting treatment ( including of course delaying expenses to next year , paying bills late so they do n't show up in this years expenses etc. ), 
  just to present half decent figures to brussels instead of useful reform . 
  of course anything else means a big fight with the unions so ... 
  that programs has flaws , yes . 
  replacing tax rises with spending cuts would improve it a lot ( increasing the govt take above the current 34pct of gdp wo n't help ) - but it also includes lots of necessary reforms . 
  by taking ownership fully , a government could leverage the good parts and improve the bad ones - but yes , applying it to the letter will not make it work . 
  some ugly scripts running there - malicious site . 
  he is not debunking any myth , just sponsoring a different myth . 
  instead of acknowledging there 's an issue with a group on non-integrated migrants ( which may not be exclusively roma , and does not concern all roma by any means ) he just denies it . 
   roma migrants have often been depicted in political discourse and the media as abusing social welfare and refusing any form of integration in the host societies . 
  however , these perceptions are not supported by facts . 
  in a 2013 study , the european commission found that intra-eu migrants , which include roma migrants , make a net contribution to their host countries , by paying more in taxes than they receive in benefits . 
  moreover , they are in general less likely to request assistance from unemployment services and to receive family and child-related benefits than their native born counterparts . 
  so the myth is about roma migrants , and to dispell it he quotes a study about primarily non-roma migrants . 
  not denying there may be a myth , perceptions are altered by the most visible elements - but then be serious and use relevant figures . 
  yes . 
  seeing what tsipras has been saying it looks like there is no ownership of the deal - he repeatedly stated he signed it because there was no alternative but he does not believe in it , so it 's not likely he 'll make it work - sure he 'll follow the letter of the program , but no program works if applied that way . 
  but sch\u00e4uble did suggest an alternative , which would have given tsipras more leeway , and left him to decide himself either to reform and cut spending , or to try whatever inflation and deficit adventure he picked . 
  in restrospect i think sch\u00e4uble 's negotiated exit was the better option ( though the `` 5 years '' part was not serious ) . 
  it is likely tsipras would do worse in the exit path , because overspending and protecting entrenched interests does n't work - but he would have to take responsibility , and he or someone else could change policy after a couple years to get back on a responsible course once the failure was clear . 
   25 years of communist party rule - 25 years of circus !, 
  ( sign over a circus tent ) how long did they let that one stand ? 
  the negociated grexit suggested by sch\u00e4uble would certainly have been a better way than uncontrolled exit * a la * varoufakis . 
  yes you 're right - i meant de facto grexit , not formal expulsion which is not possible . 
  anyway the point is only that while various credible plans for exit could be worked out , and could very well have been better than agreeing to a program they do n't believe in , v 's plan as he describes it was not among them . 
  possibly , varoufakis ' plan was to jump off a cliff without looking and pray that there was water where they fell . 
  could 've worked , who knows . 
  mind you , he did n't know how to swim either , was expecting to learn by doing . 
  sure , only the result would have been uncontrolled collapse , which is why tsipras fired varoufakis . 
  it 's not that a well managed grexit was impossible , it 's just that they could n't do it without the help of the ecb and others . 
  as it stood they could scream `` but you should n't have extended ela in the first place '' all they wanted , it would have done them no good . 
  supervision of the largest banks is done by ecb , the others by local authorities . 
  and yes gcb could illegally fund the banks , but it 's just another path deeper into illegallity and having greece cordonned of the financial system etc. 
  i know v. has a way with the truth , but if you believe what he says in this interview , it is clear he did n't have a clue or a plan . 
  not really , in the context and given that v. would surely have done it illegally ( what he described was blatantly so ) it would just have ended negociations and resulted promptly in ela removal , ecb closing the banks ( it has the authority to do so as supervisor ) , default and grexit without further discussion . 
  and german banks used to snap such things up big time without asking any questions - maybe kfw would buy some too ... after all they were the bank sending 300m $ to lehman * after * it announced bankruptcy , 
  nah , some aaa-rated cdo tranche backed by a diversified portfolio of greek government securities on the other hand , 
   which is good for polarizing people but not effective in getting things done . 
  well , this is varoufakis . 
  hmm cbg printing them would pretty likely be illegal . 
  the government on the other hand can issue debt , be it tbills or ious . 
  in the form of bearer notes , why not ? 
  could they be used as reserve bt the banks to get ela ? 
  no ... delicate matter but if agreed with ecb may be possibly one aid to go through a delicate period whole the rest is sorted out . 
  they would n't be the first government to tempoarily pay salaries or bills will ious . 
  this is twitter era politics , everything is spun into a drama before it even occurs . 
  let 's see how they manage it first , they may well provide collateral or some other way to prevent british money from being at risk . 
  yes , though varoufakis version included seizing control of the central bank too - which would have gone done about as well as kidnapping draghi 's daughter . 
  depends how it 's done , in what form etc. 
  - i do n't recall the ecb saying any ious would be illegal in principe , and here any plan surely would be subject to their vetting ,, 
  many different policies are possible , but those based on structural budget imbalances are not . 
  they end in disaster for a country outside a union , and the purpose of the union is not to make profligacy sustainable by subsidising it . 
  removing artificial support for government bonds of such countries would help make the unsustainability apparent before it is beyond repair - alternatively , strictly enforcing debt and deficit rules within the ez might work . 
  voters should be allowed to leave the ez if they want to try a deficit policy , and to come back after it fails . 
  sounds good but this `` minimal state '' would immediately be the object of power struggles leading to its expansion . 
  the history of the us federal state should be a clear warning , and surely not something we want to replicate . 
  and many of those pushing for political union are anything but liberals , so if they succeed it would be a miracle if we ended with a liberal state . 
  what you 're proposing is to close the efsm ( while having no legal basis to do so , nor agreed process to proceed with ) and set up a new fund in two days . 
  it is about as pragmatic as `` let 's just create the money '' . 
  there 's no time to go through regular ez member legislative procedures nor even to negociate a new efsm agreement . 
  the efsm is not `` just a pool of money '' . 
  it is based on a treaty , and has rules that must be followed . 
  stretching the rules is one thing , completely disregarding every one is different . 
  yep , six impossible things before breakfast sounds like the perfect solution . 
  these look fine , just wish this was done quietly and presented once an agreement was found - now instead they have given ammunition to those who want to say promises are worthless . 
  that 's a pity . 
  the substance of the promise and iirc what the uk wanted was `` no british funds at risk there '' and this would be ensured . 
  it is unfortunate that these guarantees were not put in to start with for it certainly makes it look like reneging on a promise . 
  and dc 's non-constructive reaction ( `` non starter '' ) makes it unnecessarily polarizing ( saying instead `` this must of course be guaranteed etc '' would have been more useful ) . 
  seems we 're losing the will to do pragmatic compromises here . . 
  indeed i read your post backward , sorry : ) nothing wrong with offering opt-in filters . 
  i understand this point ( though he could have made it easier for everyone by acknowledging this is about short term liquidity and is not a bailout ) , but if repayment could be guaranteed by ez , ensuring no british funds are at risk , refusing it would be pushing the principle to the point of obstruction . 
   i absolutely think they should be opt in filters why ? 
  there are plenty of filters they can install and configure to their liking without opting in to those . 
  could n't ez countries issue a guarantee on this loan ( which is only short term and will be repaid in a couple months if the new program is agreed ) , ensuring that non-ez funds would not be at risk ? 
  the amount is n't large and they are the ones who will negociate the program . 
  well if everyone believes the deal is stupid ( i do n't , it has flaws but these can be worked out , and no deal is a solution in itself anyway ) they might as well give up . 
  no project is succesful that is based on pretending to collaborate on something all parties believe to be stupid , wrong , or hopeless . 
  a fiscal union is certainly not necessary , nor even useful , and would not even.solve anything in greece , plus thankfully it will not happen in a few days . 
  by tomorrow ? 
  or do you generously give us till the end of the week ? 
  and by the way i disagree , but this is not the point here . 
  grexit it is , then . 
  btw the deal is far less drastic than presented , and the insistance on not giving any emergency treatment to a patient who 's been hit by a car lest a permanent cure is found for his chronic condition is utterly destructive . 
  syriza played that game a lot , now they 've been replaced by someone at the imf . 
  the irresponsibility is frightening . 
  neither . 
  he inquired as to how such a request might be received , and was told that his host might be put in an awkward position if it were submitted . 
  sounds like a pretty responsible and honest talk . 
  in the last few days he has been quite impressive . 
  one thing i agree with in the imf paper , and this could be adjusted in the negociation of the program , is that 3.5 is too high too early , they should lower the surplus target for the first three years . 
  still , this was no time to leak it , but should be part of those negociations . 
  agreed . 
  this is cruel . 
  sunday was the time to decide one way of the other , playing games afterwards is irresponsible . 
  very true . 
  everybody was screamimg about eurogroup 's lack of transparency while dissecting their every move , tweet , and leak , but the imf process is completely opaque and while it is clear there is a big political play here with this leak , no one even knows who is pulling the strings . 
  it 's not because the pope , obama , and krugman agree on this that they are correct .
