that 's what the judge is here for . 
  her national origin is probably one factor among others in that determination . 
  perhaps the uk authorities should have notified the latvian ones earlier , but this is n't really relevant in the judge 's determination of the child 's best interests now . 
  as to political interventions , these do not change the merits of a judicial decision - of course there may be other aspects unmentioned , but that the fact that there might exist unknown grounds for criticism is neither here nor there . 
  this seems to be the case though , as described by the coe - and it would seem hard otherwise to protect children from abusive parents . 
   that implies that being raised in the uk is better for the child than being raised in latvia i agree that if in a particular case there is a better solution available for the child in latvia or elsewhere it should be considered - what i do not believe at all is that there is a general rule that a child born to a latvian ( or french , or whatever ) mother will be better off in her country of origin - especially when the child , as in this case , has lived most of her life in another country . 
  i have no idea whether the judge 's ruling is the best one in this case , but also i see nothing mentionned in the article that suggests otherwise . 
   this is a latvian child , latvia should have custody no , this is a child and her best interests should be the priority , at least according to the un convention on the rights of the child  in all actions concerning children , whether undertaken by public or private social welfare institutions , courts of law , administrative authorities or legislative bodies , the best interests of the child shall be a primary consideration . 
  you make it sound like the country of origin matters more than the interest of the child . 
  i ca n't imagine how a policy of systematically deporting abandonned children would further their well being . 
  no doubt but she was 21 months old when removed from her mother so i doubt she speaks much latvian now . 
  and her native country could hardly do anything to protect her from her mother when living in the uk . 
  i thought a judge would do that in most countries if the parents severely neglect the child . 
  is n't it the case in latvia ? 
  how would that be better for the child ? 
  indeed  people who do not speak fluent english will be barred from public sector jobs which involve working directly with the public seems obvious , one wonders why it was n't already the case . 
   cabinet minister matt hancock said it was to help control immigration . 
  huh ? 
  being able to do their job properly is not reason enough ? 
  yes there is one small issue with that plan ( aside from the ecb spending whatever it takes to support some artificial rate , which kills it at the onset ) , which is that no country would opt in . 
  apart from that , it would solve nothing . 
  i do n't know how much more inflationary policies you 'd want the ecb to carry out , but this has little to do with how greece is doing . 
  was there ever a major decision in the eu that was not influenced by both france and germany ? 
  the uk at times seems more concerned to negociate opt-outs than to shape decisions - and the two are more or less mutually exclusive . 
  of course when it is a dedicated participant as in the single market or eu defense the uk plays an important role - but obviously staying out of the ez has lessenned its importance in financial matters . 
  actually it 's not a matter of influencing this or that country , but the common institutions , and surely that is in the interest of uk citizens as well as others . 
  it may very well be the right thing to do but one consequence is less influence - nothing wrong with that , it 's a choice . 
  it would be good for the eu though if the uk engaged more . 
  it 's not . 
  popular keynesian economists with blogs ! = all economists . 
  that 's true . 
  another way to strenghten extremists that is related to that is to outlaw their opinions - by criminalizing islamist speech ( or dress ) we reinforce the idea they try to spread , that muslims are persecuted for their beliefs and that advocacy is impossible , and violent action the only way to defend their faith . 
  possibly , after holding a couple all night summits to decide about it  but my point was just that without nato , the eu would be under high pressure to set up something on its own with a joint command etc to replace it - presumably reusing a lot of the nato resources and procedures to do it , no reason to reinvent the wheel . 
  oh yes of course - this was about whether eu defense would be effective without nato . 
  no country is going to attack the whole eu in an open war . 
  currently the question is more how to defend against hybrid war in a baltic country or what to do about isis . 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of budget or military capability , existing capacity is very substantial - but more an issue of decision process and integrated response . 
  that 's true , but this is quite recent and still a far cry from a complete integrated defense . 
  google is your friend . 
  there 's nothing remotely illegal about researching or publishing on this topic . 
  if you find too little research on that topic for your taste , you are welcome to add your contribution . 
  this is true , in a way the existence of nato preempts the emergence of a european defense - why bother going through all the trouble and difficulty of building that when there is already something in place ? 
  if it did n't exist there would probably have been something by now . 
  another great advantage of privatization is also that it removes political connections and influence from hiring and firing as well as other decisions and enables the company to move from being a state + union sinecure drawing on the public purse , and become productive . 
  i recall a documentary a while ago about costco/piraeus which showed a stark contrast between one part of the port managed by costco and doing brisk business , and another part with empty docks where the primary activity seemed to be holding meetings to argue against privatization . 
  well you can define it in many overlapping ways , but by geography i did n't mean the boundaries of what geographers call the european continent - i was more referring to the combination of cultural , trade , migration , dynastic , and other ties facilitated by geographic proximity . 
  also it 's not exclusive , having close ties with a non-european land is n't ground for exclusion from the club - well i hope so , otherwise the reunion and antilles would get us kicked out , 
  unfortunately they have stretched it very far , to the point of censoring a comic on the * assumption * that letting him speak * in a private venue might * lead to disturbances . 
  it 's become a bit of a joke now . 
  i do n't agree that there 's nothing good in it ( and that declaration in general ) but yes it has a weakness . 
  the first amendment to the us constitution is probably a better choice . 
  `` buddy '' , no your opinion is not a fact , saying it is does n't make it so . 
  and your theory that extremists gain power by making people angry * at them * makes no sense . 
  true , in this declaration there 's always a weasel-out clause , which ends up being applied more than the principle itself - i suppose that 's how the constitutional court manage to let the laws passed against opinions stand . 
  at least this one is n't as broad as you make it , it purports to limit exceptions to the disruption of public order - but i agree it could be better . 
  of course it 's ok , why would n't it ? 
  shared history and geography - but obviously new zealand is very close , geography notwithstanding . 
  chechnya on the other hand is european only geographically ( and this even seems a bit arbitrary ) , other than that i am unaware that it shares more with europe than azerbaijan does . 
  indeed . 
  a good one here is in our consitution ( or more exactly in the declaration of human rights of 1789 which is incorporated in the constitution ) . 
   * no one should be bothered for their opinions , even religious , provided their manifestation does not disturb the public order established by law . 
  think about it - they might * assume false identities online * ... oh the horror . 
  we have already too many anti free speech laws , we certainly do n't need another one . 
  the idea of criminalizing denial is silly and we should repeal those laws , not expand them . 
   french always cared a lot about the quality of our meat . 
  soon , because of the free european market we wo n't have the choice and we will have to follow the same rules as the others europeans/asians countries that care more about rentability then quality . 
  i 'm not aware of coming changes from eu regulations . 
  but some of french agriculture does need to adapt . 
  one thing that is unfortunate regarding meat is that they do little to push quality labels - this works well in france , and is where a high labour cost country with a strong brand image should compete . 
  the `` french meat '' label goes only so far because it guarantees traceability but not quality . 
  expensive meat is more profitable when that 's the customers chose - of course they will not pick it because it is expensive , i was assuming you meant that as quality meat . 
  for the same quality it would be silly to buy the higher priced one . 
  my supermarket does stock different grades of meat , several different grades of poultry , etc. 
  and they change the assortment according to demand . 
  there are also many rather convenient ways to buy meat other than from supermarkets - every town has butcher shops as well as at least a weekly market , there are direct sales , i buy some meat online with at home delivery , etc. . . 
  the `` labelled '' poultry is going strong , the one suffering from the crisis is the `` first price '' raised in tiny cages with no natural light . 
  sorry but i shed no tears for doux . 
  same for the first-price industrial pork factories in brittany that are hit hard - let them adapt or close , at least they will pollute less and maybe lessen the green algae invasions . 
  as to the countryside i 'm all for supporting small farmers for contributing to the landscape maintenance etc , but this is not at all what all those protests are about . 
  it does , and locals like it too . 
  the farmers do get some subsidies to help them maintain this e.g. 
  planting hedges , which i think is a good idea - but those are n't the ones burning foreign trucks etc. 
  the supermarkets will always stock the products that sell best . 
  if that 's the cheapest one it simply shows where the customer 's preference lie - they also offer several grades and the relative size of the shelves given to each grade is not something fixed , they adjust it depending on what the customers buy . 
  and of course supermarkets are not the only places to buy food , there are markets in every town , smaller shops etc. 
  saying that customers do n't have choice when they have never had as much as now is just absurd . 
  also your `` proof '' is about state intervention trying to manipulate the market price , it has little do do with customer choice . 
  note that this state intervention is trying to protect the most criticized producers , those competing solely on price on the entry-level meat which means raised industrially . 
  the whole poultry and pork crises are essentially about those types of producers . 
  agreed , and it 's difficult to separate or evaluate the impact of the sanctions themselves . 
  for instance there was a lot of [ capital outflows from russia ] ( http://rbth.co.uk/business/2015/01/29/russia_is_facing_record_capital_and_investment_outflow_43261.html ) but it seems to be more a case of russians moving their assets abroad than of eu banks withdrawing funding - and the drop in fdi is not a direct consequence of sanctions either since they impact only very limited sectors . 
  i agree that russia 's economy is moving in the wrong direction , it 's just that i doubt the sanctions by themselves have much to do with it . 
  the supermarkets will always stock the products that sell best . 
  if that 's the cheapest one it simply shows where the customer 's preference lie - they also offer several grades and the relative size of the shelves given to each grade is not something fixed , they adjust it depending on what the customers buy . 
  and of course supermarkets are not the only places to buy food , there are markets in every town , smaller shops etc. 
  saying that customers do n't have choice when they have never had as much as now is just absurd . 
   that 's going to happen as soon as there 's a joint remembrance day for both the victims of the allies and the axis . 
  it took 60 years but there is such a day . 
  http://www.un.org/en/events/remembranceday/ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32619704, 
  i do n't know , the answer just is n't here yet .
