  the label does n't change what they are . 
   through an unaccountable , unelected bank acting entirely outside of its mandate by withdrawing your access to you fucking currency . 
  actually , a case can be made that the ecb overstepped its mandate by providing 89 bn ela funding to greek banks . 
  the ecb is n't the one withdrawing the money from the bank accounts , it is stepping in to compensate the withrawals . 
  this is a recurring issue , help extended is portrayed as an attack , lenders denounced as criminals etc. 
  this rhetoric does n't help finding an agreement . 
  actually , no eu country wants the uk out , and there 's no reason for this negociation to go badly . 
  there will be no iron clad legal guarantees of course - if only because these are impossible to grant , any more than actual treaty changes before a referendum . 
  so he 'll make do with some kind of political commitment to work together towards that goal . 
  obviously saying russia 's actions were rational was just a sneaky way for me to defend the massacre of jews by hitler . 
  what can i say , you got me . 
  this is n't about economics . 
  russia is not playing that card . 
  yes sure having a big naval base that is critical to your presence in the region being enclaved in a country that might be joining nato should be nothing to worry about . 
  knowing that there would be popular support locally and they would not have to face resistance from the population , that ukraine was n't in a position to react , and that military action from a third party was highly unlikely , seizing crimea was very rational . 
  maybe not , but he does n't believe in freedom of expression any more than those muslims . 
  and he 's not the only one . 
  as to sending people to jail for expressing their opinion , a recent condemnation in france on that count was thrown out on appeal on procedural grounds , but by itself it 's becoming acceptable here even if still exceptional . 
   generally opposed to freedom of expression ( when it comes to criticising their religious beliefs ) . 
  and they got the pope with them on that point . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's rhetoric and its purpose is communication . 
  russia is shrewd , rational , and keen to protect its interests . 
  it thoroughly dislikes having borders with nato members or anything but friendly ( preferably subservient ) or at least neutral states . 
  it got crimea and might invade eastern ukraine . 
  it may foment troubles where and when it can . 
  but it would gain nothing from a large scale conflict , so there 's no reason it would try . 
  negociations do n't work that way - making progress requires closed doors and carefully controlled communication . 
  yes . 
  it 's a working document , not an official text . 
  they took tspipras proposal and added their changes in a different color - pretty standard . 
  and it 's not like they had ample time to work on niceties . 
  come on , it ` just friendly advice : /, 
  yes i.understand you disagree with their analysis . 
  this arrival looks staged . 
  the camera and journalist just happen to be where they land , they 're all clean and relaxed after 10 hours ( ? 
  across 6 km ? ), 
  at sea , do some symbolic gesture of throwing their ( very nice looking ) lifejackets away ... 
   french , spanish , and italian food is `` better '' because of cultural associations and nothing else . 
  come on , 
  yeah i kinda get that . 
  the us got what it wanted for its internal propaganda , a `` defector to russia '' , and no one got saddled with the diplomatic ( and undiplomatic ) consequences of granting him asylum . 
  rather sad still . 
  not a us citizen , but i know two things : he has done a great service to us all , and he stands no chance of a fair trial in the us . 
  what i do n't get - what is wrong - is that no western country offered him asylum . 
   currently there is no proposal that both sides can accept if there were we 'd already have an agreement  but yes , we 'll see . 
  actually , they did finally make a move . 
  yes that tsipras proposal should have been tabled months ago , which would have left time to negociate , but that was probably impossible for him politically then . 
  anyway no one gets to remake history and it is still is a positive move . 
  they can still get to an agreement . 
  it 's apparently being refused the substitution of tax hikes ( almost ) only for spending cuts . 
  not everyone believes cutting spending to match resources or selling assets is outright fucking insanity , and raising taxes can do a lot worse for recovery than spending cuts . 
  the leaked creditor proposal seems to list a lot of reform commitments too . 
  the creditors may or may not be wrong but they are not insane . 
  thanks - that seems to be what i got from your previous explanations , must have worded my last post wrong . 
  central bank workings will always remain somewhat mysterious to me though i 'm afraid , 
  i naively imagined there were some sort of bog assets pledged ... 85 bn already lent to `` solvent '' greek banks , why did the ecb allow it to get that far ? 
  the deadline for an agreement should have been long ago . 
  so what happens if the ecb withdraws ela ? 
  i suppose the bog must call in the loans from the banks , who can not repay , so the bog ends with a big hole in its balance sheet ( loans minus whatever pro forma collateral they posted to the bog ) , but how does that translate into a loss for the ecb ? 
  oh i missed that - so the ecb gets no collateral at all ?? 
  bog must be pledging something ? 
  edit : sorry misread you , risk of the * national * central bank , ok . my question was how much risk the ecb is taking on those 85 bn . 
  do n't laugh . 
  yes that 's the theory . 
  edit : actually no , got [ corrected , thanks to / u/hematophagian ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3axq9w/tsipras_says_creditors_didnt_accept_his_greek_aid/csh7z7f.compact?context=3 ) , it 's even worse - they officially base it on the * assumed solvency of the greek banking system * . 
  for real . 
  ugh does n't sound good . 
  had a quick look at polish alcohol laws , from the outside they do seem rather complex and intricate , with several levels of government involved . 
  i guess this is one area where regulation in france has kept broadly within reason , and the taxes are n't as high as in some countries either . 
  yes and no . 
  ela is a short term commitment which can be withdrawn any time . 
  it 's collateralized lending too , though i do n't know what the qualiy of the collateral is ( they are not accepting self-issued notes guaranted by greece anymore , so presumably it 's worth * something * ), 
  i think the imf is agreeing with syriza 's left wing here , and reasonably so , that the proposal includes too much tax increases - they want more reform and spending cuts instead ( which of course is where they diverge from that left wing ) . 
  at least the overall budget target seems agreed now . 
  same in france , only they 'll switch to broken english , 
  as long as the regulation does n't create big barriers to entry the market will adjust to consumer demand - if that demand is heavy on cheap standardized fare it should be expected that bigger firms with economies of scale dominate . 
  i suspect what you 're describing for beer may reflect more evolving consumer tastes ( and disposable income ) than changes in regulation ? 
  the one model i would hate to see is the venezuelan one . 
  get a subscription to a russian language magazine . 
  read novels . 
  watch movies . 
  if you agree to age limits and advertising restrictions you are agreeing to regulation - there are no age limits for buying lettuce . 
  the issue then is to find a reasonable regulatory framework . 
  regulation of alcohol is variable by country , but looking at wine in france it leaves room for a great variety of producers big and small , including individuals , and is distributed through different channels from supermarkets to neighborhood wine shops - so applying a similar model to cannabis is quite attractive , plus it makes sense in terms of winning support for legalization : i am unaware of any credible argument supporting stricter legislation for cannabis than for alcohol ( except for supermarket sales , these would n't fly whatever the arguments in favor so better have licensed shops only ) , but it would be much harder to convince everyone that cannabis should be * less * regulated , given the similarities of many issues . 
  maybe someone can confirm but i 'm pretty sure officially federal law applies in all states , and they just agreed not to enforce it . 
  in any case the tide has turned in the us and even if it had not the us is not going to put up trade barriers with the eu because some country there legalizes pot , that 's just not a real issue . 
  legalizing does n't and should n't mean a cartel . 
  just treat it pretty much like any other plant so it can be grown freely , sold openly in shops etc. 
  vat is fine and adding some regulation similar to what is done for alcohol or tobacco would be sensible ( e.g. 
  no sales to minors , limits on advertising , etc. 
  well they have n't set up trade barriers against oregon , alaska , or colorado - not even washington d.c. each country in europe should legalize when it is ready to do so and not take hypothetical retaliation from the us as an excuse to delay . 
  oh well , let 's just get done with this agreement and move on to the next episode of the series . 
  while i agree with this , in most countries plenty of decisions are enforced upon much larger minorities against their will , including sending vast numbers of people to jail . 
  so the greek government retaliated by ordering even more armament . 
  you 're counting on the eu army to do wasteful spending instead ? 
  the imf did n't veto those cuts . 
  my understanding is that it did n't agree to include them * in the negociations * because it can not by statute interfere in matters of national security . 
  if syriza ( not the creditors ) were to announce such cuts unilaterally and unconditionally , then i 'm sure the imf would acknowledge their impact on the budget . 
   syriza-b gets a lot of votes and pledges to force the eu to make a deal to forgive greece 's debt and do n't have to agree to austerity .
