  what happened exactly ? 
  he has been saying similar things for at least 20 years though , has n't he ? 
  this is from 1994 : http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/zhirinovsky-redraws-map-of-europe/215425.html  russian ultranationalist vladimir zhirinovsky has committed his ideas for the future shape of europe to paper -- redrawing a road map to wipe out austria , slovenia , the baltic states , the czech republic and bosnia . 
  sure my `` impression '' is that a recent quote from someone involved in the negociation , and a third party impression from three years ago , are not equally relevant . 
  how subjective an impression !, 
  yes and syriza 's answer is `` solve everything * now * or i burn my country to the ground '' . 
  again , today we need emergency measures to stabilize the situation , and lots of cooperation around the table to find solutions . 
  immediate term , than medium term , then long term . 
  trust must be rebuilt quickly , and it will take several months to get there . 
  it does n't matter who is right for the long term if we do n't get past the short term . 
  that $ 10bn has nothing to do with long term , it is only to get breathing space . 
  also , i have no idea what the referendum is supposed to be about , i am only looking at what consequences seem likely . 
  and what it means to others has a bearing on those consequences - yes , many will hear a `` no '' as a big `` fuck you '' even if it is not intended that way . 
  and some of those must vote to approve new help . 
  yes . 
  i do n't know anyone laughing at this now . 
  most people are worried about the situation of the greek people and want a solution , but can not accept syriza 's incendiary approach . 
  we can find a solution together , but syriza seeks a solution * against * others , even pretending to want the best for europe - thank you , i did not vote for syriza and i certainly would never give it any mandate to decide what i want europe to be . 
  this is not a quote but a third party `` impression '' from three years ago . 
  whatever `` no '' means to those voting , it leads to more confrontation and no solution while the country 's economy deteriorates fast . 
  this is not a time or grandstanding , there is an emergency here . 
  how can this government not understand this ? 
  delors said there is now a need for an emergency $ 10 bn unconditional loan just to plug the gap for the immediate future while a solution is worked on ( and this sounds right , july 20th is tomorrow and there is no program in place ) . 
  who is europe will vote for this facing a `` no '' and defiant syriza demands , knowing that the next step is more red lines , and given that syriza has proved willing to default any time ? 
  it was a carricature . 
  my point is ai has no values at all , it is a tool . 
  french gendarmerie is really a police force though , it has little to do with military police and is not a concern - if anything they are more respectful of citizens than the police , they have a long history and tradition of acting more like peace keepers . 
  there is a drift though with deploying actual military forces within the country , with the `` vigipirate '' scheme . 
  it is for show really , they 're on display only so people feel they are being protected , but still a slippery slope . 
  ai is not god . 
  it values what we tell it to value . 
  there is a big difference between not wanting to be part of the eu and not wanting fiscal union and such . 
  the federalist argument `` if you do n't like deeper integration go away we do n't want you '' is most divisive and destructive . 
  many people and not just in the uk want the eu but not what goes under the mantle of `` deeper integration '' . 
  bullying them wo n't help . 
  good point . 
  they caused far less damage than taxi drivers did during their recent strike in paris . 
  yes australia is one country we should look at for inspiration , although the human rights situation in detention centers is often denounced and would not be acceptable here - but at least it has a coherent policy , ours is just an inconsistent mix coming from the inability to stand up to either the human rights activists refusing any restriction or the anti-immigration parties refusing any solution involving legal immigration - plus many countries with each different constraints and no common leadership . 
  off topic but that article mentions one of the books is on a `` most challenged list '' in the us . 
  not surprising for a book about growing up with gay parents , but does anybody understand the logic behind # 2 in [ that list ] ( http://www.ala.org/bbooks/frequentlychallengedbooks/top10 )  2 ) persepolis , by marjane satrapi reasons : gambling , offensive language , political viewpoint . 
  additional reasons : `` politically , racially , and socially offensive , '' `` graphic depictions '' i never thought this book could be controversial , except from the point of view of the mullahs in iran . 
  how do they manage to find this `` racially and socially offensive '' ? 
  ( politically offensive = i do n't agree , i get that , although that book is subtle and certainly not a political manifesto in any way ) . 
  so you must first let them land , start handling asylum requests ( no , we are not sending people back to erythrea ) , etc. 
  i do agree the whole policy must change - just that there is no easy and straightforward solution . 
  opening up legal immigration channels and selling schengen work visas , would do a lot to alleviate the issue . 
  but politically we 're not there yet . 
  just sink them , it 's easier . 
  what do you want to do ? 
  shoot them as they land ? 
  the current policies for immigration and asylum are a mess and seriously need fixing , but it 's not an easy fix either . 
  oh everyone would prefer to put the migrants on a ferry to england and let the uk deal with them were that possible , their presence in calais is clearly a burden . 
  but they are not doing that at all , although i must say i do n't understand the way they 're handling this crisis . 
  from the article ( and other recent ones too ) it seems both sides ( three actually , the turkish government 's position is important here ) are saying progress is being made in negociations towards that goal - but surely they still have some issues to resolve before agreeing on the terms of a referendum . 
  i have no idea , i do n't follow what the pope says . 
  and i 'm sure he did not complain when votes were organized properly with due notice and with him having access to his money . 
  no one plans for having to vote in such a situation , with no absentee ballot either ( greeks living abroad are also pretty much denied voting rights by this process ) . 
  and he is n't even complaining in the article , just stating it . 
   the point i 'm making is we would do well to have a look at the reason why we have so many more people in prison than them , and why our prisons have revolving doors . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  my point was only about the failure to properly compensate the victim here . 
  it sends the message that raping a 12 year old girl is just a youthful mistake , worth a slap on the wrist and a stern `` do n't do it again , son '' . 
  i do n't think it 's peculiar to this case - as stated in the article this is the way these things are normally handled there , and that is what i have difficulty with , not the special case . 
  maybe they 're right , maybe expecting real reparation is unrealistic , but it 's a little hard to accept . 
  overall i have little doubt that their system is better , but this aspect still feels wrong . 
  this is so wrong . 
  we ignore or even deny our moral duty and substitute legal rights for it . 
   there is no duty for those who are more capable to help the weaker ones . 
  of course there is . 
  this is n't a matter of economics or legal rights - in that sense you are correct . 
  but there is a moral duty for each of us to help the weaker members of society . 
  it 's the same in many countries . 
  if is was allowed for him to be registered in his village , why would have he not done so ? 
   he just was n't arsed to do it what ? 
  he is 77 , and he was told one week ago there would be a referendum , and he ca n't withdraw his own money from the bank . 
  blaming him for not anticipating all this is truly uncouth . 
  like a neighbouring country with strong ties to the eu , though . 
  people in europe will still want to help greece a lot more than some remote country in asia or africa . 
  their government is telling them every day that there is another option - of course some believe that government . 
  it 's not like each citizen is making a deliberate decision to delude himself . 
  leaving is the unquestionned right of each member . 
  but the temptation then would be to give up on greece and just pass the file to the lawyers to handle recovery through legal means . 
  more likely though it would just be slow negociations on the one hand and humanitarian aid on the other . 
  border controls would obviously result , not as punishment but because that is normal for a non-eu country . 
  their focus would be illegal immigrants - i would expect eu to keep its door open to greek citizens however . 
  this makes sense too , but that 's the only thing they mention about the judgment - that and 180 hours of community service , which does n't do anything for the victim . 
  as a principle i think this is far superior to exacting revenge in the form of crazy prison sentences - but for tis particular crime , the sentence seems to be doing so little towards `` repair [ ing ] the harm caused by crime '' that it sounds like a denial of the harm done by rape . 
   `` restorative justice , '' which aims to repair the harm caused by crime rather than punish people this seems sensible . 
  what does n't in this logic is the completely trivial amount of reparation here , $ 15,000 paid to the victim ? 
  the thing with multipliers is that they help only with figures - what 's needed is more private sector production to allow for more consumption . 
  it 's a shitty situation , at least with a yes i expect everyone will work together to try to solve it - the issue at hand now is not even a long term solution , it is stabilizing the economy with an emergency plan , this week will leave a huge cost . 
  actually it may not even be that different with a no - if tsipras realizes that . 
  if he stays he must give up the rhetoric and get to work , each day lost costs the country . 
  if so they need to reduce spending more , no easy choice here . 
  one thing you mentionned is unemployment of 55 + and this is a serious issue , how to get businesses to hire them - retirement at 55 is not a sustainable option . 
  the only reservation i have here is that yes , it will try - but if tsipras says `` do this or i leave '' , the answer will be `` sorry ca n't do '' . 
  it 's hard to say , keeping the euro after a yes is both technical and political - what is very likely is that it would lead in some way to * effectively * being largely out even if quite possibly ( certainly if the government does n't ask out ) formally in - i.e. 
  no more ela , banks wo n't have euros , govt will issue some kind of ious/currency etc. 
  so in a way both in and out , until the default situation is resolved some time later . 
  public declarations all make it black and white , which tend to carricature things - but on the other hand they 're not lying as to the symbolic meaning .
