  this is something we already have far too much of at a national level . 
  at least today each country can chose the level of the burden citizens want to impose on each other , so some can have a broad consensus on that . 
  at a european level it would simply be the tyranny of the majority . 
  i 'll stop here , i do n't want to argue . 
  if a majority succeeds on imposing its will on us on this matter , we 'll comply . 
  what else can we do ? 
  well , try and leave the union of course if that 's possible . 
  i hope very much such a choice is not imposed on european citizens . 
  well , if the purpose of integration is to increase taxes , and the european project has become a dream of enlarging bureaucracy , then this just makes it more of a worry . 
  and if the best advocacy for it is `` this or the middle ages ! '', 
  it is a disturbing project . 
  i 've always been - still am - european and pro eu . 
  the one thing that will turn me away from it if it gains traction is this hard push for a central power to weigh on the lives of all citizens , this dream of a superstate . 
  so how about challenges to this law in a constitutional court ( or whichever institution plays that role in spain ) and in the ehrc ? 
  you mean we 're doomed to more bureaucracy and more taxes ? 
  i fear this push for further integration as it is in fact highly divisive . 
  yes , some want it , by by no means all , and this would create bitter division between and within countries . 
  recently we heard `` let 's do more taxes ! '', 
  as the latest genius move for solving europe 's problems . 
  no , it is not fiscal union or the bullying of smaller members in the name of fighting tax evasion , that will revive europe . 
  more cooperation yes , but not more bureaucracy and more taxes , not more power to impose the will of the majority on the minorities , for this will destroy what is good in the union . 
  i also found the analysis very interesting , and i do think tsipras thinks strategically . 
  but i am not completely convinced by the argument , it seems more win-win for tsipras : he 's ok with no , he will stay in power in us-against-the-world mood and blame all problems that follow on outside forces ( ecb sabotaged the banks etc. 
  ) , and he 's ok with yes since he can retreat proudly with the prestige of a hero wounded in a noble fight and live to fight another day , his party intact . 
  the referendum decision was terrible - devastating for greece and for europe . 
  but it was good for tsipras , very good even . 
  since he was the one who made that decision , perhaps this is no coincidence . 
  oh come on . 
  i do n't want to write a defense of the advantadges of trade , or why you should let consumers make their own choices ( yes , almost like you treat them like grownups ) but seriously you 're saying that all european consumers oustide italy are harmed by the lack of a similar prohibition ? 
  edit : you do have a point about subsidies - i rhought these did n't exist any more but it 's true that for a long time europe had an utterly stupid policy on dairy products , with subsidies to produce unwanted stuff . 
  if some such thing still exist , i would understand you ask for it to be scrapped in return for removing that trade barrier . 
  i did n't say they check make ups ( though they do ) , but taste . 
  what does it matter if there 's powdered milk if it tastes the same ? 
  and if it does n't , consumer can tell . 
  quality products have their buyers , cheap products too . 
  for the consumer , having the choice is always better . 
  i thought that we had a single market and everyone agreed that it 's a good thing , i must say i find it worrying to hear a defense of protectionist policies within europe . 
  it would n't harm quality exports , and it 's really just a protectionist measure - i 'm just surprized it 's been allowed to stand so long in the single market . 
  consumers may chose yoghurt made using powdered milk if it tastes the same and is cheaper , but this would not harm them , they can still chose something else . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  it says the commission wants italy to remove a ban on the * import * of ~ ~ junk cheese ~ ~ cheese made with powdered/concentrate milk . 
  how would lifting such a ban prevent the production of mozarella or any other proper cheese ? 
  i do n't think there 's any simlar ban in france , but this has zero impact on quality cheese makers - no one is forcing them to produce things like industrial cheese-like stuff , which is used in cheap industrial prepared food . 
  how come they let liechtenstein off the hook so easily ? 
  it 's not a ruling but an administrative decision , the legality of which may be challenged - but the government also had the managers of uber brought in police custody and charged over uberpop , they 're putting all the pressure they can to stop it while waiting for the courts to decide on the case . 
  no it does n't include them , but the taxis may block them , attack some drivers etc. 
  so it may be hard to take a uber safely during a strike , especially at the airport where they are visible and easy targets . 
  either that or he 's become hostage to his party 's hard left who want to exit eu and use the resulting unrest to stage a marxist revolution ? 
  sounds preposterous but can they enforce it ? 
  you can post a video anonymously through tor or the like after scrubbing identifying info . 
  but surely this law wil be challenged , it seems to blatantly disregard freedon of the press among other things ? 
  uber should still be safe - but if the taxis announce another strike on that date you 're probably stuck with the rer or the express buses - a better choice imho , safer and more comfortable , i think there 's one going to opera , quite close to richelieu drouot . 
  edit : check roissybus http://www.aeroportsdeparis.fr/en/passengers/access/paris-charles-de-gaulle/public-transport, 
  yes obviously a joke , i was agreeing with him but i can see it looks otherwise : ), 
  * everyone * will veto this . 
  the offer on debt relief was a lot to swallow for other members , but this request is a non-starter . 
  this looks like tsipras is again posturing so he can blame the other side for a failure to agree . 
  it ca n't guarantee it will be accepted by parliaments , and merkel would have to expend a lot of political capital to get the debt relief part approved . 
  but given the dramatic situation , i would expect she can pull it off - and then how could others be seen as the ones blocking a deal and assume such huge responsibility ? 
  this would leave deep scars , many will resent what will be viewed as capitulation in the face of blackmail - and that feeling will be present on both sides . 
  but at this point there is no more good solution , at best a long and arduous path to slowly repair the damage . 
  seems rather unlikely but the deal would if i understand it correctly include a commitment to work on debt relief , as well as removing one on the red lines on ekas , so he * might * be able to spin it as a victory and campaign for a yes . 
  who knows , we 'll see . 
   why would they be obliged to cut it tomorrow ? 
  because the bailout program expires . 
  but you 're right it 's not black and white , it just makes it a bit harder to maintain that the greek banks are solvent . 
  which they would n't have done since the investigation was started a while ago but were suddenly prone to doing right after the taxi strike , of course . 
  they can say that these drachmas ( or euro receipts or whatever ) are convertible 1 : 1 for euros and in fact convert them in limited amount at this official rate . 
  blame this temporary measure on the criminal behaviour of the ecb who unilaterally cut off the euro supply , a move they are fighting in court , promise that they will win and get back those euros eventually ? 
  in fact they did not cut it , only refused to increase it . 
  in theory they are probably ( ? ), 
  obliged to cut it tomorrow , but it would make no sense economically or politically , so they will surely find a way to extend it until the 5th , and as long as needed if the vote is positive - they can then argue that an agreement is imminent and it will preserve the solvency of those banks . 
  it looks like syriza 's plan may be to issue a parallel currency , disregard treaties , yet stay members of ez ( since there 's no provision for leaving anyway ) and fight in court each step taken by ecb in response . 
  litigation for years , feeding their populist rhetoric and allowing them to stand as the defender of the oppressed greek people against the evil eurogroup/troika/whatnot . 
  the eu treaties are not made for fighting so they could play that game for a while . 
  well obviously they did n't `` set up a black market '' and that 's not what they are accused of . 
  but nice sound bite . 
  i do think there is a difference between murder and robbery , and working without a licence , yes . 
  and custody for someone identified as dangerous or violent is more justifiable , yes . 
  well given that france has repeatedly been condemned by ehcr over its police custody practices , i am not the only one to find them questionable . 
  there are two issues - one is french law is very lax in defining those conditions , the other is judges are very lenient in applying them - custody is used to `` soften '' a suspect , especially useful in `` white collar crimes '' where those suspects are not hardened to those practices . 
  that french tradition of systematic use of custody has receded a bit since the ehrc has imposed that they can speak to a lawyer , but there is still a long way to go . 
  also , a custody that would be declated illegal would not mean they are acquitted , only that what they said during this custody might be rejected . 
  but in this case it does n't matter , they are held for impression as a bullying tactic , if they 're properly advised they will not utter one word during those 48hr apart from `` i want to talk to my lawyer '' . 
  again , taking someone in custody is not the normal judiciary process , even if it is common in france . 
  they have n't even been charged and they can spend 48h behind bars , be subject to humiliating searches , spend a night in a cell in awful conditions - this is punishment without judgment , and even though the criteria in france for allowing this are very lax , they do require that it is necessary and the only way to find the truth or a few other reasons . 
  but this case is not unique , police custody in france is broadly used in ways that are contrary to human rights . 
   no there is just the law , you break it you get arrested no , that is how it works in a police state . 
  other than that , breaking the law by itself does not justify arrest , and the law specifies conditions required for police custody . 
  what presumably breaking the law gets you is a fair trial , and then if you are found guilty whatever punishment the law sets out . 
  by the way they are suspected , not convicted . 
  yes police arrest does yield to that confusion too , its a good move to show the suspect as presumed guilty . 
  you 're right it seems they were taken in custody in relation to uberpop . 
  still illegal i think , police custody is not supposed to be a means of pressure and intimidation but something used only when strictly necessary . 
  but then again there 's law and there 's the tradition in france . 
  oh well , anyway it 's a minor detail in this whole charade . 
  still does n't seem innocent at all to use that order , unless perhaps it 's traditional in greece to put it that way ? 
  `` o '' is before `` n '' in greek ? 
  at this point it 's really yes or no to europe , the details of what 's written do n't matter , it 's just symbolic . 
  there is a constant bombardment of krugman and stiglitz posts at the moment in r/europe , all with the same useless pontifications repeated again and again .
