  once this is done and a reform program launched , you can get confidence back . 
  i get your point but i do n't agree - wages * will * rise naturally from businesses restarting , needing to hire , and competing for employees . 
  i 'm not saying lowering wages by fiat - you need to * raise * wages to market levels where you need to , just removing restrictions and freeing them . 
  maybe minimum wage is n't the issue now in greece , but better have people working for a low wage than unemployed - or working for less but undeclared . 
  one good thing he put , but did not go far enough , is privatization . 
  the ports will become efficient under private ownership . 
  but so would every state owned business , the train system seems a good candidate . 
  i agree with this very much , island vat is really a secondary issue ( unless there 's a back story there and it 's a source of fraud ) , not worth a place in high level negociations . 
  and you 're right , chasing street vendors is n't solving anything , you need to adress the root - make the system such that working officially and paying reasonable taxes is both possible and worth it . 
  they did insist on a number of things in the area of rule of law etc and he put several good items in his proposal in this area , so it 's not all bad . 
  it * could be * the start of a great plan , but only if he kills the crazies who brought him to power . 
  the pensions though are a very real issue , such as system must be balanced - and no , 67 is not old , 70 would be fine , what they asked and got was too timid . 
  yes we are told the pensions feed whole families who do n't work , and that 's crazy , demoralizing , and makes the young people who could be productive either idle or working some half legal stuff . 
  labour reform should be a top priority , not just consultations - lower the minimum wage , scrap regulations and * let people work * . 
  i 'm sensitive to this because we have less dramatic but similar situation here , high unemployment , unions blocking things and politicitians holding consultations and producing hare brained schemes instead of doing their job . 
  yeah this is why i think the whole thing wo n't work . 
  politicians are the worst possible allocators of capital , and such a process just feeds clientelism and waste . 
  actually the best would be * no * public investment program , and spending the money on ensuring the rule of law , rooting out corruption , firing tsipras ' cousin and zoe 's mother who got these nice jobs after he rose to power ( assuming the [ report on that ] ( http://panteres.com/2015/05/07/greece-syriza-government-nepotism-continues/ ) was correct , i do n't know the source 's quality ) , and generally making the environment a good one to invest and do business in . 
  and also putting some medicines in hospitals , there is a shameful situation there more urgent than giving perks to unions and pleasing his pals in the public sector by rehiring fired workers . 
  but expecting that from a marxist is a huge lot of wishful thinking , especially one in bed with truly crazy leftists and rightists . 
  anyway he 's the only game in town so that 's where we 've got to put our money on and just hope he does n't waste it . 
  oh do n't worry this weekend they will just agree on the outlines , we 'll have many more negociations ahead , 
  the best way would be to have private funds/banks/venture capital firms doing the investments themselves , operating locally , and investing in private companies - they have exactly the right incentives . 
  but even channelling public funds to those needs to be done with great care , the best might just be for eib to be minority shareholders bringing some capital , so as not to distort incentives . 
  having the eib vetting government sponsored projects is far more of a risk , i would have no trust in that . 
  oh also - private investors love to eat public funds just as much as the next guy , some companies just live off that . 
  public schemes make such companies pop up like mushrooms . 
  in france we have for instance special tax-sponsored overseas territories investment schemes , which are mostly wasted in hare brained schemes , unprofitable investments , and much worse - all through private companies set up for the purpose of milking those funds . 
  tons and tons of other waste in many other state sponsored stuff . 
  iirc the track record of similar programs in greece is that they filled the coffers of papandreou 's friends and clientele and possibly his successors ' . 
  i think juncker 's program is rather useless and wasteful in general , but in the context it looks like a really bad idea . 
  i agree with you tsipras seems the best chance ( though i think syriza itself is useful only as a vehicle for him , not a chance in itself ) - but a public investment program is a temptation hard to resist and as you say the environmnent is one well prepared for using it badly , which is why i question the idea . 
  such programs are a source of corruption and waste in many countries , even those which are generally thought as clean . 
  true , but was it ? 
  i did see airbus making that claim but no details or confirmation . 
  edit - confirmed : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-07-10/airbus-electric-plane-jumps-channel-arriving-in-second-place  in fact , the cri cri was obliged to take off attached to another plane , and then drop off , after authorities blocked it from taking off solo , said christian vandamme , director of production at electravia . 
  i am quite worried about the `` investment program '' part - this can be such a source of roads to nowhere built by well connected companies giving kickbacks to politicians , it often end up as a big waste of money fuelling corruption . 
  politicians and their friends will be waiting to line up their pockets and syriza is not immune to that by any means given the opportunity , they have already shown nepotism . 
  other than that i agree this is not a defeat by syriza . 
  well , after all maybe a haircut as advocated by some in the us is a good idea . 
  it would apply only to privately held debt of course , since others ca n't legally do it . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  hard to see how an article 352 suspension from eurozone would play out , this would require a whole other negociation to work out a plan consistent with it . 
   i did n't know that using the euro was a requirement for being a member of the eu ? 
  adopting the euro is a `` soft '' requirement when joining - countries ( except the two who negociated an opt out when the treaty was signed ) must make it a goal , but first they must meet conditions , then apply , etc. 
  and there is no preset time limit for the process . 
  ( but once in , there is no legal way to formally get out short of leaving the eu ) . 
  while the ecb could be taken to court for keeping ela so long , it would have been a clear breach of its mandate to increase it a week ago - i have nothing against taking the ecb to court , and a challenge to qe for instance might have merit , but his accusation is absurd . 
  he will of course lose , but he is wasting public money in doing so . 
  no such quote in that article , only a reference to dijsselbloem with no quote , probably a reference to his previous `` thorough piece of text '' comment when he also said content was to be studied . 
  by himself , i wish - but yes , he passes the bill to the french population only . 
  yes complete waste of public money , hope the guy gets to pay legal costs for his frivolous suit . 
  pretty much  hollande got his own ( very timid and partial ) reforms and budget `` cuts '' ( in his case meaning smaller increases than some base case ) cleared by brussels , and it 's hard to argue his plans are much more credible than tsipras ' . 
  did they really base their calculations on pre-default data without including the effects of the last two weeks at all ? 
  actially airbus just said it does n't count , they 're claiming to be first . 
  deal does n't mean it wo n't default the first time there 's a substantial repayment . 
  last time tsipras saw a debt repayment due , he tore down the contract and refused to pay unless his demands were met ( and of course that repayment would in any case be funded by more lending ) . 
  what he 'll do next time depends entirely on what he will expect to be most profitable for him politically at that point . 
  to me the reason i tend to favor a deal is more to prevent greece from experiencing a disaster that will make the last five years look like a golden age , and to take a gamble on the possibility of the miraculous conversion of tsipras , because the payoff of such a gamble is high for everyone . 
  to be fair , nobody knows if the loans will get repaid either way . 
  yes , unless he gets rid of a good part of syriza and transforms himself , in a couple years we may well have another wave of protests against the criminal lenders who dared offer a third bailout and prop up this nepotist clique . 
  but it 's interesting to see the most strident defenders of the poor and the oppressed like the president of parliament pick up up those plum jobs for themselves and their families . 
  sounds really cool , airbus must be fuming , 
  agreed , the currency itself is very useful but it would need an independent central bank prohibited from buying government debt , propping up insolvent banks , or pursuing inflationary policies . 
  that may be what the treaties said , but that 's not what we 've got . 
  well , fiscal union means greece gets a temporary administrator named by brussels to implement sweeping cuts and fire public sector employees , like it happens when a city goes bust . 
  i am against fiscal union but if greece wants it , maybe we should consider it . 
  come on , we handicap ourselves , it 's only fair that others do the same !, 
  we also have 4000 pages of labour regulations all of europe needs to adopt , we do not accept that other countries reduce unemployment below ours . 
  and we must enforce government spending above 55 % of gdp too . 
  you know what , i will not comment on them in detail , i am doing my best trying to forget all about the whole attitude displayed by the writer in this interview , because holding grudges does no good , and we must move on . 
  i just hope he either gets rid of this attitude or gets fired , otherwise this guy will sabotage the reforms . 
  hah , as i reread them i was finding them lacking in ambition somewhat , someone noted they reintroduced a contentious point about collective bargaining , and a number of dates are missing ... a number of good points though , on the reform side , privatization too . 
  not sure it will be an easy sell on the lenders ' side either , though at this point the political pressure to agree is very strong . 
  the situation has indeed changed and they must analyse the proposal on its own merits . 
  not sure it will pass as it is from giving it a quick read , but we 'll see . 
  oh yes , much whining . 
  yeah i hope so too . 
  just follow romania on the corruption fighting thing , 
  oh i see , you 're absolutely right i was completely misreading this . 
  yes but he can steer clear of nepotism himself , pass the message , and fire those who do n't understand it . 
  did n't see something about naming a prosectutor with special powers to weed out corruption but that would be a good move . 
  oh ok , because it 's too soft / vague ? 
  who wo n't accept ? 
  the parliament has to vote on the whole thing or reject it , they ca n't pick what they like . 
  but i do n't like this wording , `` should '' is not a commitment , this should be `` will '' . 
  several other points also lack firm commitments with dates , which is a problem . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  about that talk , i guess this is about zoe ( last name escapes me ) the president of parliament ? 
  saw he talked to her for * three and a half hours * ?? 
  clientelism is * very * bad , and no it does n't happen everywhere - well , in local politics to some extent where it can be a cancer . 
  what happens everywhere is political clientelism in the sense of passing laws to please your electoral base , which is also bad , but i was referring to giving preference for jobs or public contracts based on party affiliation/connection and such things . 
  to me if he does n't get rid of it he fails . 
  yes that 's when he start hearing of banning money and or debt so.the right to privately contract etc , and it becomes a nightmare - or you do n't ban it and it will be used because it is an extremely useful invention and people want it , hence my reservations . 
  basically i think it 's an utopia and utopias either do n't last or they evolve into totalitarism . 
  so how do you see his next move ? 
  will he ditch his hardliners , build a new majority and actually get things done , or will he be happy with having gained power and install his own clientelism ? 
  actually i am more sympathetic to anarcho capitalism , though i have nothing against anarchy until it starts banning something . 
  surprised it has n't been leaked yet - no one who wants to tear it down has a copy ? 
  they were n't even happy with just no , they wanted to add a double no to the referendum ,
