  also , democratic referendums are called by a government to ask the people if it agrees with something it is proposing and defending . 
  `` no '' is not a proposal , it is the responsibility of a government to refuse a deal it is not willing to accept . 
  i would be incensed if in my country a government tried such a manipulative move . 
  i would not consider it democratic , especially when it asks me to reject a proposal that does n't exist , provides no clear plan about what it will do instead , all in a week 's time - and not only that , he failed to first secure the extension necessary to avoid dramatic developments including the end of the very program we are told he is proposing to extend . 
  one month earlier with two week notice and a clear question , ok - but this ? 
  it is a parody of democracy , asking for an emotional answer instead of a reasoned one . 
  `` how she deals with prisoners '' ( who are holding a guard hostage in a 5 day siege after a very violent riot ) . 
  i 'm sure terrorists always comply immediately with such request when told they might go to jail if they do not give up their keys . 
  at least that ban in france was revoked years ago , and it was before strong encryption had become ubiquitous . 
  we need someone to desescalate this . 
  tsipras has driven everyone crazy yes , but scha\u00fcble is now adding to the fire , and while djisselboem 's statement is as expected in content , its tone could be less cold . 
  please someone send a positive message . 
  there is tsipras and he may deserve all the scorn , but there is also the people of greece - and europe . 
  this is really what kundera is saying - or what i am reading - in this beautiful text : europe 's shared culture lies in this very diversity . 
  in france , this would help balance its own budget . 
  the trajectory of its public finances is highly worrying , with debt increasing and pensions in deficit . 
  one of the pension regimes is currently on the verge of bankruptcy . 
  but it does n't matter , there is no option but to spend money on greece , the hope is to do it with strong structural reforms that put greece on a path to real growth and a healthy economy , instead of remaining an eternal problem for itself and for europe . 
  by a new program i did n't mean something radically different , i was referring to the fact there is now no program in place , and one is needed . 
  cutting spending and adjusting consumption to equate production is necessary to balance the books , but i realize not everyone agrees with that . 
  it is for the people of greece to decide , there is no easy course and it is a tough decision . 
  but expecting help to conduct a program the lenders do not believe in is an illusion - as much as would conducting a program the government does not believe in be , which was the issue with the previous program . 
  i for one am not lenient about lagarde - rather i admire her competence , dedication , and integrity . 
  the fact that her salary ( quite modest at that level , she 'd make a great deal more in the private sector ) is tax free because that 's what the imf status implies , is a non issue . 
  i thought he did , at first . 
  now i do n't know - has he become a lunatic or was he hostage to his radicals ? 
  still the second case is possible . 
  is there a possibility that tsipras could take half or 1/3 of his party and lead or join a national union coalition for a few months , in order to handle the most urgent task of building a new program with eu so as to consolidate things in the short term ? 
  july 20th looms . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with following the established rules of parliamentary debate . 
  there are pros and cons to time limits , each parliament has its own rules about it as well as lots of other rules to ~ ~ ensure ~ ~ favor a structured productive discussion . 
  smoke screens and confusion is all he is trying to achieve . 
  as lagarde said not long ago , we need some adults at the table . 
  it is becoming extremely hard to even imagine the possibility of a serious discussion with tsipras . 
  this is very bad in itself , because for all the talk we heard about regime change , the most important thing the eu and greece need to sort out the mess he created is a stable and legitimate government in greece , willing to negociate in trust . 
  a new program is now needed urgently , and any delay in forming a new majority in the greek parliament if tsipras steps down ( or worse , new elections , which would take time ) works against a solution . 
  320 bn $ \u00f7 20 $ = 16 bn = twice the population of the world . 
  who are all millionaires of course . 
  sounds like a plan . 
  not that putting greece in receivership is any more of a plan . 
  this sounds silly as described , just a way to inflame national sensitivities . 
  serious trolling here . 
  indeed this looks like the most likely explanation . 
  i guess the technically savvy can check if they did use an unusual ( but normal looking ) font which got substituted by the reader software in the crazy-looking version . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  banking and ( some ) oil stuff are some of the highest ` gdp per hour worked ' activities , and part of the reason norway and luxembourg show high numbers . 
  edit : re-read your post , i think i probably misunderstood you , we might be both saying the same thing . 
  looks very much like what happens all the time in lots of parliaments , in many debates each mp ( or minister ) has fixed amount of time for speaking / asking a question and when they continue speaking past that time their mike is turned off . 
  is this anything else ? 
  my reading is : op uses misleading title trying to make a story out of nothing . 
  i do n't really understand what this ratio is telling us but is is * not * a measure of `` working efficiently '' unless you compare only between countries with the same or similar gdp per capita - and even then it is a mixed measure , not useful in isolation . 
  eu will obviously not eject greece , because it does not want to for one thing , and also because it can not since there is no provision whatsoever in the treaties for expelling a member . 
  yes , it 's completely unreasonable to expect a bigger contribution from greece ( as a share of gdp ) than from others . 
  i suppose it 's his role to.say that , but the very day greece falls in arrears at the imf is perhaps not the most opportune moment for issuing such a statement . 
   the imf process will go on for years before full default is declared . 
  i do n't think the imf has * ever * declared a default . 
  sudan is in arrears since 1984 ( www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2014/cr14364.pdf ), 
  was argentina ever in arrears at the imf ? 
  edit : yes you 're right , [ it did miss a payment ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2003/09/10/business/argentina-defaults-on-3-billion-imf-debt.html ) . 
  i guess it 's not counted as a developed country . 
  yes except its not a `` way to force them out '' but a consequence of default . 
  the cutting of of ela becomes mandatory after default or when the theory of `` solvent '' banks can no longer be supported . 
  and even then unless they want to ( as * some * in syriza do i think ) , they are not forced to leave , but in essence they lose the benefits of the euro until the situation is resolved . 
  how they 'd manage that i have no idea , it must be their plan.b . 
  once a program in place and the immediate situation in order they would have addressed that . 
  well if he wants to play hardball , the imf arrears ( if i understood correctly ) gives the efsf the right to call in all its loans for immediate reimbursement . 
  it 's a totally stupid game , but definitely the kind tsipras plays . 
  staying in eu is a different issue though - they will stay forever unless they decide to leave , default does n't impact that directly . 
  and in ez , they can stay formally in after default , though with no access to ela or any other fund . 
  they ( eu/imf ) did offer a lot compared to that status quo in their proposals . 
  lowering the bar rather than moving the goalposts i guess . 
  the key date seems to be july 20 ecb payment . 
  before that there 's imf - we do n't pay that , its arrears not default , and t-bills ( held by greek banks i think ) , which should just be rolled over . 
  then again there 's the little issue of ela : if there 's no agreement ( i.e , vote says no to proposal ) it is unlikely the ecb can maintain it more than a couple days after the 5th , and certain it can not do it past july 20th . 
  yes that was the point of tsipras letter , he wanted an image of europe saying no to him , instead of him saying no to europe . 
  it was n't a serious request . 
  dijsselbloem : http://cdn.theguardian.tv/mainwebsite/2015/06/30/150630toolatebailoutgreece_desk.mp4, 
  the us has badly designed and excessive regulation of isps leading to those near monopolies and the ugly comcast . 
  proper light regulation in this area ensures competition - several countries in europe have managed that . 
  i do n't know how it works in various countries but in france dsl access is competitive because no one can have a monopoly on a consumer , who can always switch providers ( and they do ! ), 
  as to startups of course they can pay proportionally to their needs , its a cost like gasoline for a transport company , part of doing business , not an unfair advantage . 
  today we do n't have this enforced net neutrality rule and there are no monopolies . 
  cartels can be detected and broken up , there are laws for that . 
  and no , its not extorsions and the `` victims '' are youtube and netflix , hardly the mom n pop corner shop . 
  as usual the regulation would favor some specific big corporate interests and they have succeeded in getting small guys to defend it for them . 
  and he sent * another * letter , different from the one in dancing fonts asking for a new bailout ? 
  are they trying to turn drama into farce ? 
  edit : so syriza 's strategy seems to be to issue a dramatic announcement , and then as soon as people are starting to understand what it means , issue a new one contradicting the first - and if anyone gets its meaning ? 
  then a third !, 
  enforcing one tax rate decided by a majority upon those countries which would prefer a different rate , meaning imposing higher taxes in countries where the citizens do n't want them and cutting social services in countries where there is a high tax consensus , would be a form of tyranny of the majority . 
  the diversity of europe is its wealth . 
  i understand the project you defend , i just dislike it thoroughly and i also think trying to push it on the citizens would provoke a backlash against europe and deep divisions . 
  this has nothing to do with monopolies - and competition between isps ensures that customers can switch to the best supplier . 
  startups can very well compete by buyimg the capacity they need like everyone else , they do not need a subsidy in the form of such a rule . 
  right , but step down with his prestige intact , and ready to do battle again . 
  for that case i think the article 's analysis sounds very plausible . 
  without a referendum he could either sign the deal , explode his party and lose power with nothing left , or say no and bear the full responsibility himself for the ensuing collapse , when he had campaigned promising a deal with europe . 
  both were very bad for him . 
  the referendum turned that into two good options for him - at great cost to the greek people but he must have felt righteous enough to disregard that . 
  i do n't know if they bowed to a lobby , but while net neutrality as a practice is fine , enshrining it into law is a very bad idea which would prevent the market from finding the best , most flexible solutions for trading and allocating capacity , and would reduce necessary investment and result in less choice and poorer service for consumers .
