  i thought we were talking about germany in international ( primarily eu ) relations , i must say i do n't follow internal german politics much . 
   badmouthing whoever opposes them as an extremist . 
  i do n't recall hearing that , which cases are you referring to ? 
  the rest of what you describe sounds like `` advancing your viewpoint through persuasion '' . 
  not a terrible thing , and i certainly find it more productive than the syriza method of systematically antagonizing everyone ( though thankfully they seem to have changed tactics for now ) . 
  i have no plan to learn either right now , but i am not denying that esperanto may be easier to learn . 
  i am only saying it does n't matter very much . 
  what you are comparing is the cost of learning the language , but that is only one side of the equation , and the gain in knowing it is just as important - more so for me , and presumably for many others too - otherwise many more people would have learned esperanto by now instead of other languages they picked . 
  i have nothing against esperanto , and i might possibly learn it one day , after another half dozen languages i am more interested in . 
  mostly this is because i do n't have much interest in esperanto culture or ideology . 
  no , unless the non-english speaker does not want a translator , both will speak in their own language and a translator will ... translate to the other language . 
  honestly among the two i would pick latin without much hesitation , because of the culture and litterature it gives access to . 
  ease of learning is n't much of a factor in choosing a language , and this seems to.be the only argument in favor of esperanto ( other than `` it 's not english '' ) . 
  well , going that route we could make latin the official language - but still not esperanto which does not have historical and cultural meaning in europe . 
  or perhaps israel was a very special case ? 
  well , denmark did n't run a large deficit for year after year - but yes reducing spending is politically very difficult ( though greece has the option to blame it on creditors which makes it easier for their government ) , yet it still must be done ( and it still stands at close to 50 % of gdp after all the cuts ) . 
  a big difference with denmark is that afaik the danish budget is structurally sound so there is no need for drastic action . 
  when you start with huge structural problems it 's another story . 
  nobody will make it an official language when it is spoken by a tiny minority . 
  if you want to see that , first convince lots of people to learn it and then we can talk again . 
  in the meantime people will learn a language because it is used where they live or work or by whom they love , or for the purpose of discovering a culture or country . 
  esperanto does n't really register on any of those counts except for a small minority . 
  how are they advantaged when there is a translation both ways ? 
  if anything you are , because you probably understand english while they do n't understand your language . 
  it certainly needs growth , and some debt restructuring to keep interest costs low and delay repayment to let growth catch up , but it needs spending less too - the root cause of the debt is overspending , and it kept increasing because the government was spending more than it earned ( not that it 's the only one doing that , many others are doing the same ) . 
  well yes it needs to improve more for the debt to go down - still , the deficit shown in this chart went down a lot during that period and this is an improvement - semantics perhaps , a lower deficit is still a deficit and you may call it an improvement only once there is a surplus , but the point is that spending falling faster than revenues is an improvement for the government finances compared to both unchanged . 
  in any case i 'd like to see the details of these spending reductions and an analysis of what is actual reduction vs deferral . 
  but if the figures are true ( i.e. 
  if the spending is not underestimated by delays in the state paying its bills and otherwise moving spending from one period to the next ) then it does show an improved fiscal position . 
  i really doubt that though , 12 % decrease in spending is a lot and they have not done any cuts that would lead to that - syriza did n't reduce pensions or public salaries nor did they reduce the number of public sector workers . 
  `` everyone yelling at each other '' ? 
  how so ? 
  there was an episode of greece yelling at everybody else , and some tension over refugee policy , but i ca n't see how this could be described in such terms . 
  i agree , it seems very convenient to blame germany for imposing its will in the greek negociations for instance , when pretty much everyone but france and italy was pressing for a more hardline position if anything , and the end result was a compromise . 
  `` naked self interest '' almost looks like a code word for `` a position i disagree with '' . 
  also looking at pictures of the uk cabinet there is only one minister who does n't look white , and none in germany . 
  pictures do not reveal much about religion though . 
  in any case this just reflects the composition of the political class in each country ( who propose the commissionners ) , so it has little to do with the eu as such . 
  nothing frightening there of course , and i 'm sure there will be `` minority '' commissionners another time - not sure they wo n't look white though . 
  hmm we 'll see i must admit i have n't researched the market for helicopter carriers . 
  they 're not 1bn a pop though , russia was getting two for 1.2 bn and i imagine france would he happy to let them go for somewhat less ( though they 'll probably make sure the nominal sale price does n't show a loss ) . 
  edit : looking at [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/helicopter_carrier ) , maybe turkey or india could be interested ? 
  but why europe ? 
  there are many other countries out there . 
  interesting - but how could anything significant happen.when putin has stratospheric approval ratings ? 
   also , under the current law itunes is actively facilitating copyright infringement by promoting their cd-ripping functionality . 
  this means that the company could face significant claims for damages . 
  it will be interesting to see if some copyright holder decides to sue apple over this . 
  why not , they could get some money ( and force apple to issue a uk-specific version with restricted functionality ) . 
  an experiment would surely be worth doing , but a badly designed one can hardly deliver sound conclusions . 
  in any case , if their plan is to do this to test the water and then follow up with an actual experiment in some of these cities , it will be interesting to look at . 
  hmm i 'll have to look into this index more closely . 
  you mentionned it more or less equates the us to greece , but all income deciles are higher in the former - these are not hdi indices of course so this is not conclusive , but it is still suspicious . 
   but as it stands , the evidence suggests that , so long as everybody 's income stays above about # 20,000 a year , then it would be better for the bottom ten percent of society to vote for a drop of their incomes by ten percent if the top ten percent had a 20 % drop , what i do n't get here , is what evidence ? 
  and what does `` better '' mean here , according to what metric ? 
  of course some metrics will lead to that conclusion , but if the conclusion is that the bottom 10 % * should * prefer an income drop , then this is an expression of the researcher 's preference - and if it is that they * would * in fact prefer it , this needs convincing evidence . 
  there 's a debate about radical islamists in prison - is it better to put them all together with the risk of this facilitating their coordination / preparing attacks etc , or spreading them around with the risk of them proselyting and recruiting ? 
  recently the first option has been gaining ground but i 'm not sure if it 's been implemented yet . 
  especially when nome of those staristics in france actually look at religion ... 
  that 70 % number is just bullshit , the 60 % is a ballpark estimate of inmates of `` muslim religion * or * culture '' , based iirc on their names . 
  how many of those are actually muslim is not known afaik . 
   t the reality is nothing unites people like a common goal/war/enemy , and a defensive war against such could be the push we need for a common eu army and more integration . 
  so in short european integration is so valuable in itself that it is worth the devastation of a war to bring it forth ? 
  i assume that most proponents of more integration see it as a means to make europe a better place , not an imperial goal worth death and destruction to achieve . 
  yeah but russia does n't necessarily do the war you want it to . 
  for one their strategy is hybrid war mostly so they 'd just brew troubles in some country with a russian minority , arm rebels etc. 
  they surely have no interest in a frontal attack on nato . 
  and if it came to frontal conflict , their current theory is that nukes are n't that bad and can be used as tactical weapons - especially if such an attack leads to a threat to russian integrity , so beware what you wish for . 
  well hopefully before that happens france will have recouped some of that loss by selling the ships to someone . 
  will still probably leave a loss of 1/2 bn or so but they must be looking for buyers now . 
  the hdi index of the us is pretty high ( fifth highest in the world ) . 
  apparently the ihdi introduces an ad hoc inequality correction to reflect the assumption that inequality is bad ? 
   the ihdi accounts for inequalities in hdi dimensions by ` discounting ' each dimension 's average value according to its level of inequality so having better measures across all axes of the hdi can still lead to a lower ihdi score than a country with poor hdi measures . 
  it sounds like `` sure there 's more infant mortality in that country but that 's ok because the top earners are relatively even worse off than low earners '' . 
  seems a strange view of human development . 
  this theory seems rather dubious though . 
  it implles that , if the poorer ( say the bottom10 % ) were offered the opportunity to accept a 10 % drop in net income and at the same time reduce by 20 % the net income of the top 10 % ( or of the top 90 % ) they would gladly accept it ( with different ratios perhaps ) . 
  if they chose otherwise it means that `` poorer but more equal '' is preferred by theorists on behalf of the poor , not by the poor themselves . 
  the question could of course also be asked just as well for increases . 
  however the test as described is deceptive . 
  the difficulty in shifting from one system to a completely different one is that it implies big benefit cuts for some and gains for others . 
  if claimants pick which one they prefer the cost can only increase - what they are testing is not a replacement but an addition . 
   if junior social affairs minister jetta klijnsma approves the utrecht plan , all welfare benefit claimants will be asked if they would like to join in ( i assume that the choice is made individually rather than by all claimants voting for or against a complete switch ) . 
  please put some kind of nsfw label or something there , there are children watching . 
  no , the worst insult is calling a hot dog / pizza mashup cuisine , 
  oh ok . not sure i understand what you mean by `` determined on an individual basis '' but some kind of registration/licensing could be used for sale and perhaps production , tough i still find the idea of government approved heroin production and distribution debatable . 
  in practice something along those lines being already in place for alcohol and tobacco , this is probably a reasonable solution . 
   apparently wasting money is worse than mass murder in your ethical framework . 
  where did i ever suggest that ? 
  as a matter of fact , i do n't even think the comparison with 1953 is at all relevant , i am not the one suggesting to model greece debt relief on what was done with germany - just pointing out that that relief was a small amount . 
  there are many other differences that make this model utterly silly . 
  what i meant is that the fact that an innovation can profitably be brought to market is the test tgat the cost of developping it is less than the benefits derived by users as expressed in the price they are willing to pay for it . 
  but you 're right in the case of pharmaceuticals , it does n't quite work - not so.much because of individuals making `` wrong '' choices , but because of the extensive regulatory system which completely distorts the market signals . 
  drugs are appproved by agencies which are captured by the big pharmaceutical organisations , and this results in dubious practices . 
   it would be to the government/governmental organisation to decide if your able to obtain the licence to use for x. 
  the assessment should be done on an individual basis wow this sounds freakishly dystopian to me . 
  a government-issued license to take drugs ... it would n't work though - people prohibited by the government from taking drugs still do it today , why would they not then ? 
  well sure increasing transfers from 30 % to 50 % of gdp might help with the debt , but this is n't even a given - if pr managed to overspend itself into bankruptcy while getting 30 % transfers , why would n't it do the same with 50 % ? 
  it did n't get there by lack of resources but by mismanagement . 
  but it is - profit is the measure of the benefit an innovation brings .
