  yeah i hope tsipras understand that he needs to come up with a truly * serious , thorough , and realistic * proposal tomorrow if he wants to stand a chance to convince everyone . 
  i 'm concerned that merkel and hollande may be a little soft here - not in the absolute , their message would be fine if they held the keys to the coffers , but now this must be acceptable to a lot of others too . 
  i suspect he needs to go * farther * than the last proposal from the institutions , and include only * conditional , future * debt relief on top to get it accepted . 
  and there are just a couple days left to fine tune everything , any haggling risks killing the deal by overshooting the deadlines . 
  no more red lines now . 
  on the other hand i still do n't know if he * really * wants a deal . 
  i never watch tv but the news about greece seem to have a way of getting through otherwise . 
  still the 25 % seems indeed a normal pullback from the inflated bubble , something that should be accepted as reality instead of being a constant topic of deploration . 
  the issue seems to be elsewhere : 50 % jobless youth , too many early retirees , high inequality of the tax system make that pretty high per capita gdp translate into real hardship for some - but those are internal policy issues first , that greece needs to tackle head on through thorough reform . 
  its unemployment rate is outrageous ( though probably lessened by undeclared employment which seems very widespread ) , and this may not be unrelated to restrictive labour policies ( and with syriza linked to unions and rehiring public sector workers , this is n't set to improve . 
  minimum wage is too high etc. , syriza wo n't touch that except through devaluation ) . 
  ok that is where our views diverge then , i believe markets work best with minimal or no political regulations , and most political regulations beyond very light ones hamper growth . 
  schengen is great but probably needs a consistent immigration and asylum policy - not necessarily the same everywhere but something workable for all members . 
  otherwise i do n't understand all this enthusiasm for fiscal union here . 
  sorry but `` europe : together we tax '' is n't a very sexy slogan . 
  what do you mean by the fiscal policy - the deficit and debt criteria , or something else ? 
  fair enough . 
  still , big transfers mean big power . 
  a union is not built upon transfers , this is a shaky foundation - actually , i doubt the present transfer system is really useful ( some of it probably is , but a lot could be removed ) . 
  definitely , yes ; ) i do remember `` free '' money comes exclusively from compulsory taxes , you know . 
  i have one qualm with that . 
  for all its bureaucracy and lobbies and regulations , europe has been a source of protection for the rights of citizens in france against its all-powerful state . 
  france joining a core group of federalists building a big powerful superstate would be a big regression for us , so from a selfish viewpoint i 'd rather have a looser broader union reining in those tendencies , than a more efficient layered one where the federalists would be given a free hand to govern their subjects within the core area . 
  the problem with america is excessive federal power , hardly something we want to replicate . 
  i could live with that - many good features , provided the central powers are strictly limited . 
  something like the swiss model scaled up with regions instead of cantons , plus an optional intermediate level of loose national unions of regions possibly shifting over time . 
  the eu used to have subsidiarity as a principle , it 's time to revive that - seriously . 
  can i get political asylum in the uk then ? 
  the eu should be primarily about freedom . 
  of movement of people , ideas , goods , capital , of residence , work , freedom of opinion , etc. 
  and about diversity , not harmonisation - diversity is the heart of europe . 
  once europe becomes about power and taxes ( political or fiscal union ) it loses its soul . 
  i 'll take blackjack and hookers ( and abolition of prohibitions too ) , but you can keep all the rest , thanks : ), 
  agreed . 
  a currency union with a big powerful central bank like the ez can only work between countries sharing a similar commitment to fiscal discipline . 
  we may even need a mechanism to temporarily exclude from the ez ( though not from using the euro ) countries with repeately high deficits/debt , so that they get to pursue inflationary/devaluation policies on the side instead of blowing up the union . 
  the greek crisis has proved that it is illusory/counterproductive to try to impose discipline after the debt has ballooned out of control when this is not what the country wants . 
  each country should be free to set its course , but access to ecb lending etc. 
  should have requirements . 
  trolling rather do n't you think ? 
  wow , i would n't expect that ( just please keep that guy schauble out of the room though , he is n't always the most diplomatic in a negociation : ) ) , i think ( almost ? ), 
  everyone wants the uk to stay as long as he does n't make impossible demands - just do n't let him turn into a tsipras and it should be fine : ), 
   if in the process of negotiations cameron is asked to pledge the uk to the eurozone in the short to medium term why would anybody ask that ? 
  the uk has an opt out , i have n't heard it being questionned . 
  what could be delicate to negociate regarding ez membership is that cameron apparently wants to have a say in ez decisions ( that might impact the uk ) without being in the ez , and ez members do n't want to give a non-member a veto right on further ez integration ( or other ez decisions for that matter ) . 
  hopefully they 'll find some sort of consultation process as a compromise . 
  i was refering to his request after he called the referendum - but i should n't have mentionned it , no use arguing over this . 
  yeah , they tried that last time though , tsipras just ignored all those deadlines and then was outraged at the end when they would not illegally extend the program to accomodate him . 
  more fun to come . 
  dozens , all red though . 
  i do n't think they proved him right . 
  they did n't raise ela , the banks wont reopen for some time , atms will be dry very shortly , and capital controls will stay much longer . 
  smart , 
  how about getting a loan of that amount from china or some bank * collateralized * by a bunch of state assets they commit to privatize quickly , so if they do n't do it in time nor repay the loan the lender gets those assets ? 
  this would also be a good progress as they have been reluctant to privatize . 
  just a week left to negociate and execute , easy peasy . 
  who knows . 
  if they want to they could still do a deal this week - perhaps including more or less the original offer plus * conditional * debt relief triggered gradually in the future subject to specific objectives being met . 
  anyone has 5 or 6 bn lying around they could throw in to clear arrears and make this possible ? 
  and then call all those parliaments back from their holidays to approve the next week ... 
  hey , now we have a new deadline for an agreement !, 
  did n't you miss those ? 
  they better not wait till the 19th at midnight and find out `` oops , too late to transfer the funds , sorry guys it 's a default '', 
  i suspect you 're right - they may have calculated the haircut just so it does n't force the issue . 
  seems like a well though out decision to me , they had to do * something * to reflect the deterioration of the situation , but until they are forced to cut ela if there is a default on july 20th , they try to preserve the chances of a solution . 
  also : http://www.ft.com/intl/fastft/355591/ecb-adjusts-haircuts-on-greek-bank-collateral  the ecb refused to disclose the size of the new haircuts , but all four of greece 's main banks are thought still to have enough collateral available to roll over their emergency loans so it seems they are tightening slightly but trying to keep the banks afloat , leaving the possibility of a political settlement open ? 
  it also guarantees the right to vote in european elections , etc. 
  eu citizenship applies to all citizens of a member state and only those . 
  however , free movement , right to work in the eu etc. 
  are another matter and would depend on the negociations ( many different possibilities , but these rights are normally reciprocal , and uk if it votes out might not want to allow other eu citizens in - i suspect this could be the main hurdle ) . 
  you may be right - i really do n't know how long this might take . 
  i agree , did n't mean to suggest they would lend unconditionally to the government . 
  what they may do is an actual investment that is sensible for them , expanding their stake in what they probably view as their foothold in eu for shipping their goods from china , as part of an existing long term plan , not something out of the blue . 
  the situation may give them an opportunity to sign a better / bigger deal than they were expecting , and they could seize it . 
  one other thing they might do - but that is speculation on my part , i have n't seen this discussed - is provide trade finance , which greece will need , and is secured lending with low risk . 
  the thing is we know very little , his lawyer has n't even been mentionned yet and a confession , especially one looking so likely to contain at least some false statements , means little . 
  i do n't know if he was assisted by a lawyer while in custody - if not , a confession is even less meaningful . 
  the job of the judicial process is to establish the truth and it takes time . 
  not so sure - china is a long term investor , they 've invested in the piraeus port and were discussing raising their stake to 51 % . 
  they could very well be interested even in a higher share . 
  whether they can then manage the strikes and nationalist backlash is an issue of course . 
  depends also on how they rate the risk of an eu exit , but as long as they deem it unlikely , this can be a good deal . 
  this is unrelated to russia though . 
  as you say , china works for its own interests , not russia 's . 
  maybe , or maybe it was n't him , who knows . 
  have they explained how they identified him ? 
  what material proof they have ? 
  the article does n't say anything . 
  at least wait for * proof * he did it . 
  have n't they done so.already before he confessed ? 
  this makes little sense . 
  no cooperators ? 
  the car `` fell off '' ? 
  guy arrested 48h after the crime . . based on what , did they explain how they identified him ? 
  this smells like a false confession a lot . 
  maybe it is n't but these first elements feel very weird . 
  exactly what we 'd see if the police quickly arrested someone they knew had the right past to look the part , and beat a confession out of him . 
  and no one is saying he is suspect - instead , guilty already without judgment and calls for his head . 
  thanks , i was n't sure which it was , i thought there were some diplomatic sanctions though but maybe that 's just how the `` warning '' was called in the press . 
  yes that trade deficit will have to go down fast .
