  it * is * possible that there is some impact from a proactive policy about `` violence on women '' in the last three years , but i would n't assume that this is effective without some data either . 
  edit : this is something the government has been talking about , but i do not know what they have actually done or whether it had an impact . 
  the farmers are mostly complaining about ( or burning trucks of ) eu imports . 
  some of those complaining the most are those specializing in low-end products because that 's where price competition matters most . 
  it 's not an issue of quality but of the local industry adapting . 
  ( unfortunately the cap introduces distortions that are no help in this regard ) it should also be the consumer 's choice to decide what quality level they want - it 's all very good to produce high quality at a high price but not everyone wants to pay for it . 
  no , the figure is about the rise of reports , not the rise of occurrence - the 10 % reporting rate estimate is not current so at this stage it is unclear whether the increased number of reports is due to an increase in occurence or in the reporting rate . 
  this is a problem with most crime statistics but especially for underreported ones such as rape . 
  right . 
  there is also the issue of qualification which is not mentionned in the article - complaints may be qualified as either rape or sexual assault and there could have been a change there too . 
  the picture might become clearer when the next victimization survey is released ( this is where the 10 % estimate comes from iirc , from a previous survey ) but at this stage it 's unexplained and needs to be investigated further . 
  true , but with its large oil and gas sector the gdp of russia always depends a lot on oil prices ( e.g. 
  [ this ] ( http://blog.euromonitor.com/2012/10/russias-resource-curse-oil-price-dependency-weighs-on-economy-.html ) ) and there 's been a 50 % drop in oil prices , so that alone should drive a big drop - have n't seen a detailed analysis though . 
  i wonder if the sanctions have much impact though - oil prices and counter-sanctions , sure , but sanctions themselves ? 
  apart from military exports and measures targeted at some individuals , they mostly consist in a ban to finance certain russian banks and companies and on direct relations with crimea . 
  does this really affect the economy to any significant degree ? 
  sure it 's enforceable , ndas have no teeth against a regulator backed by a law imposing disclosure and penalties against non-compliance . 
  whether this law achieves anything of value is highly doubtful though , especially if its cost is taken into account . 
  the difference is that sanders seems to have almost zero chance of securing the nomination so he is really a special interest feature - while corbyn is the front-runner for labour and if he wins this could lead to changes in british politics if labour gives up the center to anyone interested in picking it up . 
  weird but interesting . 
  or even possibly to something truly bizarre , an old school socialist as pm in a modern country . 
  these figures seem either optimistic or they may reflect an expectation of shallow reforms - would n't structurally changing the way an economy works lead to a significant short term drop as resources are reallocated ? 
  the 2015 downturn is just the impact of syriza , so it looks like they 're assuming practically no negative from reforms or from tax rises . 
  in any case these are just forecasts , and they should really add something like a + / -2 % uncertainty or so , they do not have crystal balls . 
  nah , bake your own bread . 
  the tourists will be abducted by the locals and forced to make fresh baguettes in underground bakeries . 
  i wo n't tell you  the problem here is the political aspect - the sale would need to be discussed publicly somehow , so it would be known . 
  the execution however could be managed discretely . 
  it requires upgrading the installations if they 're not set up for it . 
  france is also basically maxed out in hydro capacity , and already uses it for storage ( though there might still be some viable untapped storage capacity there ) . 
  but intermitent sources will require more storage capacity to be built , so why not having some in norway . 
  for some stocks maybe . 
  if it were equally split over all equities worldwide , selling it all could be done in a week ( though better not advertise that sale ) . 
  hardly . 
  that 's about 1.5 % of world market cap , it would n't have much impact . 
  and even if it did , lower stock prices do not lead to financial collapse . 
  the testimonials are so heart wrenching ...  `` i went out to get a baguette a few days ago and the two closest boulangeries to me were both closed for the first time ever , '' i can feel the pain . 
  a true humanitarian crisis if there ever was one . 
  indeed , but we still have fries , sorry . 
  spending a certain amount on the military is part of the commitments required for joining nato , as is helping other members if they are attacked - it 's not `` do as i say '' , but `` do what you agreed ( and expect other members to do ) when you joined . '', 
  non-nato countries include also switzerland , finland , and sweden - but indeed austria is the closest one to the czech republic . 
  to be honest i do n't know what this `` join us or else '' etc. 
  quote was supposed to mean , it does n't seem to refer to anything real . 
  `` brutally oppressive '' is not an objective term and i do n't have an opinion about that - but they were verbally abused ( as described by the reporters , i do n't speak russian ) and physically assaulted in the [ russian video ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/07/15/europe/moscow-gay-social-experiment/ ) . 
  other [ videos ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zmtbfsj_tr4 ) suggest this is not an isolated occurence . 
  what 's that `` pay for protection and do what i say '' ? 
  there 's no obligation to join nato and several european countries do very well without , and nato membership does not create an obligation to do what `` i '' ( the us ? ), 
  say . 
  or , you know , join a defensive alliance which has them . 
  it would be nice to have a joint eu defense independent of nato but this does n't seem a likely prospect anytime soon . 
  you 're the one interpreting article 5 very creatively . 
  article 5 does not commit nato countries to send troops to defend countries that are `` pro-nato '' or `` want to get in '' , and nor should it . 
  did you watch that video ? 
  that government debt has risen a lot in a few years ( as it did in most countries ) but seems to be stabilizing at about 40 % of gdp - not good , but still a lot better than most other eu countries including germany , france , and the uk . 
  huh ? 
  by the way the data tables you refer to shows greek average retirement age lower than german ( though pretty close ) . 
  the `` retire at 50 '' refers to some extreme cases of early retirement afaik , not to an average . 
  also , while the oecd figure may be the more relevant one , it is not obtained from looking at the age at which people start getting a pension , but when they leave the work force - so its relation with the balance of the pension system is indirect . 
  the salaries and pensions the state pays are funded partly by borrowing , but mainly by taxes on the private sector . 
  it has nothing to do with humiliating the greeks but comes from bloated public spending by the greek governments . 
  the formulation is weird - what they mean is  to get the amount in litres , i took the total amount of alcohol consumed per capita , multiplied it by the fraction of alcohol consumed in the form of wine , and divided the result by 0.13 , which is approximately the average alcohol content in wine . 
  oh yes . 
  they would burn and break stuff , and everyone would `` understand their desperation '' ... 
  i did n't hear that they sung in latin - officially they 're not religious afaik , but i must admit i do n't really know much about them , other than they are an offshoot of the mpt movement which was the main organizer of protests against gay marriage - not officially religious either , although they have a strong traditional catholic component and were supported by the catholic church . 
  true , but national languages are the official languages of the eu for a specific political reason , which applies regardless of whatever characteristic they have . 
  there is no such reason for making esperanto an official language , much less * the * official language as op was proposing . 
  i agree this is related to how the eu works ( though only in the very broad sense of it being a democratic institution ) , since it is strictly a political decision . 
  but unless either one member states decides to switch to using esperanto as its national language , or esperanto acquires a large following within the eu , there is no chance for this to happen . 
  presumably a lot more people in the world speak esperanto than maltese . 
  esperanto however is n't the national language of any member country ... 
  calling it a deliberate attempt to bankrupt family farms is completely unwarranted . 
  there is no reason to subsidize farms in general , and which ones strive or not is not the business of the eu to worry about - or it should n't , the cap should essentially be scrapped ( which , in france at least , would not primarily impact small farmers - the biggest recipients are industrial poultry producers ) . 
  protestant churches are generally very guarded about intervening in political debates and strongly support the separation of church and state ( which may have to do with the fact that historically the state was catholic and protestants subject to persecution during some periods ) . 
  traditionally , islam was completely absent from politics , though to some limited extent today the more traditional segments tend to align with the catholic church 's positions . 
  well in practice the catholic church is not so shy about opposing each new law it dislikes - this happened over the years for contraception , abortion , civil union , and gay marriage . 
  their influence is however limited and they tend to lose the battles they pick . 
  edit : however , no politician will refer to religion when arguing for a position , he would lose all credibility - the closest to that is those who defend `` traditional values '' . 
  i agree , this is why i said they have no reason to be granted refugee status . 
  i was only objecting to the argument that `` they made their bed and must lie in it '' - which i read as justifying denied asylum because they are considered responsible for the situation in their country . 
  as you state there are other , perfectly good reasons . 
   then should the rest of the country have to allow them back if it fails ? 
  why should it ? 
  when you get a divorce you do n't keep the option to undo it if you change your mind - unless of course both parties agree . 
  as to the federal government it owes its existence to the states , not the other way round . 
  but regardless , would you really want to invade and occupy a seceding state ? 
  true , and in any case it is a complex process with plenty of difficult issues to sort out and negociate - i am not saying a region has a right to just walk away unilaterally one day , but you do n't preserve a union by force . 
  `` the people are the nation '' ? 
  no , they are people . 
  individuals free to chose their destiny . 
  and whatever form the government has does n't change that - apart from the fact that some totalitarian governments actually prevent their subjects from leaving . 
  of course they should - whatever a constitution says , there is no right to force a region to stay if it does n't want to . 
  they have no reason to be granted refugee status , but if their country is run like shit there is no reason they should not try their luck elsewhere . 
  `` responsibility as a country '' applies to those who rule the country , not to those unlucky enough to be born there . 
  and why would n't they ? 
  is n't this how america was built ? 
  maybe we should threaten them with occit if they insist on using it :d, 
  no there is currently no push for independence whatsoever in those regions ( except perhaps occitania - it 's an imaginary place so who knows , maybe it 's already independent ) . 
  there are some pro-independence groups for sure , but they have very small audiences . 
  edit : the one place in france i 'm aware of where there is a strong independence movement is new caledonia , and there is a process in place that 's supposed to lead to a referendum , but the majority there is against it and the independentists do not want to lose , so the referendum is unlikely to.take place any time soon . 
  hmm i see , but this is not something i 've heard any german government official say internationally , do they do that at home ?
