  again if really this represents 50 % this is strong indication that the existing system is fucked up . 
  now repeat with all sectors of the economy in greece , what will be left ? 
  again i am only basing this on the article , maybe this is a distortion and they are really trying to fix things rather than punish - hopefully this is the case . 
  oh come on please , their data is not made up because you.disagree with their political views . 
  if 50 % are cheating the system , that system is broken . 
  to fix it in such a situation you want to bring those people in the system , not `` crack down '' on them . 
  maybe that 's their plan , but it is not mentionned in the article , which explains the action by the defense of the interests of a trade association against that competition , with a heavy handed approach . 
  edit : also , not paying tax is not `` siphoning away revenue from the state '' , if they close down there will not be some state revenue magically appearing . 
  if they apply the kind of approach suggested here to the whole tax collection issue they will not fail to destroy the economy . 
  wow they really want to kill their own economy for good ? 
  trying to collect taces is one thing , but protecting a licensed profession by imposing fines on competitors sounds really bad . 
  given the support they receive from the eu and us , we should be able to put a stop to this , no ? 
  i wonder about one thing though - distributors can have geographic restrictions on their contract which prevents them from selling outside their allotted region . 
  not sure what eu laws says about those , or if they would apply in this case , but sometimes you have to go through a few hoops to do that . 
  yes , though in france there are also lots of regulations about short term jobs , so they shift to internships ( which are also tightly regulated but subject to a much lower minimum wage ) . 
  self-employment is an option ( interestingly there is a self-employed status which essentially forbids you from earning as much as the minimum wage , which is good for all those young entrepreneurs with no marketable qualifications but the skills to manage their own company ) . 
  dodging regulations is important , but we do have a 4000 pages labour code , so that 's a lot of dodging to do . 
  it is always a risk too , fines can be high . 
  oh good - so i can skip the rest , i already know all about the balkans : ) scary countries you have , by the way . 
  however the uk minimum wage is age dependent , it is lower for those under 21 . 
  edit : it is also moderate relative to median wage so it has less impact . 
  france sets the minimum wage at 60 % of median , so it excludes a lot more of the lower qualified workers than the uk at 40 % - still just one of several factors of course . 
  the young with low qualifications are also excluded by high minimum wage , at least in some countries . 
  [ this comparison ] ( http://www.cato.org/blog/europes-youth-minimum-wages-mean-minimal-employment-0 ) suggests it is a significant factor . 
  looks like they are trying to give some credence to the russian narrative about kiev 's fascist government . 
  hey , i 've read dracula !, 
  surely the others are just about the same , right ? 
  for comparison , bulgaria has about 20 bn reserves , so the figure of 5bn plus 10bn from russia might not be absurd as minimum backing for a drachma . 
  seems low intuitively but central bank magic is beyond me anyway . 
  yes , this is the kind of technical detail he might have forgotten to mention : ) note that this would in all likelihood be a balance held at the ecb , so it 's not like he could raid the coffers and ignore them when they say he ca n't use those . 
  ah , v-man said so many things  also these are technical stuff and the way he presents such things is not always completely unbiased . 
  in any case `` i have reserves but i can not use them '' is more a whine than a plan . 
  sure , but once you 've got enough customers for the product it becomes a mass market : ) `` mass '' is relative of course given the size of the country , but if a supermarket could stock those and make a 5 % better margin after costs than on the regular stuff and sell good volumes , this would seem a proposition hard to resist . 
  they were n't exactly awash with euros though . 
  hmm i remember a figure of 3bn or so , which was a huge impediment to any drachma plan . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/foreign-exchange-reserves ) shows 5 bn in may . 
  the report kinda makes sense , possibly , maybe . 
  another source or at least some checks on the credibility of this one and corroborating elements would be welcome though . 
  so this seems to be the current price premium for importing such goods - presumably if there is strong demand for the better quality stuff more such stores will open and charge lower prices . 
  30 % sounds like there 's room for that . 
  the growth is not good , and the sad thing is that yes it is possible to delay coming to terms with reality for a long time - but we just build up bigger and bigger issues - the debt is now approaching 100 % - at a slow pace so it always seems everything can just go on forever . 
  france is not about to collapse but if it continues on its path it will go through a very severe crisis . 
  maybe the trigger for this will be when the fn gains power , maybe something else . 
  the unemployed protested , really ? 
  how many millions of them ? 
  besides , such a measure does not bring a job , and it is hard to support a measure that can only reduce one 's benefits . 
  not that benefits should not be reduced , the idea that you can spend two years unemployed waiting for your dream job is an illusion and a trap this system sets up . 
   regardless of whether someone eats organic or non organic they still will still end up with the same pesticides in them . 
  this is very far from what the efsa reports from its tests . 
  http://www.efsa.europa.eu/fr/efsajournal/pub/4038.htm p. 75 for instance shows about 10 times ( or better ) lower levels of pesticide residues in organic fruits and vegetables . 
  none of these studies are provenly unbiased , but i 'd take a 15 product sample as in the study you quote with a grain of salt - however it adresses different contaminants . 
  good point , some are indeed toxic and one expects that they are used sparingly if at all - there is an element of trust in the label ( as to not just which products are authorized ) , or the producer you buy from . 
  it is hard to find unbiased data on this but some studies did find orders of magnitude less pesticide residues in organic vegetables than non-organic ones . 
  french unions and political parties chose this but the unemployed do n't . 
  excluding millions of people from the job market and leading many into long term unemployment with little hope of getting back to work in inexcusable , it is a huge moral failure and yes , working with a low salary is better than not working . 
  france is living on borrowed time through constant deficits , increasing debt , unsustainable pensions and rising unemployment . 
  its gdp also includes a huge public sector share which distorts the picture . 
  unfortunately each year reforms are delayed makes the cost and pain of incurring them more acute when they will finally be done . 
   the manufacturer just does n't give a shit what consumers here want . 
  strange complaint , one might as well say she does n't give a shit - and neither should really , if the consumers do not express their preference by buying elsewhere . 
  with the competition from online shops she may need to rethink her strategy though ... 
  i see - so why are n't there more regular shops importing from germany and selling at a small premium ? 
  on the other hand logistics etc. 
  mean that the same goods have different prices in different cities even within a country so this could play a role . 
  if they cost the same and are better quality the customers can just buy them , and since there are no restrictions for imports any reseller would have a profitable business selling those . 
  if they do not , there must be a difference - and it is telling that no price comparison is made in op 's quote . 
  nah leftist activists have cornered that market . 
  your link about pesticides concerns the us . 
  the european label ( ab in france ) excludes the use of chemicals ( natural pesticides are of course allowed ) . 
  washing is always required but peeling is not . 
  i do n't understand the title of the article . 
  that spending rose during the first six months under syriza , is not particularly surprising , but `` during austerity '' is not the same as `` under syriza '' . 
  well in that situation one can certainly gain votes by saying `` deport them all '' but one can not actually implement that policy . 
  in this sense i agree . 
  this is not opposing pan-european interest to national ones , but recognizing that there is a common long term interest and defending it against short term political gain . 
  i am in favor of a common legal immigration policy because i think it would benefit us all , not because it might benefit a presumed european interest over presumed national ones . 
  this applies of course to trades - it makes sense to agree to some cost in one area in exchange of a benefit elsewhere , and it also makes sense to value good will and cooperation over immediate interests , because of the large long term benefits . 
  what institution do you see as having absolute sovereignty ? 
  none , absolute sovereignty is the worse invention of modern times . 
  all of these institutions must of course have severely limited powers . 
   you realise hollande ca n't just `` create '' new institutions right ? 
  of course . 
  his project is a revival of an old delors project which in various forms is pushed but federalists . 
  the will to create new institutions ( or to grant more powers to existing ones ) is fairly constant in such projects . 
  as to churchill 's dictum , yes to a point - but the current system of the eu is as democratic as that of member states , and there is little reason to believe that changes billed as bringing `` more democracy '' would actually carry real benefits . 
  `` more democracy '' is not a good in itself , but again , only a tool . 
  and the idea that bad governments are driven out is true up to a point - we have specific systems of elections selecting which politicians gain power , and often there is no good choice among those vying for election . 
  this is the case in france as well as in greece . 
  as you say democracy is just a way to select those in power . 
  this is important , but more important even is to limit those powers , as there is a natural tendency for their increase , which is in the interest of the political class . 
   if what is n't strongly limited , democracy ? 
  or the powers that elected representatives get ? 
  the power of those elected or otherwise designated - but democratic designation is a way to legitimize increased powers and as such can be dangerous ( as for instance the direct election of the president in france ) . 
  i do not really disagree with churchill 's defense of democracy , only with the view that it is good in itself and need no other justification . 
  democracy is good when it promotes freedom and the rule of law , it is bad when it does the opposite . 
  also , the broader area a majority rule applies to , the more its shortcomings appear . 
  not disagreeing with this , but my point is that `` pan-european interests '' have zero legitimacy if they are not the common interest of the citizens of europe . 
  and i see no evidence that the ep defends those better than the commission or eurogroup or summits . 
  note that the `` common good '' is very often a convenient slogan for something that is * not * the common interest of all ( this is of coursevtrue at a national level as well as supranational ), 
   elsewhere i talk about basing an eu federal system on the canadian model , which is based around the `` tyranny of the majority '' and how to diminish/stop this from happening i do n't really know the canadian model but a federal model in general does not appeal to me at all .
