  my assumption about these has been that holders ( greek banks presumably ) would just roll them over into new bills , as they would otherwise do under more normal circumstances . 
  is there something preventing this ? 
  you could make your point without prefacing it with declaring the stupidity and ignorance of the poster you are responding to . 
  the graphics you post are * projections * , whether they will come to pass i do not know and neither do you . 
  the rising debt is what has been happening over the last three years , going from 116 to 132 % . 
  http://rt.com/business/240497-italy-debt-gdp-ratio/ as to the reliability of projections , including from the imf , see http://www.greekdefaultwatch.com/2010/12/latest-imf-forecasts-for-greeces-debt.html this does not mean their projection for italy is wrong , renzi may well manage to bring the debt down , i certainly hope so . 
  it did n't just soar during the crisis , it is still now rising at a quick pace , which is more of a problem than its absolute level . 
  good point . 
  i suppose they must have held some discreet technical level talks with health authorities and the like there , which would be both essential preparation , and indirectly letting the government be aware that they * are * prepared for it even if they want to avoid it . 
  well , i hope you 're right . 
  we 'll see soon , i saw talk of the greek parliament passing some legislation for reforms tomorrow which would support your scenario , but whether it 's true i have no idea . 
  the prior proposal is expired for lots of reasons , one of them is it is simply inapplicable now , the situation has worsened a lot , they need more money , the calendar is not the same , there is no program to extend , etc. 
  good statement . 
   jean-claude juncker has just revealed a detailed grexit scenario has been prepared by the european council saying it sends a message , but it is only expected that everyone prepares for the case greece chose to exit , it would be rather irresponsible not to have detailed plans at this point . 
  out of cash yes , but that is not a collapse , `` just '' a bank holiday . 
  even on the 20th they must have a plan , whether its from deposit haircuts , bank nationalization , new currency , surely the banks wo n't actually collapse . 
  why this week and not after the 20th ? 
   what you see as `` stalling for time '' is just not signing on austerity measures no , that 's not what it is - they could have brought a proposal today on this basis if that was the case , there is no document anyone is waiting for them to sign on . 
  last thing i heard they said they were preparing something . 
  have to go with / u/auntiejojo here , and wait and see . 
  oh they 'll probably be closed till the 20th , and capital controls will stay for months , they ca n't be lifted quickly even if there 's a deal . 
  yes , a paper deadline , but given the material constraints for approving and executing a deal , this is probably very close to the last possible time if default on the 20th and ela removal is to be avoided . 
  moving towards a missed deadline . 
  oh well , that may give us a few years before the imf is called in . 
  * strongly advise * is almost a declaration of war in diplomatic terms , this would not go down well . 
  well a chinese bailout of the eurozone would n't come cheap by any means . 
  they might speak more softly but they would make sure they get their money 's worth one way or another , i have no doubt about it . 
  anyway that 's not a particularly plausible scenario . 
  well , we 'd all get a taste of a 25 % drop in gdp so t. would have his revenge . 
  a true socialist dream , let 's make everyone equally poor , 
  ok now sch\u00e4uble we could deal with , but chinese supervisors in the finance ministry 's offices we may not be quite ready for yet , 
  _ as you mentionned , ecb holdings would be excluded from haircuts so to get the effect of debt reduction you 'd need a bigger haircut . 
  on the other hand 60 % is infeasible since you 'd need to include several other countries . 
  at that level a side effect would be a big loss to savers - private holdings of government debt are a big part of retirement/savings accounts in some countries - at least in france , through insurance companies holdings . 
  the whole thing is just not possible , not at 60 % and not even at 100 % . 
  such a project would kill the eu before it got implemented . 
  well , given that our share of a peripheral haircut would push us to 110 % or higher , it would not be acceptable if were n't included . 
  belgium too of course . 
  and also germany since you 're above 60 % . 
  not sure who 'd be left to pay for all those haircuts though , maybe we 'll ask estonia . 
  but of course a haircut to 60 % for peripherals is simply impossible . 
  hmm you 're right , they * were * excluded from haircuts on greece for that reason so i suppose this would apply too . 
  oh by the way , if everyone is getting a haircut , can france get one too ? 
  the debt is at 97 % of gdp and rising , so that would be helpful . 
  i suspect there 's also potentially an additional large exposure through qe . 
  the ecb will probably buy large amounts of peripheral debt if there is market pressure on them after a grexit , and the losses in case of later haircut will be born by ecb shareholders . 
  where is that number in that paper , could n't find it - and actually i seriously doubt it is true . 
  could n't find the source study either , do you have it ? 
  edit : it does say  almost one in four british muslims believe that last year 's 7/7 attacks on london were justified because of british support for the u.s.-led war on terror . 
  still , want to see the question asked - while there is a real problem with radicalization , this is an issue where distorted reporting is extremely common . 
  i hope so too . 
  the notes are visible in a picture where he is shaking hands with dijsselbloem and both are smiling at the photographers , so it 's not a stolen picture . 
  it 's no big deal though . 
  i do n't agree that there is hate . 
  an angry reaction is not hate . 
  do n't assume the worst , it is just very difficult today for either side to understand the other . 
  when you say `` europe offers only death '' i shiver - surely you do not mean it but these kind of words do not help . 
  yes you 're right . 
  notes in english displayed for all to see . 
  could this be intentional ? 
  a way to say `` look , my secret notes show i have good intentions '' ? 
  not that this would be a bad thing , just wondering . 
  well , not to defend or blame anyone , but the plan was to do debt relief down the road rather than default . 
  did n't work out for many reasons , just to say default was n't seen as inevitable , though debt relief was . 
  this is true . 
  you can not both expect the eu to solve a country 's problems and refuse its interference . 
  either can be contemplated , but not both at the same time . 
  predicting and interpreting their moves is getting old . 
  after today 's absence of proposal , a messy default and de facto grexit is looking increasingly likely . 
  the mere logistics required to avoid that look more and more daunting with each day passed . 
  this is sad , grexit could have been negociated , it did n't need to happen in such a way . 
  you can tell i know very very little about macedonia ... 
  thanks for the explanations . 
  hope you get yourselves a better government some time . 
  i thought your government would be actively denouncing such rhetoric . 
  if not this is really irresponsible on their part . 
  it 's the fault of many , of events , of fate , whatever . 
  blaming the greeks or the troika or the germans has to stop . 
  greece needs to stay out of the eurozone for several years , adopt a new currency and try its best then join again when it 's ready . 
  europe should continue to help greece but we can not impose fiscal discipline against the will of its people , this is not acceptable . 
  and the eurozone requires by necessity fiscal discipline from its members so greece can not stay in without it , this is n't acceptable either - let 's accept reality , respect the greek vote and also respect the voters of other countries , and let 's find a reasonable solution instead of fighting . 
  yes , that is fine too if they make it freely convertible quickly so it does not hamper trade . 
  eurozone membership suspension until greece statisfies the euro joining criteria is best for all . 
  a proposal including leaving the eurozone then , maybe temporarily and rejoin once it satisfies the maastricht criteria . 
  this will be best for all , this constant fighting is exhausting everyone , and while deficit policies are the right of each country they 're not compatible with the eurozone . 
  leaving the euro for a while should not be dramatic if they could avoid default , but it seems now very late to organize it . 
  so that silly narrative is actually a recent thing rather than a residual folklore ? 
  i see , thanks . 
  thanks , i.can see how this would make the matter sensitive . 
  i get the geography , but not the fuss : ) i ca n't see a valid argument though , there 's no confusion between country and region , and ancient macedonia seems pretty irrelevant to naming rights today . 
  but it seems greece 's claim to the name is taken seriously ( in some official documents ) rather than just dismissed , so it must have some kind of legal standing . 
  any proposal needs to be studied by technical teams before being discussed at head of state level - so while the reasons given elsewhere in the thread ( they were n't ready ) make sense , submittimg it earlier would have saved one of the very few remaining days . 
  but this very slow pace is amazing , it looks like they have no sense of the urgency of the situation . 
  they could have held their meetings with the other parties starting yesterday 6pm till midnight , and presented something today . 
  unless they 're not really planning to do a deal , and this is for show , preparing to present somethimg that they know will be refused but will look to the domestic audience like they made a huge effort , then default on the 20th ( and blame the ecb for that and the subsequent removal of ela ) . 
  maybe , but a default is not a 100 % haircut , the debt remains due and accrues interest , it 's just the start of restructuring negociations - a messy and long process . 
  the advantage of a quick deal is to resolve the issue immediately - and to avoid the collapse of the banking system following default . 
  but yes , on the other hand a quick deal now requires deep concessions . 
  can you explain the fuss over the name ? 
  many countries have a region sharing a name with a foreign country so presumably that 's not the issue , but what could it be ?
