  no such thing in the link . 
  what evidence is there of these purported `` efforts to economically undermine france '' ? 
  pity such a misleading title , for the revelations about systematic economic spying are quite substantial and interesting even if not unexpected . 
  i must say personally i agree with a lot of what is seen as the uk view of europe , and i am glad that it is here to counteract other tendencies . 
  but if the eu were to become a place where threats become the norm and negociations follow the tsipras pattern , i think that union would be dead . 
  and if the uk shifted to such a stance then separation would be better than constant fighting in acrimony and discord . 
  i do n't think it will though , and thankfully cameron has not hinted at any such tactics . 
  threats have no place in a union . 
  the uk is n't marginal , and other countries want it to stay in . 
  yes the prospect of the referendum gives cameron leverage for his concerns to be addressed now , otherwise more urgent matters surely would take precedence . 
  but apart from a question of priority i have seen nothing outrageous in what he says , nothing at all vastly different . 
  he already bowed to them by walking away from the negociations . 
  difference is uber is legal in france , they 're operating under the law on `` vtc '' which was passed to authorize such services . 
  now they arrested the managers and held them under the accusation of `` complicity of illegal taxi operation '' . 
  no , they did not file a suit and let the court decide , they took them in police custody . 
  this is pure intimidation , probably illegal - police custody is supposed to be for specific cases where it is necessary , usually for serious crimes - but the government is using it in this case as a show of force . 
  uber will i think win if they sue for illegal detention at the ehrc , but this will take time . 
  they did arrest one who did that - he did it to a police officer 's car , he thought the police officer was an uberpop driver . 
  well i do hope negociating through threats is not the new standard in europe . 
  a compromise that would address the concerns expressed by cameron seems perfectly achievable through negociations in good faith , and i think it will be . 
  trust between partners is a necessity , we 're not and should not be fighting in courts . 
  there is a difference : if there is a yes and a clear commitment from the greek government then the ecb will find an obscure interpretation of its statutes allowing it to do whatever is needed to keep the greek banking system from crashing to the ground . 
  but this may well include capital controls for a while after the 5th . 
  oh ok , no treaty change before referendum - i did n't realize that 's what you meant . 
  it is just impossible materially to negociate and ratify such treaty changes prior to it . 
  does n't mean they wo n't negociate , and agree to changes to be implemented before ( for those not requiring a treaty ) or after . 
  as i understood it they meant until tuesday . 
  after that the program expires , so they will have to do some acrobatics to find a way to get it to work - their message seems to be they 'll do all they can , i read that as the issue is not changing the substance of the proposal but finding a way to legally revive it . 
  of course at least the part about legislation passed by july1st will have to be modified : ), 
  agreed except i would be extremely surprised if they cut ela on tuesday . 
  as long as there 's a chance of a positive solution , that is at least until sunday , they will keep it at current level . 
  in any case , the exposure is what it is and removing ela would not reduce its losses in any way . 
  a quote would be helpful . 
  `` juncker 's refusal to negotiate any reforms with cameron '' sounds like hyperbole , i do n't understand what this is referring to . 
  besides , he is not the one to decide what will be negociated . 
  yes these are very reasonable proposals if you look at them objectively . 
  these are the kind of measures other countries faced with much less severe deficits have taken already . 
  but red lines ... 
  it 's not so much the bending - or even occasional breaking - of the rules that is a danger . 
  it 's the confontation , the inflamatory speeches and the populism . 
  the whole idea is peaceful cooperation and working towards common goals through compromise and good will . 
  we have disagreements , even disputes and that 's fine , but let 's not argue for the sake of arguments , let 's not use europe as a convenient excuse for anything that goes wrong . 
  there is so much at stake , we can not afford discord . 
  this is the very last thing we need now . 
  it would be a highly divisive issue , including within those countries where the government would favour it , and once it is rejected by referendum in several countries , cleaning up the mess would not be fun for those who started such a move . 
  these may be referring to the same polls , suggesting yes strongly in the lead at the time - no idea if these are high quality polls though . 
  also , in such a situation , things can change quickly . 
  to put things in perspective , the dax for instance is around the average of its value since the beginning of the year , and about 10 % above its highest point for the 10 years ending in 2014 . 
  it droped about 4 % initially , which is a lot but similar to what it gained last week . 
  now it 's down about 2 % which is meh bad . 
  for a major stock market , 5 % drop in one day is big , 10 % people stare in disbelief , 20 % happened once in the last 100 years i think . 
  i have n't read his full speech yet though , at least the other parts i saw were better , and i remember bbc.co.uk very recently putting a big distortion with a misleading very negative title when they reported on lagarde 's ( pretty good ) interview - and other bad reporting from that site on this crisis too . 
  here it seems they focus on the worst remarks he made . 
  i do n't really disagree with you here . 
  this was n't the time to play semantics . 
  juncker made a very bad speech . 
  i wish he had n't , he probably did feel betrayed as he had tried to be a moderating influence on this process , but this emotional and personal reaction is unworthy of his role here . 
  still , this does n't mean there were no negociations , and it does n't change the rationale for a yes or no vote . 
  it 's in the proposals ( all those which were leaked were consistent on that ) . 
  they included cuts in pension spending through higher retirement age , phase out early retirement , increase heath care contribution , phase out ekas , but i 'm pretty sure they did not involve reducing existing pensions . 
  semantics one might argue , but i think that is what he is referring to . 
  but juncker 's intervention was poorly thought out , not very helpful . 
  he should focus on the positive side of a yes vote , explain as lagarde did that he will help make it work if the people decide - not tell us about his feelings and try to defend himself and appear blameless . 
  of course they have a stake , and urging all parties to find a solution is understandable , but their successive declarations advising who should do what is just meddling . 
  what does it matter if stocks are a few percent up or down ? 
  markets move , that 's their job , no need to worry about it . 
  there are real consequences to this drama , which are reason enough to worry . 
  yes . 
  the issue for him as i speculate it was that if the majority of his party would not support him on this he could not remain in power , even if popular . 
  to accept a deal , but not a specific paper - the room for negociation was not much at that point but they did change a couple things ( mostly that hotel vat i think ) in the course of those last minute negociations . 
  it looks like the two sides were very close and could have signed , but tsipras found his party completely unwilling to accept those terms and he realized signing would end his career , hence his move . 
  the negociation had not ended . 
  as reported , and i have not seen this denied , they were ongoing , the greek team was negociating when they learned of the decision by tsipras to have the referendum . 
  there had been no formal ultimatum no breaking of negociation until then . 
  there was a * deadline * to sign on * something * on saturday , because of time constraints for other parliaments to approve . 
  there is something distasteful with all these articles trying to profit from this - the krugmans and others pontificating , advising people to prove their points for them no.matter what it costs them . 
  and all this blaming and these attempts to antagonize , at a time when everyone needs a clear head and calm rational evaluation to understand what is happening . 
  that gave me a good laugh . 
  but in a way this is symbolic of syriza 's make-believe politics - reality must not get in the way of a good story . 
  yes that was in substance my first answer to this thread but the trolls wanted blood : ) i should have dropped it after that first reply . 
  the stock markets have been fairly correlated with the ups and down of the negociation . 
  at the moment they are back roughly to their level of one week ago ( before the tsipras offer triggered a rally ) . 
  ah yes just saw that . 
  we 've been hit by a multi-headed troll here : ), 
  i agree , though you might limit that exchange to y notes held outside greece and put border controls to limit the amount tendered for exchange from within greece . 
  yes that is possible . 
  it is a whole new level - industrial printing of counterfeit currency . 
  they could , and this would be a problem indeed . 
  but now we are hypothesizing far into blatant illegality and treaty breach . 
  it makes no sense to discuss this . 
  much easier than checking for counterfeit notes . 
  it would be a hassle , but it 's done in seconds . 
  again , you just have to read the first character of the serial number . 
  what do you mean , you think anyone would take those notes ? 
  this would be all over tv and papers , and again the identification is very easy . 
  what is wonderful with that idea is that by doing so they would immediately devalue all preexisting bog issued notes , not just the new ones - as well as euro balances in greek banks i think . 
  do n't worry an advisory would immediately be issued . 
  checking is easy , its just reading the first letter . 
  they print euros subject to.the approval of the ecb , they do not have the authority to print more than agreed . 
  such a breach would have immediate legal consequences .
