  great , i hate drugs . . the poster doesnt appeal to me . . 
  topkek, 
  i highly doubt it . 
  he will die before that happens , since russians are really enjoying capitalism and foreign goods . 
  i really hope this whole conflict will be over soon . 
  oh true , i need to apply for university and i want to send it via dpd or something like that because die post streikt, 
  nobody ever likes the bild and yet it 's the most popular magazine . 
  i do n't think others are lazy , but we certainly work hard and efficiently . 
  haha both actually , i like the independence of bavaria ( more independence than other states ) but also that we are still together with germany . 
  i 'm from franconia ( northern part of bavaria ) and we have the best beer ( of course ! ), 
  greeks are chill , but the country is crap right now . 
  i welcome every greek in my country , 
  brb buying 100trilliongreeknewdrachmes for 1 euro, 
  shit is going dooown . . history is about to unfold . 
  massive panic , massacres , world war3 , alien invasion, 
  i will be on vacation in greece soon to help their economy , if its cheap enough of course  ) ), 
  in germany we pay everything with cash , even cars etc. 
  what 's the news here ? 
  for years , gay people have been accepted , but they still try to play the vic card . 
  all western countries are pro gay marriage , yet i still see their pride parades . 
  you can do what you want but not litter my streets . 
  what a great comparison . 
  but that really depends on how much of a bad person i was . 
  if i was a rapist and was raped that would be a different story than an innocent person , would n't it ? 
  that 's 100 % true , but just like humans are not perfect , ukraine as a country still has many many issues , but it 's currently being painted as a white sheep ... which is just not true . 
  sure , russia is a big bad wolf ( or bear : x ) , but ukraine is no sheep . 
  again , ukraine is painted as the poor puppy that has only to defend itself . 
  poor soldiers , they just have to fight and fight . 
  i care for the people , not for the country . 
  thank god there are reliable sources like osce who state that both countries committed atrocities which violate the ceasefire . 
  good report , although biased , but that 's only to be expected . 
  good thinking !, 
  i love my country, 
  do you think austrians would have done it differently ? 
  from the shadows we come harrharr viva bavaria, 
  i definitely noticed a shift that is against keeping immigrants . 
  it 's very interesting how once some important people speak out , the whole circlejerk reforms and a new consensus is found . 
  3 weeks ago i posted my opinion that the boat is full and we can not handle this many immigrants ( especially countries like italy ) and that we need quotas . 
  but eastern europeans countries are poorer so they can not handle as much . 
  i was downvoted to the depths of brinstar , but now when i posted that opinion , i was in the right up-swing i guess . 
  people finally understand that those immigrants who land in romania just take the money and leave for germany/france . . it 's sad . 
  german almost became the world-language , i am sad : / do n't care much about english being the communication language . 
  hey , it works . 
  but i like your attitude , try to speak german to your austrian friends , they will appreciate it , 
  yep, 
  i 'm happy to see that the general consensus is to not let them in , one week ago i said `` we have enough to feed '' and was downvoted to oblivion , man how perspectives steer . 
  we are too liberal for that , europes `` volk '' steers in a more conservative direction and instead of fighting it , we should embrace it . 
  i think he is talking about the immigrants, 
  where do you want to put them ? 
  good night , may we meet at some marktplatz , marktplatz ` tis late . 
  edit : hahahahahahah, 
  i should go to bed ... 
  als ob wir nicht `` lol '' schreiben * as if we do n't write `` lol '' *, 
   because i lived in england for a while , and everyone only said the most vile and angry stuff about gypsys . 
  first i thought it was racism , but apparently the british gypsys really are something like a crime cartel . 
  they have nothing better to do , in germany people would be like `` wtf '' and move on ... boredom results in stuff like this, 
  i chuckled . . you see which posts are just upvote-hungry and which ones are harsh truth ^ ^, 
  can confirm :0, 
  short answer to the question : yes , no, 
  true haha i meant that the prices stayed the same but the wages halved , it was late yesterday : /, 
  but they did n't . 
  that was the promise . 
  it was supposed to be 2 marks -  1 euro , but the wages stayed the same . . 
  i would be willing to fight for germany , even though i am russian born . 
  i identify with germany and grew up here . 
  i would not , however , fight for other countries ( recent nato debate ), 
  yes . 
  i miss deutsche mark because of the following : what costed 1 mark before costs now 1 euro ( supposed to be 50cents ) the wages before were 2.000 mark and now 2.000 euro . 
  i 'm one of those germans , i will only fight for my country ( which will hopefully and probably never happen ) what russia does stays away from me . 
  i know that might be ignorant , but to each his own . 
  ukraine is not in the nato . 
  the others can sacrifice their people if they want , but i think germany wo n't intervene . 
  you do n't know her ? 
  google her , she is well integrated and looks stunning , 
  maybe that 's because they are `` russlandsdeutsche '' and actually of german descent . 
  not sure  i have to say there are well integrated muslims though , just not these azzlacks . 
  marktplatz , we meet again , how have you been  the stereotypical azzlack-style is at least frowned upon , those are usually the ones groaning like pigs in the gym mcfit :d not sure if that 's hate but if theres negative sentiment it would be 2nd generation turks . 
  otherwise i think we tolerate everyone . 
  like always , not ** all ** are bad , but azzlacks are . 
  exactly , because taxes are insane and gas prices are insane , but a v6 diesel is quite affordable . 
  that depends of course how you want to go out and spend money on drinks . 
  we mostly drive diesels here . 
  we have the 2nd generation turks who behave like monkeys , same with the 2nd generation russian-germans and poles and all those eastern immigrants . 
  funnily , the 1st generation is perceived very well and integrated . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  many countries have enough immigrants , if everyone moved like you say the situation would be outta control, 
  phaeton is not even 10.000 here http://suchen.mobile.de/fahrzeuge/details.html?id=205962129&amp;issearchrequest=true&amp;zipcoderadius=&amp;adlimitation=&amp;climatisation=&amp;scopeid=c&amp;zipcode=&amp;maxmileage=125000&amp;minfirstregistrationdate=2005-01-01&amp;makemodelvariant1.makeid=25200&amp;makemodelvariant1.modelid=26&amp;pagenumber=1 germany is the best country for used cars . 
  we have leasing and after 3 years we ditch the cars and they are worth nothing . 
  that 's how i afforded my e-class at 18 years old , just buy it used , dirt cheap xd, 
  it 's a 7er  still not that expensive nowadays , since it is pre-facelift . 
  oh i see where you are coming from . 
  a8 / 7er it is : s i goofed , and i 'm from franconia :o, 
  he doesnt ? 
  probably both , the personal cars from ministers are usueally something like e 350 bluetec diesel or s 500 hybrid or uhm . . audi a8l 4.2 tdi we love big diesels :d, 
  stereotypes are not always correct , i mean not every pole swears kurrwa kurrde every second word ? 
  well i think green politicians have other goals than fixing roads honestly . 
  but its important too, 
  lol, 
  i did not know if it is provided ^ ^, 
  that changes things ^ ^,
