  totally true , i will try to approach posting like that !, 
  i definitely would n't be fit as an administrator haha, 
  definitely !, 
  but i just know my friends and they are so reckless . 
  i am 20 years old and drive like a grandpa . 
  i think i would be demolished if i for example talked about an exit out of the euro here . 
  i think it 's great we have discussions here , but it feels like `` we are a big family we need to help each other '' i think european countries have to think about themselves more than about the community . 
  that 's something i 'd like to talk about , 
  it was literally just an example in what direction i want to discuss . 
  but i see as soon as i mention fn you are going full offensive mode . . you have never seen far-right . 
  far-right is nsdap , not front national . 
  i grew up with our autobahn and was molded by it . 
  some people drive recklessly , but they will do so on other roads , too !, 
  especially my fellow under-25-year-old people ... they love driving fast . . 
  but i still enjoy the sentence `` freie fahrt f\u00fcr freie b\u00fcrger '' and as long as i live in bavaria , i think i will have my unlimited autobahn , 
  true !, 
  hmm that would be a neat idea , but i do n't think i 'm fit to be a politician haha is there a subreddit for csu ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  also afd seems to be quite popular nowadays , they have similar but a bit more extreme views . 
  i enjoy reading here !, 
  but posting something from the political right ( not far-right ) will just get you hate and downvotes to oblivion lol, 
  better than being stomped by people from `` die linke '' party :(, 
  front national was just an example ... 
  in general it seems that / r/europe is more liberal and rejects conservative approaches to things i noticed, 
  i noticed it is a little too far right, 
  shows that germany does not need a speed limit !, 
  speed limit has nothing to do with road deaths . 
  i wish we had that in germany ; _ ;, 
  excatly !, 
  kinda legitimizes it tho lel, 
  nice !, 
  yeah please , i need positivity , 
  i hope this resolves : s, 
  right ? 
  but lately there 's been sooo much about it . 
  i love my european neighbors and wan na hear more diverse things :p, 
  yeees thanks man , 
  thank god i have the options . 
  from dirt cheap piss to highly exclusive beer . 
  if 2 bavarians argue over their favorite beer ww3 is happening xd, 
  i just remember baltic people telling me proudly that only a minority speaks russian etc , while i remember when i visited daugavpils in latvia the majority spoke it . 
  i guess it depends on the region , but i think you can not forget russian history . 
  needless to say i loved daugavpils and i want to visit lithuania next , 
  where, 
  suddenly you all speak russian xd, 
  haha nice , 
  my friends from daugavpils did n't welcome them , but they are not fond of politics anyways, 
  they are a part of your country , they grew up in there , and their parents did too probably . 
  the fact that they demand money from my country is ridiculous . 
  the way their new boss makes those demands is even more ridiculous . 
  i like greek people , but i dislike greece at the moment . 
  of course diversity has no negative impact on economy !, 
  that should be a no-brainer haha . . 
  i think he was joking man : s, 
  how come ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested , is there an article on that ? 
  oh yeah . . the quota . 
  i believe we should change the society first and not have a quota like that , but oh well . . 
  i have n't been to the toy store lately , so i can not confirm or deny that . 
  hmm maybe it 's just my region , but women here work as mechanics too etc. 
  bavaria is usually traditional , but i think as far as that is concerned we are pretty open , 
  i think the younger generation i live in pretty much feels the same on this topic : we encourage women for high positions , but it takes some time i think . 
  germany really tries , but most of the women study english or teacher or something like that . 
  i 'd love to see more in management etc. . 
  meanwhile in latvia younger people still continue to learn russian . 
  i have to go vomit ... 
  arrogance of germans ? 
  i hope you mean the politicians because as a german i sure would appreciate someone else handling the refugee situation . 
  literally . . anyone else ** but ** merkel . . 
  right now ? 
  either splitting form germany or enforcing border controls on every migrant crossing . 
  ( assuming for bavaria ) for germany : just the border thing . 
  why should eu change this ? 
  google will just move to panama . 
  i 've seen quite a few on german roads !, 
  not very comfy , but neither are the mercedes busses . 
  kind of like switzerland ? 
  i used to study there and in 3 years i my car got checked out once . 
  and they only opened my trunk . 
  i had nothing to hide so it took less than 5 minutes . 
  yes i meant the free moving , not the schengen , sorry . 
  that is the part i like the most about the eu , i can just drive from frankfurt to london in pretty much one go , no tiresome border stops etc. 
  i hope they stay in the ~ ~ schengen ~ ~ free-travel area and it will be easy to obtain a citizenship when i am finished with my engineering degree in germany , 
  shows that the general public does n't want neutral and objective journalism . 
  they want a big boo-man they can laugh at and despise . 
  i gave up on media a long time ago , though and if somebody asks me on any political topic i will simply say '' uhm . . 
  i have n't educated myself in that '' . 
  ( but i 've researched it on reddit for multiple hours hahahha ), 
  fitting name, 
  ahahahaha sorry man , 
  i am fairly patriotic if something concerns bavaria as a state although i would never suggest that we should split from germany . 
  i do have a flag of unterfranken ( a sub-section of bavaria - here 's a link : http://www.fahnenversand.de/shop/images/artikel/1782.jpg franconia is awesome  the bavaria hate within germany is real though . 
  but i do n't have stickers or something like that . 
  i do n't have anything to brag about at the moment because of the current merkel-situation haha . 
  oh and during wm ( world cup ) i never have flags on my car like my fellow germans because i really could not care less about a couple of dudes kicking a ball into a goal ... 
  fitting name, 
  unfortunately that 's the speed we get here with fiber ( not to the home but to the street ), 
  did n't see the flair in my reply box haha my bad . . 
  where are you from if i might ask ? 
  if you need to know anything about germany before immigrating it 's that things very very rarely change around here  do you want mobile internet like lte ?
