  it 's just such a natural thing here in germany to see politicians in big black limousines , that 's all . 
  like i said he will still be a good president for you hopefully . 
  i rage about comments , not about his preferred vehicle . 
  it seems / r/europe is not the right place for me , what kind of social class reigns here ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  where did i say that ?!!, 
  no i do n't work for bmw . 
  holy moly . 
  true , but i do n't think so with the green president lol . 
  anarchy in germany if there will be a general speed limit here . 
  bavaria will never never go through with it . 
  people are just programmed to be able to drive how fast they want , be it 150 , 200 , 120 or 90 . 
  it 's not about a macho man , like i said if he is good for your country then it does not matter . 
  but seriously , a scooter is a tad old . 
  an i3 for example would be a fitting car for a green president . 
  made by renewable sources and fully electric . 
  we drive scooters when we are 16 year old here . 
  wow i thought canadians were nice people ... 
  oh yes definitely , in different eu countries space is left . 
  like poland and slovakia , 
  i would not care about my car if i was able to drive in an audi a8 panzer edition . 
  it 's normal that i get talked to like this here . 
  on this sub 120 is a good limit , cars are a profane waste of money and we should be left and green  i am just your typical bavarian , i like economy and i like big cars , i 'm sure seehofer drives an s class or something like that . 
  a respectable car does not have to be a multi ton murder machine . 
  what about an i3 ? 
  modern and green . 
  a scooter is for 16 year olds . 
  no way he is german hahaha, 
  only vehicle the former biology and chemistry teacher owns officially owns is a scooter . 
  laughable and not possible here in germany . 
  i would not respect that . 
  other than that i am happy for you , i hope he will bring prosperity to the already gaining latvian economy  glad to see you happy, 
  this is not a nice way to show it , but the boat is full . 
  i 'm wondering about that , too . 
  i would like to merge with switzerland , too . 
  we will be the wealthiest region in europe , 
  it 's easy to say yes to refugees if you sit at your pc typing in / r/europe, 
  why does this need to be brought up everytime , `` they get more and more votes '' . 
  yes , because only people on the internet are so incredibly liberal , on the streets it 's different . 
  this article pops up right after our new unemployment low . 
  i do n't care what somebody else says , i love my country and i shall procreate and work and be efficient and whatnot . 
  i hope it will be changed into a more loose union but will remain a union, 
  the title sounds just like modern germany :d :d, 
  i call it holland and do n't feel bad , i lived in cologne next to the border and everyone calls it holland and holl\u00e4nder, 
  hey there , my friends are from daugavpils , one of them is ethnic latvian and the other one is an ethnic russian . 
  both opted to go to a russian language school but only one of them speaks fluent latvian . 
  could it be different in other regions ? 
  i heard from them that daugavpils , kraslava etc. 
  are a little bit more friendly towards russian-latvians . 
  what a great way to interact : despise a whole country , but like 2-3 people . 
  hey you already hate 140.000.000 people that have not done anything to you !, 
  nice, 
  here we go again . . sigh . . 
  nice overused argument . 
  here in the south we have enough spots where we can drive freely  getting rid of the whole history of driving freely on the autobahn would be fatal . 
  but let 's settle on that : bavaria , hessen and baw\u00fc can stay free , the rest can drive 120 , 
  i vote for mutti because the greens want a tempolimit on the autobahn . 
  only over my grave ( word for word translation ofc ), 
  that 's why i asked and as it turns out , marriage predates religion !, 
  that 's what i wanted to know !, 
   in that case it totally makes sense to call it marriage, 
  i kinda had this discussion before . 
  in germany you can `` marry '' by church and by state/law . 
  and while my opinion is very very very unpopular i stand by it that homosexuals should not be allowed to marry by church ( if the religion forbids it ) , but encouraged to do by state . 
  there simply can not be equality in a religion where people follow a rule that says it is a sin to be a homosexual . 
  but that 's separated from the state ( at least here ) and the tax benefits only come from state marriage , 
  i meant christianity and maybe the difference between catholics / protestants . 
  hey there , do n't worry . 
  i read through it , interesting read even though i am still not anti-russia and that sentiment wo n't change . 
  i encourage this type of journalism highly , 
  tl ; dr please ? 
  i like germany 's way . 
  my question is : does the word `` marriage '' originate from religion ? 
  in that case it should n't be allowed for same-sex relationships but rather something else like in germany but with ** all the same benefits like tax reduction etc. 
  you have to laugh about russia and hate the country now . 
  that 's the rule . 
  i 'd rather see the other post where it 's actually shown how they vote : just like everyone else . . 
  i missed it i guess ? 
  bavarian here , i feel strongly associated with germany as a whole and austria aswell . 
  not so much with switzerland , because they are kinda closed up . 
  almost : / i would love to be part of a union with the u.k for example . 
  definitely !, 
  i 'm 100 % for a united states of europe , but only if germany is not a part of it . 
  let 's see how many downvotes i can earn if i say that there should be 2 europes : france , uk , spain , italy , germany , switzerland , austria , netherlands , luxembourg , belgium , denmark , portugal and poland czech republic , baltics , hungary etc. 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk would be pro- first europe . 
  not sure how that is on topic honestly . 
  the question was why are many whores from the czech republic and hungary ? 
  i said because they have less money there than in the west . 
  what does polands increase in wages have anything to do with it ? 
  i mean i am happy for poland , they still have half the gdp per capita , but okay ... of course i do n't even know if most pornstars are from the east , i think they are from the u.s , but prostitution directly correlates to not having money imo, 
  the gap is still immense , do n't live in a pink bubble . 
  eventually you will catch up but atm , the desperation in these young women is high . 
  why would they degrade themselves to that ? 
  because there is no money . . 
  * paying for other countries * paying for our own debts * immigrants and how to handle them * maut :d * discussing a lot of nonsense it 's mostly about money and ausl\u00e4nder, 
  poor country , escape from no money, 
  germany 30 % ? 
  time to close the borders keepo, 
  neither do i think it 's absolutely necessary , but being an immigrant is really sad , since you are put in certain ghetto-like neighborhoods , everyone from the normal society knows `` ugh that 's where the poor immigrants live , taking away our tax money '' . 
  on the other side , integrating them is incredibly difficult , and since they want to go back to their country after maybe a war ended it wo n't use much .
