  it 's a fucking stupid name that was decided by a committee in the 19th century to emphasize our latin origins while we were uniting and gaining our independence . 
  at the time no one was calling the gypsies `` romani '' , but we still had a lot of them because the local lords did n't let them leave these lands and kept them as slaves for some time . 
   i think romanians are , however , extremely sensitive and sometimes imagine insults where none exist . 
  we 're quite paranoid about the gypsies that come to your countries and fuck things up and then tell everyone that they 're romanians . 
  we 're afraid that it 's more likely that people will remember them as the representatives of romania instead of the tourists , students and the skilled professionals that work over there . 
  so , we might get a little defensive . 
   romania is the land of the gypsies and they will steal my car unfortunately they are still coming to germany and other western countries to steal your car among other things . 
  haha  this is what we call [ zacusca ] ( http://www.voceatransilvaniei.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/zacusca-de-vinete-680x365.png ) . 
  it 's made out of peppers , eggplants and tomatoes , i think . 
  it was funny when i found out that in bulgarian it means breakfast . 
  you can do better - try this on / r/romania : ardealul este p\u0103m\u00e2nt unguresc , \u00een pula mea !, 
  if ardeal is hungary and ardeal is part of romania , then what you 're saying that we should also annex hungary ? 
   just kidding , this shit matters only to politicians . 
  you know the essentials . 
  thank you, 
  so what ? 
   people do n't want the content most contemporary press produces unless it is totally free ( and by totally i mean totally as in not even adverts ) . 
  and what 's the motivation for the people producing that content to keep producing it ? 
  bragging rights ? 
  pats on the back ? 
   there is a big proportion of reddit who considers access to free content as some kind of basic human right . 
  yeah , when it comes to this , most of reddit is retarded . 
  you know what ? 
  fuck you and everyone like you . 
  there is no other way to monetize web content . 
  you have to put some ads for some products or services ( yours or someone else 's ) . 
   3rd party servers , flash animation , etc. 
  ( plus the risk all that implies ) . 
  the people paying for the ads like to know if they are successful or not , also they try to maximize their click-through rate . 
  no one 's forcing you to visit those `` slow '' and annoying sites . 
  in fact you are pirating their content . 
  those people are working for free so you can get some content . 
  it 's a fundamental lack of respect for their time and effort . 
   cookies have potentially malicious applications like what ? 
  because words have meaning i do n't agree that `` real '' reffers to the person raising the child . 
  father with or without `` real '' means biological and i 'm gon na stick to this fact no matter whose feelings i hurt . 
  yes , they are raised by their step fathers and not by their real ones . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  biological father = real father, 
  if the state wants children , the state should care for them . 
  fuck that shit . 
  not to mention that , the kid would be better off in a foster family that actually wants him/her . 
  yeah , let 's stick needles in people and give them sugar pills . 
  that will surely cure them . 
  i guess some might , but it 's a route that only a few can take - and with a lot of risk - the danube is huge and there are all sorts of nasty currents . 
  on the other hand there might be locals willing to take them across in their boats for some cash . 
  i do n't know about bulgaria and serbia , but in romania the area near the danube is mostly very poor and under-developed . 
   the pressure on the nordics will grow let 's hope they 'll do the right thing and send these people back . 
  starve or go back . 
  probably 2 day non-stop bus trips across all europe . 
  not my idea of vacation , 
  fuck russia so hard !, 
  we lost 50 years of our recent history to them . 
  there was so much grief and oppression i do n't know where to begin . 
  the simple romanians kinda hate the magyars by default . 
  they do n't know why , they just do ( probably because they were told to ) . 
  probably the simple magyars that live in romania feel the same about romanians - from what i 've heard they are being kept in this state by their leaders who want to justify their seats in parliament . 
  it 's a shitty situation . 
  i guess we are too far apart for the average citizen to care about . 
  btw this is a problem when i want to visit portugal . 
  plane tickets are kinda pricey . 
  i wish we could put everything behind us . 
  those were other times and other generations after all . 
  it does n't have to do anything with the world we live in today . 
  i 'm surprised that you are so low on the list . 
  i 've never heard anyone say anything bad about serbia . 
   meh , i recall it very differently . 
  might have to do with how the media from our countries presented the issue . 
  link ? 
  for sure , there are poor areas in romania , but there are also modern and vibrant areas . 
  i think it 's just that the wealth spectrum is wider ( on the lower end ) than in western countries . 
  i 'm not from vaslui , and although vaslui is sort of the running joke of / r/romania , those pictures are not representative of the current state of the town . 
   what amused me in romania were the gypsies trying to rob me using non-violent means . 
  they clearly had n't met people from where i am from . 
  depends on your luck and the period you visited in . 
  nowadays they are mostly non-violent ( although they still do n't work ) , but there are exceptions if you go in areas where the population is mostly gypsy . 
   also , wow , romanian women . 
  meh ... depends on taste . 
  people from the first world will not understand these things . 
  it sounds so absurd , they ca n't believe it and they think that we are just desperate racists trying to make some pathetic excuses . 
  i think the gypsies coming to their countries is a good thing because they can experience these people for themselves in all their glory and finally shut the fuck up . 
  pdl was absorbed by pnl some time ago . 
  some of the pdl leaders got leadership positions in pnl . 
   did n't pnl fuse with the previous governing party pdl ? 
  they sure did . 
   choosing between the same assholes seems to be a general symptom of democracy nowadays yeah democracy ( not only in romania ) is a fucking joke , but it 's the only viable ( sort of ) system we have . 
  well , it 's debatable . 
  surely , the club owner is guilty of criminal negligence , but so are the organizers and the pyrotechnics specialists . 
  on top of that there 's a lack of legislation and interest on the part of local and central authorities topped with a lot of corruption . 
  this is why the elected and appointed officials all have to go , for facilitating and being part of this system that let such horrific things happen . 
  you 're right . 
  i 'll steal someone else 's quote : they were clinging so strong that they had to be chiseled away . 
   also , happy cake day . 
  thanks , did n't even notice , guess i should post a picture of my cat , 
  we had nationalist parties but thankfully there are no more , but given the fact that in romania there 's a big magyar minority and a big gipsy minority there 's always the potential for a nationalist movement if the circumstances are right and if there are people to exploit them . 
  very big fire in a night club . 
  it happened because of lax legislation , corruption and incompetence of mayors , inspectors and lawmakers . 
  in fact the president of poland who was in bucharest at the time came to light a candle at the scene . 
  the situation is pretty dicey . 
  there are two main political forces and a few smaller ones that can tip the balance .
