we 're ok . 
  there 's no way to get to germany from romania . 
  my problem is with generalization . 
  we are 21mil people out of which maybe 10-20 % are working abroad or have worked abroad . 
  the rest of us are quite content to live and work in our country and most of the time we do not condone immigrants whether they are of our nationality or from other countries ( there 's a lot of making fun of people going to other countries to pick strawberries or olives or to wipe old people 's asses ) . 
  i do n't want or need to come to any western country to earn a good living . 
  i live pretty well here . 
  i only come to your countries to spend money as a tourist . 
  i also do n't want migrants from my country to come to your country and make a bad name for me and my compatriots . 
  on top of that , i think that when someone moves to a foreign country he/she should adopt the country 's culture and sever his/her ties to her own culture . 
  you are a guest for fuck 's sake . 
  do n't ruin the country that welcomed you . 
  i really do n't understand why europe has to take any refugees . 
  we can put them on ferries and ship them back to syria . 
  in no time no refugee will want to come to europe . 
  go czech republic !, 
  the roads around sofia seemed way better this year than two years ago . 
  just give it a few years . 
  they 'll remember that the pipes had to be changed and they 'll drill all that new asphalt . 
  then the repairs will be very shoddy and after the first winter everything will look bombarded . 
  then the city or the eu will pay for a new layer of asphalt and just as it 's finished they 'll remember that they forgot some electric cables and the cycle will start all over again . 
  wtf , where is this ? 
  after a lifetime of bad experiences with a lot of different gypsies ( some of them violent ) i have no desire to waste time on them . 
  they 're not asking for help , they are happy to live out their lives as parasites at the outskirts of modern society . 
  they also do n't want to be educated or respect the law - both major requisites of the world we live in . 
   tolerance , empathy and solidarity are also modern and progressive values but i do n't see you holding them very dear . 
  i have plenty of tolerance , empathy and solidarity for people who do n't want to hurt me or the society i live in . 
  it 's a group of people that share a set of values , customs and traditions that are not compatible with modern values and with progress in general . 
  race is of no consequence . 
  race has nothing to do with it . 
  it 's their middle ages culture that 's the problem . 
  considering that they 're multiplying like animals , i might just be a minority soon . 
  life 's too short and complicated to solve other people 's problems . 
  yup , that 's the stuff . 
  it is hardly my problem . 
  i do n't feel it 's my responsibility to hand-hold them into the 21st century . 
  they 're no different than some poor romanians that manage to go to college and make a life for themselves in spite of their modest origins . 
  sometimes it might even be easier for the gypsies since they have some state sponsored university places . 
  * shitty architecture ( check ) * curse words and corruption ( nope , we had that already ) * vodka ( nope , we drink mostly beer , homemade wine and homemade spirits ) and on top of that : * we lost some territories * they pillaged and raped everything on their way to germany in ww2 * they transformed us from a blooming country to a country of underdeveloped , bitter people - hopefully we 're recovering from that * they killed most of our elites and turned our values upside-down i will never forget and forgive what the russian people did to us . 
  come in july or august next time . 
  it 's decent . 
  in the autumn and winter it 's awful . 
  in the spring it 's somewhat bearable . 
   a lot of soviet union blocks , but as someone who lives in ex-su country we have them too so it was n't bad . 
  yeah , that sucks . 
  the communists destroyed a big chunk of our beautiful city . 
  take this area of the city for example - [ before ] ( https://www.facebook.com/uranusdisparut/photos_stream?ref=page_internal ) and [ after ] ( http://storage0.dms.mpinteractiv.ro/media/401/321/5106/13114003/15/6169149-mediafax-foto-toni-salabasev.jpg ) . 
  we have one that is made [ entirely of eggplants ] ( http://www.lilisor.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/lactobar-retro-bistro34.jpg ) . 
  it works very well with fine chopped fresh red onions and fresh thinly sliced tomatoes . 
  also , i just remembered , there 's a variety of zacusca that includes baked hot peppers . 
  it 's much better than the classic one . 
  all in all , we share a lot of dishes with the bulgarians , greeks and turks with small tweaks here and there . 
  it shows that we developed in the same area . 
   it 's definitely not something you 'd have for breakfast we spread it on toast and eat it for breakfast , as a snack or as an appetizer . 
  i 've looked up the ingredients for the zacusca from the linked image and they 're : baked eggplants , baked peppers , white onions , tomato juice ( pure of boiled tomatoes is more accurate , i think ) , sunflower oil and salt . 
  i think they 're all mixed together and boiled . 
  the parsley and the red onion from the picture are just decorative . 
  it what region of bulgaria would one find kiopoolu ? 
  we ca n't hold them for much longer . 
  sorry for your experience . 
  it 's likely that the witness was a friend of the offending driver and he did n't even see the accident . 
  if the driver would had been found guilty he would have had to pay for his car 's repairs out of his pocket , he would have had his license suspended for one to three months and would have paid a hefty fine . 
  so that was his motivation to be an asshole and lie . 
  i hope the next time he does it he lands in a ditch or something . 
  i really hate this kind of people , but i imagine that there are douchebags everywhere . 
  the police are very obtuse when it comes to accidents . 
  they see the facts that are presented to them and make a decision based on the law and the least amount of effort required of them . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact that you were a foreigner . 
  maybe the camera was working but it required some phone calls or some crazy bureaucratic gymnastics , but it 's quite as likely that it did n't work . 
  i 've recently read that bucure\u0219ti has a state of the art traffic monitoring system that no one knows how to operate . 
  so , go figure ... 
   are you also afraid to be confused with romans , the citizens of rome ? 
  that 's the etymology of the name : roma-nia . 
  people in the 19th century thought it would be cool if everybody knew we were of latin descent . 
  stupid idea , i know . 
  there are lots of rroma in romania and there 's an unfortunate similarity in the names . 
  fuck our self-loathing attitude . 
  well , i 'm not so sure it 's 100 % our merit . 
  i think the eu and/or the usa are behind all this . 
  they need a rock solid country with uncompromisable leaders at the eastern border so that russia can have less influence . 
   the reason we 're all thinking about leaving is because the prospects here ... are shit . 
  i 'm quite happy in romania and i have great prospects . 
  calif is where it 's at . 
   romania does n't get appreciation from the romanians themselves , you can even see that from the comments i have a theory about this . 
  i think it has to do with the fact that during the communist period , at school we were taught that romania is the best fucking country in the whole world - it had huge mountains , beautiful seashore , fertile plains , picturesque hills , one of the best industries and so on . 
  meanwhile people were queuing for 12 hours to buy some milk and some bread . 
  after the regime change , the romanians got to see that there were other places that were as ( or more ) beautiful and that other countries had better economies and a better standard of living . 
  also , in the early 90s people were barely making a living as the economy collapsed and had to be rebuilt from scratch . 
  so , people probably felt betrayed and lied to and reacted by talking shit about romania and refusing to acknowledge even its positives . 
  i think that perception is slowly changing and the younger generations see romania for what it is - a country among others with it 's qualities and problems - not the best and not the worst . 
  [ transalpina ] ( http://www.transalpina.biz/poze.html ) is also worth a visit . 
  personally , i like it more . 
  we do love the moldovans , they just have a russian infestation problem . 
  if they 'll just throw the russians over the border we 'll welcome them with open arms . 
  it seems that a lot of foreigners like bucharest . 
  i think it 's more about the atmosphere than the architecture , the cleanliness and the monuments . 
  come to think of it , bucharest is a pretty lively city that barely sleeps . 
  it 's a very unfortunate coincidence . 
  to my knowledge `` romani '' comes from the gypsy word `` rom '' , which means `` man '' . 
  meanwhile the name `` romania '' comes from `` roma '' - as in rome , italy .
