  for the muslims i dare say it was even worse , tolerated at first , forced to convert after a time and then expelled no matter what . 
  that kind of intolerance is part of what kept spain a retarded country . 
  which makes it even worse , as many slavs are tall , blond an blue-eyed . 
  you do not understand it ? 
  it is like not understanding that a triangle has three angles . 
  while italy is not one of the country that had to have funds assigned to it , it is always in the news for its financial fragility , cyprus is too small to register much in the public mind . 
  otherwise , i agree , sch\u00e4uble idea of a temporary grexit is a very damaging idea . 
  to destroy a country because there was some mismanagement that was solvable while being monetarily independent so big business is protected is not what one want of a union like the eu . 
  not everybody is as crazy . 
   darwinian principles should apply in the euro zone and the rule of survival of the fittest prevail , with the strongest economies having the leading say in how the bloc is run , so the strongest decides on the feebler . 
  that is competition not cooperation . 
  because you know they 'll decide to feed on the feebler and not to feed them . 
  +1 life is an equilibrium between tendencies that would destroy it . 
  iconoclasm is an ancient tradition , shared by jews , christians and muslims . 
  in spite of that . 
  afaict , world war ii was not against nazism at all , but either an existential war or a fight against a rival empire . 
  unless you were a jew or a non tall blue eyed blond , nazism was of no consequence . 
  so nazism never disappeared , if was simply put somewhere it was not conspicuous . 
  me , my , mine , ... 
  the criminal origin of many usa inhabitants shows up . 
  you told me you are a nazi . 
  that 's all . 
   i would n't massacre some people in the street to express my dissatisfaction with their way of life is a lie . 
  it is not with their way of life . 
  but the way they find they 're treated , but since you do not know what it is you can not understand it . 
  they never were far . 
  well , then you look suspiciously like an apologist of national socialism . 
  yes , people were send to the colonial british north america as alternative to prison , but many other went there for other reasons , a greater proportion , then when these colonies went independent , it was australia that replaced them . 
  which means ? 
  well , i only put explicitly what you want for others but applied to you . 
  if i 'm wrong , you 're wronger . 
  it is you that never exited nazism . 
  please go back to siberian plains , your real land . 
  so what ? 
  statistics are so . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/8/84/homicides%2c_average_per_year%2c_2007%e2%80%9309_and_2010%e2%80%9312_%28per_100_000_inhabitants%29_yb14.png look at the baltic states ... and remember that that 's only a part of the whole . 
  your kind of europeans are bestial criminals that no society would allow to go free . 
  you are inept individual that lack the will to do anything good and worth doing , preferring to plunder and kill . 
  it is funny how people that deny darwinism in its real context are prone to use it in other where it is not applicable , that stubb is a criminal that need to be send to a rock north of svalbard to fend for himself in truly darwinian ways . 
  darwinism means that everything we see in nature is explainable by diversity in progeny and natural selection . 
  nowhere in it is the claim that that is the way to go . 
  that kind of answer is amongst the things that make me think eastern european countries are not fit for the eu , and that their entry was a sabotage . 
  they do not move to attack , in spite of what you may believe , the usa is too far , and israel to small and discriminatory , a real nazi state in fact . 
  they come to europe , the developed part , your country is little known to be sure , to get a better life . 
  what they find is that a substantive part of `` civilised '' europeans are anything but civilised . 
  the attacks are simply a reflection of the defects of the swedish society . 
  i take it that you have never been on the discriminated side , let me say that no matter how mild it is , much less from the perspective of the discriminator , it is intolerable . 
  fun fact , i felt less discriminated in foreign land than in the land of my parents . 
  you seem like a climate change denier , because in winter there is snow . 
  a good map , with the caveat that the data are from 2013 . 
  `` we '' do by bombing them . 
  remember that the start was western powers that armed and trained people to topple progressive governments , as they did not allow business interests to do has they wished . 
  paradigmatic example , israel that to counter the plo fostered hamas . 
  only until local conditions would be as good as at the destination . 
  and that would come . 
  it would be more correct to say immigrated people , as that is the total at present , many have been there for more than ten years . 
  laws that please leftists are void , did not you know ? 
  not that i 'm surprised , as in fact they are a bunch of criminals expelled by the uk . 
  or so i was told . 
  it is not that eastern european are not known as massively criminal . 
   there 's 2 billion people that want to immigrate why would they all emigrate ? 
  in such case let 's exchange the territory !, 
  we 'd get more land for less people ... 
  maybe they like to live dangerously , as a fantasy . 
  kind of the end of the world is nigh . 
  imagine that / u/kestyr assessment is right , that imply the whole world would have some 60 billions people . 
  now that would be a problem . 
   the crisis in the early 90s was attempted to solve with cuts ( they did n't work , surprise surprise ) but then the currency was devalued , and the cheap exports plus the budding it sector and nokia came to the rescue . 
  is the kind of thing that makes the dogmatism on the euro-governance intolerable . 
  they know it does not work and still want it imposed . 
  they should ask for quantitative easing for the people , or helicopter money . 
   enter the elevator 4 guys at a time 2 would go up . 
  exports from spain in 2013 : $ 291b usd http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/esp/all/show/2013/, 
  there were no bombs then . 
  sharia is common law , simply to ensure people knew the laws they had to learn it as part of religion learning . 
  iraq bombing and following occupation by bush killed more than a 100000 people . 
  if i remember correctly , finland had a crisis before entering the euro , and they had , or thought so , no alternative at the time to cuts . 
  so they think that this is the only way . 
   what is the body count ? 
  how many people were killed by so called christians in recent years ? 
  hundred of thousands . 
   and bible does n't say `` go bomb abortion clinics '' . 
  stoning is in koran . 
  stoning is in the bible too . 
  and genocide : now go , attack the amalekites and totally destroy all that belongs to them . 
  do not spare them ; put to death men and women , children and infants , cattle and sheep , camels and donkeys . 
  ( 1 samuel 15.3 ) nice religion . 
  majority of europe 's british favor common law . 
  which is the same concept . 
   people attacking soldiers for being soldiers are traitors and should be hanged and have all their possessions confiscated . 
  is what i contest . 
  soldiers are not saints . 
  now if you 're a fascist ... 
  how notable that you were not oppressed by your own military , or that you find fine militaries that set themselves as the true country . 
  did . 
  well , afaict , to diffuse the blame . 
  do you need anything else ? 
  because that is false ? 
  to be sure if we could avoid getting people like you it would be much better . 
  could and be expected are different .
