   well with a strong pound and limited exports , the strong pound is your own fault . 
  limited exports , is too because your overlords think that you serfs do not deserve to be cared . 
  they profit from finance , so you be damned . 
  no , it is not a proof . 
  it is a sentence . 
  that guy is one of those that created the situation during the years until the crisis hit greece , and after until they greeks chose syriza . 
  where i greek i would hold him as a traitor . 
  pure greek oligarchs drivel . 
  that someone could claim honesty and write it , is to stop believing in people . 
   kaliningrad will sucede from russia and join the eu  secede with no u, 
  secede from russia . 
  perhaps better than some bottled waters ? 
  a few years ago there was some noise in the uk because a major bottled water supplier used tap water . 
  i believe the article claimed a 1000 % markup in price . 
  or was it a thousand times more expensive ? 
  it 's enough for them to have met people like the anti-immigrant that you can easily find here to understand that all the claims of goodness are lies . 
  that they will never be accepted as real people . 
  it will be rather similar , except for france that is very nuclear , coal has been the main fossil fuel in electricity productiom . 
  some 40 % of electricity worldwide comes from carbon . 
  that can be some 4 billion tones a year . 
  fine , however what i intend to signal is that coal is not limited to burning it as its use . 
  i think there are many more substances that can be produced from coal , carbides being the simplest . 
   you find yourself a pliable treaty ~ ~ partner ~ ~ senate is what you do . 
  good luck with that , a constitution amendment is easier . 
  a treaty is rather hard to get . 
  you need another part , as you do not a treaty with yourself , and its approbation is not easy . 
   you are using english site , google is an english site , most of its users are not . 
   typing a comment in english , 90 % of the people around me would not be able to do that . 
   reading news in english . 
  it s my curiosity , not that i get any profit from it . 
   watching movies in english , people watching non dubbed english films are a tiny minority . 
   listening to songs in english ... they listen to the music , not the words , not that they 're sophisticated  how is it not useful as some make it . 
  that is the fact . 
  mefisto speaking again , i see . 
  that guy does n't care that what he propose would cause even more damage . 
  the me , my , mine mentality of the german ruling class is impressive . 
   the us government ca n't agree to any treaty that is unconstitutional , by definition , as a treaty is part of the constitution . 
   a military dispute is not the question , what matters here is that the us warship is a property of the usa . 
  like in / u/savanajeff example :  an argentine warship was seized under this in ghana a few years back afaict argentine is in no military dispute . 
   before that , wealthy landowners were the military . 
  i doubt it , you 're , i suspect , mixing greek hoplites into that . 
  afaict the problem was to get taxes in a efficient way , the system was prone to corruption , and since the end of the expansion acquisition of wealth and slaves was difficult . 
  please , try to die and then tell me how much money is worth to you in that state . 
   running colonies where famines killed millions more . 
  the uk is known for that , who else to you have in mind ? 
  say that to the other guy , which is not / u/doctorheredoctor . 
   what does ireland have in common with chechnya but not new zealand ? 
  why care ? 
  there the uk , france , germany , netherlands , spain , denmark , portugal , sweden , italy , ... chechnya is no more relevant than the spanish part of the basque country , which is both wealthier and nearer . 
   how do you wind up in european parliament and not know english like it is your first language . 
  i suspect that most mep do not handle english like their first language , english is not that useful as some make it . 
  as you 'll easily understand , that the easy part , getting to firm evidence is next to impossible for common people until it is too late . 
  now today i heard on tv that the airport of castell\u00f3n will cost to the public more money that publicized before because while privatised , there is a clause that fix a minimum profit for the buyer . 
  the politician that signed that clause carlos fabra , is , and was , known for his corruption , and he was well aware of it . 
  would the people have accepted that clause ? 
  to be sure , this is the main context in which we can make measurable samples . 
  only for cosmetic purposes . 
  try that . 
  vdare.com is a racist site with a long tradition . 
   there is a difference between illegal and legal migration correct money . 
   there should be a zero-tolerance policy to illegal immigration like most other countries on earth . 
  i thought you were a right winger , you confirm that . 
  then do not expect the people that you are indebted with to be any better . 
  you , as an individual , lost your humanity . 
   an argentine warship was seized under this in ghana a few years back . 
  let 's imagine that portugal seized a us warship ... 
   my point was deregulation is n't a tool of our reptilian overlords . 
  no , it 's a tool of the amphibian overlords . 
  in that point , yes . 
  what you call world economy is rather money economy . 
  it is not real economy , much less a kind of economy that value the long term , except to deceive the rubes , nor the human life . 
  and i think pearson sold their stake in financial times in july . 
   coal industry described in the article is rather a phantom . 
  is probably based on imports , so a much lower quantity of the money it moves go to the common people . 
  i do not know the lithuanian name for it , but if you call it so , it is probably because the german name got very used . 
  subsidies and imports . 
  the subsidies are needed to keep the sector alive in the face of imports . 
   swastika is indeed pagan symbol , it had different names of course , in the sense that every language would have its version . 
  but that is not really a different name , in the sense that somebody decided to change it . 
  russia is no longer communist for more than a generation . 
  and shorter , and less healthy , life for even more people . 
  oh , btw , coal and oil have better uses as chemicals than being burned . 
  `` all power to the monied class '' , could be the motto of the uk . 
  no additional vat cost . 
  the point is that it does n't cost more in vat to give than to destroy . 
  not sure what you mean . 
  probably not . 
  not everybody lives in an enlightened country . 
  +1 a very good way to look at it . 
   afterwards companies get the vat back from the irs with the expectation that they use the good they bought to sell something which is once again taxed . 
  you got it wrong , the companies are not exempted at any time to pay vat , what happens that the vat they paid when buying is deducted to the vat you get from your clients . 
  the companies pay vat for value added . 
   they got the vat back they paid for it when buying . 
  they give it away for free , they have to pay vat for the amount they bought it for . 
  and if they destroy it , what ? 
  the exact same . 
  in fact they have already paid the vat for it when they bought it . 
  there is no additional cost in giving that is not in destroying . 
   since there is no proper , rational discussion you do not discuss with a wall . 
  there is no rationality in them beyond me , my , mine .
