  why do you write that ? 
   if you bring in immigrants ~ ~ from less developed areas , ~ ~ your crime rates are going to go up . 
  and of course when the locals have their share of racists the situation is much worse . 
   it dosent seem to work the way you say . 
  / u/ekferti84x does n't care . 
  in its mind workers are slaves . 
  remember those people that claim the greek should pay taxes ? 
  those are two different aspects of the situation . 
  the young did not provoke the crisis , for sure , but if they go out of greece , then the country will lose even more value , so the young will be robbed of what little inheritance they have by those that created the crisis and those that amplified it through their crazy ideology of money over people . 
  well , that 's your lie . 
  you are aware that to vote in the usa one has to be a citizen and that is something illegal immigrants are not ? 
  are you aware that many of those `` illegal immigrants '' were living in there lands before there were usa and so are not in fact immigrant ? 
  are you aware that the hispanic/latino population in the usa is in its main part born in the country ? 
  the hungarians are not exactly as unique as the basques . 
  finns and estonians belong to the same linguistic group . 
  you meant `` stop breaching the rules '' . 
  what a nice serf you do . 
  you think you 're special ? 
  understand it , no individual country matter to them . 
  unless it is too big to ignore . 
  which is why they do not want a ( democratic ) eu but a free trade area , in which case democracy is moot . 
  so you believe the revolution was an unprompted happening . 
  wake up !, 
  it 's a briton , they 've been indoctrinated that free markets solve everything and if any of them britons fails , it is that briton absolutely individual and non-transferrable guilt , and then they ' l pile on that briton , ** pour encourager les autres ** . 
   you 'd honestly never see this kind of shit in the uk , nor most other large european countries . 
  as for the uk , nothing goes properly through then so the britons have no possibility to do anything . 
  the other european countries are either in a similar situation , or do not do anything that is in competition with their production . 
  and social mobility . 
  of course once you 're amongst the 5 % the uk is egoistically better , but then that do the tell on the individual that makes that choice . 
  and they were right then and are , mostly , right now . 
   you ca n't just mess with ~ ~ spanish and ~ ~ english goods and workers and get away with it . 
   why french farmers are so frequently so militant ? 
  because they 're not lambs . 
   can the multikulti agenda please stop ? 
  there is no such agenda outside the fevered minds of the failed people . 
  no , it is a very ordinary claim . 
  have you never seen the claims that france is at the end of her tethers ? 
  i do , for some 50 years . 
  all that tina business . 
  when people say that a country is in bad shape it is first and foremost that the wealthy are not getting as much as they desire . 
  edit s/the desire/they desire /, 
  so you 're another run of the mill sycophant of the wealthy that has no problem with people dying as long the agony happens out of * its * sight . 
  a first i was not sure of that , but now there no longer any space for scepticism about that . 
  let 's make the dutch deal with pig manure inside netherlands . 
  says a lawyer in the pocket of financial interests . 
  boy , you know better or you 're closing your eyes deliberately . 
   i was under the impression the powerful wanted you to be . 
   you ca n't progress as a society without stepping on toes . 
  it 's simply not possible . 
  but so enjoyable when the toes are those of people that are poor , while the wealthy are doing the stepping . 
  what 's your name , baldric ? 
  however , if you 're a fascist , then anti-immigration is a natural . 
   the funny thing is that merkel 's appreciation has actually risen during the last weeks ( most italians were against giving money to greece , and sure as hell they liked how she told the syrian kid how immigration has to be stopped ) . 
  so there are fascist italians . 
  not really great news . 
  given the guy was aligned with absolutism against constitutionalism , i 'd think i 'll disregard his teachings . 
  whatever you 're paid , you 're overpaid . 
   what kind of catholic are you ? 
  the kind northern europeans crusaded against . 
  and , in case you are not aware enjoying sex is not a sin . 
  when i read such sentences i have a hard time to believe that people are rational , but then half the people are under average . 
   is it overall income , or is it per-job ? 
  are we comparing brain surgeons to receptionists ? 
  it is afaict by sector of activity . 
  individual differences are to big to make a determination in present circumstances otherwise . 
  so you look at healthcare , or at construction or whatever . 
  or at professional sport , where while few , very few , get millions most have more pedestrian incomes . 
  it is an eu-derived benefit that is open to other countries as it requires less in harmonisation of laws . 
  the first non-eu member were norway and iceland in 1996 . 
  it seems to me that it was a predecessor to enhanced cooperation . 
  so a prehistoric individual that has a fascinaton with glittering things . 
  fact is , my login name is related to my name . 
  then there are other people that have the same name . 
  and if you refer to porn , yes i look at it , why not ? 
  legitimacy is not like wishing . 
  in fact i doubt it dearly that chile and even worse the balkan states have much legitimacy in the mind of their people . 
  found a tax evader . 
  who would vote for them ? 
   remove vat for national b2b transactions . 
  vat is only paid by end consumer . 
   what consequences do you see today , still , in greek society , from the junta . 
  not greek but spanish , so not exactly the same but a lot in common . 
  the consequences are the whole economy disaster , as the political is far from what is needed to solve the present problems . 
  the dictatorship destroyed the legitimacy of the state in the perception of the greeks , the people that were in the upper rungs of the economy ladder are still there . 
  they paid little in taxes , and they pay little in taxes , the lower rungs are those that have almost no possibility to avoid them , and see what they pay used to the profit of those on top . 
   fiscal union is essentially a legalized and formalized means to impose austerity on over-spending , deep-in-debts governments . 
  i do not understand how you can write that . 
  probably because you do not understand the meaning . 
  in a fiscal union transfers can be automatic , which s what is needed now . 
   sending money away via imports and deficits . 
  only via imports . 
  deficits are irrelevant here , what would relevant is * external borrowing * no matter how in surplus is the budget . 
  because external loans are imports . 
  is that satire ? 
  you 're still thinking like if you lived in xviii century at the most . 
  when i entered reddit , / r/europe was a nice place to learn and discuss , but the present circumstances have brought to the surface the evil present in many . 
  people that ask me for help . 
  oxfam , red cross and others . 
  oh , now you think that is not ok ? 
  afaik you never protested blaming a group because of the acts of a minority of it .
