  asylum seekers are always legal . 
  that is because you do not know the poster . 
  note that the username arabianmaniac seems a single purpose username . 
   to put the explosive there just waiting for the next war to start so you can blow them . 
  that is what was implied in the text i read then . 
   first you implied that jews are leaving hungary because of orban i never implied that . 
  but that the number of jews in hungary is too small to matter so orb\u00e1n does not feel he needs to bring that over . 
   wish we had done morgenthau plan sure its a war crime but far less annoying than having to deal with little bitches like yourself . 
  would not affect me , i 'm not german . 
  that he was too ambitious and greedy to submit to the people in arrow cross is a different business . 
  in spain polaco , which in case you do n't understand means pole , is an insult . 
  it is used against people like me . 
  s2ince i had a good opinion of poles it seemed silly . 
  until i started reading the comments of poles on reddit . 
  we do not agree with islam , simply people of your ilk are worse . 
  isds is various orders of magnitude worse . 
  because most people are innocent ? 
  and no , the usa did not rebuild europe , europe rebuilded by herself . 
  the marshall plan was only to avoid an independent europe , as she might have lent to the left in a greater measure . 
  that . 
  was it not standard procedure to rig bridges with explosives ? 
  i remember having read that , it was a metaphor of human relationships . 
  yes . 
  i am ignorant of these niceties , but what i mean is that orban would fit in arrow cross , not that he is presently a member . 
  as far as i can tell orban would fit in that arrow cross . 
  the jews that lived in the past had been killed by nazis or fled away . 
  that they belong to europe , they do not at all . 
  they belong to the east of the ural mountains . 
  they entered under a false pretense , in the usa people have been deprived of citizenship and expelled for that . 
  so they 're newcomers . 
  how many jews live in hungary ? 
   bush clan was right no , they created the situation of decomposition we are seeing now . 
  that is because they , a ) had an empire , b ) are more developed . 
   if a present day german politician advocates and supports the anti-nazi sentiment , that politician would be doing the contrary of \u00d3rban . 
  as \u00d3rban has chosen nazism even if he does nor assumes the name . 
  source ? 
  the typical divides ut regnes . 
   no , you 're thinking russia and the soviets , under the whole policy of `` russification '' . 
  you are mixing different things , hitler did want all the land till the ural at a minimum . 
  the people living there not so much . 
  afaict , he intended to exterminate the slavs too , after enslaving them . 
  now there were probably more chinese than slavs . 
  what was the population affected in both cases ? 
  china was already very populated . 
  civil wars casualties tend to be proportional to the number of people affected . 
  the current polish government is an enemy of democracy . 
  i expect the eu to look to counter it . 
  he was not wrong , he had no choice as the uk was not ready . 
  no need for that . 
  what matters is that poland is no germany . 
   uk would also block any sanctions on poland . 
  that explain chamberlain appeasement of hitler . 
  since poland is a less developed country than germany she is not a threat to uk ambitions . 
  http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/columns/2016/01/04/bailout-volkswagen-congress-wants-do-something-absolutely-crazy note that the legal initiative is previous to the case , still it shows whom the gop member of congress care about . 
  are you forgetting that there are quite a few tourists that go there ? 
  they forgot to put it head down , as mandated by tradition . 
  al qaeda is not daesh ( isis ) . 
  unless the people that win are rich and the losers poor . 
  some people do not like that as you were at -1 when i started this reply . 
  so why rapes are much more common in the usa than in germany or spain ? 
  to me that text suggests a febrile imagination that try to push the buttons of common prejudiced people . 
  +1 too many people do not understad that . 
  so a typical mental heath case . 
  job guarantee . 
  now if that money went into the lowest income people of each country , the results would be an order of magnitude better . 
  so if i make it impossible for your kids to get medicines and they die it is not me who killed them . 
  nice to know . 
  so swiss people do not enjoy the point . 
  if you do not  have the right to cross over the border into another state . 
  then point 2 is meaningless . 
  but the juridically linked europe that has to assume taking refugees is the eu . 
  russia , ukraine and belarus have a total 200 millions inhabitants , but i doubt refugees are going there and are not for now legally linked to the eu to have to accept refugees . 
   in case you have not noticed far fewer people have died in iraq since saddam & sons have been taken out than died while they were in power . 
  source ? 
  note that while saddam & sons were in power many iraquians were killed by the usa and their allies . 
  julian calendar , i suppose . 
   because of their procedence, 
  the uk government , tories , is not left wing at all . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  your country voted for these individuals . 
  their ideology in what regards women is backwards to say the least . 
  since you are shadelessly aginst immigrants because of their procedence , it is procedent to remind you that you are not that different . 
   we do n't shoot people for being dark . 
  not so sure . 
  do n't complain when people think you are a nazi . 
   i just saw it when the migrant crisis begun ... is just like saying you were born yesterday . 
   we live in a world where this is a valid question . 
   no country needs immigrants . 
  no country ever needed english people outside of england . 
  probably too hot . 
  half of it taking the usa as reference . 
  healthcare spending in the usa is about double european one in gdp terms . 
   how bad the current emission test procedures are . 
  well , the test were not designed with the idea that there would be an intent to deceive them from the car producers . 
  it is standard procedure to claim that criticizing management is `` socialism '' and so uncouth . 
  and do you can fulfill your responsibilities then ? 
  unless you 're a real taxist ... 
  if a passenger is hurt , you will have a very big problem . 
   i dont see why i , as an individual , should not be allowed to take people with me and charge for that , and who will assume the responsibility in case of accident ? 
   laws are able to che changed .
