  you 're speaking of well defined situations , and note that concepts do not belong to a language . 
  if you are not a lawyer , you 'll find most contracts to have a strange language , compared to everyday talk , if you do not feel that , then it is worse as you might assume something is just the contrary of what it juridically means . 
  critical thinking is not your thing . 
  that is not how a belief gets into our mind . 
  that you believe so is simply proof of your lack of open mind . 
  no , it never lost its meaning , simply people got worse . 
  that acceptance is not voluntary . 
  and everybody is in fact an idiot . 
  i tend to agree over its competency , still he was a bad individual that no party should hold in awe . 
  still what is at play here are beliefs . 
  beliefs can change , yes , so what , it is not really your choice . 
  because why would you want `` to find out about things that contradict your beliefs '' ? 
  nobody really does that . 
  those that claims so in fact refer to habits they did not believe in to start . 
  people that oppose others because of the beliefs these other hold , in fact are just the proof that they do not want to find out about things that contradict their beliefs and have an open mind . 
  it is a matter of perception . 
  from my flair you can see i been in provence ( france ) and majorca and catalonia , while in provence as a child i never felt discrimination even when i could see it existed for others even if muted , and my parents are from majorca , but when my parents decided to return to majorca , where i have a large family , i had to face a lot of aggression because i was `` french '' . 
  a foreign language like slovak ? 
  seriously , i reckon they rather meant english and german . 
   but i never heard them criticize african/asian immigrants based on their race . 
  it 's always about islam , people are afraid of it . 
  that is plausibly to get plausible denial . 
  alliteration intended . 
  opposing african/asian on their race is too evident , so you look a something associated with it and target it . 
  you do not chose your beliefs , else they would not be beliefs . 
  as for professional victims , your see one in the mirror . 
  your racist intolerance shows . 
  why should we want efficiency ? 
  so a bunch of psychopathic business people pocket it at our cost ? 
  if we want efficiency honestly , then english must be forbidden as while it is easy to say simple thing in it , complex concepts in it are very hard to understand even for natives , never say the rest of people . 
  yes . 
  i trust business people : they 're in for the money , and they do not care the costs to other people . 
  everything the greeks did , is a fraction of the damage wallstreeters did . 
  but that is fine because you apparently get to profit . 
  yes , it is an ad hominem . 
  and it is correctly used . 
  any economist will say you that using cheap loans is fine . 
  the problem came from the fact that `` wall street '' had created toxic products that poisoned many banks when they were uncovered as unsound . 
  it was bad for germany , but worse for greece . 
  then vsp demanded that their crazy notions be applied no matter what , and greece was crushed . 
  that made their debt worse , but it pleased the vsp , and that is all that matters . 
  my pleasure . 
  where there is work to do , and so where people go to live . 
  look at that [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mwi1tnk.jpg ) , for muslim immigrants the main part is the one along the mediterranean coast and some 300 km land inside ( some 200 miles ) and madrid . 
  then there are those that only come for seasonal works , mostly in andalusia . 
  edit map link, 
  significance is relative , i see . 
  from http://crookedtimber.org/2015/08/06/britains-new-government-2/  back in may , to squeals from some commenters , i observed that `` within less than a week of coming to power , the new british government has made financial threats or legislative proposals with the following effects : to intimidate independent journalism to make legal strike action impossible to criminalize dissent to increase state surveillance of citizens to block access to legal remedies against the abuse of state power . '' to this list we can now add to deprive its principal electoral opponents of their finances to cripple public-sector union finances to strip the electoral roll of non-tory voters and to ensure boundary changes that under-represent economically deprived areas in short , the british government is acting so as to make it as hard as possible for opponents of its intended changes to the state to oppose them by voice , by collective action , by exercising legal rights and in the political arena . 
  taken together , the systematic and comprehensive attention the conservatives are giving to closing off avenues of opposition leaves the uk drifting in the direction of those states that are nominally democratic , but where the political system strongly favours the incumbent , states such as russia , hungary , turkey . 
  hyperbole ? 
  since they concentrate in the zone were there is activity , the level is similar , and they are more recent and so less integrated . 
  what greece would have done had she had control of her currency , and the same in other members of the eurozone , like netherlands or finland . 
  the alternatives you list would damage greece easily some 20 to 60 % of gdp more . 
  for my country it is basically the same . 
  no , i thought it was clear by the context , my error , that corresponds to the period between the reconquista and the start of xix century . 
  from your first link :  on october 4 , 2007 , the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe adopted the dangers of creationism in education , a resolution on the attempt by american-inspired creationists to promote creationism in european schools . 
  from the other link :  readers familiar with creationist groups in the u.s. will not be surprised by the role that many of them play in outreach to their counterparts on the continent . 
  indeed , as many of the contributors make clear , creationism on the continent is largely an american import . 
  that does n't mean there were no conflict between us . 
  usually as pirate attacks . 
  one of the reason the spanish coast was quite preserved in natural form until tourism was that it was dangerous to live next to the sea . 
  afaict , we reciprocated . 
  then there were attempt of annexation of part of the maghreb until the middle of the xx century . 
   there are almost no muslims in iberia . 
  funnily uninformed . 
  in my city they 're a 10 % . 
  for the whole country they 're about 2.5 % , or slightly over a million . 
  you do not understand the cost of going to a new currency . 
  moreso when the debt is so big and the country in crisis . 
  no , but keep going . 
   didnt they actually said that they have members who go in those boats ? 
  and into europe ? 
  they say that first to scare the rubes , second to make difficult to their enemy to find protection , and third to distract from the fact that people from is can go to europe in more conventional ways , as business people for an example , and in more comfortable means of travel . 
  never had any problem with migrants , nor immigrated people in case you do not differentiate between these two categories . 
  i live in spain , where we have a strong crisis with lot of unemployment , a big number of immigrants that are quite recent , and the country is a transit zone for those that want to go to other countries . 
  and criminality is still low by european standards . 
  while not everything is rosy , i do not find the hostility towards muslims in spain to be as great as in countries that never were affected by them . 
  you do really like living in a dictatorship ? 
  in your country it is mostly men that participate of politics , in less developed countries that even moreso . 
  so if there are problems in them , it will be men that will be mostly under threat and need to find refuge in other countries . 
  as for syria , eritrea not so much , well , you have a very short memory . 
  one of the crusades attacked constantinople . 
   during the reconquista , the so-called reconquista was not particularly bloody by the standards of the time . 
  and the fight were not strictly between religions , as m\u00edo cid testify . 
  implying that at some point some people will do it . 
  yes , anti-rational , like against science . 
  in which other developed country is teaching evolution controversial ? 
  germans ... 
  so you are not human . 
  fascism is not properly racist , still it has little problem using racism to its purposes . 
  that in a country in dire straits fascism gets an audience is almost reasonable , that a country that is wealthy , like in twice mine , is to mistrust its people . 
  prototypical fascism was born in italy , using as foundation the nostalgia of the former soldiers that in time of the war were cared in spite of the threats of battle . 
  what is dumb is to imagine they wo n't be tracked by doing that . 
  in fact that is a clear signal that there is a reason to track them . 
  as fr the taxes , learn to read . 
  what greece needed has been to have control of its money , the euro as constructed does not allow for that or an equivalent , so that has to change , or the euro is condemned to fail . 
  the people that imposed a bad design are guilty . 
  the people that insist in maintaining a bad design are even worse . 
  gw bush dilapidated the surplus he received from clinton , mismanaged anti-terrorism , went to war in iraq on false pretenses , reagan created the anti-rational climate that devastates the usa , nixon was so crooked he got out of the presidency to avoid impeachment . 
  ghw bush nominated clarence thomas .
