  the ecb did it much less , and only started some qe after most of the damage was undoable in the short term . 
   most people do n't want the latter . 
  somehow i think you invent that . 
  fact is the usa are in better shape because of putting more money in circulation ( commonly called printing money ) . 
  no , but high taxes on big incomes , high protection to workers , social help ... and yes , bismarck did create the leftist social security , out of fear of a popular rebellion , not out of leftist ideals . 
  as for the nazis , i do not care that they protected animals , which is not particularly lefty , since they did not mind killing people wholesale . 
  curious that you forget that . 
  irrelevant . 
  they applied left wing policies . 
   implying left - far left is the best option , nevermind recent history of the 20th century . 
  scandinavia anyone ? 
  no matter what , i see no reason to make suicide easy . 
  even if they are suicides , i see no reason to make suicide easy . 
   i 'm happy to live in a country safer than the uk despite a slightly higher gun homicide rate . 
  you are mixing categories : switzerland is not safer because less crime with guns , as more people there die because of guns . 
  probably it is accidents with guns . 
   if anything these weapons have lost value as they are impossible to own legally and hence are kind of a burden to own . 
  then give them to the police . 
  afaik canada is more homicidal than britain . 
  they had a referendum in 1975 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975 and note that the uk was not forced to be a member , in fact de gaulle vetoed her entry . 
  one million is not millions . 
   so yeah they would be richer with lower taxes . 
  they are poorer ** because * they lowered taxes ... on the wealthy . 
   when you are taking millions of uneducated people which millions ? 
  rather * national * socialism . 
  the national aspect is more important than the social aspect . 
   i 'm definitely a german . 
  all this talk of `` european '' is - in my humble opinion - artificial , it 's a slogan coined to signify a diffuse hope of some people but nothing really tangible . 
  you could say the same of germany , which did not exist until late xix century . 
  that is not different from the usual arbitration systems . 
  as long as using them does not eliminate recourse to ordinary tribunal , it is a purely private business . 
  now isds ... 
  if you can except any already established rule , what rule matters ? 
   the biggest cost in most industries is from payroll . 
  wages have not grown as fast as productivity for quite a long time now . 
   smart enough rather knowledgeable enough . 
  most of the time we do not know where something is produced . 
  well , balkanians like to kill balkanians , as history is witness . 
   i do n't see why i should care . 
  europe can go fuck it self . 
  guns should be legal . 
  and your place is in a solitary confinement cell , no ? 
  as i understand it , the uk can only keep the exception she had , not establish a new exception . 
  else the eu would become meaningless . 
   stay some years there, 
  now ? 
  yes . 
  meteorological predictions have gone quite better , we have more data and are able to process more of them in time . 
  of course there is still a lot of margin to get it wrong , but it is really serious . 
   if the treaty is opened ( which seems likely at the moment ) , what hinders poland from requesting to delete that rule ? 
  19 votes of 28 . 
  there are 19 members in , of 28 members . 
  while the euro rules are pretty dumb , i do not see them wanting to change the obligation of the adoption of the euro . 
  nor did they need them . 
   if poland wants an optout in this case aswell , they will likely get one the adoption of the euro as currency is obligatory for new members of the eu like poland . 
  the only margin is that they have to fulfill certain criteria that can be postponed . 
  historical or for this year ( 2015 ) ? 
  in a perfect world there would not be any nato . 
  because basques do ? 
  most eu funds require a matching fund from the country involved . 
  the usa fed did that in a greater scale . 
  credit ratings ? 
  they get them reading tea leaves . 
  everything is a special case . 
  but that kind of things is pleasing to psychopaths . 
   country 's with primarily militia based militarys . 
  that is countries without rule of law ? 
   it is a choice , just not a concious one since it is not conscious ^ ( 1 ) it is not a real choice of which you can be held responsible . 
  ^ ( 1 ) in the sense you do not consciously chose to believe in gravity . 
  oh , so you are another of those that believe they chose their beliefs . 
  because you say so , and so is da'esh . 
  it was an irish organisation , else why did it ask and ** receive ** help from people living in the usa but not from people from germany or italy ? 
  pretty much irrelevant . 
  in france there are catholics , protestants , jews and atheists . 
  fact is you do n't choose to be catholic . 
  or muslim . 
  when there was an ira attack in the uk , did every irish descendant living there stage protests ? 
  did any ? 
  france is far from homogeneous . 
  the usa federal budget is an order of magnitude greater that the eu budget , that in itself solves a lot of problems . 
  but it still is pretty comfortable . 
  funnily , this morning someone i do not know has just confused me with somebody else . 
  the jews were perfectly integrated , it was antisemitism that could not stand it , as demonstrated by the inclusion of any individual who had a jewish grand parent as deserving death . 
   he did n't want to travel from syria to france on his french passport he go have gone from syria to turkey clandestinely , quite easy afaict , and then traveled as a tourist unchallenged . 
  yes it is the same . 
  there are resources more than enough for everybody to have a well paid job . 
  simply those that control the money find it more profitable to themselves to keep an artificial scarcity of it . 
  i think you 're responding to the wrong comment . 
  i think you have misread my comment . 
  most ? 
  many , yes , but then they tend to be dictatorships that please the usa and the uk , and australia . 
  there no real scarcity in europe at the moment . 
   that assumes tha terrorism is due to intolerance of natives . 
  well , jews in germany were quite integrated , that did not stop germans to want to kill them , and they did for millions . 
  were protestants in france not integrated when the french decided to kill them for saint-barth\u00e9lemy ? 
  so david cameron . 
  ( deleted duplicate ), 
  no matter how common saying is that phrase , afaict used by richard dawkins when talking about judeo-christianism , it is still false . 
   march through 10 's of safe countries learn to count . 
  there are not even ten countries between syria and germany .
