  the world is a worse place because of him . 
   how can anyone send a young girl to that fate ? 
  they 're right wingers . 
   s one man and one woman dead , another man taken to hospital in critical condition , incident apparently happened in the house-wares section might easily be a crime of jealousy . 
   blacks in usa going crazy ... 
  blacks killed by police without justification ... 
  well , that is what is available that i 'm aware . 
  to share the profits . 
  where do you think the smugglers want to sell ? 
  not enough people for that to be profitable . 
  if that is your reading comprehension , you must have some serious brain lesion . 
  i rather side with the idea that you are the typical right wing lowlife or some crook . 
  giving assurance to drug traffickers that they are welcome ? 
  japan is a very closed country , so that might easily account for that . 
   japan has banned all muslim activity in its country source ? 
  only for the last three years , which is logical as those were years of deep crisis as once over 60 yo it is extremely hard to get a new job when fired . 
  so fud from you . 
   the ones managing billions of euros have a better understanding of ~ ~ macroeconomics . ~ ~ getting money in their pocket while scamming the rest . 
   would they rather the spanish just let the drug runners go as soon as they get to the border ? 
  usage is yes . 
  so you are the typical vile right winger . 
  a lot of people keep saying greeks retire at 50 , like it was the usual age of retirement . 
  this oecd report shows that in fact greeks retired at a greater age than the typical german . 
  you have to download the spreadsheet files to see the data . 
  ah , there are some missing data , germany lacks data before 1996 . 
  * 1 i do not like you but in that i agree . 
  source ? 
  and no , that there some instance is not that it is widely generalized . 
  oecd published a report in which it was apparent that germans retired younger than greeks for most of the time for which data are available , germany being the one lacking . 
  +1 if you add `` while refusing to implement transfers to handle asymmetric shocks '' . 
  of course , your own is more than enough . 
  no , and you knew it before i answered . 
   there are no more people with right wing mindset , i believe you meant `` not '' rather than `` no '' . 
   people can just see problems caused by immigration , and muslims , and no other party addresses this issue . 
  that is a lie , as the problems are the result of right wing policies that have been operative for centuries . 
  the people that put the blame on immigration deserve to be expelled to hell . 
  oh , boy , you are so learned !!!!, 
  to the right , anything that 's not themselves has to be treated like the jews in nazi germany or that is embracing it . 
  learn to read . 
  o , the solipsism of the individual that never deserved any of everything it enjoys . 
   the uk matters to me , shall we compare the whole world then just to make it fair ? 
  are you aware that the world where we live is shaped by past actions ? 
  and that the uk has done a lot of thing , killings among them , that were damaging in what are today muslim countries ? 
  that many muslim in the uk are there because of that ? 
  oh , by the way , islamic terrorism at present is right-wing terrorism . 
  it is the produce of the anticommunism of the western powers in afghanistan and the middle-east . 
   as if the far right has such a significant presence on muslim children to force them to be more extremist than their parents . 
  how evident that you have never been at the receiving end of prejudice and bigotry . 
  edit added the next line to make the last line comprehensible . 
  if it was ` far right extremist 's fault ' then we 'd have hindu and sikh extremists in europe too . 
  how many of them are here , and at which socioeconomical level ? 
   that is obviously not true , right wing parties did exist , they popularity had not . 
  that might be in your country , but in fact the number of people with right wing mindset has hardly changed . 
  in my country extreme ring wing parties have little appeal since the mainstream right wing party does what they care about . 
  and portugal imports 74.5 b $ ( exports in my source are 62 b $ for 2013 , not 66 ) . 
  many of the strong exporter countries , afaik , are just the same , they have a lot of subsidiaries to profit from local conditions , or even only use the country as a convenient storage . 
  ireland and netherlands have quite big exports . 
  did the tories complain beforehand of possible bias ? 
  which is what we see in the article of the telegraph . 
  as thing are , i do not believe in them , does n't make sense . 
   you do n't need to be genius to use condoms , you need an education , better at 12 before there are errors . 
  sexually transmitted diseases , contraception , and what is consent are important points . 
  you are rather an unthinking individual if you believe that . 
  only imbeciles believe in chemtrails . 
  illuminati here , no , we are not so dumb . 
  one of the study that claimed to evaluate countries iq , whatever that means , used the gdp of those countries and a regression to evaluate it . 
   it 's kind of funny that they educate people on such personal matter you mean interpersonal , masturbation apart . 
  and there are a lot of consequences when done badly . 
   i do n't know . 
  no sceptic here ...  maybe by giving iq tests you 're joking ? 
  do you understand how costly that would be ? 
  it is a possibility . 
  i do n't see the value of touristic activities . 
  i think it is some 18 billion euros ( or dollars , hard to be sure ) . 
  if so , there is some surplus . 
  an icbm , full spelling intercontinental ballistic missile , is too massive for the amour to matter , and an extremely expensive and unwieldy weapon against a ground vehicle . 
   presented with proof that `` poor abused colonized countries '' have lower iq how did they evaluate that iq ? 
  in a mostly circular definition way . 
   a filter system to cease the censorship . 
  to most of the people here filtering is censoring . 
  that 's another reason for my post . 
  to many people go by hearsay . 
  i 'm only putting it here so people have better information , i 'm not conversant enough with the content to explain it . 
   `` well , by definition half of the population has an iq under 100 . '', 
  yes . 
   `` proof immigrants has low iq '' no , as the fact that iq extrapolated , not directly measured , for a country is not directly related to the iq of emigrants from those countries . 
   `` iq does n't matter '' false and distorted , it says little if any about the goodness of people . 
  i have no reason to doubt of the high iq of the british doctor that murdered over 200 people in the uk . 
  so in fact no matter how high `` is '' the iq of your country , it is not your own iq , and given what you 've written there is reason to think you are not a good individual . 
  so they have a hard time to evaluate if immigration is good or not , usually they 'll resort to prejudice . 
  sorry , but i 'm not sure to understand . 
  you meant you doubted that greece exported anything but unemployed people ? 
   lose millions of centrist votes to the tories . 
  i 'm really struggling to see how they defeat the tories this way . 
  if they vote tory , they 're definitely not centrist . 
  the iq is relevant when needing to evaluate a situation , it says little if any about the goodness of people . 
  i have no reason to doubt of the high iq of the [ british doctor that murdered over 200 people in the uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harold_shipman ) . 
  well , by definition half of the population has an iq under 100 . 
  that 's not the purpose of that armour . 
  i 'm not an expert in the effect of shockwaves , but since the force would be much more dispersed , it would be as much absorbed as the impact of a bullet or fragment , similarly to the working of an attenuator .
