  people tend to forget that . 
  and what you said before , that the khmer rouge only got power because of the usa . 
  if you 're european , all of europe is your country . 
   then i realise i am reading the telegraph and it all makes sense . 
  that . 
  to be sure that is an ad hominem , but i concord with you . 
   well the aims of the ~ ~ russian ~ ~ uk state are to stop the coalescence of a major economic/military bloc on it 's borders ( totally understandable when framed in realist terms ) , and so it would be in their interests to undermine that . 
  says a pawn . 
  so you can not do math . 
  i 'm not sure of what you intend to convey . 
  so you need to be assaulted by `` white '' people . 
  and put in prison if you survive and complain . 
   just because you do n't know their program does n't mean they do n't have one . 
  just because you do n't suicide does n't mean other people do not suicide . 
  how multicultural was nazi germany ? 
   the problem with islam is that they 're 1000 years behind us is a silly notion . 
  it is like saying that christianity is whatever many thousands of years behind paganism . 
  or quantum physics is two hundred years behind newtonian physics . 
  please , explain : how many years behind the rest of western countries was germany in 1930 ? 
  i 'd sooner think that slavic people are not compatible with mankind . 
  let me say i disagree . 
  with the rest of the pp . 
  for those that are not aware , iglesias gave a `` game of thrones '' set to the king in a previous meeting . 
  lucky you . 
  what if it was take one more coffee ? 
  do another hour of work ? 
  i 've always wondered about the `` naranjo '' part of the name . 
  but that is what your boss want . 
  so better comply or be fired . 
   the local population wants independence but it is still part of spain . 
  well , the people of england do not want independence but they are still part of the uk . 
  and op has used england and not uk . 
  and what with switzerland and netherlands cities , as they might be in different cantons/provinces or whatever they call them . 
  no , because it would be like writing `` london , wales '' . 
  now op should have wrote `` santiago , galicia '' and `` valencia , valencia '' to keep symmetry . 
   it would be a great idea if we had a similar standard of living in all countries . 
  if it was , then we would get the same same standard all over the world . 
  that is , for dimwitted individuals , when places from where people get away get empty enough , then local standards raise . 
  think . 
  afaik daesh has not stringent criteria of admission of the kind any military has . 
  the best way to decentralise is to make sure nobody has more than a million at thirty years old . 
  simply it is the original sense of the word . 
  so you can have a king presiding a reunion . 
  well , the roads to get there are pretty poor , and it is not populated . 
  the underrating is causal to the experience . 
  if you were to go in the interior of majorca you could get a similar experience ( well not those related to the coast , unless in the north-west coast as it is rather inaccessible for now ) . 
  of these you list , two are not like the rest . 
  fact is , yes . 
  the bosses want high unemployment to contain wages . 
  they could get better things of these you list , that does not make them unable to keep going . 
   uk voters are not monolithic . 
  it 's clear you ' ~ ~ re ~ ~ d be an idiot if you think so, 
  the uk is one of the creators of hr . 
  that others agreed to them does not makes it a foreign policy . 
  the law is for the little people . 
  the rulers are exempt of it . 
  being that hr are not established by eu , it is clear that uk voters are ignorant of what they vote . 
  influence might be useful , but i fail to see it as a need . 
  for real ? 
  what does russia ** need ** from out of her territory ? 
  then nationalise the banks . 
  and put the management in prison . 
  banking might be necessary , the individual bankers are not . 
  just like if you buy shares . 
   when european depositors opened accounts they were told they were insured . 
  in the country where the branch operated , as the bank pays the state to operate there . 
  so branches in the uk were to be bailed by the uk , etc. 
  of course that does not cover risky operations , but these are never covered . 
  deutsche bank operates in spain , so is i put money in an ordinary account , i will be covered by the spanish state , not by the german state . 
  well , if you 're in texas you are not personally affected . 
  while i enjoy the fantasy of sw , my favorite , if utopic , is st. as for the present politics , i find b5 to be more on point . 
  kind of kosher culture : one of the major dietary laws that observant jews keep of kashruth is that dairy and meat may not be eaten at the same meal . 
  pretty problematic in a school setting . 
  facial veil can have a protection value where there is sand and wind ^ ( 1 ) . 
  and if you have got an exotic fairskinned wife it may be convenient to avoid sunburns . 
  remember that until recently , in europe paleness was very valued , as it was a proof of pertaining to nobility , or accommodated class , that had not to work in the sun . 
  ^ ( 1 ) see a touareg , a man in this case : https://blogmuchomasqueunviaje.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/tuareg.jpg, 
   in one of these classes , he basically taught kids that playing or listening to music would transform them into pigs . 
  which is strange since islamic countries have all music and songs . 
   greek and albanian being linguistic brothers . 
  source ? 
  i think that now albanian is considered to be indo-european , like greek , but not a close parent . 
  according to oecd ^ ( 1 ) poland has more homicide than uk , germany , france or sweden . 
  belgium is another matter . 
  ^ ( 1 ) http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/, 
  so what you claim would only apply to them . 
  and it seems that this right to vote is limited to local elections , not to country parliament elections . 
  in that case they do not affect the government . 
  in 2013 , according to eurostat , over 1.5 millions people came from outside the eu . 
  source : http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/submitviewtableaction.do, 
   if the girl can deploy spray before any man can touch him , very useful in the middle of oktoberfest . 
  of course , you have to live within your means . / s, 
  of course u/karpisos can . 
  it is not very different from the amish mindset . 
   if that stops so will the cheap workforce flow into the west . 
  well , we have a lot of unemployed people , if you think about it . 
  now , you 're aware that we are commenting on the prevision of a million plus immigrants per year , why should we care if you no longer come here ? 
  unless you can prove that every european country gives full voting right to immigrants . 
  unless you can prove that every european country gives full voting right to immigrants . 
  it is to the west of the initial usa .
