  yes , i could have been wrong , but i doubt that there are meaningful immigrant only zones in three cities sweden , and what you describe is what had happened in france . 
  i need more proof of what you claim , especially since you say `` i know for a fact '' . 
    and when it is , it 's ok , because `` the political majority just wo n't listen '' . 
   uh , what ? 
  no it is never ok and people who say such things probably face moderation of their comments if you report them anyways . 
  i think that commentary in this same thread contradicts you : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pgoxs/fourth_asylum_home_on_fire_in_west_sweden/cw6lya1, 
  i think he 's mixing in troubles that happen in france . 
  after all immigrants are `` all the same '' . 
   how is that a bad or unusual occurrence ? 
  because those suffering the most are not the ones that decided the leverage , much less got any profit from that leverage . 
   ultimately , may be a good thing . 
  for germans and dutch , that 's a good thing now . 
  there is profit in starving people , is n't it ? 
  edit : s/thee/there /, 
  what is the text to which you are responding ? 
  from your sample it seems that charlie hebdo thought that christianity was at a minimum three times more worrisome . 
   spain and ireland got poorer because their real estate bubbles burst . 
  not that its a conspiracy by the germans and dutch . 
  who spoke of a conspiracy ? 
  the title of the post is not the title of the article , that 's what i pointed to . 
  the title is `` ecb research shows irish and spaniards got poorer as germans and dutch prospered '' no superlative in it . 
  in society with minimal or no state , marriage is a political agreement between families , like in not so ancient monarchies . 
  a matter of reason and not of emotion . 
  most countries had them until recently . 
  a society does not change without a reason . 
  things change , here was not that different not so long ago , and there was , and is ^ ( 1 ) , quite a lot of resistance to change . 
  ^ ( 1 ) from a right-wing source :  matt mclaughlin , a lawyer from huntington beach , created the initiative and paid the $ 200 filing fee on feb. 26 . 
  the initiative 's language states it is `` better that offenders should die rather than that all of us should be killed by god 's just wrath , '' adding that anyone making sexual contact with someone of the same gender be executed by `` bullets to the head or by any other convenient method . ''  the bill calls homosexual activity , `` a monstrous evil that almighty god , giver of freedom and liberty , commands us to suppress on pain of our utter destruction even as he overthrew sodom and gomorrha . '' if the state refuses to implement the provisions of the bill , the bill states , `` the general public is empowered and deputized to execute all the provisions hereunder extra-judicially , immune from any charge and indemnified by the state against any and all liability . '' in addition , anyone supporting gay rights to minors would spend 10 years in prison and be forced to leave the state . 
  those that set the trend , yes . 
   because it 's evident that the majority of them do n't want to conform to the society they move to but instead expect the society to conform to them . 
  that is in my mind the way of an asshole . 
  just like europeans all over the world . 
  even in europe by the way . 
  while it seems to have subsided , germans are pretty unassimilating in majorca and locals were quite irritated at them . 
  english that want everybody to speak their language are not that different . 
  in denmark too ? 
  i think they might have be averse to it , as in other germanic lands . 
   and with that a very cult-ish authoritarion anti-science religion that has a dead penalty for apostates and homosexuals . 
  like the typical usa republican party voter ? 
  if we asked britons , would they not be majority for implanting common law wherever they go ? 
  people like what they are used to . 
   also halal must be prepared separated from anything else , animal must be killed by muslim and ton of other regulations . 
  kosher food is halal . 
  at present there is no relevant amount of refugees . 
  i daresay you are making a problem of something that still do not exist . 
  so you think 40 millions mexicans live in the usa ? 
  are you not mixing it with hispanics/latinos ? 
  many of whom had their ancestors living there before the usa annexed these territories . 
   what percentage of europeans do you think have ever heard of those places ? 
  i think it 's easily below 10 % . 
  spain ( 46 ) plus portugal ( 10 ) adds to 56 millions , the eu is 507 millions , so no because it is more than 10 % . 
  thanks . 
  afaik we have not so many fires in schools , as there are no easy to find statistics . 
  i skipped the average word , so i read that the 736 was the total for 1996 to 2010 . 
  do you have a source ? 
  i reckon that this is a formulaic usage , not that each and every day this is a fire in some of the schools . 
  so it is simply that schools have to be ready to fight fire . 
  quite . 
  i suppose that might be , as you write `` some countries '' , but are you certain you are not mixing in schengen countries ? 
  let me laugh at what makes you despair . 
  were we so fortunate . 
  it was the `` everyday all year around '' that surprised me , what you say is about one a week , i still find it a high number , but without knowing more of what happens in other places i ca n't say anything . 
  irc if a country is not in schegen , its people need a passport to enter schengen space . 
   desperate people do desperate things . 
  swedes have little if any reason to claim despair , unless mental disease . 
   and to put things in perspective ; according to skolverket a school is put on fire everyday all year around but not much in the news about that . . really ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  now in most cases a fire happens , i suspect that the cause is usually non consequential : accidents or disgruntled students . 
    they are just paranoid , calling police on absolutely innocent guys , which it tragicomic . 
   is it so ? 
  it seems but natural that ` forced ' integration wo n't go smooth in some nations ... what forced integration ? 
  there is none at play at present in the czech republic . 
  the `` bulk populace '' , hoi polloi in uk ruling class parlance , has to decide with what the ruling class feed them . 
  since the ruling class is contrary to most of what the eu means , they tend to go against the eu even when it is better to them . 
  note also that the uk has a low social mobility . 
  then you might have a problem with british media . 
  i 've already made a comment ^ ( 1 ) on that , but the fact that it can is not a reason to employ it here since the main use is rather contradictory with that meaning . 
  ^ ( 1 ) https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3p3uq5/reurope_has_new_rules_please_read_them/cw359tf, 
  this is / r/europe , we discuss european matters , when a political party party call itself liberal , it is with the european meaning . 
  when a european media article talk of liberal policies , it is with the european meaning . 
  so i think that using the usa meaning in the comments causes confusion and should be avoided . 
   then again , if i discuss something political on here i use `` liberal '' with the meaning it has in the us . 
  well , all over europe liberal has not that meaning . 
  if you talk to europeans they will mostly miss your meaning . 
  then we get the money and not the traffickers . 
  afaik , special education schools are always excluded from pisa testing . 
  i do n't mean that this video is a nuisance , just that video is overused as simple text would transmit the information in a faster way in many instances . 
   when did franco die ? 
  sometime in the 70s ? 
  20 of november 1975 . 
  many people uncorked bottles of sparkling wine that day . 
  i do not confuse that . 
  the ruling class of the uk has for long been hostile to the eu . 
  personally , i feel that they have poisoned the discourse in the eu . 
  sometimes i think it is because we were free from protestants . 
  why , you 'll might ask , because protestantism brings a competition for which is the most rigid follower of the scriptures . 
  not that much different from hunting . 
  to me bull fighting is a ritualised form of ancient time big game hunting . 
  no , as a general principle i find that video is rather a nuisance . 
  and i rather believe that simply being separated has little impact .
