  no problem with that . 
  only pointed to it . 
  why should i ? 
  it does not represent me . 
  `` el periodico '' publish that the voting cup militants are 3577 . 
    many of them are algerian . 
  they did n't really want france , france did n't really want them  then wtf are they doing in france ? 
  france had invaded algeria in the xix century . 
  edit for format, 
   it 's not the responsibility of france to integrate them . 
  it 's their responsibility to integrate into france ... or go back to their homeland . 
  and fyi , germany has massive integration problems , too . 
  in my quarter german is a language that you hear seldomly on the streets . 
  it was not the responsibility of germany to integrate the jews . 
  it was their responsibility to integrate into germany , and having only one jewish grandparent was proof enough of their non integration and of the righteousness of their industrial murder . 
   ... or go back to their homeland . 
  the world would be a better place if germanic people never moved in the last 2000 years . 
   and fyi , germany has massive integration problems , too . 
  yes , when germans go to other places they are not easy to integrate . 
  edits : s/their responsibility/the jews responsibility / s/are no easy/are not easy /, 
   what the difference is between the average retirement age and effective retirent age , i do not know , as it depends on the statistical operations that give those values . 
  i would believe that effective is the best way to estimate it . 
  see the link by yourself : http://www.oecd.org/els/public-pensions/ageingandemploymentpolicies-statisticsonaverageeffectiveageofretirement.htm fast edit : they write average effective ... 
  are you aware that quite a few jews embraced terrorism in order to get the territory of what is now israel ? 
  we have not seen that . 
  at most , private schools in the uk have bad curricula . 
  but that is a uk craziness . 
  the good reason is that prices of housing are too high for the common unqualified briton . 
   the areas where refugees are coming from are backward theocratic countries where human rights do not exist , and people follow extreme versions of religions . 
  they do not respect western secular values . 
   i wish that was not the case , but it quite simply is . 
  you could say a similar thing of germany in the period 1933 to 1945 . 
  i do not have it at the moment , but the oecd has a study on efective retirent age in which greeks retired after germans until the crisis . 
  probably germanic people lived there before any slav came . 
  simply you are unable to understand the irony in / u/wowl0 commentary . 
  screening the corrupts would be a first step . 
  a competent and honest government . 
  why ? 
  so you are unable to differentiate between legitimate defence and murder . 
  nice to know . 
  if your gestor , or whatever it 's called , is dismissed , are you ok with him/her releasing your information ? 
  then if the guilty part releases them , duplicate the punishment . 
  in love ? 
  a digital photo . 
  you are forgetting reagan and bush the second . 
  yes , spain is a kingdom , but , in local parlance , the head of the government is called `` presidente '' . 
  not so simple . 
  working age people have emigrated a lot in recent months . 
  you go to the postal office and ask for it . 
  there is no condition beyond some time limit . 
  might be problematic when one is out of spain . 
   i guess many people have already left for christmas and not voting or voted by mail . 
  the administration can lodge them , but they can not force rising prices . 
   the most recklessly binge-drinking region in france is brittany , if memory serves me well , brittany was repopulated by celtic britons at the fall of the roman empire . 
  if they do n't have money , no . 
  yes . 
  1 % of 7 billions is 70 millions . 
  edit skipped 0 , i 'll claim the jb shot is responsible . 
  some people die before getting to reproductive age . 
   they 're not just on air right before spanish elections . 
  +1 right , note too that that trick was already used in previous elections . 
  they can find other sources of funding beyond oil . 
   el peri\u00f2dic d'andorra , the main newspaper of andorra , is done by el peri\u00f3dico de catalunya , which decided to use it to avoid the law . 
   this is no surprise as you all belonged to the kingdom of aragon . 
  once again the ignorance . 
  the kingdom of aragon was not the crown of aragon , but one of its two founding parts : the principality of catalonia and the kingdom of aragon . 
  there was not subordination of one respect to the other . 
  when it expanded to balearic islands and valencia , the new territories were given equal status so as to preserve the equality . 
   what proof do you have that catalunyans are second class citizens in modern day spain ? 
  that we are ? 
  ( btw , catalans in english , catalan and french , catalanes in spanish . ), 
  their leadership is problematical , and ciudadanos appeals to their voters . 
  their voters may come from the pp , but that party started quite sometime ago in catalonia , in 2005-2006 , under the name ciutadans , catalan for ciudadanos . 
  and if you look at 10 years , you see that volatility is high , so by itself oil price is not decisive . 
  edit forgotten link http://www.nasdaq.com/markets/crude-oil-brent.aspx?timeframe=10y, 
  about half of all doctors are women . 
  that 's why a doctor is required in this law . 
   male idea of controlling class . 
  say shut up or go out class . 
  boys imminently understand that they have to take lesson properly , girls either way understand it . 
  you never had to teach a class it seems to me . 
   we linked to applications in galicia , should be changed to `` the candidacies linked to podemos '', 
  you do not know , since you 're asking , and i do not know , so `` you and i '' equals `` we '' . 
  sorry , but apparently you do not understand that some people may have retreated from the economically occupied population . 
  meanwhile , contain your hunger . 
  and how many are in no wage ? 
  we ca n't know because it was censored . 
  yes . 
  i suppose it is a joke about some mistranslation . 
  i look at reality . 
  i think it is the opposite . 
  i never used `` far left '' . 
  well , that may harm them , but if they misuse antibiotics that may harm many other people because of increased resistance to them . 
  at the time it started , i doubt immigration there mattered at all , rather it was emigration . 
  can you point at some solid evidence ? 
  i notice you write systematically `` far left '' , while i never used that term but simply `` left '' . 
  one of the meaning of plot is an area of land . 
  from merriam-webster :  : an area of land that has been measured and is considered as a unit  : a usually small piece of land that is used for a particular purpose  : a series of events that form the story in a novel , movie , etc. 
  so possibly a bad translation for country . 
  like when people on reddit use clay .
