  i do not think thank ignorance is the right word . 
  the context matters a lot . 
  the ritual invocation of `` european '' values is only to use then against other people that since they are not europeans are deemed to have no such values . 
  which of course does not mean they would enact them with europeans . 
  then why care if they are not 16 ? 
   though they had the good sense to put ` hundreds ' in quotes, 
   on my history classes dark ages where the times during the colapse of roman empire to renaissance ( from 6th to 14th century ) . 
  i do not doubt of that , simply it is an ideological vision that does not fit with what historians think now . 
   it was mostly a fight to expel muslims out of iberia peninsula . 
  well , there were still muslims more that a century after the conquest of grenada . 
   nazi german was pure ignorance sorry but no . 
  it was genuine bad faith . 
  these mobs are self selected . 
   lots of fighting between religious and cultural groups in immigration centers , who says that asylum claimers are always liberals or left wing ? 
   you ca n't be against immigration if you are liberal . 
  unless liberal means something like dictatorship , that is true . 
  some are , probably , still the main use of these so-called values is to breach them when dealing with non-europeans . 
   and now we 've been dragged back by the jihadists first and now the nationalists as well . 
  i think you are misinformed , jihadist are a product of ukusa interference with muslim populated countries to keep them in backward terms . 
   ( e.g. 
  things like trial by jury ) i never liked juries . 
    thats a 2 way street and both sides did n't do their part . 
   i agree , 100 % . 
  well , that is a tautology . 
  i find it difficult to imagine a minority more integrated than jews in germany , still germans went murderous against them . 
   the spaniards ( and the portugueses ) who fought the reconquista were under christian influence and their views , which we all know what were , and we call it the dark ages . 
  sorry , your interpretation is incorrect . 
  first the dark ages is a name that historians reject for that period of time , second , the so-called reconquista was rather an haphazard process , in which in both sides it was quite frequent to fight against those of the same religion . 
  as an example m\u00edo cid fought for muslim kings against christian kings , and his last battle was defending muslims from other muslims . 
   the spaniards who fought the reconquista ? 
  is a post fact reinterpretation . 
  so you do not believe the claims about nye in cologne ? 
   one for punching a plain-clothes policeman , and another for carrying brass knuckledusters , so not the kind of people you want as a neighbour . 
  do over 20 yo people deserve to be beaten ? 
  the tories are imitating the gop . 
  if they do not know the matter discussed , they are ignorant . 
  now if i have to decide on you , my decision is not to trust you . 
   some british people is not what i wrote . 
  rather that in aggregate britons will align with other europeans instead of usa citizens . 
   or am i missing something here ? 
  is your country top dog ? 
  that . 
  for one thing , canadians , australians and new zealanders are more europeans than people from the usa . 
  of course the fact they are recent splits from the uk make them more familiar to you . 
  however on the aggregate , and afaict , people from the uk will agree more with people from the rest of europe than with people from the usa . 
  depending on the situations , you may have found that most europeans had one position and usa-ians had another not quite the same . 
  well , afaik , productivity grows about 2 % per year , so really the exact number of people does not matter in economical terms , but there are other considerations to worry about . 
  for many commentators here in / r/europe these may easily be the overriding aspect . 
  were you to the usa ? 
  because that be when you 'd notice the differences and commonalities . 
  when big corporations get better tax regime than local sme and workers , it destructs competition , at a minimum . 
   would rather tax other stuff instead . 
  what `` stuff '' would you tax ? 
  ( apart from the 99.5 % ), 
   so what , banks should offer loans in plns if they do n't want to ? 
  if they can not give loans in the local currency they should not give them in a foreign currency , as that exposes the borrower to more risks , risks that the borrowers are less apt to perceive than banks . 
   no child benefits . 
  well , that will incentive european to have more kids . 
  it would not surprise me if there was no islamic terrorism before the usa thought it intelligent to ise it against the su . 
  there might have been nationalist terrorism from muslim countries . 
  i prefer sidney sierota . 
  i am quite disapointed by his late changes . 
   we 're pretty far away of brazil , well , france has a border with brazil , with french guyana . 
  which happens to be where they make space launches . 
  for brazil it makes sense to use these facilities , even if with time they may get their own ( of course maybe they have some . 
  idk ) . 
  afaict , they 'd agree , but i think it is ideological coincidence rather than influence . 
  if someone point that revolver at you in order to get you to give your money , the revolver will not have done any harm . 
  ( by the way , it is permission , not premonition ) well , according to oecd , there are some 50 % more homcides in poland than in spain http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/, 
  are you aware that the uk was the main champion of fast entry for all these countries ? 
   it is on the news not that often . 
  i 'd bet that most instances are never reported . 
  neither politicians like those of the pp that have been detained for corruption in spain are good for europe , but , hey , they are anti-ch\u00e1vez , ... 
   all legal in poland , 0 abuse . 
  how do you know they are never abused ? 
   `` what belongs to everybody , belongs to nobody and nobody takes care of it '' . 
  what degenerated way of thinking . 
  no wonder you are in a bad shape . 
   i 'm interested , which of the 3 rights you want to do away with to make for a better society ? 
  afaict there is no reason to renounce to any of them , unless you want them , as an example but not the only one possible , to justify poisoning kids with lead because it makes business sense . 
   our wages in the 50s and 60s were also greatly overvalued because of lack of competition in other industrialized nations while they rebuilt . 
  in the 70s we started to need to actually compete with the rest of the world . 
  what a silly way to think , if that is what you think and are not parroting what your master want . 
   a few weeks went by and then it was forgotten . 
  i don \u00b4 t think a single politician spoke out about the attack , which is baffling . 
  you find baffling that the acts of a mentally ill individual are not perpetual news ? 
   strangely im not hearing about that . 
  double murder in an ikea store in sweden ? 
  guess that should be reported on , shouldnt it ? 
  it was reported , and it was quite commented here . 
   latvia is a nice country . 
  low crime , in 2010 there were more than triple the number of homicides than in sweden . 
   when antifa was more or less created by the labour party , i source ? 
  so you are ok with the people that join daesh . 
   i doubt americans just shoot any policeman who turns up at their door . 
  rather usa citizens are shoot by their police . 
  because many of these problems were thown on them ? 
  so you do not understand sarcasm . 
  nice . 
   the genocide only ended when ussr supported vietnam invaded .
