  but then people like you are here to ensure the worst is what happens . 
  and ? 
  at present it is 75 % , a 5 % increase in 80 years is not that big , nor newsworthy at that . 
  the finns are fans of austerity , they crave it . 
  they were adamant that we in spain had to follow their austerity cult , i for one wo n't be sorry for them to taste their own folly . 
  please , use `` debt '' , `` dept '' if usually an abbreviation for department , that makes it confusing . 
  see . 
  a perfect example of cameronian lapdog , or kennel dog . 
   uk provides legal support for poor people i do n't know the details , but since the parents are not uk citizens , i doubt that will be true , if it is , for them in a short time , as cameron policies are to ensure the poor stay that way , an moreso it not natives, 
   the generation who lost contact to the hard work which was necessary to accomplish such wealth was a long time ago , very few people go from rags to riches by hard work alone , if any . 
  please , if you 're the author , format the name of the countries so they 're right-justified like the numbers , that 'll enhance the readability . 
   we will see the effect of `` no austerity '' not really , as there are more things at play . 
  please put the straight link , not a shortened link . 
  i like to know where i 'm going . 
  what i wrote is history . 
  if the pound is strong , it 's because the boe forces it . 
  the british industry was dismantled by the british government , that gave priority to the interests of the city . 
  why would i care about madrid ? 
  why would i approve of the contamination of madrid ? 
  and note that `` madrid '' did not ask to weaken the eu air pollution laws , which affect much more than the uk , or madrid . 
  the big fish from europe has always been one with them . 
  what they want is to squish the greek people , not because they 're greeks of course , but because it is the starting point . 
  rather than free speech , a notion akin to flat earth to be sure , that poster said what you want , and you are knowledgeable enough that it can deceive people that are not as astute as yourself , which , too , is fine with you . 
  fptp can , and does , give parliament composition that are very far from citizen vote . 
  that in itself is enough to disqualify it for any serious matter . 
  whatever the british people vote , does not affect the logical truth of what i 've just written . 
  some of these are unavoidable , what the oligarchs want is to ensure they 'll still be on top . 
  so what if shipping is now taxed ? 
  it 's a trade-up for them . 
  these economists are exposing that the whole business is crazy . 
    so no matter how many immigrants the voter roll will not change . 
   i was not aware that it is no longer possible to obtain citizenship in europe . 
  to get citizenship is a long process , and most immigrants either go away or either are not interested in it or do not qualify . 
  now they still have to pay taxes !!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  how funny , is n't it ? 
  we have come a long way from the claim of no taxation without representation . 
   i did n't vote conservative . 
  i just try not to slander the other side , because they are politically viable . 
  what is the meaning of politically viable ? 
  that they can find people that vote them ? 
  not a particularly good way to decide if the deserve or not to be called upon their purpose . 
   if tory voters are just selfish then i guess i have free reign to call you an idiot . 
  tory voters may not be simply selfish , they may be evil too , in the sense they do not care if their votes harm other people . 
  might it be they relish that last aspect . 
  anyways , give free reins to your want of calling me idiot , i rather be an idiot than go with such a bunch . 
   some european countries do allow foreign residents to vote . 
  well , if their own citizen are reciprocated , why not ? 
  are foreign residents exempts from following the laws , laws they do not have voted ? 
  and they 're forced to pay taxes without representation !!!!, 
   not only that , immigration reshapes the composition of future voting demographics , usually to the benefit of left-wing parties . 
  most immigrants go back to their country of origin , or a third country , before being eligible for citizenship . 
  that apart , so what ? 
   for example , the oft-cited fact that the last democratic president of the united states to win the white vote was johnson . 
  but not because of immigration . 
  the main reason is that `` whites '' have less kids , and those that dare marry a non-white have kids that are not considered whites . 
   one would have to be very naive not to think that psephology was a motivating consideration for inviting mass immigration . 
  frankly , when one is aware that the main parties that wanted immigration have been on the right , that sound quite an attempt to retcon reality to get the votes of the rubes . 
   i do n't get the point of having a democracy if the winning party can just engineer a massive change in the electorate . 
  well , gerrymandering and first past the post are much more efficient . 
   which other nationalistic party from the past has some commonalities with putin 's united russia ? 
  all of them !, 
   ( it was more of a joke ) . 
  or a way to discriminate against people that you want to abuse . 
  yeah , money matters more than people is much more popular here . 
  fact is , no . 
  and what if somebody did lie a generation ago ? 
  the people in charge have changed , to the great chagrin of their partner in crime all over europe . 
  in japan ^ 1 immigrants can vote in every election ? 
  here no . 
  so no matter how many immigrants the voter roll will not change . 
  ^ 1 supposing from the flair that you 're japanese , as guomindang does n't look very japanese to me , rather chinese . 
   so you think companies think that hiring workers is n't a valuable use of their resources ? 
  well , usually you see shares going up when companies fire lot of people . 
  big shareholders like that , and management frequently gets bonuses when shares go up , apart from the fact they often get shares or options on them . 
  which world i live ? 
  this one where workers , those that still are employed , get cuts of 0.47 % because of a crisis while management gets 4 % rises . 
  lower wages cause lower social mobility , in case you are not aware on how this society works . 
  any money saved in regulation will go in the profit account , not on the workers wages , and the workers will enjoy worse condition of life that can be damaging in subtle but deadly ways . 
   is it so hard to say that the economists they surveyed are incapable of making good predictions ? 
  yes . 
  it is tantamount that they are [ know-nothing ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/know-nothing ) . 
  prejudice is king amongst the right wingers . 
  yeah , ... the uk is the western country with the less social mobility . 
  so they copy the strategy of the usa gop , making a mountain of a molehill . 
  all the while `` first past the post '' and redistricting are much worse distortions of the people vote . 
  that article is purely an attack of those economists that do not toe the line the oligarchs want . 
   to be reasonable about politics . 
  in your mind is to follow unquestionably your boss . 
  no , thanks , or rather no thanks . 
  behind spain , france , netherlands , norway , switzerland , italy , etc. 
  and that would take a turn to the worse if air quality is damaged , do you understand ? 
  oh the stupid , why not start a different way to do things ? 
   workers for cheaper than before . 
  means  wo n't benefit the workers . 
  except in the mind of a frustrated slaver . 
   they do n't want to lose jobs in major sectors like coal , and the gov will suffer if they 're seen as driving working class coal miners out of business . 
  thatcher had no problem with suppressing coal miners jobs . 
   the current limits are not feasible for a city this large then suppress that city . 
  when a tumor grows you do n't say : hey , i 've to keep feeding it , you cut it out . 
  well , the guy is a selfish moron , just does n't like to be called such .
