  liberal in the classical economic sense . 
  the original meaning btw . 
   honestly , how different is it to spanish ? 
  is it las similar as scotts and english , or as different as say gaelic and english ? 
  catalan vs castilian is nearer to scotts vs english , as both are from late latin . 
  written they 're probably more similar . 
  spoken , a catalan that would not know castilian would understand castilian easier than the reverse . 
   that is simply not true . 
  the overall proportion of people with college degrees is about 12.6 % ( 2011 ) . 
  and of these how many are from well to do families ? 
  if you are born in a well to do family you are almost certain to go to college , as you will have more resources to study . 
  these people do not need to emigrate to get a job , as family connections can provide it . 
  two notes : * also that at birth there are naturally more boys than girls , iirc about 105 new born boys for 100 newborn girls . 
  * these countries are quite younger than european countries ^ 1 , syrians median age is 22.73 , germany is 51.06 , france 46.7 , uk 46.96 . 
  ^ 1 http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/people/age-distribution/median-age, 
   something tells me that adding eastern europen nations to eu was way to descrese france and uk importance imo the eastern european entry to the eu was accelerated because the ** uk ** ^ 1 want to destroy the eu . 
  note that you say france but forget italy and spain , which are usually aligned with france motu proprio . 
  ^ 1 to be sure it is the uk ruling class ... 
    ( even though only 11 % of the emigrants have a college degree ) . 
   is this lower than portugal in general ? 
  if so this sounds like this is a mostly working-class exodus . 
  would that be a fair assumption to make ? 
  a good deal of people with college degrees are from well situated families that will provide them with a well paying job . 
  these have little reason to emigrate . 
  [ long scale ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_and_short_scales ) . 
   about stopping the depletion of bank liquidity . 
  no , that is not the purpose of capital control . 
  that in a crisis a government can implement capital controls and cash-drawing limits are two different things . 
  i think you misread me . 
  the minor problem is when money enter the country , as long as it remains in it long term . 
  greece is in a bad shape for other reasons . 
  you are confusing the eu with real life businesses . 
  so you do not understand fiat money . 
  what would have that of strange ? 
   do you have asperbers ? 
  do you not understand human interaction ? 
  your comment is highly suggestive that you do n't . 
   ( see ? 
  it 's not so nice ) asperger ? 
  not me that i know , i do know other people who have it . 
  for sure i 'm no smoothtalker , i do not like to lie . 
  that number is for money to be taxed , so by definition pre-tax . 
  in the usa that is quite a lot of money , afaict almost 90 % of people earn less . 
  last year median income was at less than 55000 $ . 
  please , note that it is individual income , not household . 
  capital controls is about taking money out of the country ( or into the country , but that is usually a minor problem if you can avoid it going out as soon as there is a bump ) . 
  because switzerland has billions in stolen african fortunes ? 
   they have true democracy after all . 
  true democracy has no borders , switzerland has borders , switzerland is not a true democracy . 
  you can not be part of the ecb without being part of the eu , but not the reverse , as the uk demonstrate . 
  the roman empire worked in this way ( publicans ) for a time , that did not work and in the end it was destroyed . 
   july is the month that had record layoffs because of the capital controls . 
  that 's crazy , capital control has little to do with employment except when capital exits the country . 
  i took punching as metaphorical , like passing the card into a reader/printer . 
  i suppose that in a near future rf-id card would be usable , but afaik that is not operative anywhere . 
   you vote for a candidate from a party , that 'll be in a uni-nominal circumscription , like in the uk , in finland , since they use [ d'hondt rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%27hondt_method ) , they seem to vote for a party list . 
  the money left greece a long time ago , much before the crisis in fact . 
   80000 euros makes you wealthy in finland ? 
  wow . 
  where do you live that if you earn a minimum of 80000 $ per year it is little money ? 
   how something forced can be solidarity ? 
  because it does the good without been a tax on the good people . 
   it is ok to be charitative with other people 's money ? 
  it is not being charitable . 
  it is being just , something that you seem unable to fathom . 
  and it is not other people money , it is the government money . 
  do you really prefer a world in which bad people live in comfort while good people suffer ? 
   apparently buying the daily pass is not enough , you have to punch it through when on the bus ; where are you from that this is not the norm ? 
  how do you know that they were not threatened with death if they remained there ? 
  since when a right winger is not proud of being tough to people in distress ? 
  a crook !, 
  no that is not it . 
  but it is nor worse than the swiss attitude . 
  take it as legitimate defense . 
  i would not care about entering it , i would care in not allowing anything entering or exiting it . 
  not paying a 0.1 % gdp , if that , is the same that having paid 10 % gdp and still paying it ? 
  to start while i reside in catalonia , i 'm form majorca , and fact is both autonomous communities paid more than enough for a long time and are still paying . 
  it seems to go to the pockets of people somewhere but not to the people they should . 
  afaik the only autonomous community with more income that contributes the least is euskadi . 
   the eu forced us to shut it down . 
  you mean it was dangerous to keep operating ? 
  or are you inventing that ? 
  the eu does not forbid nuclear energy per se . 
  finland is building one . 
  your countries at present and for the foreseeable future are net receivers . 
  asking you to help with a minuscule part is not hypocrisy , complaining as you do is undiluted egoism . 
   countries joined the eu to benefit not to have burdens dropped onto them . 
  so welfare shopping at country scale . 
  no , the eu is about mutuality , not about some backward country leeching other countries . 
  the more you talk , the more evident that you were allowed too soon in the eu , maybe the uk championed your entry because she expected that would poison the eu . 
   because i despise people who breaks the law , in this case through unpaid labour . 
  well , in oxfam case it is a grey situation , as it is a non-profit that uses volunteers . 
  many for-profits do worse , as they use unpaid interns to reduce costs . 
   if amazon is more convenient and accessible than traditional bookstores , then so be it . 
  how many hat shops survive in your city ? 
  and video rentals ? 
  rather non sequitur al you put here . 
  to start with the less relevant , we no longer use hats in the quantities of the past , a quite far past . 
  video has been substituted by other technologies . 
  amazon on the other side relies on abusing their workers , and so breaking the law .
