   uk could actually collapse the eu how ? 
   brexit would mean that one of the most important countries inside eu has lost faith . 
  afaict , the uk never had faith in the eu , rather hostility . 
  before your country entered the eu there was some discussion on what to give priority , extending the eu or deepening it , iirc the uk wanted your entry asap , which prompted the opinion that she expected your entry to be toxic to the eu project . 
   by the way , you do not really chose your religion . 
  for most people it is the direct product of being the offspring of their parents . 
   yeah , that does n't make it okay . 
  and it makes it racism to go against people because of their religion . 
  so what , you do know what the expression `` a fate worse that death '' meant ? 
  as a pre-adolescent i read a book on sexuality , the text commented that in xix britain , some doctor practiced a fgm on a girl because she masturbated . 
   yup , and i hold absolutely no criticism of christianity or judaism back . 
  absolutely no-one has ever referred to me as a racist for this , or a `` christianophobe '' or anything else . 
  i openly mock christianity and its ridiculous beliefs and i have done so for years with no consequences . 
  only islam is given protection from this kind of criticism . 
  that is what you believe , not the reality . 
  in the present situation whatever you say about christianity will be discounted by most . 
  and going against judaism because of what is written in they holly books will imply you are an antisemite . 
  by the way , you do not really chose your religion . 
  for most people it is the direct product of being the offspring of their parents . 
   also , incidentally , as a non - ~ ~ muslim ~ ~ jew , there are quite a few passages in the ~ ~ quran ~ ~ bible which show that ~ ~ islam ~ ~ judaism might have something against me rather than the other way around . 
  i guess we 'll ignore those for convenience ? 
  in case you are not aware . 
   the mutilation of young girls ' genitals is merely one of them . 
  in africa it is practiced by other populations that are not islamic , even by christians iirc . 
   sadly the fundamental incompatibility between ~ ~ islam ~ ~ judaism and our liberal societies seems to escape most people . 
  far too long we have given that hateful , intolerant person cult the blanket of religious freedom . 
  because you do know what is in the bible ? 
   liberals in a british sense are supposed to be for free speech in europe , `` liberal '' started as the opposite of feudal in politics , of religious dogma in thinking , so that is not a british thing . 
  of course that made it relatively a leftist position , as they were against the established powers , and imo this the reason of its usa meaning . 
  edit : s/no a br/not a br / edit : added imo, 
   al andalus was an incredible cultural centre , but they ruled the land through the conquest of the territory , the conquest of spain was the produce of the division of the visigoths , one of whose factions allied with the muslim rulers at the other side of the gibraltar strait . 
  many visigoth nobles converted . 
  not that different from when these visigoths came three centuries before , except that now the superior culture was the one of the invaders . 
   how is spain treating descendants from that time , sephardi jews are receiving spanish nationality while muslims do n't . 
  sephardim have been a endogamic group , and had remained separated from the population of the places they went to live . 
  otherwise only those that have proof of coming from spain are eligible . 
  moriscos on the other side mixed with the locals and the link with spain was dissolved . 
  i suspect the problem here is the over-zealousness of some immigration officers . 
  the present king of spain had some trouble when a prince a few years ago while only in transit via the usa . 
  it will depend on what is the reasonable ground for the individual to think to be infected . 
   also `` lack of knowledge does n't protect from punishment '' you are confusing that with `` ignorance of the law is no excuse '' ^ 1 . 
  if you do not know you have aids you can not be guilty when transmitting it . 
  ^ 1 and even that has its exceptions . 
  or a tourist . 
  or a sailor , sailors are not tourists but travel a lot . 
  the military too should be considered in this case . 
  i 'd be more worried about tourists . 
  edit : at the moment this comment is at zero . 
  and it is a statement about a fact : a tourist can go from one side of the world to the other in about a day , so under the incubation time of many infectious diseases , and so be contagious to a lot of people without any sign of the disease . 
  and there are millions of tourists all over the world . 
  would you pay them more ? 
  or it is by fooling them ? 
  social mobility is higher in france than in the uk . 
  rather a majority of them . 
  and not necessarily motu proprio . 
  quite a few , additionally , will be from parties that the fptp system deprives of parliamentarian weight , and in consequence their voters . 
   the refugees are not going to want to live there . 
  they are not supposed to do that , if i read correctly , it is a temporary setting until a stable residence is decided . 
   parents also bragged that things happened so fast , so they were looking for a pretext i gather . 
   hippocracy much ?!, 
  hippocracy is ruling by horses . 
   just look at what unity did to greece . 
  i was not unity that did the harm , as there was none but the out of reason austerity policies . 
  edit : ps : probably you confuse unity with uniformity . 
  all the commerce between south korea and the eu conforms to eu standards . 
   it was never meant to be a political one , which dictates its members what to do . 
  why do you think they claimed to seek an ever closer union ? 
  if they had wanted a simple economical alliance then they would have gone to efta . 
   in fact , net neutrality has never existed because some companies have more servers and resources to peovide information than others . 
  that is not net neutrality , talk about not knowing what one says !, 
  net neutrality is that the carrier does not discriminate by content , by receiver or by sender . 
  every bit is transferred the same . 
  well , in a sense it is a bad rendering from my part , when i wrote `` that want the eu to be a free-trade area '' i mean that that would be all the eu would be if they got their wishes . 
  and that would made it unavoidable that the people of the eu went into misery . 
  and yes , a non integrated eu is bad for the common people and good for the proverbial 1 % . 
   and meps are n't really in the position to go against the commission . 
  especially because some member states oppose such power for the ep . 
   eu is not democratic in any form . 
  it is one of the reasons eu does not work . 
  the eu is no less democratic than its member states . 
  its failings come from the systematic attitude of hostility from the countries that do vote only for the 1 % , also known as those that want the eu to be a free-trade area . 
  most of the contribution a member state does to the eu budget goes back to it . 
  to be sure he was sent to prison . 
  now some criticisms are pretty biased by nationalist interests . 
  if it is bad for sales that means less people are smoking since they 're not buying . 
  which is the purpose of these laws . 
  yes , i 'm fully aware of that , and of a lot of other greyish deals . 
  and it is good that it be so . 
   packaging wo n't do shit . 
  this is not a solution . 
  then why do tobacco corporations care ? 
  i think he meant hypocrisy . 
  which does not fit the present discussion , as it would be to talk against death penalty while practicing it . 
  are you aware that criminal activities pay a lot ? 
  but not than quite a few other people that have much less wealth . 
  as you say , once . 
   how a partnership could only lead to losses as described in the conclusion of the paper . 
  since the losses are not to the big money , they 're fine to the big money people . 
  that 's why they insist on suppressing non tariff barriers as they are the only protection of the low wealth people . 
   we have millions of homeless and poor eu citizens , let 's take care of our own citizens first before importing millions of poor non-citizens .
