  and you know that perfectly . 
  you are fine with your local criminals acting against people because of prejudice . 
   `` aussiedler '' , ethnic germans who have a right to be here in the first place . 
  lol . 
   and some of us would n't mind seeing pegida thugs kick your teeth in . 
  and then you claim to be better than immigrants . 
   east bloc people fleeing a collapsing soviet union are not comparable to syrian or somalian refugees why ? 
  the relevant paragraphs : `` our state apparatus had been contaminated by the troika , very , very badly . 
  let me give you an example . 
  there is something called the hellenic financial stability facility , which is an offshoot of the european financial stability facility [ efsf ] . 
  this is a fund that contained initially $ 50 billion -- by the time i took over it was $ 11 billion -- for the purpose of recapitalising the greek banks . 
  this is money that the taxpayers of greece have borrowed for the purpose of bolstering the banks . 
  i did n't get to choose its ceo and i did n't get to have any impact on the way it ran its affairs vis-\u00e0-vis the greek banks . 
  the greek people who had elected me had no control on how the money they had borrowed was going to be used . 
  `` i discovered at some point that the law that constituted the efsf allowed me one power , and that was to determine the salary of these people . 
  i realised that the salaries of these functionaries were monstrous by greek standards . 
  in a country with so much hunger and where the minimum wage has fallen to $ 520 a month , these people were making something like $ 18,000 a month . 
  `` so i decided , since i had the power , i would exercise that power . 
  i used a really simple rule . 
  pensions and salaries have fallen by an average of 40 % since the beginning of the crisis . 
  i issued a ministerial decree by which i reduced the salaries of these functionaries by 40 % . 
  still a huge salary , still a huge salary . 
  you know what happened ? 
  i got a letter from the troika , saying that my decision has been overruled as it was insufficiently explained . 
  so in a country in which the troika is insisting that people on a $ 300-a-month pension now live on $ 100 , they were refusing my cost-cutting exercise , my ability as a minister of finance to curtail the salaries of these people . '', 
  while el mundo can say true things , i would not use it as a source . 
  if i 'm to bet , they have used data elaborated by the pp government , and are more than suspicious . 
  for sure , contrary data are usually done with help from the catalan government , but i feel they 're nearer to the truth as they want to convince people of something that is not the common wisdom . 
  i 'm talking of you . 
  that i definitely do not want any ruling me . 
  fenrir ... who would have thought . 
  i think nazis are worse , and they killed a lot of roma . 
  typical talk of an individual without any culture beyond paleolithic . 
  not very intelligent from you . 
  if you 're ever scammed , do n't ask me for help . 
  it is quite a possibility . 
  the treaty of rome has in its motivation the `` ever closer union '' , which is what makes it interesting for the common people . 
  the uk ruling class is only interested in the `` free trading area '' aspects , which are most interesting to that same ruling class , and that ruling class hates anything that helps the common man . 
  most of the moves by cameron show that , as he has said many times that the `` ever closer '' reference should be erased . 
   if the rich regions ( e.g. 
  madrid ) would be independent they would not have to share the money with poorer regions . 
  well , while in the present madrid is quite developed , most of its wealth is consequence of madrid being the capital of the state . 
  getting independent would be cutting the source of its wealth . 
  and is worsened by the measures of austerity . 
  and less people like you . 
  yes . 
  germans look like the salafists of isis that killed people because they did not follow ramadan , which in case you 're not aware is a measure of austerity . 
   well it 's syriza 's fault for daring to even try to fight back against an abusive lover . 
  that a tyrant you speak about . 
  people that serve tyrants deserve no respect . 
  but then what do you know about been oppressed ? 
   trust from people with money in the greek economy . 
  trust of the tax fraudsters ? 
  of the corrupt individuals that had engineered the deficit and debt of the country for longer that they returned to democracy ? 
   managed to destroy the trust that was around . 
  the trust was never there for syriza to destroy it . 
  the so called trust was that the greek politicians previous to syriza were corrupt and in the pocket of people that formed the troika and were more than willing to pact against the interest the people they were supposed to serve . 
  as for your graphic , who had more money in greece ? 
  the people that were against syriza . 
  the people that had not paid taxes and wanted to avoid paying them . 
  in fact greece had a higher rate of interest , as she was considered a risky investment , and while entry in the euro might have meant a reduction in those rates , the knowledge should have been there . 
  the lender were acting recklessly . 
  why ? 
  both languages are diachronic dialects of proto-indo-european , and both received ego at the start . 
   i ca n't help thinking `` i '' is such a basic word it 's unlikely to be borrowed , but apparently it happened with `` ego '' from latin to greek , so i suppose it 's at least possible . 
  not that i know , ego is as originally latin as in greek , as it comes from proto-indo-european * eghom . 
  yes it is long , usually on tv they pass a shorter version , and let know that a full version is on the web . 
  and yes , it is dakota johnson . 
  they 've been doing that kind of ads for a few years now . 
  one of a beer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd5nuhrb_ys&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
   i think it 's a good idea that they stopped pointing fingers to the news articles they were rebuting , then how do you know why they say something ? 
  should lies be allowed to go and fill the news space ? 
  i mean that the fact that uk fought against nazi germany is not in itself enough to warrant the idea that no briton share the same kind of worldview . 
  just like in other countries . 
  understand that the uk did not so much fight nazism but the fact that germany under nazism was about to get a powerful empire rival to the british empire . 
  an awful lot of people in the uk liked nazism as such . 
  there are only 1440 minutes a day . 
  everybody that cares about getting music from internet is already doing so . 
  it is not irony but sarcasm . 
  it 's not / u/arathian idea . 
  now on purely biological terms i do not expect to see much differences . 
  at most some y-haplotypes and mitochondrial haplotypes . 
  thanks . 
  are you not mixing it with the eu getting a cut on income taxes ? 
  the incompetence of you government is no such a thing , but an expression of the fact that you , as a people , lack understanding of real life . 
  you are slowly transitioning into a neo feudal order . 
  at present , and 2016 is not that far away in time , the disparity in income and wealth make that rather dubious . 
  too high for some , and possibly less than local rate in other , and then , who would collect it ? 
  states depend in a significant part on vat collected in their territory , allowing another entity to get that money would not be welcome . 
  since the eu gets a cut on vat , it might be the one to collect , but would that collected amount be reduced from which state apportation ? 
  no , simply you 'll pay the vat established in your country . 
  i think it is the same with local sales taxes in the usa when you buy via internet . 
  and you are as dense as a piece of depleted uranium . 
  edit s/a a/as a / too many beers, 
  it is interesting that people that claim there is no right to be forgotten do not use their own name . 
  you are practicing nazism no matter how you deceive yourself into it . 
  i 've no faith that wasteland countries will be really up to the level of present western countries in two or three generations . 
  rather western countries will devolve into wastelands . 
  some tolerance is in order . 
  no , but since it surged from it , liberal democracy ( ld ) does n't protect against it , so ld is far from perfect .
