  i 've just seen an article in publico.es about it , it seems that there no irregularity in it . 
   i never understood all of the unity between left wing politics and islam . 
  you can not understand what does not exist . 
  what you put is a fallacy claimed by people who deceitfully claim that respect for alien cultures and religions is akin to their endorsement . 
  that sentence is originated by people that stoked the fire of intolerance in countries where islam was dominant in order to fight the possibility of leftist governments . 
  the white lines are not rivers . 
  talk about yourself . 
  probably you are a member of the well heeled class , so you do n't care . 
   a little less social mobility is not correct . 
   we tend to keep ourselves in check . 
  rather your owners have well caught your measures and have been able to maintain you in a subordinate position . 
  it is not for nothing that the uk is the western european country with less social mobility . 
  like that makes it fine . 
   medieval europeans ? 
  i was not aware that the xx century was part of the middle age . 
  not more than the european world . 
  europeans went industrial to kill jews . 
  fifty percent of the median . 
  the median is the value that has one half of the people earning more , and the other half earning less . 
  afaict the median is under the per capita average , so in poland that poverty index would be for people earning less than 7000 $ . 
  since it says household , it seems to me that is divided by the number of individuals in the household . 
  productivity has been growing at a 2 % for a long time now . 
  the main problem , especially in the usa , is that this growth has not been shared over all the population . 
  you mean rise until most poor are dead so only rich people get a pension . 
  you are forgetting that there are less old people than young people . 
  maybe you are not aware that people die ? 
  the chart says that it is those that are under half the median equivalised household income . 
  no doubt . 
   their shared anti-americanism . 
  maybe what they share it that the usa are against them . 
  depending on what is your fortune . 
  seven years ago i was not seeing people going into garbage bins to look for something to live , now it is a daily sight . 
  the immigrants think in terms of the country of origin . 
  if there 100 euro is a lot , they will think that being paid 1100 euro is fine even if they have to pay 1000 euro to live . 
  would you prefer stalin ? 
   nevermind the fact that the only reason healthcare is so expensive here in the first place is artificial inflation due to federal subsidies from earlier healthcare bills ( medicare and medicaid ) . 
  please stop , i 'll die laughing . 
   they just want the freedom to spend it as they choose . 
  they can , as long as they pay the due taxes . 
  for the rest , most of them are dumb , and that is being euphemistic . 
  when jews were expelled by the catholics kings of spain , in 1492 , most of them went to countries where islam was dominant , often under ottoman rule . 
  most lived there until either the nazis killed them ^ ( 1 ) or israel was founded ^ ( 2 ) . 
  ^ ( 1 ) like in salonika , greece . 
  ^ ( 2 ) like most of those that lived in morroco . 
  you are aware that most unpleasant researchs are not published ? 
  a little late to move beyond antibiotics . 
  we have already selected bacteria that can resist the last line of antibiotics and that can transfer that resistance to other bacteria . 
  like mad cows . 
  trust the people that want money . 
  not . 
  you mean that northern europeans are not able to outgrow nazism ? 
   any history book . 
  how 's education in your country ? 
   about whatever mao said ? 
  any will certainly not do , did your history books while in school relate everything on the shah jehan ? 
  never seen anyone claiming that tom cruise , john travolta and many other were not integrated . 
  germany had no minimum wage until recently . 
  a syrian christian has a stronger edge to get asylum . 
  anyone that is in the know know that . 
  neutral journalism is a recent fad that can not last when subject to financial strictures . 
  not with riot gear . 
  the fact that you do not understand it is worse . 
  is there a real difference between a millionaire patrician and a millionaire noble of the end of xviii century when these terms were coined , or a millionaire in a capitalistic country ? 
  do you think that a state that can not get funds to fulfill its needs is functional ? 
  when done in the way it has been here , yes . 
  they have masculinity as a big thing , they defend what they consider their nation . 
  so what ? 
   police knew a large number of people would be out on nye . 
  no watercannons or large police formations were prepared , no force was used . 
  where you live , do police go to festive public celebration in riot control gear ? 
  only people with a job worth doing have wages . 
  and lets remember that only people with a job have salaries . 
  the barbarians make the expenses necessary and the right wingers did not want to pay for them . 
   trying to destroy both your national defense and masculinity because war and testosterone are toxic . 
   trying to destroy both your national defense and masculinity because war and testosterone are toxic . 
  less than she receives . 
  yearly contributions by poland are under 4 billions euros . 
  in europe liberals are right wing , not fascist for sure but still right wing . 
   you 're very ignorant about the marshall plan , european integration , your own country 's transition to democracy . 
  i learned of the range of the marshall plan from usa economists . 
  european integration was first and foremost initiative of europeans , sadly they allowed the uk to enter too soon . 
  i know quite well spain transition to democracy , i lived there at the time . 
   what is up with this emotional reasoning ? 
  they only oppose feelings when they are friendly . 
  fear and hate on the contrary are wonderful guides . 
  rome was sunk by right wingers that did not pay their taxes and barbarians . 
  you sound just like the preachers of daesh and al qa'ida . 
   from a western citizen to the eastern countries , save us . 
  speak for yourself . . 
  you are very ignorant about spain . 
  at the moment someone that is not me has downvoted you . 
  that means something . 
   no eu to democratize spain , no space for the catalan tongue . 
  that is unfounded . 
  we democratized before entering the eu predecessor . 
  and while the catalan language was not fully free , not that it is now in many instances , it was commonly used by people . 
  as for the rest , keep dreaming . 
  if he is not fascist , he is worse . 
  like jews ? 
   letting in 1-2 million asylum seekers illegally .
