  and you know that because ? 
  ( you will do everything to sabotage such assimilation , is it not ? ), 
  do you understand the meaning of data point ? 
  none is important by itself , it is their sum , and you added to it . 
  that slovaks are to be expelled from europe , physically , no slovak living in europe , not one !, 
  we already had enough with german nazism to allow another version . 
  downvotes should be because the post is defective on its reasoning , but people tend to downvote because they disagree with the content , or worse , the poster . 
  another data point that baltics are bad people . 
   there 's a lot of them in the roads going ~ ~ to ~ ~ through portugal right now . 
   have fun feeling righteous . 
  all the while doing the devil deed . 
  unfortunately in catalonia many , people from the rest of spain included , feel that rest of spain is a gangrenous , toxic , thing . 
  and that the only solution its to cut any tie . 
  which country are you from ? 
  fact is , yes . 
  what we certainly do not need is the baltic states . 
  probably because most immigrants are not easy to differentiate from locals , as they tend to come from nearby countries . 
  evil people look to evil people to find validation . 
  it is like if eichmann asked mengele if he was a nice guy . 
  another data point that czech are bad people . 
  because not even portuguese want to go to portugal , is n't it ? 
   the law is vastly out of step with what people want . 
  so recently as a century ago , most people died before coming of age , each death was mostly random , i 've come to see it as that the dim-witted took so many tickets in this lottery of death that they were culled from the general population , with healthcare these individuals are given a reprieve and now their lack of wit condemn us all . 
  not a pleasant thought to be sure . 
  some people do not understand that creating enemies is not wise . 
  maybe they think they 'll be always on top . 
  eastern european countries were less ready than greece to enter the eu , they need two or three generations for that to happen . 
  of course they know what has to be done , as that is the law , it is just they 're crooks . 
  as i wrote it is implicit , as you discard feeling for people as a rule of behaviour . 
  a murderer discards any feeling to the people it kills to get money . 
  at a minimum you think better them to suffer and to die than you to skip a pint . 
  not money , not at all ... 
  because you assume it is failing . 
  it is not failing . 
  what happens is that some people find it easy to appeal to primal fears from the less competent part of the population . 
  that is not failure but an attack . 
  yes , that is now , but the pp in state government was then . 
  as for he disparity between big cities and countryside , it is , afaict , a long history , as the same was the start of the ii republic . 
  at present the main reason is that countryside there are less people , and the d'hondt law plays its tricks , making third parties less relevant . 
  that is also why from the pp side there was a campaign to reduce the representatives in cortes and local parliaments , as that would favor them in a big way , and destroying small parties . 
  oh , it is not me that started , so it is defence , legitimate defence , very legitimate defence . 
  add to that they have a tradition of helping corrupts all over the world , why should not give it to them as they do unto others , me included ? 
  it shows that many people are unworthy . 
  well , i find it unfunny that when it is to help poor people , greece being paradigmatic , it is the voters over everything , but , now that it favors first and foremost big corporate interests , it is that the people will have its moment when we say so . 
  i am certain that finland governments had and have a strong hand in ensuring that . 
  they , not alone unfortunately , showed a complete lack of understanding of what is needed in a currency union . 
  so you 're not aware of the attempts by the cia to stop mossaddegh in iran and of the help they gave to the shah . 
  the help given to saddam hussein , etc. 
  mostly what i think . 
  i suspect that the fact that many on the left went with psoe = pp is responsible for that , former psoe voters disgusted with how they handled the crisis chose to abstain , as while they were not convinced of pp goodness , they felt that the fact that the psoe would no longer be in government would not change anything . 
  other would have voted for more leftist parties , but reckoned that if , as they were the apparent author , they were not able to see the difference they probably were not competent . 
  the left should have gone on a positive slogan , kind on `` the left is the solution '' . 
   we are simply allowing people a modicum of choice in where to spend their lives . 
  the comparison with colonialism misses the target at best and is merely insulting at worst . 
  a long as you allow for people without formation to come , else it is poaching . 
  apparently not in eastern europe . / s fact is the muslim world did change , but that was communism !!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  so the `` west '' helped the most anti-modern groups to get in power . 
  it was easier to them to get corrupt governments to do what they wanted , however things take a life on their own . 
  victorian britain is only a century ago , please , revise your chronology . 
  and the attitudes it had extended well into the xx century , and i daresay , this century . 
  culture changes faster than genes , but not that fast , do you understand that in fact most of mankind lived in feudal state until half the xx century ? 
  ( that is if one is an optimist ), 
  self interest if they 're wealthy , idiocy ^ 1 and imbecility ^ 2 for the rest . 
  otherwise , most of spaniards did not vote for them , it is the result of electoral laws ( d'hondt law , which favors big parties ) , division on the left and a very strong abstention . 
  ^ 1 idiocy is when your axioms do not fit reality . 
  from greek , idiotes , individual , particularly one that do not participate of politics . 
  ^ 2 imbecility is when while you can understand the reality , you defer to soundbites . 
  from latin , in + baculus , with a crutch . 
  i apply it to people that do not need that crutch . 
  first that is not that extended , second it is not limited to muslims , in some countries so do christians and animists . 
  third , fact is in victorian britain , some doctors recommended it to avoid that girls masturbated . 
  oh , why should you be explicit ? 
  half a million germans in a year go out of germany because they are under serious threat ? 
  or their houses and jobs were destroyed ? 
   file their asylum applicating from their home country . 
  you got to be really unthinking to write that . 
  do you think that the people oppressing them would let them ? 
  in fact lowlife like you would say that since they can do it from their country , they 're not under threat . 
  if it is `` failing '' it is because of people like you . 
  spoken like a genuine criminal . 
   it is more if they have children and a partner travelling with them . 
  let 's kill children ... 
   180 $ , that is more than the monthly income in most of the countries they come from . 
  and ? 
  life in germany is more expensive than in those countries . 
  try living with an euro a day as only income in germany . 
   withotu being of any benefit to the host country because they are not paying taxes . 
  i was not aware that the product of one 's work was worthless . 
  and you see , you unthinking puppet , they do pay taxes , as they pay vat on their consumption . 
  and the people that employ them make more money because they do not pay them the money they should , it is those that are really robbing your country . 
  you do know that it is not only the federal government that taxes people ? 
  that the states do it too , in a more regressive way to be sure . 
  then that most of these immigrants are not entitled to benefits ? 
  nah , your brain can not process that much information , better to stick to low content propaganda . 
   those `` hard working '' mexicans have cost our government trillions of dollars so far ? 
  what really has costed trillions are the wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  there are some 10 millions immigrants that do low wages jobs , they get no social security if they 're irregular ( but their bosses profit on that , good usa citizens them ) , and they produce more than they take , and whenever they consume they pay taxes . 
  where do you get your `` data '' ? 
  i believe that was struck down some years ago . 
  renewables are not that fluctuating as is claimed as to be a problem to the grid .
