   more than half of total eu 's yearly budget . 
  which demonstrates that the eu budget is too small . 
   have you considered that the the business ca n't contract another worker because they ca n't afford to pay that worker a salary under those circumstances ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  of course they can afford to pay a new worker , if they have a demand for the increase in production . 
  simply they have to factor in the severance payment as a deferred compensation . 
   that list does n't exist , and was never public to start with . 
  even if it happened to come out then it should n't - could n't - be put back in the bag again . 
  you said `` i think ** all data ** should be available to every citizen , not just a class of specialists . '', 
  all data , not only those that are already public . 
   if people are discriminated for that reason there are other laws to redress that injustice . 
  you have to be pretty deluded to believe that , as there may not be a way to know it . 
  in fact , no longer necessarily in the usa . 
  anyways that 's concern trolling . 
   i think all data should be available to every citizen , not just a class of specialists . 
  lets make available the list of people with std ... or aids . 
  yes , but in barcelona they rule over catalonia , like germany at present is ruling over the eu . 
  with the difference that the politicians in barcelona are elected all over catalonia ( with an overrepresentation of the rest ) while no german politician is elected by the rest of europeans . 
  afaik , the data are not expunged , simply you can not get at them by reference to your name . 
  journalists have a lot of resources to find them . 
  then people change over time , prejudices rarely . 
  a joke that my father told me : one man was walking leisurely , when an acquaintance came all excited , saying `` the jews killed jesus the christ '' , to which the man responds `` oh , that was two thousands years ago !, 
  nothing to get excited . '', 
  the other respond `` but i learned it today ! '' . 
  edited for grammar . 
  fine , yet the exact position is quite fluid and euskadi is still near the top . 
  ^ 1 as for the relation between money and nationalism , well given how important money is , it seems an important factor but not the main one . 
  ^ 1 one-upmanship at play , 
  is there difference between eu and germany ? 
  dmca is a compromise , as are most laws . 
  some countries have a more uniform teaching system and the exemptions are limited , but , for example , china does n't go as one country , but as shanghai , hong kong and macao . 
   being able to talk about a politician 's or a policy 's history and critique it . 
  letting someone block their background from being spread around conflicts with this . 
  afaict , the law has no bearing on non common people . 
  public figures can not take refuge in it for their public activities . 
  since they have `` big , expensive lawyers '' common people must make it political . 
   google is an american company , except when the matter is to pay taxes , then it is a bermuda company or some such . 
  +1 my thinking too . 
  i would say it as money matters more than common people , but it 's the same . 
   the dmca had totally unintended consequences . 
  when it was introduced , people claimed it was extremely restricted . 
  are you joking ? 
  these consequences were very as intended . 
  that some people made a claim in order for it to pass in no way means that extreme restriction is real . 
  oh , the greed . 
  i see that as a deferred compensation . 
  it is not your money , but the money generated by the business with the work of the employees . 
  if you have not already contracted another worker , it is because there is no more business to do in excess of the present level . 
  well , i should have put 4850 bc , the age of the oldest surviving structure in the map . 
  in case it 's not clear , by 4850 bc sea level rise had ended for millennia , as there were no more ice sheets to melt since the end of the ice age . 
  you 're forgetting with the limit of one year of salary . 
  not necessarily as that can be all we have got to know . 
   eu countries are already subject to over 1,400 isds clauses . 
  they are very standard in free trade agreements . 
  most of them should be suppressed . 
   on education and it seems to be working : their children are ahead of almost all eu countries ' children in pisa tests while they have possibly good students , it might amount just that they present to pisa tests only those that are good at them . 
  that is pretty idiotical , the workers have generated many times that revenue during their employment , as to get the severance , lets suppose 33 days per year , the business has used them for a full year . 
  were any of them unfit , the business would have fired those cost free during the first year . 
   economic fact is that the employers will abuse every time if they get what they want . 
  slavery was not suppressed because the employer asked for that . 
  yes , of course , in fact they are as corrupt as the average european politician . 
  and of course right wing politicians are corrupt for bigger quantities . 
   set up in a way that discourages permanent employment in the way people like you like , there is no permanent employment . 
  i figured as much too . 
  +1 i was going to point that ... 
  probably because google owners have interests in which dmca matters . 
   if they find a way to keep it about as loud as normal planes over land , since in order to avoid burning at high speed they have to fly over 20 km over the ground at a minimum , it would only matter at takeoff and landing . 
  at present it is spain that subventions euskadi which is the richest in per capita terms of all the regions of spain , and they have most of the capacities of an independent country . 
  so no urgency to change . 
  why would they if they can be machines ? 
  computer trading as been a thing for quite a few years now . 
  edit s/is they/if they /, 
  swede women have a lot of renown in spain ... 
  since you used race , which i interpret as an obsolete way to refer to related groups that interchanged members in ordinary ways , i say that while they would not speak a celtic language , they were mostly the same people that now live there , except for the smallest islands whose population that might have disappeared either because of migration or replacement . 
  by 4700 bc sea level rise had ended , so only isostatic movements are at play since then , they 're much slower . 
  so on practical ground , your answer is no . 
  oh , the stupid , when the spanish civil war the fascists killed anyone they suspected of firing a weapon against them . 
  and that is without looking at the fact that people that like guns are overwhelming pro-fascist . 
  these people would not stand against nazism , they 'd ally with it . 
  when the content of the speech is known to drive people to commit crimes , no need to wait for the crimes to happen . 
  they did it on reason of security . 
  now `` reasons of security '' is a very dangerous notion . 
  any money that add to greece debt , is money the greeks pay . 
  you do not have a civilisation , as anything worth in your culture would not exist without input from outside her . 
   but you ca n't ( realistically ) start your own government . 
  you , or i at that , ca n't , but say that to the koch brothers and allies . 
  since these people are getting paid by the greeks , it makes sense for the greek not to overpay them , with the 40 % of 18000 euro you get enough to pay for some seven average workers in greece . 
  that 's a feature , not a bug . 
  the buffon curve is irrelevant for countries governance . 
  when we have millions of unemployed people , who care if a millionaire stop work , and free a job for somebody else . 
  volga german are not second generation emigrants , they lived there for centuries at a time there was not even a germany . 
  the natural way of things ? 
  talk about lack of civilisation . 
   hypersonic is mach 5 or faster . 
  why ? 
  super sonic is straight : faster than sound , i.e. 
  mach 1 , but hypersonic is what ? 
  taxes anyone ? 
  there are a lot of tax fraudsters in europe . 
  then there is printing money , that put hysteric the seekers of economic rents .
