european values do not exist . 
  unless the love of plunder is a value . 
   to me it seems that they want to protect freedom of speech and liberal values . 
  they are putting their neck on the line to ensure that our hard-won freedoms stay protected . 
  no , they are putting us in the line . 
  but then you know that and that is why you put this lie . 
   bad timing to be adding fuel to the fire . 
  no , just the best time , as most people who are anti-immigrant will side with them for tribal reasons ^ 1 . 
  these people want the fire , they relish it . 
  now , if you would be so nice to change the laws so they can go killing for their reasons without police nuisance , that be better . 
  ^ 1 they do not care about free speech as they have nothing original to say . 
  strange . 
  not to forget that web pages can be false . 
   in other words , spain did n't need to borrow cash because it enjoyed cash taken from the bubble why it lasted . 
  the government could have chosen not to rely on the bubble for its budget , but they did n't . 
  that 's snake oil seller speech . 
  spain did not rely on the bubble , simply she taxed its proceeds , not enough in my view , however that is not to rely on it . 
  or do you want the people that created the bubble to go tax free ? 
  sure , taxes are only to be paid by workers , not by the noble class ... 
   basically , spain was financing itself on a bubble instead of bonds . 
  bubble explode =  suden high deficit . 
  that 's a biased description . 
  spain would still have reduced debt without the bubble . 
  not so much , but then the crisis would not have affected her as much . 
  a very strong demonstration that free-marketing is a damaging ideology . 
  for one thing , the countries in dire straits were not doing that . 
  in the case of spain , public debt and deficit were better than for germany . 
  so i know that / u/leyou does n't care about the truth . 
  short answer : no, 
   these russians have n't been living there for generations . 
  they mass immigrated during the time latvia was occupied by the soviet union . 
  if it is russians , they had a minimum of some two generations from 1945 to 1989 plus one more since independence . 
  so , they lived for generations . 
   i fail to see the relevance ... what is the connection between people 's charity money being exploited to cause civil disobedience and fingerprinting britons ? 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  afaict , in my country all citizens are fingerprinted as part of getting the national id card , but that does not hurts one 's prospects , or so i hope . 
  in the uk they have no equivalent , and are pretty vocal about not wanting it . 
  when will all britons be fingerprinted ? 
   the uk acting as a counter weight to france/germany is a necessity , we are not the only ones complaining is a cynical claim . 
  of course that the people of europe were dying in wars is of no consequence to you . 
  look in history books . 
  europe would have been peacefully unified had it not been for the uk interventions , as the uk would not allow any other to be the top country . 
  the succession war in spain is a clear example whose lingering consequences are still felt in spain . 
  the opium war against china . 
  and lot of small acts all over the world . 
   how the uk is the root cause of the eu 's defects ? 
  they entered it ... to sabotage it . 
  the ruling class of the uk wants to turn the eu in an efta , something that is not that welcome by common people . 
  so they proceed step by step , pushing for norms that favor the wealthy against the work dependent people . 
  they claim lack of democracy in the eu institutions , while vetoing democratic steps . 
   well i do n't see the sirian neighbours helping much , so you 're blind . 
  syria neighbours have some 4 millions refugees , approximate data : * turkey 2 100 000 * lebanon 1 100 000 * jordan 1 400 000 none of them has as good a functioning state as european countries . 
  edit format . 
   members of eu parliament still come from national political parties of various countries yet they voted on something on which they have 0 jurisdiction . 
  does that mean something ? 
  the only thing that comes across to me is that you hate helping people in worse shape than you . 
   the uk leaving is bad news for the rest of us . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , all the defects of the eu , and most wars in europe before , have their roots in the uk . 
   but we do n't have the democratic means . 
  reclaim them . 
  if you sit in your room fuming about the eu not being your dream , it will never move towards that dream . 
   but , unless i 'm german , or french , or perhaps british , i ca n't vote for that person . 
  is proof of your lack of democratic understanding . 
  those three countries are around 200 of the 500 million people in the present eu . 
  their population do not vote as uniformly as that of small countries , so the other countries do have a say . 
  in fact sometimes i feel small countries have too much of a say , as they are overrepresented in eu institution . 
  catalans , the 7.5 millions of them , have less say than the 5.6 millions of danes , just because they 're part of spain . 
  raise their paychecks . 
  you see , most catalans have no problem with current eu treaties , so while the new state will have to put its ratification , it will be pure kabuki . 
  the main problem is the redistribution of votes held by spain in the various institutions . 
  i reckon that catalonia should have the same votes as denmark , and rest-of-spain as poland . 
  if there is a big municipality with two , or more , population centers , and a minor one starts to grow , to the point that the services offered by the municipality turns to be inadequate , and that center ask for separation to be its own town , do you expel the new town from your country ? 
   why would you assume that a country would be party to dozens of treaties the first day of its independence ? 
  and if you were that country why would you want that assumption made ? 
  because they already applied all of them ? 
  no european treaty is not followed by catalans , they have never had an opt-out . 
  their industry and commerce is applying the same norms as the rest of eu industry and commerce . 
  none of their laws has to change to adapt . 
  no , just realist . 
   i 'm delighted that the uk has remained somewhat sane during all of this refugee hype-train nonsense . 
  when the great hunger , nassau senior , economist to the crown , is quoted as saying in 1845 , `` only one million irish are likely to die ; and that will not be enough to do much good . '', 
  unfortunately your ancestors managed to survive . 
  what crime they did i let to the imagination . 
   i really can not understand how a policy of taking the people from the actual refugee camps , the people who are blatantly destitute and hopeless , has n't been the policy across the eu all along . 
  that is because you lack understanding : the governments never wanted to help any people , no matter how deserving . 
  that 's why these people had to come by themselves . 
  social mobility is greater in sweden than in the usa . 
  in western europe only uk is similar in lack of mobility to the usa . 
  so unless you are already upper class , the usa is not as good for your children as scandinavian countries . 
   did you even read the definition you supplied ? 
   intransitive verb : to commit suicide transitive verb : to put ( oneself ) to death  to commit suicide . 
  not to suicide . 
  one commits suicide , one does not suicide . 
  one runs and watches . 
  but one does not suicide . 
  so you really do not know language . 
  suicide can be used as a verb , as the dictionary shows . 
  that verb can be used in a transitive form : `` he suicided himself '' , equivalent to `` he put himself to death '' . 
  so suicide is a verb . 
  then that verb has an intransitive use : `` he suicided '' , equivalent to `` he committed suicide '' .
