  else consumption would be a bigger problem . 
  still energy storage is a worthy endeavour , i remember reading that graphene would be very useful to get very high capacity condensators , such condensators would take the load in very quickly and with little dissipation . 
  and be lightweight , so in an electric car you could load in seconds . 
  not at present . 
  it is rather to stomp out protests . 
  fact is yes . 
  however that would destroy the grip of the wealthy on the workers , so right wing parties oppose such measures . 
  are you sure ? 
  in spain we do not have such provisions as in the uk , to me it seems rather that it is the uk government that misapplied the directive . 
  copyright is not a trademark or patent . 
  now i think the case is a misapplication of the concept . 
  at most copyright could be applied to the presentation of the food as presented to the client . 
  israel gave preference to hamas to counter the plo , they thought that being a religious organisation made them harmless . 
  why would it be the responsibility of the west to spend resources on foreign countries ? 
  from what they say , it would not . 
  are there not the european countries there ? 
  well , it is your decision . 
  you do not feel for people , you see them only for the money you can get from them . 
  well , not so long ago many eastern european fleed their countries for the west , they did not deserve anymore to be accepted than these middle easterners or africans . 
  the west had not colonised them , nor corrupted their governments . 
  the weimar republic fell because the right winger prefered the nazi party to the sdp . 
  that and the deflation politics . 
  people are easy to manipulate by instilling fear into their minds . 
  frankly , reading your rants would be fun if not for the fact that you are for real . 
  there are people that seem interested to see how life expectancy change with age , and i had met this web , so i looked for it . 
  i am not sure if data are up to the date , but it should be enough for most of our uses . 
  life expectancy for a man at 75 in the usa is 86.1 . 
  life expectancy for a norvegian man at 75 is 86 . 
  not wild at all , they come from your free talking . 
  another data point that eastern europeans are not fit for civilisation . 
  if you are 78 , and no clinical condition , probably you will get these two years without moving . 
  yes , they were different kingdoms , note that sardinia , sicily and southern italy had too the same king . 
  i do not believe you would say they were spain . 
  and in 1516 , when charles i of the habsburgs was king , we shared him with the low countries , that did not made them spain . 
  depend on the level , and frequently they are subject to different rules than the rest of workers . 
  well , it is your country , if you want to sink it even more , it is your business . 
  i am sure there are good swiss , just they are a minority . 
  oh , you do have emotion , they simply are those i resume as evil . 
  your reason is based on considering people as things , just like the slavers of less than two centuries ago . 
  you have to be pretty dumb to want your boss to pay you less to do more work in worse conditions . 
  keep going , serfdom is just ahead . 
  racism is saying you have no right because of some condition you have because of your birth . 
  people sometime post in askhistorians question about why nazi germany did not invade switzerland , and get many answers , mine is that it was unnecessary , swiss would all vote to be part of the reich as soon as possible , with much more enthusiasm that austria . 
  your inhuman evil . 
  the eu should close its territory to swiss people . 
  no pass-through , no overfly , nothing entering . 
  fun to see . 
  ah , you ... well fact is most of the time , management is much more incompetent . 
  you do remember that workers have a trial period ? 
  if it is usable offline ? 
  yes , however with slideshare you have to register ( i did some 10 years ago , it is free , irc ), 
  if it is correct , world population growth is decelerating , afaict . 
  just checked , yes it is decelerating : http://www.slideshare.net/lewisglarsen/population-growth-decelerating-faster-than-expected-consequences-for-next-50-yearslarsenexcerptaug-29-2011 there are other links available for he search with : world population growth is decelerating, 
  why should you fire a public employee ? 
  moreso if the company was doing fine . 
  should workers be punished because their employer is doing fine ? 
  in spain the prohibition of indoor smoking is followed in all the bars i know , even when the owner is a smoker . 
  we , the common people , rather love them . 
  i suspect that the so-called british opposition is from their upper class together with the spine-less lickers that strive to please that upper class . 
  imo , the uk helped these religious extremists because they were mostly opposed to the governments that succeeded to british colonial rule , and they opposed too communists . 
  it would not surprise me hat until bin laden they never thought it would bite them too . 
  what was the state of the company before ? 
  it might be that a lot of people had gone or been fired previously , during the talks . 
   which other country owns airports 100 % ? 
  spain ? 
  they 're mostly profitable to be sure . 
   singapore shows that not having physical punishment simply does n't work well , i see very little difference in economy between denmark and singapore , so since denmark is not a failure , i rather live there than in singapore . 
    i did n't know being a criminal is hereditable . 
   in a deterministic world view that could very well be the case . 
  a world view is indistinguishable from prejudice . 
  and prejudice does not affect subjacent reality . 
  it is like saying that in your world view the earth is flat . 
  afaict , no , it is rather it seems extremely improbable . 
   to ensure his genes do not propagate , that 's assuming the determinism goes via the genes , which is undemonstrated at present . 
  it seems rather the conditioning comes from society . 
   many european countries that have deeply sick systems that hardly punish criminals . 
  what does that mean ? 
  while i dislike milton friedman i think that he was when he said that what deters criminals is not the harshness of punishment but its certainty . 
  my pleasure . 
  de gaulle was right when opposing the entry of the uk inside the precursor of the eu . 
  the deceit has always been of the uk side . 
  afaict , you 're part of an elaborate deception attempt . 
  as i 've said , it is not other people money , much less your money , which is what you 're trying to disguise that you think . 
  because the only reason anyone has to be pissed by greece is nazism , or worse . 
  they 're defending their interests with more legitimacy than the lying ruling class of your country . 
  and you are another corroboration that germany never purged nazism . 
  because all the talk of trust is bullshit . 
  in fact , as all the complaints over immigration show , it is pure racism that motivates their behaviour . 
   the reality is far easier : ~ ~ any administration voting fur debt relief would face street riots in many of the eurozone countries . ~ ~ there are a lot of fools . 
  you are forgetting that now they know the euro rules of governance are not good . 
  drachma was bad , the euro is worse . 
  the appeal to egoism , it never fails ... 
   or because the voters are the ones who 'll have to actually come up with the money . 
  that 's only because they 're imbeciles . 
  note too that whatever money there 's to be done , these voters will never see them , much less enjoy them . 
  theses voters do not understand money . 
  in * fiat currencies * money is ** created ** by the state , it does n't need to come from people . 
   how dumb can you be ? 
  you do understand that germany is protecting them ? 
  you can bet that as soon syriza tries , only tries , to do something minimally effective to tax oligarchs , germany will do its utmost to destroy , economically , greece .
