  i 've often seen that law change is done mostly in benefit of the wealthiest . 
   standards can be implemented for uber and similar services . 
  what makes it certain that the new standard will be better for workers ? 
  the neoliberal `` deregulation is good '' mantra does not fill me with optimism . 
   because in most cities with the medallion system is that the case in germany ? 
   why can not the grandfather/grandmothers in pension help raising the child ? 
  because the grandparents live in another city , or country , and so are too far away ? 
  or maybe they are still working themselves ( they might have had their offsprings when 20 something and if the offsprings have their own kids circa 30 , then 20 +30 = 50 , less than the 65 years age at which one is more or less supposed to retire ) . 
  makes more sense . 
   go against the proscribed orthodoxy may not mean what you thought . 
  or did you intend to say `` go against the forbidden orthodoxy '' ? 
   i thought that nato is about defence capabilities of its members , not appeasing russia ? 
  nato is essentially about russia . 
  like prostitution is really willful ... 
  like sexual abuse never happens in western europe by people that have no ancestor from outside ... 
  note also that prostitution is legal in some western countries . 
  my impression from other posts is that quite a few redditors are fine with it . 
   i wonder what happens when we have to keep bailing out countries in eu like finland ? 
  the first reference to business people is to spanish ones . 
  imagine that d\u00edaz ferr\u00e1n was the president of the ceoe , the business main association , and he has been implicated in a lot of mismanagements that make it hard to understand that he was kept in place for a long time . 
  a tsunami of votes . 
  a joke on the fact that fukushima was fubar because of a real tsunami in japan . 
  germany sismicity is not very intense . 
  what / u/23powerz says with fukushima . 
  a lot of voters were already against nuclear , and fukushima made it a tsunami so merkel changed her tune . 
   but germany has a balanced trade with the eu countries . 
  no so sure , as not all countries are equivalent . 
  the current situation is the fault of business people that are intrinsically incompetent . 
  now some aspects of the governance of the eurozone were designed by business people and too the economic policy . 
  join the dots . 
  well , while there hardship for many in spain , it is far from the situation in romania , and , as for myself , i do not think the disappearance of the eu would be good neither for me nor for spain . 
  is there something hard to fathom in the meaning of `` easiest clients '' ? 
  '' ~ ~ he ~ ~ they would , would n't ~ ~ he ~ ~ they ? '', 
  seems \u00e0 propos to me . 
  that is not to do with the eu . 
  of course many people that live in the eu are not particularly great at anything and are afraid of their own shadows . 
  but most of opponent to the eu only care about trade . 
  the `` ever closer union '' was quite easy to find . 
  a free trade area is what the uk had with the efta . 
  funnily it did not work as well or the uk would not have ditched it for the predecessor of the eu . 
   the eu seems to be a weak organisation intenton planting immigrants should i laugh ? 
  the only migrants that are eased by the eu are those that are already citizens of a eu member . 
  and the freedom of movement for people is only one of the matters that the eu deals into . 
  so another theocratic fanatic . 
  and you 'd lose the easiest clients . 
  because misery is lovely . 
  we did not force the uk to enter . 
  context . 
  there is no islamisation at present . 
   but i 've not heard anything about internet monitoring and the cctv is blown way out proportion on here . 
  some questions are pretty difficult to discern without deep understanding , so it is important not to allow oneself to be lulled into comfort . 
  it might have to do with the higher density of western europe . 
    in denialville you play all day with cctv and internet monitoring to help you feel safe . 
   when 's the uk ever had that ? 
  i 've seen frequently news about cctv cameras in the uk , and internet monitoring too . 
  make of it what you want , but do n't delude yourself that your government is squeaky clean . 
  for those that do not know the matter : the link between vaccines and autism is a fraud . 
  unfortunately , neither everybody can be vaccinated nor vaccines are 100 % effective . 
  / u/executivemonkey is trolling , as usual . 
  well , in the zone i live , density is nearly three times the uk one , and parking can easily be difficult to find without paying . 
  afaict , because jrr tolkien used celtic languages as inspiration for his invented languages . 
  where would you park ? 
   now imagine what people who believe women should stay at home , gay should be punished with death sentence and dancing and singing should be illegal will vote for . 
  you know that we have people like that already here ? 
  they 're the offspring of the people that did the civil war in 1936 . 
   it is not a binary scale . 
  finns are different from spaniards and you complain that this difference is already bringing troubles . 
  i 'm not saying that it is a binary scale , just that that is not a reason to suppress the right of finns , or any other people , to participate in politics because , to cite , `` we be certain that their influence will be a positive one for everyone else '' . 
   public school kids . 
  to clarify to most of readers , `` public '' in the sense they were founded by members of the public as opposed to the churches and government . 
  that is elite private schools . 
  and if you looked at reality you 'll find that from time to time some recession will wipe out the source of that pension . 
  that if you can make any apportation to it because your income has not fallen to a simple survival level . 
  it just happens that i think that it is not so . 
  in fact the finns have already voted for things that are damaging for us in spain , and now they 're reaping the consequences . 
  and you can be sure i would not want the kind of government they have in hungary . 
   can we be certain that their influence will be a positive one for everyone else ? 
  that can be said of any group of people : can we be certain that hungarians influence will be a positive one for everyone else ? 
  can we be certain that portuguese influence will be a positive one for everyone else ? 
  can we be certain that finns influence will be a positive one for everyone else ? 
   that is clutching at straws is n't it ? 
   they will buy the product they can afford at the cheapest price no matter where it was manufactured just like everyone else on the planet . 
  german products are usually more expensive and still get sold . 
  and when in their country they 'll buy german products . 
  only in part , c 's is much more that . 
   preserving the status quo avoids violence . 
  also known as structural violence . 
  would you be happy to be a slave ? 
  status quo and all that ... 
  no need to try to accommodate non-europeans , as the internal diversity is pretty big to start . 
  in the balearic islands and valencia the pp has been displaced from the community government . 
  in galicia the next year is the last of the four year term of the present parliament . 
  anyways it is true that the pp has been lately much more hostile to local cultures in galicia and the balearic islands than in the past . 
  in the case of the balearic islands the local pp was the remnant of the ucd , pretty corrupt but without hostility towards the local culture , they had no problem collaborating with the catalan government in cultural matters , like allowing to catalan tv to be available . 
   i wonder where cs stand on the issue if the issue is the referendum , against it . 
  c 's was founded against the independence of catalonia , they 're even against the present level of autonomy which they find excessive . 
  you do understand that higher temperatures cause higher water content in air and so more intense precipitations ? 
   house prices are also too high for the unqualified immigrants living in the city . 
  but not for the qualified immigrants , and the real estate business . 
   i can not see how this is related to [ ... ] yes , you can not see .
