  well , from an english viewpoint , it sounds like shoyble . 
  so you 're not able to do deductions . 
    prevents the operation of rival browsers and decided that no disciplinary action was warranted . 
   so , you want to try that again ? 
  well , i can think that those antitrust officials were not very caring ... 
  `` shut up , slaves . '', 
  is what in real terms / u/visvis is saying . 
  i see you 're fine with that . 
  i ca n't avoid feeling that this kind of title is overly emotional . 
   hopefully google will demand every euro it spent on litigation then lets kill google management . 
  edit : will anyone assume responsibility for the immense waste that austerity policies have been ? 
  it is measured in billions of euros , the only thing people like you care about , and lives damaged , irrelevant to you . 
  oh , btw , how much of the decline is caused by the crisis ? 
  that they want to control is probably true , that this law is about it , no . 
  my conclusion is that google is a monopoly . 
   spain still has tremendous structural problems ( labor market mostly , is what people who know nothing about spain say . 
  it is tiring to hear foreigner saying the same for 40 years of permanent changes , but that someone from the country says that is even worse . 
  yes , but note that the main tourist season is not the quarter from april to june . 
  go to hell . 
  as far i can tell , you 're the maniac . 
  otherwise , most maniacs will have killed you before you 'd be able to respond . 
  cinema stunt are not real life . 
  in real life the probability to hitting someone else would be greater than to stop the car . 
   i 'm from denmark , as my tag implies . 
  which tag ? 
  if he was not a robber , he would not think of people enforcing the law to be thugs . 
  if memory serves me well , it costed some 20 million euro to go there , but at present it is closed . 
  i suspect you bring the boredom with you . 
  given the opportunities each has received : yes . 
   but i , as a tourist , have absolutely no interest in being harassed by government thugs . 
  that says everything about you . 
  you are not a tourist , but a robber moving through europe . 
   nice , now please let the eu help you to track down rich people who move their money outside of greece . 
  you mean `` please do not expect the eu to help you to track down rich people who move their money outside of greece '' . 
  or maybe `` meanwhile the eu helps rich people who move their money outside of greece '' . 
  well , yes you 're missing the point . 
  first as you said tourists tend to care little of receipt , so if you do not register the sale it will be easy for that to go unnoticed . 
  second , if you look at the shop , you might find there is no trace of the sale , so what are you going to do ? 
  no trace of the sale , so no `` sale '' , so no tax to collect . 
  third , tourism is a source of foreign currency , so the government has every interest in ensuring that currency ends in its treasury to pay imports . 
  you have a very distorted perspective of what is capital accumulation . 
  first , capital accumulation means that a small part of the population gets most of the capital , and there are reasons to think that it ends p damaging for the prosperity of the population . 
  second , capital wants exit . 
  that means that as soon as it can it exits to avoid any entanglement , letting the country in shambles . 
  third , no , people participating in a ipo are not necessarily oppressing anyone , but you can bet they 'll , on aggregate , will vote for policies damaging for those excluded . 
  capital accumulation is a immediate sentence to subservience for those at the bottom . 
  you confirm my guess that eastern europeans are not fit for the eu . 
  they 're still too tribal . 
  in a murderous way . 
  neither . 
   but it 's no doubt that universities are a breeding ground for left wing radicals . 
  because only there are people thinking of what is good for every body instead on how to rob them . 
  well , in barcelona they have streets with name like diagonal , meridiana and paral \u00b7 lel . 
   using foreign aid . 
  so germany ? 
   foreign citizen like sch\u00e4uble ? 
  of course in the case of sch\u00e4uble it would not be treason but a foreign attack . 
  the fact that is is done via economics is no attenuation . 
   extracted the database of taxpayers to give it to his unofficial team setting up a parallel electronic payment system . 
  i 'm not sure of what you understand by database of taxpayers . 
  varoufakis only need the code , not the data of the taxpayers . 
  that is not exactly a law breaching thing . 
  there no private data in it . 
  i would not give much value to those numbers , as many can be even zero hour contracts , that people accept for lack of choice . 
  if you ca n't read it , it 's not meant for you . 
  afaict the source is a racist endeavour , that does n't even understand what they read . 
  they do not provide a source , and if i understand the map labeling , it only tracks babies at risk and the number of them that have the gene that produces drepanocitosis , and while it is more frequent in africans , as it is related to the presence of malaria , it exists too in other populations . 
  they have no legitimate grievance . 
  in fact the reconquista was not a very holy war , rather a succession of feudal wars . 
  with 6 shots revolvers and one bullet , 5 of 6 time it does not fire . 
  that 's more that the absolute majority . 
  note that i do not claim that any one should try it , but that in spite of the possibility to survive , it is crazy to try it . 
  afaict , people like you like the everything-private of capitalism . 
  you are an anti women individual , in no less individual intensity that the saudi king . 
  irrelevant to my comparison . 
  what mattered to me is that you can exit scot-free from russian roulette , or you can die . 
  that most would not die is irrelevant , no one with a clear mind would chose that . 
  the uk has lost 7 years . 
  a biased question , nice from you . 
  there are only some 2 to 3 hundred economies ^ 1 , most of them much smaller than the uk and a few bigger , but none exactly equal . 
  so you would always find a slit to excuse the result . 
  anyways , at [ simon wren-lewis blog mainlymacro he did a calculation with data from the obr ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.com.es/2015/04/uk-mediamacro-myths-introduction.html ) that suggests on average a uk household has lost 4000 pounds because of cameron policies . 
  ^ 1 pitcairn , anyone ? 
  edited for format of first superindex . 
  you might be right , as it 's been a long time since i used to do such exercises and i 've a few beers down . 
   in other words , prop up dictators and absolute monarchs . 
  i mean , it definitely works , but it goes completely against what we believe . 
  you certainly believe in dictatorship for other people . 
  the mess of most of the muslim countries comes from the propping of tyrants to fight any modernisation of these countries as it would be bad for the profits of corporations . 
   jesus claimed to be god are you sure ? 
   opressed and weak . 
  its great , unless they want to be the only right religion . 
  so you do not like christians ? 
  btw , you do understand that by their nature religions are always the only right religion ? 
  german advisers said that deutschmark exit should be not be taboo , when integrating the former ddr . 
  yeah , fully believe that . 
  gdp per capita at the level of 7 years ago . 
  it is easy to do worse , but it is not something to be proud of . 
   just as in the 80 's and before ( right back to guy fawkes ) catholicism had a problem with terrorism and extremism , and now it 's islam . 
  you mean the uk had a problem with catholics that did not allow them a meaningful alternative to violence , because neither in france , italy , spain or portugal we had such problems , not that the church was not aligned with backward policies , but these policies were very fine for the uk government .
