    so britons ca n't even read by themselves the presentation of a treaty . 
   it now becomes evident why spain fails so hard in a capitalist world . 
  it 's called marketing , look it up . 
  oh , so expressed intentions are irrelevant to a briton , might as well condemn any of them guilty of manslaughter as if they 're murderer . 
  no difference . 
    de gaulle was right , the uk should not have been allowed in . 
   the economic burden of spain should never have even been considered . 
  rather unclear , anyways , since the purpose was political , spain was incorporated to the project . 
    as the only thing you care when dealing with other people is money . 
   i care about a lot more about money , sorry that i feel more connected to our historic friends than our historic enemies . 
  historic friends , historic enemies ? 
  lord palmerston knew that such things are not of importance . 
    each of these seem more political endeavours that free trade ones . 
   they are all the aims of a common market . 
  there is no talk at all of political union . 
  i 'm aware that you are used to twist words to deceive your interlocutor , but the establishment of the common market was a political act in itself and done with an intention , it was not a free trade area . 
  so it was a political union . 
  and the uk governments intents to reduce the eu to a free trade area are an attack on democracy . 
  in syria median age is : * total : 23.3 years * male : 22.9 years * female : 23.7 years ( 2014 est. ), 
  life expectancy is near 75 years in syria . 
    ee was joining eu both as common market and political union . 
   why do you keep talking about a mobile company ? 
  do you mean the eec ? 
  i think ee stands for eastern europe . 
   uk could veto eu extension but did not . 
  i 've read long ago that the uk wanted to accelerate the entry of ee because her government reckoned their entry would hamper the progress of the eu in the political aspects . 
  so britons ca n't even read by themselves the presentation of a treaty . 
  de gaulle was right , the uk should not have been allowed in . 
  btw , i think you meant shill , not shrill , but the shill has to be you , as the only thing you care when dealing with other people is money . 
  looking at the leaflet you liked : ** the aims of the common market are : ** * to bring together the peoples of europe . 
  * to raise living standards and improve working conditions . 
  * to promote growth and boost world trade . 
  * to help the poorer regions of europe and the rest of the world . 
  * to help maintain peace and freedom . 
  each of these seem more political endeavours that free trade ones . 
  spain was a very undeveloped country , so it made a lot of sense to go into debt to solve that , or else we would still be like morocco . 
  but i 'm not saying anything you did not know . 
  no , one 's own money does not mean one will manage it correctly , but allows not to be at the expenses of the decision of other interest that may find it convenient to damage you . 
  like it happen with greece as the imf has found that each additional euro paid costs 3 euro in gdp . 
  anyways , no matter how bad is japan , with her 200 % plus debt , she is better than greece . 
   the uk referendum on the issue was for a trade union not a political one . 
  that is a lie . 
  but it does not surprise me from a briton . 
  the `` ever closer union '' is inherently political , else the uk would have remained in the efta she founded as a rival to the eu . 
  i do not understand you . 
  it seems to me that you are mixing categories . 
  and you do not address my point at all . 
  in a country you can at a minimum divide the population in two main groups , one small but with a lot of power , especially economical , and the rest , people that have little agency on their life . 
  most of impact of the taxes fall on the second group . 
  no matter how true , when true , is what you bring here , it is irrelevant , the real fact is that a non autonomous currency is what makes this situation so hard . 
  now , you will note that the freemarketistas are those that unchained the bubble . 
  with an own currency , there would not be a competition between external and internal debts , government could fulfill its obligations and use the produce of exports and tourism to pay for debt and imports . 
  not particularly . 
  simply i see that in my country the top in economic terms has suffered the least . 
  while the country was in recession they got 4 % increments , that in 2013 workers , those that still had a job , had a 0.47 % reduction in wages , while management had a 4 % increment . 
  that the pp changes to irpf ( income tax ) are biased in favor of high incomes . 
  that from 2012 to 2015 , help for unemployed people was reduced in 41.346 billions while banking was helped with 41.300 billions . 
  and all because of the way the euro governance and ecb are set . 
  money was never the problem . 
  it is power that is in dispute , as who controls the money controls the eu . 
  combining money emission and money destruction via taxes , and most of the problems would disappear . 
   portugal , the country most to west ... nah , you are southern europe , mate . 
  what the problem ? 
  prejudice based on geography ? 
  i do not know the sense and extension of your sarcasm , so i 'll give you a straight answer . 
  why do you think in terms of countries when it is individuals that pay ? 
  why do you insist in making pay the people that can not evade taxes in a relevant form instead of those that are undertaxed and still evade their taxes ? 
  the same people that paid for austerity , the workers . 
  because the austerity was applied selectively on them , not on those that created the crisis , that kept profiting and are still in position to repeat the same behaviour . 
   that 's bs , mate . 
  to start we are definitely not mates . 
  the bullshit is your own . 
   plenty of immigrant communities in france that are facing the burden of neo-liberalism and are n't shooting up or bombing nobody . 
  none of them is as big as the `` muslim community '' , and none has an echo chamber as big . 
  as for shootings and bombings there were many cases since before the birth of the fifth republic and throughout its existence , like oas , and the corsicans . 
   islamic communities are at fault here . 
  control your own communities , your kids and expel/outcast any nutjob of a religious leader that talk to the youth . 
  i 'm not part of any of them , as i 'm from a spanish family and live in spain . 
  and , btw , what you say is stupid . 
  it is just what i claimed , making the people that lack resources deal with the burden . 
   many claim that britain is a coveted destination for migrants because of its generous benefits system . 
  aside from the reality that most migrants have little prior knowledge of the exact nature of each european country 's asylum system , it is not true that the uk is particularly beneficent . 
  each asylum seeker in britain gets a meagre # 36.95 to live on ( and they are not usually allowed to work to supplement this sum ) . 
  in france , whose policies are supposedly driving up the numbers at calais , migrants actually receive substantially more . 
  according to the asylum information database , asylum seekers in france receive up to # 56.62 a week . 
  germany and sweden -- the two most popular migrant destinations -- pay out # 35.21 and # 36.84 a week respectively , only fractionally less than britain . 
   i see people caught in stings on the news where they tried to commit a terrorist act . 
  for one of these , how many were downright abusive ? 
  france , more or less reluctantly , has adopted neoliberal policies , that mean they have amplified the problem , as the individuals with less resources to solve the difficulties of modern life felt their full burden . 
  money is more important than human lives . 
  feeling guilt is a nuisance unfit of a master of the universe . 
  are you aware that in the uk there is no obligation to have an identity document ? 
   what happens when africa has 4 billion people who are starving because of climate change ? 
  a climate change we in the developed world have produced . 
  one in how many ? 
  that if he was what you claim , which i doubt . 
  and for how long he has been out of government ? 
  fact is , by definition left wingers are not evil , as they do not find it good to oppress lot of people to get some profit for a few individuals . 
  right wingers on the contrary , find it wonderful to abuse lots of people so a few individuals enjoy the profits , no matter what crimes were needed to achieve that . 
  are you aware that you live in a parallel dimension ?
