  political oppression is usually directed against the individuals that enter in politics , if they 're mostly men , then political refugees will be mostly men . 
  quantum chemist , like me ... but i do not see that she apply any of the insights tbat specialisation should apport to her . 
  note that often these operations are directed against civil rights organisations and their members . 
  right wing violent groups are somehow less controled . 
   they 're ** dumb ** and tax evaders . 
  that is , in case language is too hard to you when used informally , there are germans that do that out of dumbness and there are germans that do that because they think in this way the may get to evade taxes . 
  you see , it happens that these countries did collaborate in doing things impossible for greece to solve . 
  finland being probably the dumber of these you mention , germany the craziest , and netherlands the money-getter as she helped greek oligarchs to evade taxes . 
  that 's not what i wrote . 
  as to what you write , i do not expect that the accomplices of the crooks that ruined greece would admit that . 
  that 's what i wrote . 
  they are two motivations . 
  on the other side , the surveillance is there , `` brave new world '' - style and note that i did not said that that was every one motivation . 
   we elected obama ... twice :( rather you elected gw bush twice , and his father before , and reagan twice , and nixon twice . 
  that 's why people may do things that are irrelevant to taxes thinking they 'll reduce them ... 
  no , the id is linked to the individual that has to pay the taxes . 
  no doubt , whenever a northern european , or descendant from them , says democracy he means the whims of the wealthy . 
  one reason to be scared of surveillance is taxes when you do not pay them . 
  is that clear enough ? 
   it does sink, 
  do you believe germans are less adept at tax evasion than the rest of europeans ? 
  what is the sex composition of your parliament ? 
  they 're not scared , they 're dumb and tax evaders . 
  and with all that you still do not understand how collective solidarity is good . 
  i do not ask you to part with any of your personal income or wealth , just that you do not block your country to help people in worse shape . 
  you see , i was lucky , in part , my parents were not like yours , do you think i should joke about them , and you , as parasites like so many from your country , and other wealthy countries , do about people in worse situations ? 
  you really are not able to understand that ? 
  if what you wrote is true , it is a bad situation , but i 've learned that northern europeans are not to be trusted , in spite of their collective wealth they have parties that are indistinguishable from fascists , to me that means something is very wrong with your countries . 
  says someone that do not understand reality . 
  since you live in finland , you are pretty incompetent . 
  how comes at your age you owe 40000 euro ? 
  the un is an association of states , not an independent instance of power . 
  unless everybody is fine with a decision , it will not be done . 
  and note that afaict , you would be against the un to get teeth . 
  the un is an association of states , not an independent instance of power . 
  unless everybody is fine with a decision , it will not be done . 
  and note that afaict , you would be against the un to get teeth . 
  i already give money to people in need . 
  you are certainly not in need of anything and you are not an honest individual , so go to hell . 
  reelection ? 
  so it is known that syriza will win ? 
  i give money to people in need . 
  you on the other side would never help me . 
  so no . 
  because of humanity , which probably you lack . 
   you are the one declaring economics to be voodoo some everything is luck and luck alone . 
  which means what ? 
  and you 're saying things i did not say . 
  but what do you now about randomness , it is a hard mathematical concept . 
  and i knew everything about you i needed before starting to talk to you . 
  a smartphone here is under 100 $ , a big part of the cost is local to the country , personnel , storage , etc. 
  so in a poor country it may cost less than 60 $ , second hand , something you must not know exist it seems , they can be even cheaper . 
  since communication is a need in present society it does make a lot of sense ^ 1 to save and buy one . 
  but a pampered no-good kid does not know what is saving . 
  is n't it ? 
  ^ 1 and when you are on the move moreso . 
   am i doing this right ? 
  no , but then that was never your intention . 
  look it yourself . 
  i find it more rational to assume you 're a concern troll without any interest in it . 
  so you 're a know-nothing . 
  why demand plummeted ? 
  the same people were there . 
  +1 that !, 
  and saving a lot . 
  so to a romanian doctor with zero debt the advantage is much bigger when going to the usa . 
  i do not so much think so but know . 
  both and treaties . 
  not in the way the uk has . 
  are you for real ? 
  it proves that it is worthless . 
  no different from a luck game . 
  `` free speech '' , as long as it serves the interests of the ruling class . 
  well , it is your text , you get to chose its meaning . 
  well , napol\u00e9on was the george washington of europe , unfortunately he had no atlantic ocean between his country and his enemies and did not have allies of the stature of france and spain as the rebels colonies did have . 
   interesting people arguing that hate speech laws should n't exist . 
  should have a comma after interesting , i reckon : interesting , people arguing that hate speech laws should n't exist . 
  spain . 
  people complained that houses and flats were too expensive , a minister claimed that if the market set that price that was the real price , then it but and lost nearly half the price , with the consequent ruin for the whole country . 
   because you ca n't charge what they are worth . 
  it is so laughable when you 've heard that from a minister in your country and then the bubble burst ... 
   usually new money is introduced into the system [ ... ] but it can be done by the state without depending on the predatory whims of the monied class . 
  coupled with taxes no inflation is to be expected unless desired . 
   monumental burden is a dishonest description . 
  but then you do know that , else you would not write it . 
  i definitely do not like / u/doctomoe , but he is right , and you do not know how to reason , as a country is everything in it , migrants are only the most able of people from their country , because else they can not move . 
  i would gather that it is the contrary , since we will not always be on top , let 's make friends now we can . 
  we , in spain at a minimum , had tourism to help bridging the gap , and emigration had put millions of spaniards in contact with more democratic societies and most had already returned . 
  bringing with them these notions . 
  from what i 've seen in publications and news ( and here in comments by people from there ) , the eastern europeans societies are still tons more rigid that the spanish society during the 60s . 
  note that i do not argue time per se , but generations , that is change in people , as hopefully they 'd learn that the world is not only in black and white , that there are greys ( and colours too !!!, 
  well , the uk created the efta , then abandoned it for the predecessor of the eu . 
  and so with regards to the eu . 
  it is your question . 
  i 'm not privy to the laws , but afaict , do not carry such things . 
  you still have not explained how you know the future . 
  so you too do not understand the meaning of data point , nor of need . 
  if your question has meaning , mine has too . 
   do you consider the opinion of ~ ~ muslims ~ ~ northern europeans being harder to integrate unwarranted ? 
   they wont assimilate ?
