  did not notice the ruin of germany . 
  maybe it is that you need to be bled to death to understand what you say . 
  one percent of the eu gdp over 30 years is rather far from full exsanguination . 
   that does not , however , mean that a memberstate defaulting and leaving should be off the table as a solution to the problem . 
  however it means the euro has failed , and no country would be right in entering it . 
  that be suicidal . 
   useless swedish classes . 
  because the finn citizens of swedish language do not deserve to be cared . 
   windbreakers here , spain , i do n't remember seeing any , but the air is relatively warm , so i reckoned that was the real purpose . 
  for someone from spain you seem not to be aware of income distribution . 
  to workers , and probably most freelancers , the reduction is of a few euro , on the top it is of some 3000 euro . 
  sure the money that has been declared do not need to be hidden , however not all the money they get is declared , the fact they get a nice sum in the open means that they can safely keep hidden the rest while still enjoying a good life, 
  yes , towards the end of the ice age , similar to those maps of doggerland that appear some times here . 
  to the wealthiest , yes . 
  they will use that money to put it in switzerland , as usual . 
  the only reason there tax payers money on the line , is the craziness of most of the germans . 
  by the way , everybody is a taxpayer , but when someone uses that expression , it is usually to appeal to the vilest of humans defects . 
   well tsipras managed to run the economy a little bit further into the ground during the past 6 months . 
  rather merkel & co. 
  because they 're stupid ? 
  and they think using google makes them smart ... 
  it could easily be people emigrating . 
  happy you , i take it you 've never been at the discriminated end . 
  might easily be that they are only nominally muslims and do n't care about islam . 
  so why would they need an imam ? 
  might be . 
  i think that should be done by trained people , possibly police explosive experts , who would dispose of the charge in an orderly way . 
  do you live in a hole ? 
  or a typical feudal state , or colonial empire at that . 
  i could say everything . 
  the main reason so many israelis have no problem with killing palestinians is the suffering people that were jews had in the second world war . 
  +1 of course , that 's why making them understand the real situation is important . 
   it combines the worst of socialism and liberalism . 
  seen from the perspective of the devil . 
  i was not referring to the grenade that was launched , but the one / u/dharms had to throw . 
  well , there some 2.5 grams of natural uranium in a tonne of ordinary soil . 
  can not a grenade be disarmed and the charge removed ? 
  +1 you get it quite right . 
  one could say that it is good that people there get a better condition because they can sell their wares to the wealthier countries of the eu , but from the perspective of western workers that lose their job due to that , the real thing is that most of the money they 've lost go to people that are richer than them . 
  a country is not a individual , and even with individuals our rules say they have to be helped when the damage themselves , like a reckless driver that get in an accident by themselves . 
  a country is not a family , and even families can have the adults behaving recklessly , do we sit while their kids suffer ? 
  you 're a swiss ? 
  individuals have many differences that can be used to generate arbitrary orders of classification , if you want to discriminate against someone you only have to chose the order that fit your purpose . 
  all objective . 
  they not obsessed , no , not at all , they use it to kill palestinians in their land . 
  -1 even if israel is abusing holocaust . 
   polish-lithuanian commonwealth the one that had liberum veto , or how to destroy a country just because . 
  i 've no particular problem with using the terms nazi , nazism , but you seem to be a concern troll . 
  the kind that , who would have thought , are nazis themselves . 
  i fear that only in the measure the individual agreed to it . 
  of course a lot were drawn because the people around them went in that direction . 
   all our own ressources to be wasted oh , the wit-free . 
  not here . 
  when you want people to suffer you 're evil . 
   i wonder what the average joe would vote ... not one cent for romania ? 
  because you presume i am not aware of what the finnish governments have done these past 8 years . 
  that i 'm not aware of the kind of politicians they are voting in increasing numbers . 
  that i do not say that that single comment is the cause , but that kind of comment , that i 've found in many instances from finns . 
  note that does not mean that only the finns are so , that kind of evil is frequent in europe ( the continent ) . 
  i do n't understand why you claim they should be equatable to be valid . 
  did i say `` get rid '' ? 
  to encourage is not to make it obligatory ... even , or maybe over all , if the result is the same . 
  results without blame . 
  it seems to me that you lack in critical thinking a lot . 
  if europe declines , it will be because of the utter ineptitude of people like you . 
  that is not a deterministic endeavour . 
  but while we get to that , the spin-offs accumulate , even if it is difficult to discern them . 
  in these moments we both are using one , courtesy of the british tim berners-lee . 
  you are omitting why germany was in the state she was . 
  i find that utterly repulsive . 
  to me you 're like those that voted for hitler because they did not like the spd . 
  that voted evil because they might be incommoded . 
  i do not remember but taking soma was not obligatory , simply it was so satisfying that the epsilons took it of their own will . 
  now here it is legal to produce one own weed . 
  asinus asinum fricat , the phrase is old but still pertinent . 
  that kind of response are the reason i feel no sorry for the soft crisis finland is suffering , and i will not feel more no matter how bad the situation turn on you . 
  the finns may be deluded , but they are evil . 
   shame and break the spirit of the greek people the same way we did it with the germans i 'm not aware that greeks started willfully a war that killed millions , to add to the people the germans killed independently of war . 
  that says a lot about how despicable people like you are . 
   it 's paying without getting anything for your money . 
  do you understand the concept of delayed compensation ? 
  paying arrears is not paying for nothing . 
  and then you can avoid it easily by not firing . 
  note also that these norms are for big shops , a small shop has lower liabilities . 
  being the equivalent of an automaton is not something i aspire . 
  not particularly , in spain consuming cannabis is decriminalised , but i would not attribute that to some astute thinking . 
  anyways , probably the way to go is to regulate it like we do for alcohol or tobacco . 
  until the euro . 
  a real eu need to have a strong budget to smooth monetary shock that an independent state could deal monetarily , like japan , usa , switzerland or even the uk have done . 
  then to favor mobility , there is a need to ensure the retirement pension is not a nightmare because the individual has been working in various countries in various amounts . 
  else that disincentive mobility . 
  if a business can only go on by underpaying its workers , then it is not a legitimate business . 
  that mentality goes a long way if one has to explain why russian women want to get out russia . 
  that was a fact a generation ago , as nobody entering then the workplace had any reason beyond ignorance to think a lifetime career was ahead . 
  huxley saw it , the way to rule over the people is to drug them , his soma is a place holder for whatever drug is convenient . 
   you ca n't hire someone with money you 're required to give to someone else for no return . 
  then do not fire that someone . 
  as for no return , that 's the typical dishonesty of managers at play , that individual did deserve it for the previous years of service . 
  and , note , you can not keep someone for a year with an 8 % of a year wage . 
  so no , you are simply being dishonest .
