  well , if the rest of louisiana territory lost maritime access , it also lost much of its value . 
  i would think that the fact that hundred of thousands of irish died from hunger is worse . 
   in almost universally positive ways . 
  survivor bias . 
   conquered all the ones like quebec , louisiana and california which had been started by other european powers quebec , yes , but neither louisiana nor california were under british rule . 
   i think also jefferson did n't want the us expansion towards west , because he thought that would make the country too big then why did he decide to buy louisiana ? 
  no , what you mean is that external debt is not internal debt . 
  yes , still while aca has ameliorated the situation , the existence of high deductible insurances means that many have problems to treat relatively minor ills . 
  in spain `` galo '' is commonly used as an adjective synonymous for french . 
  however the country is called francia . 
  so you lost the greek u sound ? 
  the one that was like french u or german \u00fc ? 
  the sad point , to me , is that while they pay the state as much as us , they get much less in healthcare . 
  do you think you are living in xviii century ? 
  ( being optimistic ), 
  if they send the police to make you pay or go to prison and confiscate your properties , you will pay . 
  +1 but some people are very irrational . 
  did slavers willingly release their slaves ? 
   `` full employment '' -- it means the economy is stagnating . 
  only in the sense that you can not go over 100 % of use of resources . 
   there is n't a teleological explanation for fiat money . 
  it serves to pay taxes and extinguishes debts , by the power of the state if needed . 
  -1 reform by itself is an empty word . 
  as postulated by people like you it really is a run to the bottom for workers . 
  rather public debt equals private savings . 
  irc over half of health expenses are private and do not compute as public expenditures . 
  what good is a permanent job contract that can be ended at any time ? 
  that is not permanent at all . 
  electoral turnout was 66.1 % it does not seem to me that uk voters were enthusiastic for the tory party . 
  since labour got 231 mp , against 331 the tories , so at most the tory party has 40 % of the vote . 
   ` superior wages , superior jobs and less hours ' and 10 % unemployment ,, 
  people already emigrate all over the eu , just not everybody has possibilities . 
  better than in spain under a typical rightwinger party ? 
  i 'm sure you 'd feel good being a slave . 
  -1 in spite of the truth of what you wrote . 
   the world is sometimes terrible , but we have to make a decision , and i 'd rather decide in favour of my own people . 
  yes , i ** know ** . 
  no , uber as the wet dream of rentiers . 
  given the uk flair , yes . 
  anything that pleases the money people is fine , anything that crushes the worker is good . 
  even in the usa uber is abusing the workers . 
  you mean like remove jews ? 
  that makes me wish you end in a prison camp . 
  i doubt it very much that you are a pre-columbian canadian . 
  they should put you in a camp so you do not contaminate them . 
  it is not guilt but experience . 
  present day germans are not guilty of what their ancestors did , but they know the consequences . 
  you do understand that this position is indistingible from nazism ? 
  if a country , with a population in the millions , can not take a few hundreds of thousands of new people , it does not deserve to be independent . 
  they will have to consume and thateans some 20 % tax . 
  yes !, 
  and i would want my countries to help . 
  i 'd feel pretty disgusted otherwise , no matter the incommodities that might fell on me . 
  then do n't have kids . 
  well , i do n't know the rest , but i doubt it much that i can have a thick at all russian accent . 
  basque or iberian . 
  or whatever language they had some two millennia ago . 
  probably not . 
  however the psoe had them from germany in the start of democracy . 
  let me say i 'm quite happy from that . 
   there has been exactly zero reports of violence coming from these patrols . 
  in a sense that demonstrates how unhinged they are . 
  you understand that i know little if anything about you ? 
  what envy could i feel ? 
  to get a perspective on the priors of / u/heraker . 
  `` you '' is not about the individual that post under / u/ownage4you . 
  so you do not know the history of texas . 
  maybe you 're on mobile and can not see the text of my flair , and are unaware of the flag . 
  but it is catalonia-majorca-provence . 
  european lands all of them , and civilised long ago . 
  given the ideals you have displayed , i 'm not keen for them . 
   what possible justification would any of these countries make up to fight ? 
  why did they kill one another in the 1990s ? 
  it is very strongly implied . 
  and the comment you respond is sarcasm . 
  it was sarcasm , and unfortunately , not that weird . 
  oh , and fuck is not weird , but a common practice or we would not be here . 
  assault is http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/assault so not necessarily rape . 
  well , no , if prostitution is illegal it is harder to do it on a large scale , as any case can be reported . 
  where it is legal , they move the women so these have no chance to communicate their plight . 
  mexico has a strong reason for their policies , your kind . 
  they allowed northern europeans in their territory and then these betrayed them to allow slavery , because that was forbidden in mexico . 
  talk of ancestral evil . 
  edit s / as / has /, 
  you never deserved anything of what you enjoy . 
  i hope you spend your life in a prison . 
  hungarians started as invaders , maybe it is time for retribution . 
  where are you from ? 
  what a false name you chose , if you have a soul , hell is its destination . 
  envy of evil is proof of evil . 
  where are you from ? 
  they may be often called ignorant of geography , but that confusion is found outside the usa too . 
   you 're old enough to understand that some of them are very similar in name ( iraq , iran ) , given how many people confuse austria and australia , i would not be so sure . 
  what does that mean ? 
   even , by itself , the sole fact of working for a iranian funded tv channel may deserve some criticism by itself . 
  if i 'm not wrong , he worked for a producer that then sold the programs to various tv channels , one on which is hispan tv from iran . 
  that is in no way incorrect . 
  would you admit that to greece when syriza came to power ? 
  none of them had signed the debts , so they no longer have to pay any ? 
  thought so .
