  when these acts existed ... because we know that some claims are false . 
  fact is i help people in need . 
   there is no reason to feel sorry for these fools . 
  european values in action = pure nazism . 
  are you aware that the public debt of japan is over 200 % of their gdp ? 
  you would sing ode to hate if you had an opportunity . 
   as long as people like you have a say on that , this is a lie . 
  you would live in complete happiness were these people to die from hunger out of sight . 
   you say that because it did not happen , had it happened you would have been against . 
   you can only use the money once . 
  what a lack of understanding of economy . 
   there is no moral superiority to be recognized in executing such policy . 
  it rather is detrimental in the wider scope of things . 
  i trust the moral compass of northern europeans , not . 
  and never . 
   much better to pay billions for people who could afford the trip to other countries , than use millions to help those who stayed . 
  as long as it avoids bad pr ... as long as people like you have a say on that , this is a lie . 
  you would live in complete happiness were these people to die from hunger out of sight . 
  you say that because it did not happen , had it happened you would have been against . 
   this money would have gone much better if spent on un programs to help those people in syria . 
  as long as people like you have a say on that , this is a lie . 
  you would live in complete happiness were these people to die from hunger out of sight . 
  first , because it is not enough by much . 
  second your claim is a lie . 
  around year 1 ce , world human population was some 200 to 300 millions . 
  their use of energy was little different from the rest of animals their size . 
  at the start of the xix century there were one billion , so from three to five time more , but many were already using fossil fuels , in the 1930 the number of people had duplicated , and their use of fossil fuels was even greater . 
  in the 1970 we got to 4 billions , and more use of fossil fuels . 
  now we are over 7 billions . 
  to think we have no effect is what is ludicrous . 
  and nobody claims the neolithic agriculture is the cause , but that it had an effect . 
   i thought their agriculture caused the warming . 
  no , the references are that the end of the last glaciation around 9703 bce was from natural sources , but that the temperatures since then have been over the values that were to be expected otherwise . 
  the natural processes would have brought a new glaciation in a more or less remote future ( in about 1500 to 10000 years ) . 
  rice fields seem to produce methane as a byproduct . 
  as for cattle , with ruminants it is rather burps and belches . 
  the bacteria that ferment grasses in the stomach by fermentation release methane . 
  the population of the roman empire suffered a contraction , i reckon that would cause a reduction of agriculture . 
  but there were other processes at play , and the quantity of greenhouses gases released then was quite reduced respect to today and would be overridden by the milankovic cycle . 
   do n't tell me police in the eu do n't shoot to kill . 
  oh , that they do , if warranted , but most of the shots are not even directed at someone . 
  [ for a quick example ] ( http://gawker.com/5909283/german-police-really-dont-like-shooting-at-people-used-only-85-bullets-last-year )  police in germany only fired 85 times at or in the vicinity of criminal suspects during the course of 2011 , according to a government-commissioned report . 
   statistics compiled by the german police university show that german police officers fired a total of 49 warning shots and 36 shots aimed at individuals while pursuing suspects last year . 
  from those incidents , 15 people were injured , and six were killed . 
   those numbers are actually down from the previous year , when police expended 96 bullets in the line of duty , resulting in the death of seven suspects . 
   germany , the eu 's most populous member state , is home to over 80 million inhabitants . 
  edit for format . 
  of the expansion of christian kingdoms in the peninsula . 
  yeah , they usually say that . 
   milankovic cycles which suddenly stopped existing . 
  huh ? 
  milankovic cycles can not stop , as long as the earth goes around the sun and jupiter and saturn ditto . 
   effects of agriculture ? 
  you must be joking . 
  well , no . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  remember that expansion of agriculture implied the destruction of forests , which are usually carbon-sinks , and many agricultural processes release methane which is a stronger greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide . 
  i do not expect that effect to be as great as modern fossil fuel burning , but it may have slowed the cooling that usually happens between ice-sheets expansions . 
  he was lucky to survive , which probably has a lot to do with modern medicine . 
  and very unlucky to be one of the few to be shot at all . 
  however they enjoyed the mild climate that was produced by milankovic cycles . 
  plus the effects of agriculture . 
   yet i do n't see the greek politicians who were/are responsible for the biggest post-ww recession sweating in court for their life . 
  well , the recession started in the usa . 
  i find difficult to believe that a small country could have that effect . 
  carbon dioxide is not the only factor that might raise temperatures , irc the hottest point since the end of the last glaciation was about some 6000 years before ce , since then there was a slow descent of temperatures until the xix century , when industrial revolution expanded use of coal . 
  there are germans in the people that were in the crowds of cologne . 
  do you really believe none of then broke any law ? 
  the commisioners do not in fact rule . 
  whatever they do will have to be ratified by parliaments . 
  like we have not proof of juries ruling badly deliberately . 
   there wasnt much training to be done . 
  the best training is done on the ground . 
  i 've the impression we are not speaking of the same thing . 
  basically you are amalgamating every movement with some muslim influence with modern islamic terrorism , and i disagree . 
   it just introduces more chaos into the system making it ~ ~ harder ~ ~ easier to corrupt . 
  i do not know what happened in cologne that was different from other years . 
  the difference has meaning . 
  -1 for saying a truism . 
  it is useless . 
  fast edit : that comment is also a truism . 
  typical example of lack of european values . 
  afaik , ordinary police agents in the eu do not use to shoot to kill . 
   their foremost roots are the teachings of the fundamentalist ibn taymiyyah during the middle ages and the more modern revivalist sayyid qutb . 
  without ukusa they would have remained local trends . 
  in spain they have introduced juries recently , and i can not see that brought any improvement . 
   i also think you border on apologism when you suggest ukusa is to blame for this ideology . 
  when you seek people willing to kill your enemies at any price and train them to be effective at it , yes ukusa is to blame . 
  please , send your account numbers and pins . 
  i too tend to agree with most of your comments , apart some details that may matter or not . 
  but , afaict , when many invoke european value , it is to breach them . 
  and for now good night . 
   from portugal side , has mostly to conquer land to moors . 
  conquer . 
  not reconquer . 
  there was a slight ideological , based on religion , bend that going against people of another religion was not as bad . 
  that does not men that there was a project to reconquer the peninsula , and note that then why keep the reconquering reigns divided ? 
  the crown of aragon was not the crown of castile and leon , nor either the kingdom of portugal . 
  and some french revolutionary claimed that `` la r\u00e9publique n ' a pas besoin de savants ni de chimistes ; le cours de la justice ne peut \u00eatre suspendu . '', 
  ( `` the republic needs neither scientists nor chemists ; the course of justice can not be delayed . '' ),
