  thanks . 
  so your ` academic achievements ' informed you that a declining local currency wo n't affect gdp . 
  impressive . 
   you compared a socialist post-war country with a modern day regulated market economy . 
  so you do think that germany was the only successful default . 
  btw i never said that greece and germany default were identical - you choose to make that inference . 
   the exchange rate does not have an effect on those gdp calculations nonsense  a great amount of funds goes into agriculture subsidies though and if you think the solution to the greek recession lies in receiving more agriculture subsidies cap ! = structural funds . 
  but by all means continue learning economics from bild . 
  threatening to kick greece out of the eu because of a broken euro will be a successful strategy / s  | btw , flair up . 
  figures . 
  s/he is a northern irish loyalist . 
  sigh . 
  `` the photo was just resting in op 's account '', 
  really ? 
  so every sovereign default except germany 's was a failure ? 
  why should i have any more sympathy for germany in 1948 than greece in 2015 ? 
  are you serious ? 
  if greece adopt the drachma , the currency will drop relative to the euro . 
  their gdp will be measured in that currency . 
  as their gdp/capita drops they will be eligible for more structural funds . 
  btw , flair up . 
   completely different situations . 
  both sovereign defaults . 
   what ? 
  eu structural funds given by gdp . 
  greece 's gdp will decrease initially with drachma . 
  got it now ? 
  i was making the point that not all defaults - such as germany 's in 1948 - have to end badly . 
  greece needs to stay in the eu but not in the euro zone . 
  allow her to leave and help her restart the drachma . 
  she wo n't be able to borrow for a few years so it will be painful . 
  however a lower gdp will allow greece to get more eu structural funds and lower costs to better compete with the eurozone . 
  how about germany in 1948 ? 
  the whole of canada should be scottish . 
  you are joking , right ? 
  your 10 year statistic does n't trump my hyperbole . 
  ireland sacrificed its fisheries to get into the eu . 
  google ` decline of fisheries in britain and ireland ' | about 2,090,000 results ( 0.93 seconds ), 
  uncertainty is bad for the economy and markets . 
  but if the uk wants to leave the eu primarily because of immigration , eu legislation , and budget contributions , they will still have these problems in the eea . 
  for example , norway must pay the eu , do n't get structural funds , must allow free movement of people , and must accept eu legislation . 
  the common fisheries policy is a major reason why norway and iceland remain outside the eu . 
  the uk ( and ireland ) have no fish left . 
  40-45 % of the uk 's trade is with the eu . 
  here is a knife ; cut your nose off to spite your face . 
  15 % of our exports and 20 % of our imports come from the uk . 
  it would hurt . 
  but yeah , i hope a good case will be made that both the eu and the uk are better together . 
  are you nuts ? 
  ireland 's economy will suffer if the uk leaves the eu . 
  yeah , we 'll miss british cars and food imports too . 
  oh well , we 'll just have to settle for german automobiles and french food . 
  i 'm sure we 'll manage . 
  * jameson 's whiskey . 
  - perhaps you can ask an irish university graduate for help with your grammar . 
  maybe . 
  but ireland imports more from the uk than vice versa . 
  you stand to lose more money even if we stand to lose a bigger percentage of our economy . 
  i hope the uk does n't leave the eu but there is no way ireland will follow them out . 
  * `` in a worst-case scenario , i 'm going to have marry my partner of the last 20 years , because she 's got an irish passport , '' said david earnshaw , ceo of burson-marsteller 's brussels office , and one-time labour party candidate for the european parliament . 
  `` in a slightly less worst-case-scenario , i have to become belgian , which i actually would n't mind doing . 
  i 'd quite like to be belgian . '' * i hope his partner of 20 years does n't read this : * i 'd rather be belgian than married to you !, 
  * ps : no disrespect intended , belgium . 
   to be a true ~ ~ european ~ ~ sheep is to mock the americans  the euro is probably our most ~ ~ common symbol ~ ~ disastrous idea ftfy, 
  leprechaun gold mining co. will be onstream in 2020 . 
  i do n't think there is any special * political * relationship between the us and ireland . 
  ireland is not a nato member and is neutral . 
  even the us-uk special relationship seems to have cooled a little in favor of germany . 
  perhaps because of the uk 's reduced role in the eu where germany is widely perceived to be the eu 's leading country ? 
  pbs does have a lot of uk tv , but so does much of the anglosphere . 
  uk tv is pretty good . 
  weird to see that american men 's average height ( 5 ' 9.5 '' ) has n't increased since colonial times . 
  to the dutch in / r/europe : 1 . 
  have building regulations ( door and ceiling heights , countertop heights , shower heads , mirrors ) increased with the average dutch height ? 
  conversely , which european country do you feel uncomfortably tall in ( short beds , low ceilings , etc ) ? 
  | the first things that come to mind for me are the ira and tax evasion . 
  the irony ... 
  | well then you should 've put tax evasion and the ira on the desk then . 
  says the guy from northern ireland, 
  thanks for taking the time to comment . 
  good comeback . 
  would n't that be , in your words , ' a bit irish ' ? 
  i do n't understand you self-loathing types . 
  do n't you ever stand up for yourselves ? 
  this is clickbait about a fixed loophole that is irrelevant anyhow since the import , sale , purchase , distribution , manufacture of these drugs is still illegal . 
  but of course this would ruin the circle jerk . 
  fool . 
  the sale or purchase of these drugs is still illegal . 
  the beer bottle had a higher iq than cowen . 
  lol . 
  8 of the pms were relatively honest . 
  but we did have a pm with special needs : cowen . 
  religion is n't as important to sinn fein as the sdlp , dup , or oup . 
  nationalism and reunification is . 
  they are the anti-austerity party in the republic of ireland . 
  a vote for sf there is mainly a vote against an unpopular government and not in favour of reunification . 
  i agree that they are scum but 88 % of gypsy and ` irish ' travellers in the uk were born in the uk . 
  besides , we ca n't even deport roma . 
  | bank is bancrupt , the state is refusing to pour money into it your government is great !, 
  according to the wikipedia entry , only the chapel is old .
