very good . 
  poles are considered to be ( and are ) hard workers for the most part . 
  many have left as the construction industry tanked . 
  you will see polish graduates working for multinationals around dublin . 
  true , but that is in dollars - which have had differing currency exchange rates . 
  if you compare the gdp in euros : the peak was 189b in 2007 and it will meet that again this year . 
  in any event , irish gdp overstates the economy by 10-15 % and you should be looking at gnp instead . 
  shit !, 
  you did n't want the money back ? 
  and there we were paying back the loan at your high interest rate . 
  thanks mate !, 
  business not personal, 
  interesting . 
  imports from the uk have dropped to 30 % in 2014 . 
  before ireland joined the eu , i believe uk imports were something like 90 % . 
  | increased imports means increased economic activity . 
  tell that to greece . 
  cocky bastards even hold themselves more erect than everyone else ;-), 
  i said exports . 
  uk accounts for about 40 % of irish imports - which is good for the uk as we are their only major market that they enjoy a trade surplus with . 
  growth comes from exports . 
  rain is good for the complexion ;-), 
  isle of man ? 
  ca n't stand those three-legged bastards . 
  think they can come over here and walk all over us ... 
  rest of eu ( minus uk ) . 
  exports are roughly a third to each . 
  pretty much . 
  we have three major trading partners and two ( us & uk ) have recovered much faster than mainland eu . 
  still have very high debt , though . 
  take it as a complement - you are the guys worth beating . 
  besides , do n't be so modest - we 'd love to have a fraction of britain 's olympic medal haul . 
  ( and do n't even get us started on our national soccer team ... ), 
  frankly we would have been better off economically remaining as part of the uk - at least until we joined the eu in 1973 when folk 's minds started to open up to the world . 
  lets bury the bad history : it has no meaning or place in 2015 . 
  i do n't know anyone here who views england as a monster ; the two cultures are 90 % identical anyhow . 
  i will say that we do like to beat england at rugby - but that is because you are the only team worth beating . 
  for what its worth , i agree with your post . 
  england - especially the south-east - has been carrying the rest of the uk for years . 
  for example , northern ireland needs 11b a year so yeah , it has been ` dragged along ' . 
  you guys did n't have to extend that loan to us but you did . 
  we 're grateful despite jerks on both sides of the irish sea pissing and moaning about it . 
  stupidest comment yet, 
   it 's why ireland got # 30 billion not to nitpick but uk extended an 8b credit loan to ireland - 3.2 b ( as of 2014 ) has been used . 
  the loan is being paid off and it was appreciated . 
  good one . 
  especially from a dolt who thinks that ireland borrowed 60b from uk . 
  ( wrong by a factor of 20 . ), 
  i 'm responding to the one worked up . 
  the chart works as a trend - all i wanted was a indicator of how gdp was measured . 
  the 2nd point of austerity should have been obvious : any government that used austerity ( portugal & ireland ) would lose next election if greek government found an alternative . 
  not as ignorant as you , you dense twat . 
  you need a constant currency value to say that x has decreased by y % . 
  otherwise you just get a trend relative to the three countries . 
  if the gdp is measured in $ and the $ rises by 25 % relative to the euro in 5 years , then the country gdp would have to * climb * 25 % to stay even . 
  basic stuff , bozo . 
  here is another hint , jackass . 
  if the cia world data ( measured in $ ) is used , then dollar vs euro rate will change values . 
  ditto pounds . 
  since the time series values only makes sense in euros then say it . 
  economist is a british publication , or did you miss * that * point ? 
  state the damn currency and do n't leave us guessing . 
  usual tripe from the economist . 
  no description of which currency the gdp is measured in - if dollars or pounds then this is misleading . 
  only makes sense in euros . 
   but instead of standing in solidarity with greece , they [ ireland & portugal ] are mimicking the stance of its creditors . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  governments that forced austerity on their own people are suddenly going to say that it wo n't work for greece ? 
  tzar is slavic for caesar . 
  so : caesar 's city . 
  ( sounds like a casino . ), 
  you 've advocating polygamy ? 
  but that makes no sense . 
  why let british vote in local , state , and european elections , but not in referenda ? 
  it should be fully reciprocal ( and good manners ) . 
  ( might even get an abortion referendum passed if we let them . ), 
  i would not be too quick to scoff . 
  i notice that irish citizens resident in the uk can vote in all elections , but british citizens resident in ireland ca n't vote in irish referenda . 
  this seems unfair and undemocratic to me . 
  edit : added ` resident in ireland ', 
  subsidizing agriculture benefits all of european * farmers * . 
  but i agree that cap will obviously benefit countries proportionate to their agricultural sectors . 
  it originally was a deal between france and germany - `` we 'll give you access to our markets if you help subsidize our farmers . '', 
  ireland borrowed ~ 3b from uk and a further 60b from the eu . 
  we pay interest on those loans . 
  any gratitude that i may have had quickly vanishes when i have to read ill-educated twats like you moan on and on about it . 
  i ca n't find out online when this irish law was successfully used to prosecute homosexuals . 
  i suspect it has n't been used in decades . 
  no they are not the same : https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/comparison-of-civil-partnership-and-marriage-for-same-sex-couples 2 . 
  ireland also had civil unions prior to this vote as well . 
   i think you lack reading comprehension . 
  yes , yes , you 've already said that . 
  good comeback considering your ` academic achievements ' . 
  uk just passed bill last year . 
  ireland is the only country to pass law by popular vote . 
  same-sex marriage is not legal in all of the uk either . 
   i think you lack reading comprehension . 
  i said that default works for some countries - including germany in 1948 . 
  you obfuscated . 
   i think academic achievements and literature as well as years of work experience got me covered .
