  you go smoke some weed , junkie . 
  you seem to want payed standardized vacation days . 
  this is how you get them . 
  if you dont want them , dont wine to me how bad you have it , since aparently that is how you want it . 
  i wine how we have it , but i actibely work to change shit i dont like . 
  those who only sit at home , have no right to conplain about a system they refuze to change . 
  i was only talking about vacations , you started talking about for some reason . 
  i mean why ... 
  look if you dont like something about your country . 
  chang it . 
  loby your representatives in the state congres or whatever you call it , loby your senator . 
  have them change the law . 
  or protest , go on stryke . 
  if that doesnt work go into politics yourself . 
  i do not work in customer servoce and that user doesnt exist . 
  i dont know what you are talking about . 
  i jut got this pjone and am sti\u010d\u010d getting used to the whole using the screne to type thing . 
  dont try to divert atention from your own problems by pointing at, 
  sory to bake it to you pall , but that is not a democracy . 
  nore is is a fair state . 
  they dont tour , they det shitfaced in tenerife . 
  the julian calander most certanaly does . 
  you actualy made me goole this , and i still have no idea . 
  all i know is that different ortodox churches use different calanders , wich is fucked up . 
  get with the time pops , literalery, 
  tjey actualy do , a\u010d\u010d the time . 
  puttinf mpre restriction into the law , but they are changing it . 
  and are you saying is as democratoc as ? 
  those are podn-folk as we call them . 
  lesser europeans , not worthy of washing our feet . 
  i realy dont get you americans . 
  everione wants payed vacation , but noone writes a law about it . 
  write a law , have it pass in your state and lay back . 
  change the law . 
  its that simple . 
  sure the enployer has to aprove your vacation in advance , but you have to be able to use your vacation days guaranteed by the state . 
  payed leave is guaranted by law to anyone enployed full time where i come from . 
  we are not a loud people . 
  the guide looks the same , dreses the same , talks the same . 
  you take your paied leave of work and go on vacation , whats the big deal ? 
  us is far away , those are not usualy vacationers but sight seing touriata there on a profesianaly organized tour, 
  he is the neutral pronoun for those of us who speak normal languages where gender is in the verbs themselves . 
  are we auposed to call ypu `` it '' ? 
  or do you prefer zer xd, 
  impossible in what ? 
  yeah , but he julian calendar is tied to the gregorian so itd nolonger difts . 
   in 3 or 4 millenia they 'll celebrate christmas on february . 
  have n't they fixed the julian calender to the gregorian one ? 
  christmas eve ( 24th decembre ) at ima say 20.00 . 
  so that when you eat you can rest a bit and then go to the midnight service . 
   our best known band is the forefather of industrial music laibach * our best known nazis . 
   also , your horrible spelling and negative attitude reminds me of kontaktni centar , i 'm guessing your alt that got banned ? 
  why would i need to work at customer services to have bad spelling ? 
  it 's just that i have this new touch screen phone and am still getting used to it . 
   i counter your : `` getting around europe is neither easy nor cheap . '', 
  with my : `` getting round europe is both easy and cheap '' . 
  i counter with : `` getting around europe is expensive and a hustle ''  i 'm an idiot at least you admit it   all of your ignorant scorn aside , it just seems you 're not a person that enjoys travels , and so be it ... it 's not mandatory i really do n't get where all of this anger of yours is coming from ... 
  i 'm not arguing against traveling . 
  in fact , i travel often to all sorts of places . 
  hust the other day , i got back from the land of the kangaroos - wonderful place , 3 months ca n't do it justice . 
   if you consider venice or salzburg `` far away '' places than travelling further than spodnji duplek is not for you . 
  but on another note , salzburg and venice are cities in another county !!, 
  for god 's sake !, 
  tell me , how long does a direct train ride from ljubljana to venice take ? 
  oh , that 's right , there is none !, 
  how long does it take to go to salzburg ? 
  how many $ will you need to drop to get there ? 
   but do n't lie that it 's expensive or unreachable for an average person it is expensive . 
  and hard to get to . 
  fucking salzburg , you want me to fly from there ? 
  why ca n't the plane land in ljubljana ? 
  cars, 
   out of ljubljana probably not . 
  whell fucknit than . 
  it doesnt count if i have to travell abrod in order to be able to travel . 
  getting around europe is neither easy nor cheep . 
   gothenburg a 17h car ride away . 
  and you rode a train for 11h to get to belgrade , checked in 1,5 h early to wait for a plane lat 1h to fly there 1h and wait for your lugage a nother half hour . 
  and woop you profited 2h ower going by car . 
  congadulations . 
   but if you go to venice , salzburg , budapest , prague or belgrade going to those far away places is travel in itself and as you said it takes you about 30 $ to get there . 
  fucking prague , have you ani idea how far away that is ?!!, 
  i need . 
  plane just to get there . 
  and a plane ticked to belgrade is what ? 
  jeeee thanx . 
  50 $ p\u010dus the hasell of going to prague , and the hasell of bording . 
  plane is more than im wiling to pay.for such short distance travell . 
  25 $ to go to belgrade is more than enouth , for that shoty train . 
  you do ze noon speaks german right . 
  an for plan tickets i can always go to the adria offic in ljubljana and bi them . 
  im not gona use go opti because its fucking dangerous . 
  they also exploit their workers and have large price . 
  hitchin\u0107king i dangerous remembr talahasi ? 
  im also prepared to fly from portoro\u0161 and edvard rusjan . 
  lol its conplet\u010dy posible to travel safely . 
  but its neithe easy or cheep . 
  from some weerdars germannairports right ... 
  slovenia realy doesnt have a best bud . 
  we just are .
