  what is than a nation ? 
  because we have three different identities , three different languages , different traditions , and different ethnicity . 
  to me you all look alike . 
  so similar in fact that the differences could be atributed to `` tribes '' or regional identeties of 1 nation . 
   swedes speak swedish , norwegians speak norwegian , and danes speak danish . 
  three languages that are close to each other , though so different that it is audible for the love of me i wouldnt be able to understand someone from prekmurje , speaking slovene . 
  does that make them a different nation ? 
  a some 100 years ago , we had something called regional identety , people identifing with the region they were in , insted of their nation . 
  do you think that could be atributed to the scandinavians today ? 
  it is my opinion it would n't be hard to change the perception of those 3 nations that they are in fact one nation , and the others are only a weerd speaking funny bunch from `` that side of the mountins '', 
  huh ? 
   there is a kurdish nation , and currently also a kurdish country ( now that the kurds occupies some of syria and iraq , and have their own government ) * autonomous region . 
  ( to be politically correct )  there is inuit nations in russia , but no inuit countries . 
  i asked because of the typical nomadic nature of these peoples . 
  they occupy no constant territory . 
  are danes , norwegians and swedes . 
  one nation ? 
  does a nation need a country to exist ? 
  does it need to occupy a particular territory ? 
  ( because how about the kurds , the jews , all sorts of inuit tribe in russia , other nomads ... ), 
  are you saying a country = a nation ? 
  i have no idea . 
  ask the op / u / _ gayhindu _, 
  there are border controls , also fence on the south border for the migrants, 
  south eastern ? 
  you should start in slovenia and see slovenia , then travel up to berlin, 
  protection . 
  * end of nato * closer ties to russia * uk get out of eu * resolution of the kosovo and metohia problem * end of the eu * no war with croatia, 
  why only western ? 
  how about central ? 
  southern ? 
  we do n't have one . 
  you mean dialects ? 
  many are unintelligible , even within this here republic, 
  that was wheir main servicento the nation . 
  they stopped.making jumping skies . 
  all of it . 
  liberals are ruening this continent, 
  i did not claim that , do not put words in m mouth . . 
  you can buy them at the banqe, 
  no , havent come across them.used in circulation . 
  in we also have a thing for comemorative 3 $ coins . 
  they only answer needed . 
  if you stop in i can hook you up with some sweet comemarerives ect . 
  are you duch by any chanche ? 
  lol a litel late for crampuses dont you think, 
  sanata isnt real . 
  brnik is the main airport of this here republic, 
  im saying wjat works in a democrary, 
  to a free iphone ? 
  i could jusr buy a lovked ona in and have it shipped here to unlock it for free , that would be cheep , but i dont want any . 
  ive seen shit . 
  change what ? 
  the fact i have to pay for stuff i dont need ? 
  i do not see it as something in need of chance . 
  and reguarding the operators , i never sign a contract obliging me to be a subsriber of that conpany for any amount of time . 
  i have indeed takes staps to inarigate change . 
  nop . 
  im clean . 
  that is npthpw that works . 
  you pay it of during thpse 24 monts , and im not abput to pay for some iphone . 
  neither am i prepared to be tied to on operator for 24 monts . 
  even as not an american im with him . 
  fuck that genocidal , bimbdroping , warmongoring clintin . 
  you do n't know what a junkie will do to get his next fix . 
  expensive as fuck ? 
  nokia etc workes great . 
   but it 's the system they have . 
  it is not unheardof of people changing the system they live in conpletly . 
  we did it 4 times in just the 20th century people restricted to hardky by the birocracy and unable to pecefuly and within the confines of the system change it have a right to a revokution . 
  it has been christmass fir almost 2h biddy, 
  no what ... this is my first touch screen ... 
  there is no war on drugs . 
  we are merely preventing criminals from selling illegal dangerous substances in our country . 
  i dnot do drugs pall . 
  and not even this new keyboard i downloaded does that like my pc can . 
  and this screen is kiler to type on ... 
  we have state of the art drug sniffing dogs . 
  we even imported money sniffing dogs from the . 
  we are all caught uo with the drug pedelers and smugglers . 
  or you could not vote for such a polititian . 
  vote for a socialist candidate for example . 
  you see the system you describe here is deeply flawed . 
  and i am not getting into that descusuin . 
  all im going to say is , the power is yours to change it . 
  as is the responsabikity for what happenes in and with your country . 
  catch up to what ? 
  the criminals roaming our streets ? 
  lets hope we do . 
  marihuana is an ilegal ilisid substance . 
  nothing primitive about calling them what they are . 
  phones dont spell check . 
  and why should i care ? 
  its the fucking internet , not an english test , ill write the way i want . 
  actualy if you want something it does become a law if you work for it . 
  just today our parlament passed . 
  law spearheaded by the youth organisation to give free got meals to mpre children in our schools . 
  its entirely possible and it happenes all the time . 
  new laws put forth by the gov are amended countes times as sugestions by civil groups are made , even before it hits the parlament . 
  of you want something it can be farely easely be made into law .
