  serbia is in great relations with the part of bosnia it border . 
  also macedonia loves serbia for some reason . 
  hungary is sending police to help serbia remove kebab . 
  romania is doing some weerd magic stuf with the dead #vla\u0161kamagija so realy its just croatia and bulgaria . 
  wonder why thaz could be ... 
   what dr. tu\u0111man had to do with paveli\u0107 ? 
  both were genocidal maniacs supporded by the croats . 
   the stuff you say is dangerous and toxi stop doing it than . 
   it 's like that you have something against croats . 
  you dont say . . i dislike genocidal maniacs , murderers , natos , theves ? ... 
  shocker . .  prvo po\u010disti u svom dvori\u0161tu we killed our nazis an threw them down pits . 
   and we do n't need anyone from outside to remind oh but you do . 
  the ndh denial is stron in . 
  may i remind you that you havent payed reparations to this day . 
  you also keep policies and spirit of it alive by debying serbs the right to ther krajina . .  even slovenia had and has them now , however small she is . 
  unlike dodnt exist during ww2 . 
   flaws breads nazi genocidal-maniacs . .  do you know how many people came the that ortodox christmas rally ? 
  so we are ignoting jasenovac ? 
  how about the constant discrimination minoreties face in your country to the point they can not even use their own language ? 
  i saw it on tv where was the poloce to beat the shit out of that so called church ? 
  face it pall you people are nazi sypmathozers from the get go . 
  they were n't criminals , do n't you get ?? 
  how the hell would nazi criminals be guards at the nuremberg trials ?? 
  the same way jews guarder other jews in auswitvh . 
   oh god , we have one of those people . . is it not true ? 
   except estonian and latvian . 
  there are no exeptions , natis should be tourtured and killed . 
   you really , really do n't know what atrocities they committed , do n't you ? 
  i dont care acrualy . . those filthy germans got what they deserverd . 
   and replaced it with the russian beast . 
  watch your toung fin , the russian people are a hero , they loberate our continent . 
  ss officers were elite teoops , not force conscripts . 
  go read a history bood they were wolonteres . 
  which post ? 
  yeah i lost your puni response among others , what do you want estonian ? 
  slovenia and montenegro . 
  [ the pressident of the republic ] ( http://images.24ur.com/media/images/600xx/dec2016/e04abba7dd_61864781.jpg ) started an internet photo taking trend called boruting . 
   all governments so far not completly correct . 
   serbia , for pljeskavica russians are always welcome , come come , bring your friends, 
  its stupid, 
  i would recoment or maybeed if you are feeling adventerous . 
  yeah bu places like r/europe bann you reguardless . 
  why not facebook ? 
  replying maybeee ? 
  even if you downvote at least reply . 
   i 'd rather people who disagree hold their tongue than downvote this ^, 
   yes . 
  whell in that case it would n't matter if it would say that in the uk passport that would be that persons legal name  names in the uk are very fluid things . 
  since there 's no requirement to carry any proof of id , your name is , generally , whatever you say it is - most people consider this type of anonymity a right in the uk . 
  yeah i have heard about that , that is just wrong . 
  [ they were soviet made , equiped in yugoslavia and remofited with a larger canon in izrael ] ( https://sl.wikipedia.org/wiki/m-84 ), 
  the ramped spread of liberalism, 
  no i 'm saying r/europe is liberal , which is not left wing, 
  after naturalization it would mean they have uk cityzenship ? 
   but for everything else you can just start using another name . 
  that sounds wrong . 
  how will you confirm that you are who you say you are if you have a nother name writen in a passport ? 
   the good people of reddit thats rich, 
  here you can change your name for whatever reason and the price of 30 $, 
  erm yeah , you want to know how much you get after taxes , who cares for the before taxes number but the state . 
  but is that official ? 
  and how is it dealt with legally in documents ? 
   still a small minority . 
  for now . 
   we voted for ma\u010dek , not paveli\u0107 . 
  paveli\u0107 was a military man . 
  you , however voted for dr. tu\u0111man  we also have streets and statues that are about communism defaced by croats constantly . 
   about the croatian kingdom interesting  it 's important we remember they happened . 
  and that you take responsibility for your crimes . 
   do you have some examples ? 
  recent memorial plate to fascism ceremony in jasenovac . 
  the so-called `` orthodox church of croatia '' rally in zagreb , to name just the recent ones . 
  why ca n't you change it in poland ? 
  and i doubt foreigners can change their name here . 
  you hailed the rise of your fascist kingdom and killed people viciously . 
  may i remind you that hitler did not have a majority in the bundestag by the elections , and mussolini was also not voted into power . 
  even to this day croats revere fascism in public ceremonies and commemorate it in monuments . 
  many are , even if only once or twice a year . 
  in slovenia that would be ww2, 
   i 'd be willing to learn a language of course obviously . 
  even if i end up not liking it there i 'm trying for education so i still get something out of it . 
  universety in slovenia is realy cheep , you could in fact even earn enouth while here to sustain yourself and even pay , so educatin would be that . 
  we also have all english courses, 
  ok so you want to go to live in a european country , what do you want to do there ? 
  we ca n't . 
  eu is a us proxy and goosesteps to their tune . 
  th sanctions eu put on russia are hurting us more than them . 
   as damn then they did it to us . 
  you people should finaly take responsability for yout own history . 
  1 % of our population collaborated . 
  we killed them , i am proud that my forefathers killed the scum . 
  1000 $ / month, 
  erm no ... and the black in south america are n't indigenous either same even goes for south africa . 
  what will you do with the mestizos mongol hitler ? 
  fuck the french . 
  trump will put slovenia on da map . 
  trump gona win us da sea . 
  i dont think people shold downvote to scilence descenting opinion . 
  r/europe is pretty liberal ( read disgusting ) there is no lest wing as in socialist/soc-dem/communist that would talk about europe, 
  try r/eu they do n't have a hard on for censorship .
