  a milenia or two ago . 
   also , imagine the slovenian population of ( ex-austro ) hungarian hungary to split off and form their own country . 
  elaborate . 
   except for those who were born there . 
  desendants of imigrants . 
  blod and land is the manta budy . 
   immigrants did n't get a vote re : brexit anyway . 
  they do . 
  if they have their papers in order , they do . 
  and naturalized cityzens did vote to leave . 
   only if the right of people to self-determination is ignored . 
  no , only if its respected this would ocure . 
  and once again they are not aq blody nation !!, 
   you do n't know that , because it never happened before . 
  its a new country poping up . 
  this debate was settled before the scotlands referendum for independance . 
  leaving uk means leaving eu , since you are a new country . 
  if you wish to join , aply . 
  like everione else . 
   and it my opinion it should . 
  we dont need a nother member with a poros border , we have enouth . 
   the only `` argument '' you can have there is land area , but then london covers 607 sq miles , and e.g. 
  malta only covers 316 sq km . 
  no my argument is that :   a city as a country does not belong in the eu . 
  land area does not bother me . 
  mark my words frenchman . 
  there will be war . 
  wait 7 years and see . 
  5 years for war in the balcans 7 for europe at war . 
   but nobody claims anything there ... no , belgium and germany have some exclaves to trade . 
   why 7 years , what weird thing do you think is gon na happen in 7 years ? 
  war . 
  im not xenophobic , they are in france im in ljubljana all is fine . 
   this nationalism does n't exist anymore ... 
  i doubt that  nobody cares about territorial claims in western europe anymore ... khm belgium , khm  and yeah if you want , in 20 years if you prefer . 
  germany is our closest friend in europe no do it in exactly 7 , if you would be so kind . 
  yes there is a special type of a referendum called `` posvetovalni referendum '' which as i recal has never been conducted nation wide ( usualy municypaleties do this things for development ) . 
  the referendums we have are legaly binding . 
  its not racism , were the same race . 
  but imagine wanting to ask a frenchman on the street for directions , you ask him `` do you speak english '' and he politely answers `` yes , but not for you '' and walks away . 
    so no , not republic as a legal entity , but rather a group of people that share a common bond , in this case nationality . 
  read to the end the next time . 
  if your claim was true the republika srpska krajina would be legal and so would herceg bosna . 
   psa : us americans are not `` one nation under ... '' nop americans are not a nation they are cityzens of usa . 
  they also cant grasp the difference between nationalety and cityzenship , like we do . 
   you do realize , that my whole point is that because they 're so . 
  very . 
  different than the rest of england , they should be able to separate ? 
  imigrants cant take land they imigrated to as their own country . 
  imagine the portugese population of luxemburg seperating and founding a portugese luxemburg ...  they 're closer to each other in their diversity than they are to the rest of england . 
  dont care , they imigrated there . 
   in the end , it would be down to the londoners to decide what they want and to negotiate with the eu to get it ( or not ) . 
  actualy atm they would first have to negotiate with the uk with england with the queen . 
  and only when getting independance aply to join eu . 
  which in my opinion should not be alowed . 
  a city as a country does not belong in the eu . 
   you really do n't know anything about our politics i do try , newer claimed i did . 
  thats why i did sugest asking a nationalist about it . 
   germany is probably our best friend in europe , wait 7 years , and say that again in public , in a crowded bar . 
   water under the bridge how about you return strasburg ? 
  in my experiance frenchman are idiots . 
   the only reason we could `` legally '' leave yugoslavia was because its constitution declared that every people have the right to self-determination , actualy the constitution of sfrj defined that every republic had the right to break away . 
   nd now you 'd deny that same right to a group of people londonions are not a nation , its a city . 
  imagine ljubljana becoming an independant republic . 
   just because they 're not technically a nation they are not a nation in any aspect . 
   even though they 're they are not . 
   as a highly diverse group cant be a nation . 
  a nation is a homogoneus group . 
   rguably more different from the rest of the country than slovenia was from the rest of yugoslavia ? 
  lolthe differences between a slovene and a kosovo serb are mimute conpared to the rainbow of scin colours in london . 
  that is exactly why they are not a nation in any way . 
  and there is no legal option for this . 
  what do you even want ? 
  a free city or a republic in a federation with england or a independant country ( eu member or not ? 
   ' t like immig lets ask her . 
  wonder what marine le pen thinks about this . 
   and we 're fin sure you are . 
  let me ask the right people and they will not shut up about the 100 year war before evening , not even getting to ww2, 
  does it have a legal right to become a country ? 
  or a free city at least ? 
  would the goverment of england alowe it to befome free from england ? 
  london is not a state in a federation , its a city . 
   neither of which has anything to do with slovenians ' actions oh but it does . 
  we gave the army police juristictions . 
  the police got mor money , and owerall safty incresed . 
  unlike in france . 
  those inconpetant bastards cant even prevent a blody truk from driving into a crowd . 
    also pretending it 's the patriotic thing to do , are you not a patriot ?!, 
   did n't the referendum on slovenia quitting exyu have sth like 90 + % attendance and 90 + % support for leaving ? 
  no comparison to brexit whatsoever . 
  was talking about something else - campagne . 
   uk should simply be split in half - ni + scotland vs england + wales i agree . 
  scotland should be independant . 
  ni could form a union with scotland or emerse itself into roi , or all thre of them could form a nev county ( federation )  with london being independent of both . 
  i disagree , london i a part of england and it shoul stay so . 
   ain and france have 23 a and still france has mor terrorist atacs per capita . 
  while we havent had a single terrorist atack , ever . 
   t . so you partly, 
  you can not sell blod , sperm , organs in slovenia . 
  everething can be only donated .
