  i used a specialized copying tool . 
   getting all of that music for free is a pain in the ass , though . 
  searching for torrents , arranging them , getting rid of shitty `` remix '' versions and poor quality copies , etc or you just use pirate bay . 
   for me 60 euros per year is cheap enough , considering what i get in return , but you only rent the thing , despite paying for years you will only be renting acses and owerpay it by tenfold . 
  what ? 
  no we need to kill the germans and the italians . 
  no we want to kill the germans not feed them . 
   the netherlands does not concern me . 
   much like a thief who owns stolen gold when he puts it into his bag . 
  get real mate , that not the real world . 
  nop . 
  this is like an artist going into the national gallery and repainting a painting that hangs on the wall to his own canvas . 
  perfectly legal , encouraged , and they can then sell it if they wish . 
  it is in fact a physical object i made with my tools . 
  a man was fired from a bbc radio because he was n't a minority . 
  now we can turn the train around and kill all of them . 
  no there are no legal presidents . 
  you see the information on the cd is `` burned '' it is in fact turned into a physical object , and i fully own that physical object with all of its applications . 
  as in people being fired for being white ? 
  so the cd i bought in a store is not owned by me ? 
  but we now have a clean train, 
   company will leave a market good . 
  they should, 
  south ossetia, 
  or a better idea , we kill the queen also . 
  they can not own information i own . 
  the law is clear . 
  if they tried to take the cd away from me it would be theft . 
  enough ants will stop a 1000 trains . 
  no , you are conflating copy right with owning a piece of data or a cd . 
  they have the exclusive rights to make and sell copies . 
  not to the cd in my pocket . 
  and now it was proven . 
  and eu is expected to take action . 
  yes , what 's your point ? 
  they do not . 
  the law does not define it in that way . 
   they still hold the rights to the copy . 
  i made the copy . 
  they hold the rights to making copies not to my copy . 
  they do , but also dont . 
  they are a republic in a confederation with the federation . 
  and they could leave the confederation , but it would take more than just dodik saing it is so . 
   i am not a german nor living in germany so this does n't make a point . 
  not my point , have you not flowed the recent news from v4 ? 
  they sell shit food to us for the same price they sell premium food to them . 
   they are not in possession of said copy . 
  they are in possession of the original . 
   tots , that 's why basically every government on earth conciders piracy illigal . 
  anti-piracy laws are separate from regular property law . 
  and in slovenia piracy is legal ( in some way ), 
  but they have adverts for themselves . 
  we pay 3 $ / 3monts and consider it expensive . 
  and everyone gets them terrestrial broadcasts anyway . 
   if you are attacked by an ant you might squeeze it , but if you stand in the way of an high speed train your fists might not help you in any manne we stood against italy , germany , hungary and croatia - and won . 
   the information they own . 
  they still have that information . 
   how likely is your , rather childish , position to hold up in court ? 
  you know it 's zero . 
  wery likely , since that 's how the law defines theft . 
   its not automatically the best solution to fight if the come to take your land of course you fight . 
  what was theirs , that i took from them , and is no longer in their possession ? 
  go buy nutela for the same price germans do and tell me that again . 
  you make no sense . 
  of course you protect your flesh and blood from the german invadors . 
   what exactly was stolen from you by corporations ? 
  money . 
  land . 
  companies . 
  factories . 
  forests . 
   could you name that corporations ? 
  chatolic church . 
  omv . 
  fraport . 
  mcdonalds . 
  ...  why you did n't go through usual authorities like police and court ? 
  they have the police and the court in theip pocket . 
  and i dont have the money to fight them . 
   well , honey if you bring up data plans , you might as well count broadband . 
  free internet in schools , universeties , libraries , the city ...  the copyright holders . 
  thy still hold the copyright , i didnt steal that . 
  still expensive . 
   why it is good to swindle anyone ? 
  corporations steal from us , it if only fare we steal from them . 
  what are you on about ? 
  rome was in constant war . 
  hre constant shit going on , now finally when we have the nation state and everyone minds their own buisnis we are at peace . 
   technically not . 
  but the result is same . 
  there is one side which has something they did n't paid for but should and other side which was not paid . 
  [ if you steal something the owner no longer has it . 
  ] ( http://tightmixblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/piracy-not-theft-460x328.jpg )  50 years of socialism created a mindset where it is fine steal or make a fraud against company ... why is it wrong to swindle corporations out of some of their profits ? 
  [ * 1955 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_state_treaty ), 
   why should russia and usa not agree ? 
  edit : such a country would also have no austrian borders any more and they would need to be renegotiated . 
  you think russia and usa will agree to merge austria into germany ? 
  what ? 
   maybe because it 's convienient for streaming music i would also need a huge data plan , wich would cost me 30 $ / month . 
  making it not at all convenient .
