  also montenegro uses the $ but does n't print it . 
  i fully support any willing republics membership in this union . 
  however since i believe the eu is shit , i would discourage it . 
  noone knows . 
  universities here work in a different way , this related to most of the european university systems ( excluding the english ) . 
  you chose the course you want to study , so what diploma you will be doing , and subjects will be prescribed to you by default , you do not `` have to take '' you are prescribed . 
  and yes some shit is unrelated and vague and uninteresting . 
  but generally , it serves a purpose in the education you are attempting to achieve . 
  the entirety of the tv station `` nova 24 tv '', 
  inviting refugees to flod europe . 
  `` the west '' is a antiquated term used by the anglo-americans and should be actively discouraged in common discourse . 
  [ you can hike from maribor to the cost in about 21 days , and will probably not hear a sliver of news from satan blessed ` murica . 
  ] ( http://www.pespoti.si/spp.php ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_mountain_hiking_trail, 
  not all that common , since non-whites are a rarity in europe . 
  lol what ? 
  we do n't even have ` murican sweets here . 
  house pets are usually seen as family members . 
  while barn dogs/cats are seen as near house animals , useful for the homestead . 
  even smokers consider themselves sub people . 
   whole dispute is their fault . 
  what ? 
  greece insisting the country does not exist ? 
  [ the university of ljubljana . 
  ] ( https://www.uni-lj.si/ ) [ and it apparently ranks 477th in the world . 
  r/europe banned me for dissenting opinion . 
  but they do pose a security concern . 
  the recent chocolate war . 
   contactless payment makes it even more convenient . 
  yeah convinient for teft . 
  why so ? 
  cash , i like cash . 
  it was never actually part of romania . 
  but if the moldovans want into romania , and romanians want them , i think they should for a state union or a federation . 
  but given that romania is in the eu , moldova would first need to join the eu and then join romania . 
  we also need to remember the people of transnistria , who are fighting for independence since the yeat 1991 . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  i hope the mods solve the problem . 
   1.24 or 1,24 prety sure that is wron even in a pace like the so called republic of croatia . 
  prices in shops : 5,45 $ large numbers : 10.000 decimal places : 3,14159265359 quotation marks for quotes in text : \u201e text '', 
  it 's really not . 
  smokers are considered sub people here . 
  they are in . 
  deffinatly not . 
  we have the zl who is in the parlament and a bunch of eurosceptics lurking aroud, 
  stop the sharade , you were under selfrule . 
  depends on the crowd you hang with man, 
  in some countries you can get citizenship if you make a huge invesment . 
  sputink news ^ :p ^ ^ / s, 
  lel no russia does n't care much about europe , russia really does n't care about anyone who leaves them alone . 
  doew ww2 count ? 
  does hre count ? 
  how about bavaria ? 
  ilegal imigrants are ilegal imigranst , mo mather how you slice it . 
   northern ireland belongs to the people of northern ireland , not the people of a separate state . 
  if the people of ni want to become independent or join ireland then they can hold a referendum but the appetite for it is n't really there . 
  the people in n ireland are descendants of illegal immigrants , and have no claim ower the land they unrightfuly ocupy . 
  imagine the ilegal migrants in california spliting of from the us to join mexico . 
  or even the legal portugees in luxemburg joining portugal, 
   the uk was not created by the english it was however created by the barer of the english crown . 
   scotland had a referendum 2 years ago which was in favour of remaining in the union . 
  it is my understanding the voted to remain in the european union rhater than in the united kingdom . 
   northern ireland belongs to iraland . 
  the only sovereign in the uk is the king/queen . 
  not the nation ( people ), 
   the uk is not an 'em pire ' though is it , it is a country . 
  it 's a monarchy . 
  jo\u017ee, 
   normans ( french ) not french . 
   the uk has evolved over a thousand years so did the hre , its gone now . 
   but the impression you get on reddit is that the ` evil ' english are occupying all the other country 's in the union . 
  not really a reddit impression , more like fact shown by history . 
   only if the people who live their want to be yeah sure . 
  but why woulsd n't people want to be independant ? 
  because nations should be independent . 
  go to mexico, 
  yes, 
  fine , have your presous hapsburgs , we dont want them, 
  since most estonians are in contact with russian , i find that hard to believe . 
  nah , i 'm just trying to do what he said happenes to him with russian, 
  and estonian sounds hungarian . 
  i realize that , but im talking of how they sound . 
  i imagine they do to an outsider . 
  someone not versed in any could probably only distinguish between kentum and satem groups . 
  [ wrong . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/3oz8xld9djq2l2vftu/giphy.gif ), 
  all sounds the same to me . 
  sounds just like hungarian . 
  have you ever heard an estonian speak ? 
  i based my claims on those articles, 
  aparently you know nothing about your language . 
  there are only 3 uralic languages on this here continent , baltic-finish , sami and hungarian, 
   what do you call the indo-european-turkic languages ? 
  nothing . 
  because they are not related . 
  my bad is actually called the ural-altaic group . 
   erm , no . 
  there are many in between . 
  plus the fact that there are fewer languages in the uralic group does n't mean they are more similar to each other than the indo-european languages . 
  wich one ? 
  name all the uralic languages on the european continent .
