   un and international community does n't think that way . 
  never ruled on it . 
  if it went to the securety council they surely will not rule in croatias favor . 
   said by you . 
  as legitimate as your claim.of 5 usta\u0161e . 
  and you still have tensions . 
  the nazis and croats surpresed it at the beguining of the war . 
  read the book `` the blody history of croats '' it will broaden your horisons . 
  you are nato alies with slovenia . 
   which areas ? 
  come on , be precis areas in modern day , . 
   that 's about date . 
  you see resistance in modern day started many.monts erlier . 
   before croatian military-police operation `` storm * etnic clensing  you 've been there ? 
  met those nazis tv cameras were there . 
  the returnee told them what was going on . .  you are generilizing 4,5 milion croats beacuse of 30-50 thousand of people ( across all country ) ? 
  more like 2-3milion . 
   blic still need my daly dose of boobs . 
  but seriously turn on the rts and rtv slo rather than just buying the hrt propaganda . 
   meant , modern society in general does n't operates anymore in `` stick and beat '' mode . 
  and that is wrong . 
  border despute \u21f0 tension, 
  between the austrian and hungarian part of the empire . 
  you claimed there to be no border desput . 
  rhis is not the case . 
  the question was aimed at easterners . 
  1 . still not setteled 2 . a true reflection of what croats think . 
  thats when when he have the first documents to astablish the border . 
  fore more info on how istria is slpvenian you should contact zmago jelin\u010di\u010d , plemeniti , hes the expert on this . 
  information just 1 google search away http://www.jutarnji.hr/vijesti/hrvatska/pao-dogovor-izmedu-hrvatske-i-crne-gore-prevlaka-ide-na-medunarodni-sud-u-den-haagu/467965/ learn your stuf croat, 
   there is no t of tensions . 
  are borders are final pleas do not spread lies you have border desputes with not sure about but probably . .  wtf ? 
  those were regular , ordinary police for carrying only pistols , badly guided from ministry of internal affairs . 
  they were disarmed and kindly sent back home . 
  they had bulet proof javets and long barel guns rather than pistols . . 
  the border between austria and hungary in ah empire maybee . 
  erands are for wifes . 
  you ned a good brain washing buddy . 
  trains connect our country . 
  sit on a train and meat me.in bg . 
  well take a train to km from there . 
  lets go together . 
  train for belgrade lives at 21 something , meat you there . 
  there is no such thing as a kosovo republic . 
  the authonomous region of kosovo and metohia is an integral part of serbia . 
   you do n't say . 
  regional coalition goverment members amd.ministers of that goverment . 
  ita exactly as i claimed . 
  how about border tensions with montenegro . 
  presurem from croatia to owerturn dayton and that incursion of croatian special forces into hungary ? 
   do we print and mint euro ? 
  yes we do . 
  thats what being in the monetary union is about . 
  we mint our own coins and are integral in the printing proces frew our central bank being a part of the central bank . 
   still you fail to grasp that the regional coalition government is about as relevant now as the government of the pre-1994 belarus in exile ... why ? 
  they are the ones doing all the regional stuf in kosovo and metohia . 
  passin regional laws and controling the regional poloce force etc. 
   you are not very good at answering questions , are you ? 
  you are not wery good at facts buddy . 
  istria is inherently slovenian . 
  just return it . 
  we dont have any real jews in my country . 
  but most people here dislike the jewis state ( not antisemitism ) and many will half seriously say that jews have done enouth bas frw history and that what happenes to them in in a way deserved . 
  you are from central eurooe . 
  let the poor easterners have this one . 
  about 3, 
   and what 's your education if i may ask economy + civil servant uni . 
   and were you ever been in croatia ; no shiet ive been tl croatia . . wonderfull place horibl people . 
  i realy like the idea of and splitting it in half . 
  or better , eliiamnotcroat . 
  you are a croat . .  also , how can we be occupiers in our own countriy ? 
  because you ocupied areas outsid of it . 
   comunist party of croatia lifted uprise not only before slovenian cp , but first on in whole yugoslavia . 
  check dates if you ca n't belive it . 
  acording to croatian sources resistance in ndh ( by serbs , not croats who liked the ndh ) started in july 1941 . 
   you do realize that rsk is official name ( or it was ) for krajina ? 
  republika srpska krajina referes to a state , krajina referes to an area . .  nobody is denying them right to return . 
  croatian goverments even rebuilds theirs house hard to live in houses with no wate or power where you are constantly harased by the nazi locals . 
   conducted by extreme-right politicians , war veterans and peoples who lost a lot in war . 
  n are thy not croats ? 
   teachers discriminates students ? 
  opression of city vukovar ? 
  never heard for it . 
  turn on the news sometimes . 
   because modern society does n't work like that . 
  yeah i see how modern croatia is a fan of ndh and nazis an genocide . 
   when i said us , i meant people mentioned in my last reply . 
  do not put me in same bascet with fascists . 
  your countries army salooted your pressident at a genocide gloryfication with `` za dom spremni '' . 
   same things that western europe says about all balkans w europe has enouth truble with muslim terrorists right no , they dont care . . 
  the berlin conference settled that isue . 
  so hoped up on druges . 
   $ is their currency , sorry . 
  they use it officially so we can not dispute it . 
  do they print and mint it ? 
  no you say ? 
   yeah , i get that the serbian members of the regional parliament in pri\u0161tina claim kosovo is serbia not only that but also the regional coalition goverment . .  so if they think kosovo is part of serbia , why do n't they pass an act disestablishing the republic of kosovo ? 
  there is no need for that since kosovo and metohia is not a srepublic  alright , the population 5 was a figure of speech . 
  i thought you would understand that . 
  i change the figure to 100 .
