  think back to 99 and remembre, 
  whell tehnicaly it is a foreighn country . 
  im not about to start planing vacations 1 year in advancd , who knows what may happem . 
  terrorism is spreading . 
  imagine if germany had a constitution that said the 3rd reich never happened ... 
  you know what i would do with that kind of money ... wooh , 10 day vacations every summer , skiing trips every winter , id fucking get a spa membership ... 
  literalery the wikipedia article on the guy : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_von_habsburg, 
  you realy should folow the news, 
  yes . 
  the curent hapsburg , the crown prince of all the shit . 
  in parlament , 99 i believe, 
  ok , so it was the last croat kingdom . 
  a universety educated ofice worker in cant expect much more than 1200 . 
  the aweredge national pay is yust under 1000 . 
  1500 for . 
  student is . 
  lot, 
  i dont know where you get your 1 $ tickets or what your gigant pay must be , but travell is certanly not cheep . 
  see both sides had guns , he chose to live in any case xd, 
  when they were conplaining about jews when the guy was in the parlament . 
  it is a constituant country of the united kingsom . 
  still a country, 
  whell ydah thats a fuckload of money, 
  so we are just ignoring the fact ndh existed now ? 
  uk is mad up of more countries . 
  therfore going to england isbtehnicaly going to a nother country . 
  than england . 
  croatia is also not a legal sucesor of the ilirian provinces . 
  so what . 
  now now , slow down your mental gimnastics to get out of the percived acusation and realize what i said . 
  i said the las time you were a monarchy , you were ndh . 
  do you wnat that to happen again ? 
   1500 $ / month fuck !!!!!, 
  what are you some sort of an executive ? 
  rural vote klerical while neavou rich andnupper middle class in the cities vote liberal , suberbs vote socialist, 
  they blpck roads normaly , not reguarding terrorism . 
  mostly because ypu dont want people to b run ower b cars, 
  ljubljana , as rhe most beautifull city in the worl is welcoming any time pf year for any length of time . 
  you cant use that . 
  dubioza sednit for bosnia already, 
  yes they were . 
  last time croatia was a mpnarchy it was called the ndh ... do we want that again ? 
  dont be to hard on him musilini loteralery showed up armed and with thugs to the mandate giving, 
  what happened to beheading the kings ? 
  you people are fucking rich . 
  where do younget the money ? 
  * scotland counts you know ;-), 
  man you are rich . 
  i cross an out of eu borders many times a year, 
  sadly yes :( but let us remind ourselves how old is this concept , and how strongly it has been promoted , but those promotions were only holow it turns out . 
  the eus possition should always be that nations have the right to selfdetermination . 
  whell when you are 70 you do start getting smaler , that is a fact of life . 
  but montenegres have been tall frew history . 
  i cant remembre wich hapsburg maried a montenegries princes taler than him in order to produce a sun for 1 head taller tham himself, 
  means getting rich, 
  depends . 
  in general montenegries are 190 + usualy , and as you go south west in serbia ( towards montenegro ) people get taller . 
  jeah , and poland is central europe , as is czekia and hungary ... get with the euro-atlantic integration man xd e vs w a da smo mi saradili , i da nismo onemuga\u010davali komi\u0161je i bili zavistni , \u0161to se oni `` bogate '' , bili bi velesila, 
  yeah i know :-( unfortunatly . 
  maybe a better solution would be a mutual disolusion of both madrid spain and catalonia into a some sort of state union . 
  wich would desolve later keeping botj countries in the eu since neither would tehnicaly leave the other, 
  but the acession back in would be realy fast reguarding everething but spain, 
  also turks are not european, 
  yea of course . 
  why wouldnt the be ? 
  serbia , everibody is friendly to everyboy ( exept ther neoghbours ), 
  im pretty sure they have shown js they do . 
  by recent poling over 60 % wantssucesion while ower 80 % wants more authonomy . 
  its in the spirit of the . 
  and in line with selfdetermanation of nations, 
  eu sould support their secesion . 
  ostrich ? 
  that swam is still next to rome . 
  stay woke, 
  hes been surprisingly quiet lately . 
  and nah , i\u010d\u010d rade the armoury of zmago jelin\u010di\u010d plemenito, 
  [ lets trigger somw people ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/sl/thumb/a/ac/205fdb0f.jpg/200px-205fdb0f.jpg ), 
  dont do drugs , they are bad for you . 
  there is a reason they are banned . 
   literally dividing us all over again im saying we should than inkte into a confederation , not be devided . 
  i just want to get rid of the bad seeds . 
   jesus by those standards then nothing in the commonwealth is democratic , nor is the netherlands , spain , belgium , the netherlands , sweden , denmark ... do i even need to keep going ? 
  exactly . 
  a cpuntry whos head of state is heredetary ( ) is not democratyc . 
  that goas right against democratis principles . 
   it 's an extremely highpoint of culture go pray to alah for all i care . 
  but do not bring jahova into the afairs of the state . 
  and the state will not tell you to pray to shiva . 
  simple . 
  keep your devine colture outside the relms of the republic . 
  modern democracies have something called the seperation of churche and state . 
  interdesring, 
  if wood warm is in the rooth it is also in the house beems . 
  burn it , destroy that rooten shell lined with chrome lets start again . 
  monarchs are undemocratic . 
  if we are building a democratic union of countries such backwards countries should be excludes . 
  oh so an islamic state is bad bad , but a christian state is good ? 
  fuck the church . 
  if they wana worship aliens let them do so in their churches , but the state has no obligation to religions . 
  i did not know that .
