   still has some cost no . 
  all citizens have a right to a higher education if the fulfil the requirements . 
  that is finish high school and have good enough grades to get in . 
  the only potential cost is the cost of living if you have to move closer to uni because you are from the mountains or something . 
  some kind of soup - mot likely beef . 
  than some variation of potatoes and meat with salad on the side and maybe desert . 
  it 's one of those new age modern rituals no one really knows what it is . 
  in the home people still drink normal coffee , but out you can only get an expresso variation . 
  you do n't have to , i would deal with americans who are n't natives . 
  i once saw a black guy in piran . 
  they said he was the major . 
   i 'd maybe add drnov\u0161ek as a president to the best list . 
  as a pm he was ok , but as a president he was pretty chill . 
  he turned into a hippy , of course he was chill . 
  why the fuck would you do that ? 
  internet companies ? 
  we do n't do those . 
  we teach a mandatory second foreign language in high schools , and this is being moved down to start at the primary level soon . 
  learning languages is really encouraged . 
   would the american electoral system be considered to be democratic enough to be accepted in the eu ? 
  definitely not . 
   and if an existing eu member were to adopt say the electoral college , gerrymandering , voter registration , fptp with nominally private primaries , would it face sanctions for not being democratic enough ? 
  this part of the question is truly stupid . 
   electoral college , you do understand how the electoral college works ? 
  its application is only limited to federalized countries . 
  since it is a way for states to vote somewhat proportionally . 
   gerrymandering as in what ? 
  an official policy f what ? 
  changing voting districts to an end ? 
   fptp uk anyone ? 
   nominally private primaries `` primaries '' are an inter-party thing , i do n't see why that is a problem . 
  1000 years is a long time , and we have n't had any major wars recently . 
  why do you assume the us is desirable . 
  comparable to live in ? 
  i 'd say peoples republic of korea , peoples republic of china , myanmar , liberia . 
  it 's stupid and it needs to be stopped . 
  as a non-basqe i am fully supportive of their independence . 
  not as much stoked as confused . 
  there should be 0 us troops on european soil . 
  once a mentally ill guy ran at than current president with an actual hand grenade in his hand - was stopped by body guard . 
  the newly founded [ socialist party . 
  we take bundles of [ sticks/shavings/branches ] ( https://sl.wikipedia.org/wiki/butara#/media/file:velikonocnabutarica2.jpg ) to church to be sprayed with holy water . 
  and also a bunch of food . 
  turkey . 
   need no, 
  still water . 
  * central and south-eastern europe . 
  learn your geography god damit . 
  i do n't think it will be much of a problem for staying in hostels for short periods of time . 
  but you should check the prices before hand , of the countries listed czekia is probably the most expensive . 
  check out this guy for info on serbia : https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucg3ghrcu2wivesotgcxygjg, 
  it is ileagal , but getting caught with small amounts will only get you a court sanctioned slap on the wrist . 
  serbian laid back culture . 
  we are a unitarian republic . 
   should the us dictate what is wrong and what is right ? 
  lol what ? 
  that cesspool ? 
  i prefer the vatican to be honest than the us , and that 's saying a lot . 
   its influence goes beyond the borders unfortunately . 
   do european countries suffer from this ? 
  yes . 
   how can it be fought ? 
  french model but stricter . 
  you definitely want to see slovenia . 
  you can even access most tourist things conveniently enough by train . 
  we do n't have many large native restaurant chains . 
  that makes no sense . 
  we live in a world where normal people flirt irl , i know mad . 
  dating sites have been around but are mostly used by 30 + single losers and creeps . 
  what even is march madness ? 
  you will not find major metropoles in slovenia . 
  the population of the largest city is [ 300 000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_municipality_of_ljubljana ) . 
  it is somewhere you can relax from the hustle and bustle of grand urban centres , while still having all the amenities . 
  and no matter where you are , you are never too far away from a city or the country side . 
  yes . 
  sea land, 
  it should be stopped immediately . 
  small scale tampering or suspected tampering is dealt with disregarding the ballots . 
  large scale they redo the election . 
  minorities are native . 
   if i were to travel to the eu , should i expect any sort of prejudices due to being american ? 
  probably yes . 
   due to being black ? 
  depends in what country . 
  here yes , because many people have never seen a black guy , especially in the rural area . 
  and they will be fascinated . 
   i do n't speak a 2nd language , will that be a problem ? 
  countries like spain and france are not all that knowledgeable of english . 
   any recommendations about places to visit are also welcome . 
  you should definitely visit slovenia, 
  those places serve ice cream ? 
  disgusting , stay away . 
  i would divide the mainland us between mexico and canada . 
  while giving alaska and haway to russia . 
  puerto rico and others will be freed , to become a republic . 
  you should come to slovenia . 
  the main international airport has regular flights to london ( also bruxelles etc. ) . 
  you can chose from a myriad of landscapes , from an alpine landscape to the seaside to the planes and to the rolling hills . 
  cost of living is low , while you get all the top eu standards . 
  place is friendly to the brits and inviting of foreign buisnis .
