  the czekia flag , wins hands down . 
  no man . 
  the blue banana is not where you want to be . 
  you should go to the balkans . 
  fly from ( chicago to ny ) ny to belgrade and start from there , explore serbia , macedonia , bosnia , montenegro , slovenia , croatia . 
  and i guarantee you 'll have a blast . 
   i think he means ` monuments lit up , ' like the eiffel tower was after the french attacks nah we do n't do that , its stupid . 
   rather than setting monuments on fire like ` alight ' means . 
  what 's wrong with a good arson ? 
  for some reason , yes it is . 
  pope john paul ii , idk he was nice . 
  never really had to ask myself that question . 
  you have to adhere to public decency i guess . 
   croatian lel, 
  the current capitals . 
  many who live near the border work in austria . 
  i barely use those things , i have them mostly boted , so idk what people do . 
  nop . 
  what ? 
  what do you mean by :  monuments set alight, 
  [ to so gadi ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0190074/ ), 
  but why would i care ? 
  the only part of data colection vpn confuzes is your location . 
  there are no legal repercutions for me for doing stuff on the net . 
  so what ? 
  i am not, 
  they eat whale . 
  speak some einchant language . 
  are all related . 
  everione is in a dna database . 
  they are . 
  head of government is not necessarily head of state . 
  in slovenia those are 2 different offices . 
  anyone can be the head of government as long as they are over 18 and a citizen . 
  people came from all acros the board , professional politicians to lawyers . 
   at least on reddit , it seems like the thing europeans dislike most about america , this is also true irl, 
  as always , a war in the balkans . 
  probably how to be more arrogant . 
  you ca n't be an ex-catholic , once you are baptized your soul belongs to them . 
  you acn order an italian which is 0,33 l , r a 0,5 l some places will also have ( rarely ) 1l stines . 
  because they are dangerous . 
  celovec , because that 's where it all started . 
  its not even a city :p, 
  not really . 
  and also why would that matter ? 
  aside from that ? 
  not much . 
  slovenia is the place for you . 
  you can study some economy courses in english . 
  cheap af and awesome country . 
  yes . 
  but why do you want it ? 
  we have net neutrality and privacy of communication guaranteed by law . 
  unlike some 3rd world countries apparently . 
  slovenia is the best place for you . 
  iceland , i mean wtf iceland . 
  we have programmes to increase birth rate . 
  maybee r/history will be more helpfull . 
  but in general most european countries turned fascist in that time to manufacture `` stability '' and because europe was in crisis . 
  also other democratic countries refused to support democratic movements . 
  not at all . 
  its full of liberals, 
  why do you need vpn ? 
  has there been a single recorded terror attack in belarus ? 
  how many police does your country have per 100 000 people ? 
  how tightly are your borders monitored both by you and your neighbors ? 
  they will not belarus is a safe country . 
  much safer than any place in the eu . 
  they do n't want to attack anyone less important and safer , like belarus . 
   n my opinion discrimination based on nationality should be considered racism too . 
  why ? 
  it has nothing to do with race . 
   that 's a weird question to ask the whole europe . 
  also why would you go to [ italy ] ( http://img.timeinc.net/time/photoessays/2008/naples_garbage/garbage_naples_08.jpg ) when you can go to [ slovenia ] ( https://www.slovenia.info/en ) ? 
   i assure you , i ca n't . 
  that 's impossible . 
   there 's not even a single operational am station , as far as i know . 
  i get radio moscow here in ljubljana , and i bet you can too . 
  yes, 
   as for radio , number of stations is limited and they usually do n't play what i want . 
  it 's easier to just type in `` driving in sunshine '' or something when i 'm going to another city . 
  that makes 0 sense . 
  there are hundreds of fmradio stations and many am national stations . 
   it 's not targeting ethnic turks , it 's targeting turk citizens/people who live in turkey even in that case it would not be racist . 
   eastern europe #triggered, 
   to all the tv channels , etc. 
  free shit  just like that music in the background when driving or cooking there is this brand new thing called radio brodcast . 
  in that case not racist . 
  europeans and turks are both white . 
  case closed . 
   if it concerns you or not is not the point , it 's still a precedent . 
  countries have borders for a reason . 
   this is n't applicable to copying , if you were to write the code yourself than maybe , but that 's not what happens . 
  i could buy a wooden shoe , copy it with a specialized machine and i would own the copy . 
   if you actually believe that , you 're delusional . 
  are you saying artists ca n't go to the gallery to paint shit that on the walls ? 
   did you rewrite a book yourself ? 
  did you record a track ? 
  did you program a game ? 
  no you did not , you clicked `` paste '' , that not the same as making a reproduction of a painting .
