  cant change it now . 
   how many diplomatic relations does nsk have ? 
  idk nazi germany probably . . 
   of course kosovo has a currency : euro . 
  $ is not their curency . 
  $ is merely the predominatly used curency in that region . 
  the kosovo an metihia region does not print their own money . 
  using someone elses curency doent make that curency yours . 
  not only parliament members but also coalition goverment members of the regional goverment claim that . 
  you relay should get your fact straighr . 
  you are also conflating it seems the regional parliament in pri\u0161tina with the national parliament in belgrade . 
  read up we said population more than 5 . 
  also sea land probabl had more than 5 people . 
  and molosia has 4 or is it 5 ? 
  idk ... nsk claimes to be an independant state . 
  they passports were used for travell in the past . 
  how about kingdom of rodona is that a country ? 
  what else can i think of errm houw about gay and lesbian kingdom of the coral sea islands ? 
  is that a country ? 
  next thing you know fucling tovarna rog will be a coutry . 
   and you know that dr. tu\u0111man was `` genocidal maniac '' how ? 
  erm his actions and doctrine . .  seriously , how old are you ? 
  36  antifascist battle against the occupying forces and it 's servents in croatia began before slovenian one . 
  wrong 1 neither sloveni nor so called croatia existed bac than ( until ndh was founded ) 2 tigr 3 you were the ocupiers . 
  * independant * state of croatia buddy . 
   diversion in cities across ndh exactly , not in italy or german ocupied lands , but in the croatian state . 
   history is not black or whit we delt with purs , you havet . 
   and no , nobody deserves to end in pit no matter who certian i am that my cause is right and others wron oh but they do . 
  traitors deserve nothing better . 
   it is strong but does not and will not prevail . 
  reparations to who ? 
  ourself ? 
  ndh did n't invade any country ndh invades slovenia serbia and bosnia . 
  and killed thousands of jews and fipsies , alongside serbs . 
   seriously , you in debate about ndh you bring out rsk these noone mentioned rsk the fact remained you genocidal manoaxs desplaced thousanda from the krajina area and refuze to alowe them to retuen . 
   but democracy is the worst form of government on earth except for all the rest what does it mean . 
  local selfmanagment socialism was much better than this fewdal system we have now . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  probably serbian issue , but which one ? 
  th polive alowing the smashing of cirilyc signes in minorety areas . 
  teachers insistin in discriminationg minorety students . 
  the constant opression the city of vukovar has faced from the croation owerlords ...  must admit i do n't understand fully this statement . 
  police were there beacause it was rally in the center of the capital . 
  by our laws , police always monitors or at least give you permision to rally . 
  why did the police not beat them into a blody pulpe ? 
   children concentration camps in ndh . 
  where are the reoarations ? 
   what then makes us `` nazi symphatizers '' ? 
  `` za dom spremi '' at the glorification of the oluja genocide  you have something against croats no shit . 
  who wouldnt hate murderers , rapists , teafs , genocidal maniacs , nazis ... 
  get your facts straight . 
  kosovo has no curency . 
  russia does not recognize transnistria . 
  south ossetia and abhkazoa also do not have a curency . 
  kosovo has a regional parliamend , and members of the regional goverment have repetedly stated rhat kosovo is a integral part of serbia . 
  liberland has a offitial population of 8-10 . 
  nsk has a tone of cityzens . 
  wrong . 
  brasil , mexico ect make much more surfive are and people than canada and us while all being in the western hemasphere . 
  i was talking about sea land and molossia . 
  at lest liberland is not claimed by any astablished coutry . 
  as credible as kosovo . 
  italy recognizes them as independant states . 
  liberland claims serbia acknowladge their existance . 
  while sea land claims de facto recognition by the uk and germany . 
  didnt you just say that was bilbos alias ? 
  get your tin foil hat on straight man . 
  im pretty sure liberland recognized molossia and sea land . 
  still not a country . 
  the population of molossia 100 % supports their dictator , but are still a part of the . 
  are you next going tk say nsk is an independant state ? 
  you cant declare independance and be a country . 
  by those standards fucking molossia is a country . 
  i have been l reddit for 4 monts due to travell and you only notice r/europe that liberal sespool ? 
  vodka redi . 
  what ? 
  the authonomous region of kosovo is part of serbia . 
  no question about it . 
  how many multis does this guy have !? 
  bilbo is that you ? 
  tell me , are you 1 person ? 
  you can trust me my little multy acpunt i wont tell th man . 
  dont read the english media man . 
  their clickbaty titles are deceving . 
  when russia anexes us ... 
  you should agree wit me more :p, 
  nah they were only angry for the truck trafic being stopped for a while , as long as trucks can pass its all good . 
  once i agree with this guy \u21e7, 
  not realy , serbia has border disputes with only croatia i believe . 
  the bosnia one was setteled . 
  i mean they are . 
  they have border disputes all ower for no reason what so evever . 
  i have actualy.met people from macedonia . . they in fact do lpve serbia . 
  and have an eversion to bulgaria for some reason . 
  whatever you do , dont call them.bulgars . 
  rrepublika srpska is an internationaly recognozed political enthety and a crutial part of bosnia . 
  and if i remembre correctly serbia didnt run a train with armed man into hungary . 
  serbia has great relations with republika srpska ( thats in bosnia ) , and is also a guarant of pece in bosnia . 
  kosovo is a part of serbia so i dont see how internal afairs are relevant . 
  and croats are just dicks tbh,
