  idk usualy this things cost birocracy fees . 
   my dad has a current polish passport great  my mom became a naturalized usa citizen poland probably doesnt care about that . 
  you will need to present her polish papers . 
   i can get their long form birth and marriage certificates the exact requiermets will be told to you by the embasy . 
  but you will probably need those and your own birth ceritificate . 
  go to the the embasy, 
  300km is not a small area dood, 
  you dont get it dont you ( no wonder you lost the war ) . 
  its all about diversety in a slamm area . 
  whel not all the regions , just from normandy to cot t de azure . 
  lol , dood ive been to you little france . 
  ive seen paris , and everething between normandy and cot de azure . 
  you know russia ? 
  its a gigant country and has an enormous amount of different landscapes . 
  but the point is there is no other other country of conparable size with such diversety in such a small area . 
  mont blanc belonges to italy . 
  i told you , no adriatic , no panonia no nothing . 
  all you have is alps among tjose things i stated, 
  i have been to avignon . 
  it does not . 
  can you see a single 2000 + meter peek from it ? 
  is it within reasnoble distance ? 
  how far away is the adriatic cost ? 
  and can you find them all on such a small area ? 
  didnt think so . 
  have you heard of a thing called panonia ? 
  eo sou kno what alps are ? 
  are you familiar with the adriatic ? 
  hows your knowladge on dinarje-kras region ? 
  * mike drop *, 
  lol n00b , in slovenia on a much smaler are you have sooooo many different landscapes . 
  bet youre glad for that half a centurs of socialism right now . 
  the nature , and the forests . 
  go to slovenia , its dam cheep and high qualety education . 
  i doubt he is in any polish books , so he would need to aply and get the papers sorted out , same for hish children . 
  i doubt this . 
  you will probably have to : - prove you are the son of your parents - prove the existance of your parents - prove the nationalezy of yourself bia your parents, 
  oh in that case it shouldnt be that hard for you to get polish papers . 
  there is no stand alone eau cityzenship . 
  any cityzenship of a member country is by defaut ei cityzenship . 
  now im not sure about poland but i dont tuink you having haf lived there is enouth for naturalization , most eau countries are all about that `` blod and land '' . 
  reguardless it always pays to have dual cityzenship . 
  far from it . 
  slovenia is much more . 
  the germans living here for 300 years are still germans . 
  blod and land man , bloda and land, 
  18 y. o. 
  21h of lesonst at least pas the road rules test pas the first aid test than pas the driving test, 
  you should go to slovenia , or even make a yugo-trip . 
  i would quite like that . 
  i dislike the curent federative direction eu had taken . 
  nop . 
  an it would be ilegal to discriminate, 
  in slovenia its ilegal . 
  not only that the farmer whl ownes the land/foreat migjt hit you with a showel . 
  driving in slovenia means ro drive at leas 10k/h mlre than the limit . 
  and yeling at idiots who cant drive, 
  yes . 
  but the will is not final if the parent decides to cut off his son and leave everething to his grandson the sun has the right to a `` mandetory share '' which is a 4th of the inheretanve . 
  black in i dont thing there was a single black person born in slovenia . 
  we do have some slovenia born and raised mulatos, 
  thank you . 
  you should move to slovenia . 
  great landscape , exelant complex language, 
  the now democratic goverment there has done a lot for the people and tha island . 
  their medical sistam is amayzing, 
  yeah , having no homeland cam be abitch . 
  im half slovenian and half serbian . 
  both countries are `` my '' and i consider myself yugoslavian . 
  but if i answer a question of that tipe by saying im yugoslavian people at best case state that the country nolonger exists at worst make fun of me . 
  ps , support for a free abhkazia . 
  h is a righti polititian ho already led 2 goverments . 
  he has a large cult like folowing but everione else hates him, 
  nonthe bak decides on their own weather or not to give you a loan . 
  i would try to buy it beforehand , so not to waste time . 
  if they dont want to ship try to arange it before so you can jus pick it up, 
  than look to buy an englosh sim with a eu plan, 
  you will burn in the lake of fire . 
  did you just call the bible nonsece ? 
  their crimes transfer to you . 
  your flesh and blod . 
  your ancestors . 
  your kin did . 
  khm , native americans, 
  go genocide another race . 
  go disreguard a nother security council decision . 
  auch a policy would be great for eu, 
  yes . 
  ech nation imposes their own tax and their own metric of imposing it . 
  most famous is croatia for they only take cash for tourist tax . 
  any plan you get will work in all countries . 
  if you will not leave eu at any poit you should just look at some of any eu coutries holyday pacets . 
  whats your entry point ? 
  republic of serbia and the serbian republik ( republika spska ) are in grat cooperation . 
  serbia is also makig many investments into the republic and also strengtening tise with the federation . 
  after all it is the role of serbia ( after dayton ) to guarantee pece in bih, 
  go atack a country which did nothing to you so you can support a tarrorist organisation . 
  go spread some land mines around to kill civilians . 
  stupid american . 
  listen to the bot .
