  go see some sights rather than colect pokemon, 
  in poland they are paramilitary . 
  and those paramilitary get highered by ukrain . 
  maybe the foreighn legion , and ukrain . 
  isis is also highering . 
  they would find out . 
  you just posted it here , online for all to see . 
  when my cousin went to a military high school in serbia they checked on us livin in slovenia . 
  the military knows how to get info budy . 
  also their psiho tests are good . 
  go to ukrain , theyy take you as a foot solder, 
  thats why you should direct him at placed like ukrain , syria , karabah , ect . 
  theyll take anything, 
  you can try ukrain , but i doubt they will train . 
  pilot . 
  try places like transnistria , south osetia , abhkazia . 
  im prety sure ukrain is taking foreighn mercenaries to fight new russia , new russia is also taking foreighners and american are already serving there . 
  how about joing the french foreighn legion ? 
  why wont the americans have you ? 
  to crazy ? 
  dont they take all the kanon fotr they can get ? 
  you know coledge ia free ower here , you dont need to join the army . 
  austria took our land and inslaved our people . 
  italy took our land and inslaved our people . 
  hungary took our land and inslaved our people , croatia wants to take our land and ozr rightfull acses to the open see . 
  you should learn a slabic lanhuage like say russian . 
  its a big language not to mention a lingua franca for most of the former ussr . 
  if you want to learn some trickey grammer and speak an arhaic language learn slovenian , it will give you insight to south and west slavic languages . 
   would anyone even accept such a concept ? 
  probably only the crazy englishman and modernist duch . 
   even the concept of a homogenous spain is rejected by most people . 
  accept madrid , the king and franco ey, 
  there are only 300 countriesin the entire world . 
  how hard is it to learn lagues . 
  we did change a dozan asembelies since than . 
  and the republoc can still be sued . 
  i think we should ban american tv . 
  and tighten both external border of the and also suspend shengen and reipose internal borders . 
  burek somehow came to . 
  and for aome reason we put sour crouts and wurst in it . 
  also most populas is chese burek . 
  consider that !, 
  exyugoslavia , mostly and , not so much, 
  didnt the people chose the representatives ? 
  and do we realy want a referendum on store closimg times ? 
  lets put it to our representatives to decide . 
  normal ? 
  you call a frencham normal ? 
   ion was the difference ? 
  3 times the yes . 
  what are you on about ? 
  werent the irish ontheir side during ww2 ? 
  # archer, 
  7 years at the most . 
  but that will happen reguardles of nato . 
  they should be banned in the whol eu , sail and growing of gmos that is, 
  now forcing the lunch hour makes nosense , if you want take it , here it is if you dont thats fine . 
  whell i think we should close on sundays . 
  it was the will of the people . 
  we are great friends with . 
  central europe . 
  your geography is impecable ... google slavonija, 
   may i also draw your attention to the legally binding referendum in 2003 where the people decided that stores should not be open on sundays . 
  have you seen anyone respect the outcome of this referendum ? 
  yeah , me neither . 
  you are free to sue the republic . 
  i wear green camuflagues . 
  isnt strasburg the capital ? 
   oh , i do , when i am . 
  this is n't the case , though . 
  the argument was wether the constitution alowed a nation or a republic to exit sfrj . 
   tell any serious slovenian linguist that you took sskj as gospel , and they 'll laugh at you . 
  tell any serious english linguist that you took oxford dictionary as gospel , and they 'll laugh at you . 
  you want me to break out pravopis ? 
  not much of a definition but still the same thing tuje dr\u017eavljanstvo , odvzeti dr\u017eavljanstvo , slovenski narod . 
  see the pattern here ? 
  or shall we move to the serbian language for the same deffinition ? 
   i ca n't even ... 
  when did the slovenian nation settle in these here lands ? 
   murska republika ok what about it ? 
  a slovenian atempt of creating a socialist republic . 
  shortlived but brave . 
   ooooh , you 're one of `` those people '' . 
  what people ? 
  luxemburges ? 
  may i remind you that even our cityzenship is partly tied to nationalety this concept being called `` narodizem '' as acording to dr. luk\u0161i\u010d . 
   well then , was interesting talking to you , but i do n't want to waste my time with `` you people '' . 
  you some sort of rog hippy ? 
   okay out neither is belgium, 
   at a civilized law ? 
  and its two years, 
  isis has bosnian video makers , trust me there are isis man who know about this chatolic haven here, 
   kunstfr ? 
   the acknowledgment of the existence of a right and the implementation of that acknowledgment do n't have to align . 
  my point is based on the yugoacknowledged existence of that right , not on how yugoslavia chose to implement it . 
  youre bending into a pretsel man . 
  admit it when you are wrong ...  oxford disagrees with you - note the or - and they know more about words than you or i do . 
  sskj disagres with you . 
  and they are not some cheep dictionary made every year and efected by sjws . 
  - \u00f3da m ( \u00e1 , o\u0323\u0301 ) 1 . skupnost ljudi , navadno na dolo\u010denem ozemlju , ki so zgodovinsko , jezikovno , kulturno , gospodarsko povezani in imajo skupno zavest : dr\u017eavlj\u00e1n in dr\u017eavlj\u00e0n - \u00e1na m ( a\u0311 ; a\u030f \u00e1 ) pripadnik dolo\u010dene dr\u017eave  that 's literally how just about all of the world got settled .
