  comedy cant hold a candle to comedy, 
  arent you guys finaly leaving the union ? 
  wouldnt thaz mean that you can in no way be a part of that . 
  i would never accept such a concept as a homogenous europe . 
  thats nonses . 
   avalry name was mos whell yes , but the main thing is horses against takns . 
  thats the main take away from this . 
   th a ha the polish kevelry also held back a colum of german tancs harasing it for a few days with a light canon . 
  the apartment building im curently livin i. was built in 1973 but im mowing into onw built in 1955, 
  why would you need a trety to be a nation ? 
   excuse us if we are too busy buried under student debt and life expenses to be able to have the energy to manage what our goverment does . 
  you pay 2 $ per galon of gasolene . 
  you know what th pric is in slovenia ? 
  its 1,2 $ per liter . 
  people are strugeling much more than you and still you are the one wining ? 
   alright , so for start , our military is still somewhat mobilized your fault not my . 
   so any armed revolution would get squashed under tank treads and drone air support . 
  where im from its ilegal for the army to turn on the civilian population . 
  and what makes you think the army would be against the revolution ? 
  in egypt they stood by doing nothing . 
  in russia they joined the revolution . 
   secondly a civil revolution is difficult because our establishment is designed in such a way as to pit half the population against the other half ; but rendering both incapable of rendering any real change to the system beyond what is immediately popular for liberal and conservative leaning citizens respectively . 
  we have been devided since the austro-hungarian empire , but have managed to defed the nazis and make a country . 
  we had a blody civil war between 41 a d 45 . 
  do something , your voice counts . 
  you are a part of the nation and therforth responsible for its governing . 
   its not like we do n't care , its just we legitimately have no capacity to render any change within the system anymore . 
  sa\u0107tart a political party . 
  or destroy the society , tare it to the ground . 
  and build up a socialist state , of the people , by the people , for the people, 
  this here nation settled here by the 7th century a. d . we have first surviving socument in the slovene language from the 10th century a. d. 
  erm nop brush up your history budy . 
  the nation is responsible for its goverment . 
  as are we responsible for our goverments runing us into the ground so are you responsible for the war crimes you commit . 
  the nation has a the right to a revolution at any time . 
  my nation never invaded anyone . 
  we have commited 0 war crimes . 
  unlike some people ... 
   `` immigrant nation '' yo could call it that , you could call it also `` genocidal maniacs '' , `` invading power '' , `` thert to world pece '' ect . 
  ect . 
   nt part of american foods rather than yes thats because muricans are fond of stealing stuf and being morbedly obese . 
   s however ; everywhere in america . 
  so have you heard of a deep fries mars bar ? 
  mcdonalds, 
  is it a slip or a chip card ? 
  what type is it ? 
  yes it is comon for american creit cards to b rejected , just go to a random bank and take money out in cash . 
  thos places are boring , go to ljubljana or belgrade, 
  nop , you can put your kid in the public day care . 
  cant be done . 
  to much national based animosety . 
   charged cavalry against german tanks you did sort of do that . 
  that one canon they had did wonders however . 
  newer been surprized by stupid foreighners so far . 
  im not sure for foreigners , but you have to have finished your high school . 
  most courses are in slovene some ar in english , but i havent hearf of them demanding english or slovene exams , you just need to understans what the profesor is saying . 
  only say medical and art coledge have enterance exams , for their respected feelds . 
  i know my macedonian coleges just signed uo with no exams . 
  you have to stay at the windiw long enouth . 
  my friend from italy got a room in a student dorm after having had to stay in a high school dorm . 
  wana make a new survey wit me ? 
  support for helvetia . 
   these people are idiots , they have no idea what etnicety is . 
  for stupid american special snowflakes, 
  nationalety is not where you live its where you are from , your blod, 
  and you are right to think so, 
  thats an ethnic group . 
  for example an italian national might be etnicly slovenian , where would that put him ? 
  just say race next time, 
  dood in europe we understan race and ethnicety differently than them muricans, 
  ethnicety in europe means your national background , yozr roots , not your race, 
  nationalety does not equal cityzenship man , im a yugoslav national with dual cityzenskip of two republics of exyu . 
  how am i to fill it out ? 
  correct this mistake . 
  they can get rooms in student dorms butthere is a waiting list and some paper work to do . 
  ljubljana has a great uni with hiht ranking in the world , and is cheep, 
  go to slovenia , we have free uni . 
  at most you might have to pay 2000 $ per year . 
  but i have mates from macedonia who study for free so it souldnt be a problem for you, 
  lol god no . 
  they are fat idiots . 
  us cant order that , if they did id take up a gun and fight . 
  id say between 2050 and 2055, 
  you can fly to new your from belgrade for 250 $ ,, 
  its the dam portugese in luxemburg who dont know how to drive . 
   why i find it staggering is that english is not the easiest to learn grammatically , hahahahaha learn a slavic language budy . 
  preferably say ... slovenian . 
  xd than you will know what gramer is . 
  yes they do . 
  the englis never learn any language, 
  yeah , for serbian its enouth to have one grand parent . 
  whell than you have no problem . 
  go there and do it, 
  go to the embasy . 
  its a little pece of poland in america . 
  yes thats the 3asies way, 
  ask poland about that . 
   who do i prove it to ? 
  to the state of poland , frew the embasy or if you are in poland probably ministery if internal afairs . 
   does it cost money ?
