  but in you country they could simply say their name is sheloc holmes an they live on baker street 10, 
   surely people `` lose '' their id cards in communist countries who insist upon this ? 
  wo said anything about communism ? 
   lose '' their id cards and get jailed until their identety can be astablished , than they get fined . 
  it basicly is , eu and its comonwealth ( i used that word for a reason ) and ex-socialist countries ,, 
  like to lie your ars of to a policeman ? 
  and to commit a crime in someone elses name ? 
  people do that . 
  people have don that even in better voting sistems because they knwe the ppl in the commitry . 
  if anything it proves my point, 
   actually laughed out loud at this . 
  whats funy about that ? 
   sigh which is all well and good , but you still have to collate all these people somehow , then turn up and vote for them , without being found out , all on the same day . 
  even people voting for their dead mother are enouth . 
  its a masive hole in hte sistem . 
   the idea of the police stopping people on a protest and forcing them to show id is a little chilling , echoes of communism . 
  its not forcing people , they have to do it by law . 
  no force is required . 
   it is against the law to have the wrong address on your driving license , that is quite separate to the right to vote . 
  it takes time to update , you might not even be able to drive anyway . 
  how about an id card ey ? 
  which take 1 week to get a new one . 
   dead people do n't get polling cards , you completely and fundamentally misunderstand the system . 
  people who die a week before the vote already have poling cards . 
  im not troling , im sincere . 
   the queen 's `` power '' is all in name . 
  and law . 
   why is it `` normal '' or desirable for countries to insist on all people having id , and having id on them at all times ? 
  because you need to identify people . 
  for example on protest , when they commit a crime ect . 
   it sounds like what you see in ex-communist hellholes stop watching bbc propaganda comerad . 
  eu took in a bunch of ex-socialist countries in ' 04 . 
   round beating people up if they do n't show them their papers . 
   in practice , it does . 
  make voting mandatory like australia . 
   as i said there is no mandatory national id card , therein lies the problem  people vulnerably housed or renting may not have the right address on their official id isnt that ilegal ? 
   insisting on id is ensuring more votes for the establishment , against the average person on the street !, 
  erm make everione get an id first  if you want an open democracy with a good turnout ensuring the most accurate result , this is the best way of doing it . 
  so that dead people can vote ? 
  ( khm putin )  there is a small risk of small scale fraud but it would be massively offset by the benefits . 
  any fraudelent vote can make the whole box invalid . 
   ever had any of those ? 
  we are the ones who defetd fascism remembree , while you people were still at home drinking tea , refuzing to open a second front . 
  thats the eu comonwealth , same shit , slightly shittier countries . 
   the queen has no political power , so you can put the comparison aside with north korea really . 
  grants pasports ( whel at least in the name ) , can declare a war at any time , can dispand parlament , calls the parlament into asembely , ownes tons of land , muches of the public money ...  so in your system you look up people in a phone book , visit them to check if they are bed ridden or a teenager , then turn up at the polling station , vote for them , then repeat until your candidate has more than your rival . 
  all without getting caught or raising any suspicions . 
  then repeat across the whole country . 
  in a single day . 
  with enouth people , a good computer and some money it certanly is possible . 
   you do not have to have id ( legitimation ? ), 
  at all times , nor is it a requirement to have any at all for uk , i know . 
  thats why i said in normal countries . 
   hat is something that kim jong un would insist on !, 
  actualy koreans dont get travel documents  the feeling is that requirement to show id puts people off voting therefore reduces the turnout hence makes it less fair overall . 
  why would it put them of ? 
  that makes no sense . 
   those who have an up-to-date passport or driving license tends to favour richer people or those who do not move house / live in rented accomodation . 
  dood , homeles people have id cards here , it realy eint that hard . 
   it increases democracy hahaha democracy , in a monarchy , you crack me up . 
   the `` show your papers '' has echoes of the us when black people were effectively banned from voting with certain policies . 
  yeah , there is nolonger any slavery in the civilized world . 
  we for example never had it , soooo ... . and you are from uk not usa, 
   i 'm probably not going to get through to you on any rational level as a grand conspiracy ( involving the queen of `` enbgland '' ? ), 
  can be the answer for everything . 
  may as well have a go though out of interest 's sake . 
  it was just an option . 
   involving the queen of `` england '' ? 
  she is a hereditary ruler , like kim jong un  they would n't be registered to vote if they are dead , freshly dead  there is also how we identify `` tenagers '' or the `` bed riden '' . 
  visit them  constituencies are larger than that . 
  are you sure ? 
  how do you elect a myor of a small town than ? 
   rather than only open to those who can `` show their papers '' . 
  you have to have your legitimation at all times anyway ( in normal countries that is ) why is it hard to show it at the poling station ? 
   `` show their papers '' why do you people have such a problem with this ? 
   if people did want to fiddle it then it would need a concerted effort for people to go round with the correct details for people on the electoral register , there is this brand new thing called the phone book people can get for free . 
   then repeat without getting caught , or recognised , go to a different place . 
   and without the real people either voting already or turning up and finding their vote has been taken already . 
  make sure they are either dead or bed riden or tenagers . 
   a single occcurrence of that would spark a huge investigation . 
  or a goverment cover up  in constituencies where the margin is a few thousand , you would need several thousand more people going out and voting for other candidates . 
  but in towns with inly 1000 people it would surely make a difference , especialy in first past the post system  `` dictatorship '' queen of enbgland  into this , and why we have n't used computerised voting . 
  even more chance of fraud  it explained the old fashioned method is actually harder to manipulate and less prone to problems . 
  yes , but only if you id the voters, 
   it h no why oh great leader ? 
  if you like the outdors , if you like mountins and hils , lush forests , open country vecinety of the sea good public education ect . 
  move to slovenia , it has all of this things and more . 
  french in the eu russian in the rest of the continent . 
   ou can just turn up and tell them your name and address . 
  lol imagine all the impostors you ppl must have . 
  no vonder you are still a dictatorship . 
   n my wal you can also travel to exyu republics with an id card , tho i do not recomend bih and macedonia , use a pasport to be sure, 
  i have an id card , drivers licence , pasport - these are the offitial documents , i also have a students id card i use the id card and pasport when crossing the border which is what 5 times a yera . 
  i have only once been legitimated by the police at all and i have never had to use my drivers licence . 
  i also use my id card in the banc when making withdraws on the counter . 
  i always cary my id card with me since you have to hve an offitial photo id with you at all times , and i also prety much always cary my drivers licence since i drive a lot . 
  how about a presidential candidate anouncing this ? 
  than change . 
  dont use mobile internet . 
  you dont need it .
