  chrome ? 
   i 'm not a junkie , i just enjoy psychodelics lol how adicted are you ? 
  why is it backwards to condem the use of such neferious substances . 
  shanghay pact , brics , maybee eeu but i doubt it, 
  in the good old days people would get the 13th pay check . 
  you can just buy your next fix in barcelona . 
  it should display them as flags, 
  ok so you have a house with a shiny rooth with a few holes . 
  you only see the holes and decide to fix them . 
  insted of fixink the woodworm infested beems holding it up . 
  is flawed in its rotten core . 
  and we also have a bunch of monarchies and chriatian states as members , thats plane wrong in a democratic union, 
  teach your browser unicode . 
  europe is already realy federative . 
  and i dont like how its structured , that is why i argue for disolusion of . 
  there is no fixing it . 
  we can start a fonfederation insted of a union and this time around make clear rules for the future and only alowe republics in . 
  fuck monarchies they do not belong in the 21st century . 
  the emoji flags ? 
  a new confederation of european republics will !!, 
  i would deffinatly take arms myselfif my country were to be atacked by the croats or the filthy germans/italians/hungarians . 
  go to the forrests and fight for freedom . 
  yeah that nato thing commiting war crimes in secret and arming terrorist groups . 
  yes . 
  yes deffinatly . 
  what little letters ? 
  lol look if are doing it , so can we . 
  make comission mandated yt knock of . 
  a search engine ... 
  look its obvious im in the right here . 
  i am not going to fall for ypur falme b8 again . 
  have a nice day , nem\u0161kutar, 
  the guy who brings preasents on new years, 
   but eu states seem keen on collecting data a eu firewall would not prevent data gathering from within the eu   and i do n't know how the eu prevents either espionage or the interception of data when it crosses outside of the eu . 
  exactly , at least the eu as a whole should build a `` sovereighn internet '' protected with strong firewals, 
  santa is not real . 
  only dedek mraz is real . 
   this eu exactly . 
  we need to burn this and raise an european confederation from its ashes, 
  i want slovenia to leave the eu alongside with v4, 
   whether it is legal under your national law sort of ceases to be relevant , when it 's a foreign intelligence agency and you ca n't really do anything to stop it . . ma point is we could put up firewals like russia is doing and stuf like that to protect ourselves, 
   i assume you edited it yes , i asumed you were confuzed by a typo, 
  we know that thanks to snowdan . 
  but it is ilegal for now . 
  elan is a traitor !, 
  i would be agains tit on the basis of lacked controll . 
  the systems are not compatable , and i do n't want nsa legaly spying on me . 
  also the large area only would incres the rish of breaching controll on one point . 
  what is so strange ? 
  i actualy created my own i wish to spread . 
  groud is freezing , wich is good . 
  skiing season i starting , 
  same shit . 
  czekia is the offitial english name . 
  owned by muricans , your barila is.probably gmo from, 
  no i would not . 
  look i know the english dont have the academy . 
  but socker is not the correct term . 
  and whonsays rugger now ? 
  russia is a cheap place , most of your money will go for a visa, 
  thank you :d, 
  - crocodile [ or krokodil in russian ] ( http://www.narconon.org/drug-information/krokodil.html ) it 's so good you will not want anything else  you probably have enough money for more than a years supply , but that really is n't important once you start using . 
  [ wrong ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5rstvng.jpg )  the current flag of slovenia derives its colors from the coat of arms of carniola or even more precisely the last official implementation of it , revised by ferdinand i of austria with a decree on november 17th 1836 . 
  is a story we tell our children and uneasy russophobic nationalists . 
  in fact the slovenian national flag has remained unchanged since 1848 . 
  when the phrase `` bolje rusi nego prusi '' was popularized by our inteligencia in vienna . 
  it was this time we also got the national anthem `` naprej zastave slave '' and panslavism in a-h was at its peak . 
  [ the coat of arms of kranjska ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/carniola_coat_of_arms.png ) , however changed its shape and colours . 
  it contains many colours not exclusively white , blue and read . 
  our flag never utilized bordeu read or gold/yellow . 
  they speak 0 english . 
  for us ? 
  same goes for : serbia , croatia , bulgaria , romania , moldova , czekia , slovakia , abkhazia , south ossetia ... 
  as am i a part of the laws of my country . 
  so are you of yours . 
  you can change your country of residency , or even better change your laws . 
  you are a citizen in a republic , you have a right and a duty to participate in the political life of your country . 
  and if you do not like something change it . 
   married with children aso had a decent run . 
  a croatian version was made . 
   that 70s show a show awsome show , they played it for years . 
  go to russia do crocodile for a year with that money . 
  because we dislike americans . 
   generalized perceptions of us and we hate is as much , if not more , having to live here . 
  the people of one country are responsible for that countries actions . 
  it is not out of your control . 
   you 're just not europeans because you are not , you are a weirdars mix of all sorts of shit . 
   nazi fugitives in argentina and australia seem to have difficulties with . 
  same countries same.people with us . 
  yes and yes . 
  even tho i despize most ofnthe diaspora . 
  do you want to pay 1000s for school and doctors visits ? 
  firstly it 's called football . 
  club basketball and club hockey probably, 
  ~ ~ no legent here , we spawned ~ ~ edit remembered something : it came to pass that the gods were angry with the world and caused a great flod . .4 people survived , but we only know the story of one . 
  when the flodwaters rose one man climbed a wine vine reaching the heavens from a higj hill top and kurend the god of wine saw this and decided to spare his life . 
  he was our forfather . 
  this is why we worship kurent . 
  in return for his life the man promissed kurent the and his children will worship him and his 2 plants wine and buckwheat, 
  only one \u0160tajerska .
