  it would be against international postage rules to print stamps of a esthetic that is not a country and therefore a member of the international post . 
  all stamps that are printed and used in postage must have on them written out the country that had them printed . 
  the only exception being the uk and its dependencies which need only contain the image of the monarch . 
  the point of the usps being a federal agency is that it is not controlled by the stated . 
  there are no state post offices . 
  since that would be stupid . 
   , so it would be easy to mistake whether you could use one in another state if you were n't thinking us stamps can be used anywhere within the us and its dependencies to pay the postage of any piece of mail . 
  why is that hard to grasp ? 
  you know who else does that ? 
  literally every country in the world . 
  as a philatelist i find this horrifying . 
   mail already flows wherever it wants . 
  worth adding that mail has been doing this since before there were stamps . 
  you ca n't stop the mail they used to say . 
  also we have the upu, 
  i think you do n't even understand how post offices in general work . 
   whereas the eu is 28 sovereign countries and some more gray areas . 
  you apparently do n't have the understanding how the upu works and how international mailing works . 
   i know the post fees should have been standardized all over europe at this point ha no, 
   e-stamps who the fuck has e stamps ? 
  can you link this sounds interesting . 
  the us post office is a federal agency . 
  there are no state post offices in the us . 
  fucking hell are americans really this stupid ? 
  imagin people using mexican stamps in the us . 
  no you can not . 
  that would be stupid . 
  survey has many flaws . 
  how is :  completely closed borders , a lot of limitations when it comes to rights , etc. ), 
  far right ? 
  colonisation , revolution , ww1 , ww2 being the world top terrorist . 
  you know the basics . 
  argentina ? 
  hmmm , i do n't like them . 
  have you ever seen a russian smoke ? 
  as a non-spaniard i think it should be spanish , but what do i know . 
  does trolling their twitter count ? 
  complex . 
  you need to pass 1 ^ st aid first . 
  then you need to pass the `` written '' test on the state computer . 
  then they allow you to start driving in a school , only after 21h of driving can you take the test , where you drive around with your teacher and a state tester in the back telling you what to do . 
  they ( usually asian type people ) produce a lot of trash they do not properly dispose of or recycle . 
   eat greek food . 
  if you guys hurried up with the serving , that 'd be great . 
  i do n't want to spend 4 hours for lunch . 
  gota see that pile of old rocs ower there ,, 
  no one understands slovenian . 
  i like that unlike some subs , a conversation is not immediately shut down because of some opinions that might not be popular . 
  however the `` trolling '' threshold seems to be low for the mods judgement . 
  i miss how there did n't use to be a downvote button but only upvote buttons , now it has like many a sub devolved into people just downvoting without sharing their opinion . 
  i would also like to see in the sidebar in the europe themes subs r/europes be linked insted of r/europe, 
  pension system is strung thin due to people not breading enough and also for all those pesky old people not dieing !, 
  do n't trust the private systems , they will rob you . 
  this is awsome . 
  the only way it could be better is if it were sung in galic . 
  it 's shit should not have been allowed on . 
  lots of vine . 
  yeah quite a lot of our younglings smoke . 
  i hope the new smoking laws sem that . 
  no its filled with libtards . 
  you should visit slovenia . 
  just a short hop aways from munich , great people great food . 
  like bulgarian :p, 
  no never . 
  1 ) not a european country . 
  2 ) its izrael . 
  yes we do . 
  i always associate czekosloavk with fairytales . 
  i really like the flowing of the russian toung . 
  no one should interfere in another country 's buisnis , unless specifically asked to do so by that country . 
  how many languages is serbo-croatian nower days ? 
  xd but in all seriousness , i speak fluently 4 languages learning an additional 5 ^ th, 
  lol what ? 
  xd no , forced labour is illegal under our constitution and under un . 
  we fought the japanese together bac in the day . 
  3,7 people, 
  no , i have not . 
  and i think fat acceptance is stupid and people should not do it . 
  you sure ? 
  op does seem a bit concerned with his ethnicety, 
  they do . 
  i mean russian is awsome , so is russia . 
  if you have the money take the cours . 
   ~ 50k usd 8-o, 
  or better yet , transnistria , 
  serbia . 
  what are you ? 
   may not arrest suspects they are alowed to hold them untill the other coutries police arive . 
   they may not use their weapon meh gray area  if they drive more than 10km into france by that time the other countries police should have caught up . 
   another radio system call 112 on your mobile, 
  you should not do it . 
  you should not have expired documentation in your own country let alone a nother . 
  its ilegal . 
  but as long as you dont arise suspition . . meh, 
  its a #who is the bigger faggot '' contest now . 
  there is this whole region called [ prekmurje ] ( https://sl.wikipedia.org/wiki/prekmurje ), 
   criminals know belgian police can not pursuit into france and vice-versa this is not the case , acording to eu law police can persue criminals across the border when in active persuet . 
  it is however polite to notifie the other country about it . 
  idk about 1-year language courses , but if i were you id take that course . 
  have you considered this might be the case because you live in europe ?
