  cant pour a bottel of beer ... 
  it causes loads of problems . 
  here its also ilegal . 
  the chinese have to.male special glasses for the english ... 
  think of the children !, 
  it would be ilegal to serve pints in . 
  what kind of pint are we talking about ? 
  or are we talking about pinta ? 
  noone wants to say `` fancy '' in the first place . 
  also pints are ilegal edit : also what kind of pint ? 
  why would anyone order 0,57 l of anything ? 
  r/metricmasterrace seriously , use metric . 
  i will repet my question . 
  are you saying that nation = country ? 
  we use liters . 
  how many liters ia a pint ? 
  i asked what a nation is , not what a country is . 
  are you saying a country is the same as a nation ? 
  to what nation do national minoreties nd borders belong ? 
  dont listen to him , he is a bitter liberal o wants to censor descenting opinions . 
  you are conpletly misquoting me . 
  and scandinavians have a comon heritage btw, 
  the clip talks about and what a country is . 
  when in this entire conversation ha that topic come up ? 
  slovenians are south slaws mixed with `` moravian '' slavs . 
  but im not claiming blod is the only factor that determines a nation , ony if or if not a person is a member of a nation . 
  it is an `` axes of evil '' . 
  they are a terror organisation and members should have no part in it . 
  yust the way you said reminded.me.of marx, 
  im not saying those aspects are not important to define a nation as an entety . . what i am saying is that blod is th key to define is a person is a member of that enthety . 
  wich nation is that ? 
  such logic.of defining a nation is very important for nations like the slpvene ... 
  they are.nationless . 
  but americans arent a nation . 
  hungarians are a nation , slovenes are a nation ... 
  so youre a marxist ? 
  i dismis that because the question relates to `` my felow europans '' . 
  not `` colonksts of the woeld '' . 
  extending this discusion would make the conversation out of controll . 
  the fact colonials think they are a nation , doesnt make them a nation . 
   basically the same as a tribe how about very similar tribes ? 
  could we say nations are made up of related tribes ? 
   it 's an okay thing , but it should never ever be applied on a territorial basis . 
  nations are n't entitled to areas arr nation entitled to land they already inhabit ? 
   basically the same as a tribe how about very similar tribes ? 
  could we say nations are made up of related tribes ? 
   it 's an okay thing , but it should never ever be applied on a territorial basis . 
  nations are n't entitled to areas arr nation entitled to land they already inhabit ? 
   you lost me there . 
  nazi joke . 
   again , scandinavians feel that we 're separate nations . 
  the way things are today , we would not describe it as a regional identity , no . 
  we identify with our national cultures and histories , not just with the region we live in . 
  but that is my point , you identify with your country , not the common heritage . 
  my ancestors identified with their duchy rather than their nation . 
  i 'm merely drawing historical parallels to illustrate how arbitrarily these lines are defined sometimes . 
   i do n't think it 's something that the population would object much to from a cultural point of view . 
  do you think that people would then consider themselves of the nordic nation ? 
  rather than danes norwegians etc ? 
  you are . 
  you are hungarian , the ghanan is ( i assume ) only half . 
  simple as that . 
  nationality primarily had to do with `` blood '' . 
  i myself am of 2 nations and no nations , being mixed . 
   so which nation do they belong to both and neither . 
   after how many centuries can these nationless people who are probably undistinguishable from nationals be considered nationals ? 
  never , unless they mix in . 
   my father was born in russia . 
  was he a russian or only born in russia ? 
   i can not possibly be a part of the german nation because of something that happened decades before i was born ? 
  true . 
  if you father was not a german neither are you . 
  there is a reason i originally asked :  what is to you a nation ? 
  and you have n't answered . 
  i do not think americans are an actual nation because they do not fit the criteria for a nation . 
  we are interested in europe here . 
  not you peoples former colonies . 
  colonist countries are not nations . 
  australian is n't a nationality , it 's a citizenship . 
  kek, 
  mixed or non-mixed ? 
  if they are only children of immigrants , then of course they are not a member of the nation in whose embrace they live . 
   not even if they marry in , and lean the language , adopt the culture and raise their children within ? 
  you have to be born into a nation to be of that nation . 
  i would even do so far to say that 1/2 and 1/4 mixes with foreigners are n't fully members of that nation . 
  but how ? 
  o.o [ penis ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e9/penis_with_labels.jpg/220px-penis_with_labels.jpg ) vs [ majb\u00f8g ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/66/majstang_14_068.jpg/220px-majstang_14_068.jpg ) . 
  you normans are dam strange . 
  it 's an arow , how does it remind you of a penis ? 
  are you a horny homosexual ? 
  what has this to to with my question ? 
   majstangen [ this ] ( https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/majstang ) ? 
   what others see is n't really relevant , is it ? 
  until they come to gas you  also pleas consider my response in its entirety :  a some 100 years ago , we had something called regional identety , people identifing with the region they were in , insted of their nation . 
  do you think that could be atributed to the scandinavians today ? 
  it is my opinion it would n't be hard to change the perception of those 3 nations that they are in fact one nation , and the others are only a weerd speaking funny bunch from `` that side of the mountins '' . 
   err ... we do ? 
  o.o idk why you are replying to me on that point , u/tonygaze said it . 
  lol xd how do you know ? 
  probably a anglo ...
