  blod is sometimes gathered by `` blod giving actions '' but we havent run out or been low in recent memory . 
  not realy we do n't they tried , but there was masive uproar against it . 
  you realise it always translates to the entire population . 
  since this is legaly the voice of the entire population, 
   act of government . 
  if it wants , the government can ignore that makes no sanse . 
  its undemocratic . 
  here a referendum is legaly binding act of the people , who are above the goverment . 
  2564000 to be precise acording to 2013 data, 
  you wish . 
  croatia is already arming itself . 
  serbia is countering . 
  kosovo vants independance . 
  macedonian albanian are arming themselves . 
  this will be a fuckin war zone, 
   yes a 50/50 split really tells us what the people want !, 
  52 % v 48 % and cameron himself said if the result is close there will not be a repeet . 
   especially when a lot of the leave campaign was based on lies so what , its politics . 
  mush of stay campain was a lie too , no to mention the underhanded tehneekues from london during scotlans referendum . 
   also pretending it 's the patriotic thing to do , are you not a patriot ?!, 
  slovenia leaving yugoslavia , same patriotism argument . 
  nothing new . 
   t does n't because about a quarter did n't turn up and the margin was very small , and it 's well established the majority of the campaign to leave was a lie . 
  and it does n't because there was nothing binding about the referendum at all , it was an opinion poll which established there is n't a consensus . 
  how is a referendum not legaly binding ? 
  its the will of the people . 
  it past the kvorum . 
  wheres the problem ? 
  too young to have seen spain without the $, 
  much better economy than spain , and much safer than france . 
  coming from a frenchman, 
  gay mariage in slovenia . 
  and about brexit the difference was 4 % leave v remain , which is 3 milion , my bad , only more than the population of an entire county, 
  you should try we have a referendum every year . 
  people nowerdays are anti democracy in general . 
  at lest in . 
  more and more ppl talk of how nice a dictator wour be to take care of things . 
  and the scary thing is , im not even joking . 
   and even though it 's not legally binding they are how is a referendum result not legaly bindindg ?!!, 
  a ) yes b ) no , what was the difference in brexit vote ? 
  c ) yes it does . 
  in decembre we voted yes and no on gay marriage . 
  no passed . 
  that means the law is scraped and we focuse on mor important issues . 
  how many milion was the difference ? 
  3 times the population of slovenia you say ? 
  wow jee sir doesnt that mean the majorety want out and there is no way to change it ? 
   when it was no wonder you people have your economy in shambels . 
  ususaly depends on the season rathern than actual temperature . 
  she should be . 
  the people have spoken . 
   move that any they have to leav . 
  they have no choiche . 
  doesnt spain have 2h ? 
   remember those old 1 peseta coins ? 
   they were made of such shitty material that they were impossibly light and tiny . 
  ( no point , just reminiscing ) yes , thatas what our stotin was made from . 
  if you put it in acid it desolves . 
  sure seems to be `` exportable '' epecialy with that ne us army toy that shoots 300 of them pr minute, 
  they english sortof abandend you and left you to the germans https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunkirk_evacuation, 
  ah democracy, 
   technically yes http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/909/991/48c.jpg  why is the turkish flag in the banner at the top of this sub ? 
  cuz the mods are idiots . 
  probably muslims , maybe even isis supporters . 
  i wrote to them about something but they are clerly idiots . 
   why do galatasaray play in the european champions league ? 
  why does kazakstan participate ? 
   why are there talks at the moment around turkey possibly joining the eu ? 
  germans are idiots . 
   my aunt is also turkish and she thinks turkey is in europe . 
  yeah no we spent centuries detting turcs out of here , we dont want them back, 
  you mean like : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miros%c5%82aw_hermaszewski, 
  but now ? 
  can yo6 go out and say im a commumist, 
  turkey is in asia mina , not europe . 
  i hear poles have much better work ethics . 
  1 $ was worth 240sit at the time we took $ , and we still had 1sit devided into 100s , tho we only used the 0,5 coin . 
  the only problem of th peny is that they make it out of cu insted of something cheeper . 
  yeah thats comon in politics everywhere . 
  yeah a friend of my grandmo4her was asked `` are you , or have you ever been a member of a communist organisation '' when he visited america in the 70s i think . 
  he said he hadent , but was nervour the whol trip theyll find out he lied . 
  :d but ist the sentiment of excluding or outlawing a political party , undemocratic ? 
   seven years ' war took over a million lives and ravaged europe for a decade . 
  you know it happened , you know who fought and where , but you do n't give slightest bit of crap about it . 
  yeah cuz we had ne wars to corect that war . 
  and new wars to corect those . 
  and atm we are at the brink of a anothe war . 
  soo yeah well forget those wars , cuz the new one will preocupie our mind . 
  the balcans will be at war within the next 5 years . 
  also whats with the communism thing ? 
  you guys realyze cold war is ower right ? 
  why get rid of it ? 
  just produce it of a cheeper metal , like aluminium . 
  simple . 
  the 1ccoin is wery usefull in $, 
  imagine the native americans , who have been waring for milenia , forming a homogoneus state . 
  there is no way the french will forget duckerque , no way yugoslavs will forget jasenovac , russians the 22 milion dead solders , nations forget mathausn ... you see where im going with this ? 
  you forgot to mention belarous , ukrain , moldova , ect ect . 
  imperial mesurments . 
  i mean wtf,
