  who will rebuild what they destroyed ? 
  with whos money ? 
  who will repay the lives lost ? 
   liberal --  censor opinions that is their defining trait . 
  well fuck , that is not even defined by the isu . 
  where do you calibrate your measuring devices and machines then ? 
   so do croats and slovenians :p actually , if you had listened in history classes you would know that is not the case , as is in the scandinavian countries . 
  they have periodically been joined in the same country , been settled by the same tribes , etc etc. 
  while slovenes and croats have for the first time been in the same country under the same law after ww1 . 
  the settlement and ancestral origin of these two people is also different , unlike the scandinavians . 
  croats have settled here from some place in poland after the ober settlement in the hungarian step , while slovenes the descendants of those south slavs who settled with the ober army ( tax ) and those slavs who came frew the moravian gates . 
  learn your history pall . 
   i was recently watching the ( excellent ) bbc `` planet earth ii '' series , and had a minor fit every time the commentary used imperial units ( feet , inches , pounds ) . 
  i can only assume they did this to make the series easier to sell in the us . 
  that 's how i feel every time i turn on any anglo-american documentary channel . 
  do n't they get that if the tv uses metric the stupid americans will sooner or later start using metric for convenience !!!, 
  so reparations are a no-no ? 
   liberia and burma . 
  are both actively transitioning into metric . 
  \u0161mrk :'(, 
  in this day and age it is only geographical . 
  cold war is ower . 
  germany is no longer in the e block . 
  me to xd is there an imperial bot ? 
  whats 1m in feet ? 
  i 'll ask it out for 2dl of juice , 
  how much is 1pint in metric ? 
  [ yes it is . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_geoscheme ), 
  how much 9feet is . 
  metric, 
  your binary 100 , 
  hmmm , interesting , but that 's still only counting in dec not in bin   make 10 fists . 
  stick out your thumb . 
  pull your thumb back and stick oht your pointing finger . 
  now stick out both your thumb and pointing finger , thats 11 . 
  now pull them all back and stick out your middle finger , thats 100 ... 
  etc etc and all your fingers out will be 110001111111111 there you go ftfy :p, 
  awesome bot ^ - ^, 
   it may be illegal to sell units other than half a litre in you slovenia , in which case of course casks and kegs in imperial units make no sense . 
  it 's actually a eu thing . 
  also , no almost no modern production machinery can produce production imperial units , usually even the things that say so and so many inches are rounded up to the nearest millimeter i believe . 
   it is not illegal in the uk yeah they probably opted out of that too . 
  why only 1023bin ? 
  12point are 1pica , 6pica are one inch , 12inches in a foot , 3feet in a yard and 1760yards in a standard mile , wich is not the same as a roman mile or the us survey mile or the nautical mile . 
  there are also something like 6 different kind of ounces and all sorts of stupid length and weight measurements . 
  metric is much better . 
  go to r/metricmasterrace for this discussion , better than here :d  also , base 10 is not logical . 
  we use base 10 because our cavemen ancestors had 10 fingers . 
  it 's funny how metric proponents like to say how base 10 is so nice while imperial units are arbitrary while base 10 is arbitrary itself . 
  actually , base 10 is used because we use the decimal numbering system ( as opposed to binary or something else ) . 
  in this mathematical system , it is much easier to calculate with base 10 . 
  it also makes it more convenient in naming units with prefixes . 
  it has nothing to do with the number of your fingers . 
  and everything to do with numbers 0 and 10 . 
  and also you can easily count to 24 on your fingers , this is why the egyptians liked the base 12 and its derivates . 
  you really should look this up . 
  it 's fascinating . 
   but it hardly says that imperial units are n't needed . 
  american reformed imperial system of measurement is defined by metric units . 
   bottom line is that it 's more of a cultural divide and it takes very little effort to memorize either of them . 
  people say americans are stubborn for not adopting it and they 're right but is someone stubborn only because they 're outnumbered and ( sometimes ) accused of a lack on intellect ? 
  the entire world uses metric to make , trade , commerce , production easier . 
   bottom line is that one is as easy and simple as the other , and people just do n't like what 's different . 
  you do realise there used to be many `` imperial '' systems before the meter came along right ? 
  imagine trying to trade your grain back in the 17th century ... 
  no that would get them around the law . 
  but it would need to be exactly 0,598000 l making it less than an actual pint, 
  well if it was legal to use anything else people could make up their own measurements and use that . 
  a few months ago we also had a statewide push that all glasses must be marked . 
  it 's illegal to use any other measurements than metric . 
  exactly . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  interesting . 
   why not , the same beers also come in 0.5 liters because it 's a bloody imperial unit . 
  the use of wich should be illegal, 
  physics, 
  sea land, 
  yes i do . 
  we should work against it . 
  how is this legal ? 
  beer is for podn-folk . 
   casks and kegs are manufactured to imperial rather than metric measurements . 
  no , they are not . 
  no one in their right mind would produce anything in imperial . 
  it would also be illegal in most of the world . 
   but for some reason draught beer never switched that sounds wrong . 
   as it 's illegal to use non metric measurements ) . 
  at least you have that going for you . 
  not really since only the american one was defined in litres by the isu, 
  you see , a pint is a completely pointless measurement . 
  imagine the boost to your economy if you went metric, 
  how am.i suposed wich weerdars mesuring stick you ise there rather than there . 
  sounds the same . 
  i bet it causes them loses they could avoid with metric jars . 
  american pint ? 
  english pint ? 
  french pint ? 
  austian fluid mesure ( translated into english as pint ) ? 
  you cant pour a 5l keg netely into pint jars .
