  also , whre are you from ? 
  if you are from exyu try r/sfrj and r/yugoslavia, 
  same happened with the roman script xd . 
  it all comes from the fenitians man . 
  self-determination of nations . 
  do n't confuze the ` murican . 
  each one of those has a separate interesting story . 
  but in general , europe used to be full of small feudal states . 
  and these are survivors of that era . 
  and central europans can fuck of ? 
  what tank deployment ? 
  we are selling our tanks and will be unprotected, 
  and corsa is 13.000 . 
  new cars cost 10 to 12 thousand $ not 40.000 thats an insane price . 
  you can always charter . 
  poland is an island . 
  the hapsburgs . 
  we used to have that , but than capitalism came and took it away . 
  and central europeans can just fuck off ? 
  do n't worry , we actually hate americans . 
  but what about directives ? 
  we have been wairing for this soon since the 90s . 
  better to start using lpg methane and methanol now , than wait for e cars some time in the future . 
  yeah , cuz there are like what 10 in the whole of . 
  and even there people want utalitarian cars they can use outside the city . 
  wtf how is this legal in the ?!!, 
  tesla is a rich peoples car , not all that usefull . 
  and 2 ays by eletric car aparently . 
  thats the point . 
  and when you go on a vacation ? 
  or a camping trip for the weekend ? 
  put methane in your car , cheep as fuck . 
  ok brat kroat , tell me . 
  can you easely travell from savanski brod to split in an eletric car without charging for idk 5 hours in the middle of your trip ? 
  whell yes , but i still prefere puraied fish to co2 . 
  small wariations compared to vs . 
  can be standardized in a few years id the political will is there . 
  you are a real futuristic optimist buddy . 
  to be realistic you must look at it in a way to simply replace cars as used today with e cars . 
  i mean you cant use todays ecars to go on vacation and stuff . 
  also the e car fuel.is not clean a large portion of eletricety comes from coal and trash thermo power plants . 
  no i want a utalitarian car that can fit 4 people + lugage and has a decent range . 
  a car that can be used for day trips and comuting . 
  they are used for exactly that . 
  but i want to go on vacation with my car . 
  there is no such thing as an ofitial latin transribtion . 
  thats their am\u00f2, 
  yeah is just english isnt particularely good to write russian words, 
  why would i be banned ? 
  it makes travell next to impossible when you have to sit every 200km for 1h and recharge . 
  what we need is a 800km raince with a 30min charging . 
  educate yourself !, 
  go pick you hiney . 
  30min to recharge ?!!!!, 
  i recharge a 40l gasoline tank in under 5min . 
  and with a bad engine ( yugo ) i will make 400km with that . 
  much better than any tesla out currently . 
  exactly . 
  current e cars ca n't get me from ljubljana to belgrade in a normal amount of time . 
  also , we need more clean electricity , a large amount of electricity is still produced from coal . 
  exactly . 
  current e cars ca n't get me from ljubljana to belgrade in a normal amount of time . 
  also , we need more clean electricity , a large amount of electricity is still produced from coal . 
  offend as much people as possible :p use \u0442\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0449 xd, 
  i hope it does change . 
  this is plain tax evasion . 
  you should land in ljubljana rather than prague . 
  and spend your vacation in slovenia . 
  it will be worth it . 
   i frequently see europeans on reddit talk about how americans are terrible people and that their country should cut off relations with the us . 
  i am one of those people who say that . 
  not much hardline anti-americanism . 
  but folks here are in general anti-american . 
  the coastal town of [ portoro\u017e ] ( http://www.portoroz.si/si/ ) . 
  it has the spa , it has the casinos , it has the sea ... 
  can you use \u0433\u043e\u0441\u043f\u043e\u0434\u0438\u043d to address strangers ? 
  like `` hey mister you dropped this '', 
  that 's what the eu strives for . 
  alaska . 
  people living in the forest and on boats doing random shit . 
  - source discovery channel, 
  eu has decided to close its borders for the potential swarm of americans . 
   charles . 
  you ca n't choose your monarch vatican chooses their monarch :p, 
  eu already has standard road markings . 
  road markings in member states are made in accordance with eu directives . 
  i do n't think we should focus on automation before we have perfected clean fuel . 
  yeah here is where i find the gap . 
  to be polite to someone , im used to putting a `` title '' before the name , like mister so and so or mister president so and so , o doctor so and so ... 
  i find it strange in russian , that it does not have that . 
   the soviets were monsters !, 
  they together with the nazis started the war and repressed far more people than nazis themselves !, 
  the heroism of the russian peoples is immeasurable !, 
  long live the undefeatable read army !, 
  they saved europe from the german beast . 
  they were nazi pigs . 
   yea , they were the good guys because they fought against soviet animals . 
  you see , this is why people think you are nazis . 
  you support the criminals in the fucking ss . 
   after the war , the us congress declared the estonian ss-division to be a movement not hostile to the us and they even guarded nazi leaders during the nuremberg trials .
