  there is 0 systemic discrimination for the etreiment of woman . 
  unfortunatly ... 
  contracts also have a punitive clause if the get out clause is utilized ,, 
   yes you can leave your job , but you 'll have to pay me thousands of euros to do so ' this sometimes happens . 
  its perfectly legal to brak a contract , but you will be punished for doing so . 
  no , whenever possible i use software in slovenian . 
  no , i agree we should punish anyone who leaves , everyone is still free to \u010deave . 
  what part of that do not you get ? 
   from my point of view countries should be free to leave if a ) they feel that being in the eu is no longer of benefit to them , and b ) they hold a vote and the vote is to leave . 
  if being in the eu really is that much better then those countries will be punished through not being involved . 
  if you feel you have to actively punish countries for leaving then it does make me wonder if being in the eu really is that much better than not being in the eu . 
  yes , so ? 
  eu should have a law that would demand that eu punishes any ship jumpers . 
  thats why we must do it . 
  noone is preventing anybody from leaving . 
  im just saying , punish those who do . 
  esoecialy tze brits , their opt outs were redicilous , now we get to take our revenge . 
  because the country is leaving the union . 
  that alone is grounds for punishment . 
  we should put them.under sanctions and an embargo to teach them a lessom . 
  1 nothing wrong with it just how automatics are . 
  there is no sudden great aceleratuon you get in even the weekest of manual cars when driven correctly . 
  there is no responsivnes from the gas oedel , dont even get me started on the stupidity of the robot and the dubel clutch . 
  2 drive to a p+r parking lot . 
  also ther is public transpot everywhere withing a reasnoble walking distance . 
  driving only contributes to the jam . 
  also you can chose a different hour to go on the road . 
  thats what i do , dont drive at 16-16 .30 and dont drive at8-8 .30 simple as pasulj . 
  vide games are for week minded people . 
  thats what you get when you vote for heider . 
  and when wiena continues to disrespect promisses and treties . 
  1 i dove a brand new mazda crx6 autimatic , cant exelerate for the life of it , autimatics are shit whell i do , ever drove on magistral roads in serbia ? 
  you need to exelerate fast in 3 , almlst readline and than jump ton4 and explode forward if you wish not to become a pankake on some truck driving the other way 2 dont contribute to the jam , juse public transport . 
  close dovn city centers or like london make people pay 5 # for entering into wider city center with a car . 
  i have driven a brand new mazda crx6 suv automatic . 
  cant exelarate if your life depends on it . 
  2,0 engine lots of horses , cant excelerate for the lif of it . 
  your statement is simply not true . 
  because muslims . 
  not at all, 
  not realy . 
  and the new cigarete law equates tham with cigarets, 
  1 have you ever tried excalerating in a manual ? 
  it takes ages , now imagine you are on a 2 lane road and have to owertake with trafic coming the other way 2 avoind trafic jams, 
  they should be punished hard . 
  our constitution contains a decleration order before the preambule which states the declaration of the nstitution based on a no longer existing law . 
  we are also a republic based in the thnic nation that forms it . 
  from whai i hear you arent too big on keeping promisses . 
  we dont need that shit . 
  we need to get rid or the rancid liberalism that has infested, 
  there is 0 adnavtage to a autimatic . 
  only an idiot would drive an automatic . 
  it 's actually the main american system of measurement . 
  tones pounds and ounces avoirdupois are used for regular stuff , while ounces troy for gold and silver ... that is exactly why r/metricmasterrace, 
  not only appropriate but sometimes necessary xd, 
  of course not . 
  she holds the reins of germany and by that , she has a chokehold on europe . 
  brings muslim migrants in , insists on austerity measures ... 
  metric tone , tone troy , tone avoirdupois, 
  we need to get rid of that . 
  convert at gome man . 
  depends which crater they build in . 
  becaus they steal our shit ? 
  just maybee . 
  is is a part of the eurocard or visa cards ? 
  us uses 3 different tons . 
  go metric already, 
  trucks or lories are a whole other category of vehicels . 
  all of them . 
  i wish we were in the eurasian union . 
  yeah , because tu\u0111man setteled croats from bosnia there . 
  before the war istria has secesion tensions with sr croatia . 
  they wanted authonomy . 
  what comments ? 
   and i ask you again : who created ndh slavko kvaternik . 
   prvi partizanski odred , 22.06.1941 . 
  in woods of brezovica , near sisa monts after the uprising in slovenia . 
  on the 27 . . aptil 1941 the antiimperial front was founded , after the first shots have been fired in resistance even before the organized resistance started . 
  your croatian propaganda does not let you see past your own borders ro k ow who was truly first to resist the german beast . 
  and while you and your paveli\u0107 were licking their boots we were fighting . .  rsk and than croatia proceded slaughtering thousands of inocents while not alowing the displaced to return to this day . .  and do n't mix up todays russia and china , and then i was talking about today . 
  how they would rule . . 
  in its 2008, 
  and recognized sea land, 
  lel , authonomous region flags dont show up pall xd, 
   you really like those small flags . 
  read my username . . 
   ndh did n't invade any countries you claim . 
  reich would not allow it . 
  makinga country of someone elses land is takong  before that one in slovenia , thats for sure . 
  tell me the date , surely you know . 
   germany not in the swcurety council also you forget china and russia have veto . 
  its writen in the reprint . 
  isbn 978-961-00-0694-7, 
  will you denie you have tensions with, 
   ok are you just playing dumb or what ? 
  again and again i am asking you to name me those areas [ here is the map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/48/ndh_1941.png/250px-ndh_1941.png ) they took th entirety of moden day and 5 vilages : bregansko selo ( danes se imenuje slovenska vas ) , nova vas pri bregani ( danes nova vas pri mokricah ) , jesenice na dolenjskem , obre\u017eje in \u010cede and a notable.pece of modern day ( see map )  but we are n't talking about that . 
  do n't change the subject just beacuse you do n't have valid arguments . 
  the fact remains : uprising in croatia during wwii was first on all exyu territory . 
  and i am proud about it . 
  that is wrong . . what date did the so called croatian resistance start ?
