  turkic and uralic languages are related . 
  what do you then call the encompassing group ? 
  they are the closest uralic languages on this here continent . 
  * safe european travell inc. 
  you are doing it wrong . 
  apparently you never heard hungarian . 
  to those of us speaking indo-european languages , your turco-uralic languages all sound alike . 
   not voting directly for the president is ridiculous . 
  do n't you have a king ? 
   it is very rare ( mostly when the current dynasty dies out ) the hapsburgs are as good as dead . 
   and not possible in bohemia . 
  you are rewriting laws , you can do whatever you like . 
   emperor of the hre was a different thing . 
  it was not a hereditary title it was also hereditary . 
   it lessens the legitimity of the elected king . 
  other pretenders can complain and challenge the election result . 
  it can even cause civil war . 
  what other pretenders ? 
  write a law like kingdom of yugoslavia used to have , that any monarch must be born on domestic soil . 
   also it is not clear who should be allowed to vote ( traditionally only nobles had such right ) . 
  all the free landowning pesants , like in the good old days . 
   if you set up a precedent that king can be elected , then after the current king dies , what will prevent a greedy napoleonic `` messiah '' to organize new `` elections '' instead of recognizing succession of the legitimate heir to the throne ? 
  no the law should be writen in such a way that sucesion folows election , elections can only be repeted if the line dies out . 
  you should keep away from the terror targets like france , uk , germany . 
  instead look up safer countries like slovenia , croatia , serbia , montenegro , bih , macedonia , poland , czekia , slovakia ... 
  how about when people say `` your serbo-croatian is really good '', 
  hacking us elections . 
  its sounds like finish , hungarian , turkeys, 
  ah you chekoslovakians and your weerd quirks, 
   you do n't elect a king , actually you can . 
  new kings were elected many times in the past when a line was lost . 
  the king of vatican is elected every time . 
  the prince od andora is elected by the french ...  there is always someone who is a legitimate king ( unless you have shitty succession law ) . 
  as czekia was part of the hre you hill remember how they refused to chose an emperor . 
   voting for a king does n't make sense . 
  why ? 
  it has been done many times before . 
   that would be a life-time president with as much legitimity as kims in north korea , not a monarch . 
  no voting for a king only starts a line ( usualy , there are exeptions ), 
  no of course not . 
  it is in fact amusing  many people think we are russians . 
  go shove some zyklon b up your arse . 
  why not vote in a brand new line ? 
  i would rewrite the whole thing . 
  it 's shit , to much room for interpretation by the rightist court ... 
  whazs your problem nazi ? 
  jelois of our superious food colture ? 
  in it is much easier to find qualety pizza than in italy . 
  gula\u0161 we make like no hungarian could . 
  we have all the \u010devapi you desire . 
  and winer shnitzel we make out of pork - the kin of animals . 
  of courae notning beats kranjska klobasa, 
  thx , cuz i so often read the russian constitution . 
  truth . 
  alcohol is already legal in, 
  nireland is part of, 
  most countries keepmthe drafr `` in the event of war '' in i am required to sjow upnto frontline infentry while my ister sits at home . 
  which part spesificly ? 
  who the hapsburgs ? 
  how about hard drugs ? 
  the constitution . 
  we dont want the wages down . 
  noone does . 
  why would we want to reduce our atrugeling colture ? 
  if the trend of the magneric anomalies continues , soon in your home town . 
  this sub os filled with a binch of liberals afraied of chalenging ideas . 
  it just happened . 
  slpvenia is a parlamentary republoc in order to prevent the left from always havin power ( see disolution of yugoslavia ), 
  kiser sure was quite a man . 
  not really now is it, 
  then stop spreading their propaganda . 
  thats englosh royalist propaganda . 
  get yourself independance . 
  a si zih ? 
  in paternety leave eats away maternaty leave if taken . 
  moving up with the not working thing, 
   so ... a white us american could be european , lol no deffinetly not . 
  they are a foreighner . 
  i gues that theyr kids would be considered european if had by a european . 
  this has nothing to do with skin colour . 
   black person born and grown up in europe could n't ? 
  the question never said that . 
  there was 0 black people bor in my country for one thing . 
  secondly an european is only someone of european descent . 
   mixed-race we call them mulatos ( caucasians + negros )  someone with , say , a white german parent and parent from africa , assuming they have german citizenship , were born here , and lived here all their life ? 
  1 ) citizenship makes you only legaly european , not actualy 2 ) thats a half german meaning a half european . 
  i would stop with the fractioning after forth ( some people would stop erlies\u017er some later ) . 
  younpeople have top much money, 
  i hope wales gets independence . 
   paternity leave is now doubled from 2 to 4 weeks in spain . 
  is that at the cost of maternety leave ? 
   it is now illegal to have your personal car painted to look like a police car . 
  why was that not ilegal before ? 
  country ? 
  fuck the we need to burn that shit down . 
   they are europe 's refugees mama merkel invited them in . 
  mama merkel can keep them . 
  it is not the duty of poor countries like to bail out rich big countries like . 
   greece and italy ca n't take them , they dont have to , they should defend our outer borders like they promissed to . 
   got enough problems as it is * caused by  europe needs to work together , to protect the borders and expell economic migrants .
