no prob  where are you in the world by the way ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the state of anarchism . 
  the senate is the upper branch of congress and the house of representatives is the lower branch of congress . 
  i never understood why they call one more powerful than the other . 
  they both need to agree to make a law . 
  but the power of the minority party in the senate is much stronger than in the house of representatives . 
  the republicans currently control the house of representatives and the democrats might as well not show up , since they have no power whatsoever . 
  so maybe that is the reason . 
  also the senate must approve presidential cabinet positions and supreme court justices . 
  i live in illinois . 
  it is kind of aggravating to live in a state in the us with a big population and know how underrepresented you are in the us senate . 
  for example california has over 38,000,000 people and wyoming has fewer than 600,000 . 
  ( yes , i am using the most populated and least populated states for my example . ), 
  wyoming has 1 member in the house of representatives and california has 53 members in the house of representatives . 
  both states have 2 senators . 
  edit : for clarity, 
  he started to say `` important '' . 
  okay thanks for the explanation . 
  i actually typed `` tdm '' into leo.org looking for an answer before i asked . 
  my grandparents on my dad 's side of the family were born in europe . 
  german is their native language . 
  they came to america in 1951 . 
  so they still speak german in their home and to my dad and aunt and uncle . 
  a few years ago , i decided to try to learn the language . 
  i 'm probably only b1 now . 
  i have n't done any lessons in a couple years . 
  your comment about where to get that smoothie drink in vienna was pretty simple , and i understood it except that abbreviation . 
  edit : my dads ' parents , not both sets of grandparents, 
  thanks , i know the word trotzdem but did n't know that abbreviation . 
  now i do , 
  what does tdm mean ? 
   half of our commercials are in english even if the product is not sold in any english speaking country . 
  i know you scandinavians know english better than probably half of native english speakers . 
  but i did n't know english was that common in your everyday danish media . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm curious , why do danes consume more alcohol and drugs than swedes ? 
  just a simple cultural difference ? 
  i wonder how norway would compare , since i think of the three countries as being very similar . 
  your general heath scales with a person 's education too . 
  unfortunately you are much less likely to graduate from high school or college as a african american . 
  everyone knows america has a major obesity problem , this problem is much worse in the african american community . 
  so , i think it is pretty much all socio-economic . 
  does this hurt serbia 's bid to join eu ? 
  i do n't know why . 
  `` angst '' is definitely a more commonly used word . 
  but probably half of americans know the word `` verboten '' also . 
  i was kind of joking that i was surprised they did n't try to crowbar that word into a news article about germany . 
  so , no , `` verboten '' is not a common loanword . 
  but many know what it means never the less . 
  it is practically required by any american publisher to use the word `` angst '' when germany is the topic just because it is a german loanword . 
  i 'm surprised they did n't manage to get `` verboten '' somewhere in that article as well . 
  correct you are . 
  that was really interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  of course you are right . 
  just made me laugh . 
  [ minnesota vikings ] ( http://www.findthatlogo.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/minnesota-vikings-logo.gif ), 
   minnesota and the dakotas lol, 
  oh , i did n't know austria was n't in nato . 
  the us was n't so mighty in 1940s . 
  i remember watching a documentary about that time and the us civilians were not sure that the allied powers would win . 
  yeah , that is a major obstacle to extending school days or the length of the school year length in america . 
  probably the same everywhere . 
  teachers ' unions are strong in america . 
  good one, 
  it seems to me the french are doing it right . 
  as far as i know earthquakes are not a problem for them so the whole fukushima thing is n't an issue . 
  and no greenhouse gases !, 
  here in america we burn so much coal . 
  as china keeps developing they may even beat the americans . 
  also , i heard on the news a week ago that germany will be buying cheap american coal so they can take their nuclear plants offline :(, 
  do you think you would feel differently if that plane that was shot down was full of italians ? 
  yeah , fox news does n't even pretend to be impartial anymore . 
  everyone knows what they are tuning into when they watch that channel . 
  yes , impressive how much you europeans export and import . 
  in the us we have so much we do on our continent . 
  i understand the reluctance for sanctions on russia , since it will damage your economies so much more than over here in the western hemisphere . 
  okay , yeah i think they have an irrational fear of nuclear energy . 
  they do n't have the earthquake dangers that japan has . 
  what is germany 's nuclear hypocrisy ? 
  or do you mean stupidity ? 
  i 'm constantly amazed at the scale and scope at which the us military and intelligence agencies operate . 
  we probably have black sites in the vatican too . 
  lol, 
  that guy just wants somebody to argue with . 
  what is the german opinion on that military base ? 
  he wants everyone 's reaction . 
  is that common knowledge in serbia today ? 
  ok , i understand that better now . 
  i just do n't want them to feel bad if they wave their flag . 
  thanks for that comment . 
  yeah , i guess you are right . 
  i 'm looking at it from the wrong perspective . 
  to germany , you can waive your flag . 
  sincerely , the rest of the world, 
   why does it matter winter is coming ? 
  house stark should not be underestimated . 
  [ cinderella castle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cinderella_castle ), 
  having the option of two american flags is great , but also i think it is important to add the texas flag to our list of options . 
  the other states are n't needed obviously , so it wo n't be all that much work for the mods .
