this is why we are so opposed to additional entitlements and amnesty in the us , on the right at least . 
  once they are in , once the rules are made , if you ca n't afford it any longer , or it 's statistically unfeasible , you still ca n't eliminate it or you 're an evil racist monster . 
  it 's called trump derangement syndrome over here . 
  the observed doubling-down on illogical premises , all to avoid saying that trump might have been right about something . 
  not sure if you guys have a similar thing over there . 
  pretty soon he 'll demand your first born and left testicle/ovary ( got ta be inclusive here ) . 
  and also to prevent disproportionate representation of urban centers vs. 
  rural areas . 
  yes it was . 
  black bloc is an international organization of which antifa is nearly synonymous with . 
  they are anarchists . 
  the signs are all the same , the outfits , the signs about defending their squats in greece and other countries . 
  it was , they are literally the same . 
  black bloc is a antifa . 
  because their side is in power . 
  what people in germany fail to realize over and over again is that you ca n't bar speech and freedoms or else you end up with one party rule . 
  merkel has been in power , what , 12 years ? 
  the whole while , more and more limitations are implemented . 
  what about when the pendulum swings the other way because of shit like this ? 
  then , a far-right guy gets in with consolidated power . 
  change some labels around , pass a few laws , and boom , you are at the mercy of your opposition , and it was all your doing in the first place . 
  anarchist squatters that ran out of heroin , pretty much . 
  they were still calling the baltimore riots ` protests ' while the cvs was burning down and cop cars were being set ablaze . 
  even the mayor of nyc is there for some reason , while two of his officers were murdered , and his trains are derailing . 
  edit : he 's there as a protestor . 
  muh `` real socialism has n't been tried yet '' i see . 
  right , if he was globalist , he would have joined tpp and the paris accords . 
  the us is tangled up in the world something fierce , so we do however have very solid global responsibilities that are not going to end anytime soon . 
  not a troll , literally a hard core trump supporter . 
  still respect that ? 
  are you cnn in reddit form ? 
  * the judge is literally a member of la raza . 
  as a private citizen he had every right to question the judges impartiality due to the judges passionate support for hispanic concerns , also identifying the hatred he garners from the illegal community . 
  * there is no question corruption or bias are at play . 
  the supreme court unanimously enforced his travel ban , when the ninth circuit tried to block it three times on baseless grounds . 
  * the left literally believes that russia hacked the election and believe that it was `` rigged '' to allow him to win . 
  * islam is responsible for nearly every single deadly modern terrorist attack in the world . 
  their motivation is literally their religion , bit trump never said there should be a registry . 
  he was responding to a question regarding immigration , and the reporter thought he was answering a question about a muslim registry . 
  they ran with it , more fake news . 
  * the media is literally an enemy of the people right now . 
  they prioritize ratings and sales over truth . 
  they shit out anonymous sources on the daily with no regard for the journalistic integrity . 
  they are blinded by their hatred of trump , which almost got scalise killed ( something you celebrated , i 'm sure ) . 
  * trump supported waterboarding , which is effective at getting information , but cruel . 
  the people that are subject to this torture literally make mothers eat their children , and burn people in cages . 
  regardless , his stance shifted on waterboarding entirely after a conversation with mattis , the guy that he hired . 
  meanwhile the left wants to implement hate speech laws ( talk about shitting on the first amendment , huh ? ), 
  as well as completely alter the second amendment ( shall not be infringed ? ), 
  not to mention , you lost , and continue to lose . 
  you just ca n't stop losing , so it 's safe to say a massive amount of americans disagree with you , ( not counting all of the illegals who voted in california ) myself included . 
  honestly , you cant even agree with each other about gender pronouns , so i do n't see you guys getting anywhere anytime soon . 
  the issue for the left was and always will be superdelegates . 
  they had already chosen their candidate , while the right literally saw trump come into play , and while they opposed him quite a bit , let the people decide in the end . 
   clinton did n't deserve any votes . 
  we can agree there at least . 
  i voted for trump , pretty much because our politics were heading way too far into pc governorship , which is completely at odds with our constitution . 
  just seeing all of the `` hate speech '' laws popping up in europe right now , as well as the deficit that no one on the left seems to give a flying fuck about . 
  honestly , if america was a poster asking for help on r/personalfinance , they would be shamed into exile . 
  people kept pointing at sweden as a bastion of functional socialism for years . 
  now , just watching them try to manage the massive number of migrants is like trying to mix oil and water . 
  video after video keeps popping up regarding the migrants complaining that their checks are too small , healthcare taking too long , or conditions of public housing . 
  all of this after living without clean food/water , housing for their entire lives . 
  it is not sustainable . 
  11 million appear to have been settled , with an additional 13.5 million still seeking asylum . 
  they have no education , no verifiable identities , they pretend to be teenagers with beards for benefits , etc. 
  they will drain your coffers , and tax you to death . 
  my great great grandfather left sweden for america during the civil war . 
  he was a father but was willing to fight for the north to give his family credible citizenship in america . 
  he loved this country and was willing to do whatever it took to contribute meaningfully . 
  i do n't see that over there for you guys , but you 're the one with a front seat . 
  the ny times has lost all credibility in pushing their weird ivory tower intellectual agenda . 
  because you just got christianity under control . 
  now you welcome a radical anti gay muslim population with open arms . 
  just wait until they seek higher offices and judicial positions . 
  depends on when elections are i guess . 
  why do n't you guys have term limits ? 
  is n't she on her 12th year ? 
  much harder to terror over here . 
  our cops have guns . 
  we fight the war , you wear the apron , mmkay ? 
  lyndon johnson used to hold briefings with his staff while taking a shit , he would whip out his wanger at his staff and ask them to comment on it , and he was a total dickhead to everyone . 
  taft was so fat he needed help out of his bathtub . 
  andrew jackson was a verifiable psychopath . 
  and franklin pierce drank himself stupid every single day after the death of his son , somehow only accomplishing pro-slavery legislation . 
  so when people say trump is a direct threat to our republic , i have to laugh . 
  our system is specifically designed to prevent dictatorship , as well as limits on speech and restrictions on the second amendment . 
  and this is the fucking problem with pc politics . 
  the gay marriage vote gets pushed to the top , and this post sits here , barely read and barely touched . 
  the same way china does it i assume , so the latter route . 
  i 'm surprised that no one see 's the rising parallels between chinese and european social media . 
  everyone shits on us about trump , yet this is why we voted for him and not clinton . 
  we 're only stuck with a president for 4-8 years , but over that time trends are established and the other side realizes they need to do something different to win elections . 
  maybe in 3\u00a01/2 years , either dems will drop the pc bullshit , or we vote red again . 
  there 's a reason the us constitution is the oldest surviving constitution in the world . 
  happy 4th . 
  why do you guys keep letting germany ruin europe ? 
  you 've learned nothing you poor fuck . 
  poor people are a very reliable voting bloc . 
  more communism would obviously have prevented this .
