  when it finally occurred to me , what they were trying to say , i asked them if krtek is was they meant , upon which they erupted in cheers that we finally understand each other which rocked the boat so much we must 've given the captain hard time steering it safely . 
  and that 's my best memory from that summer in croatia . 
  almost near death experience with a bunch of polish people that could n't remember how you say mole in czech . 
  we just need to dig up poland . 
  goodness me , why ? 
  oh come on , it 's not that bad . 
  i mean , the ordinary person wo n't notice anyway and the russians at least keep the money flowing . 
  wow , i 'm glad to see someone like karlovy vary here . 
  nice !, 
  oh man , here we go !, 
  women , beer , food , prague ... ^ ^ ^ gypsies , ^ ^ ^ corruption ... 
  popular here as well . 
  not sure about what 's today 's hit , but ** [ this song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hllk21wlomo ) ** was very , very popular . 
  to understand the popularity , it 's basically a protest song mocking our politics , apathy of the people to it , and everything that 's wrong in this god forgotten hole . 
  aww yeah !, 
  where are you from by the way , maybe you could use some local services ? 
  in here , you can use email.cz for your emails for example . 
  great alternative to skype is jitsi , it 's lightweight and very secure if you want it . 
  good luck finding an alternative to facebook though . 
  google + is exactly what you do n't want , vkontakte is russian and project diaspora apparently died . 
   in my country , the waiters and waitresses come over to you ever two bloody minutes to ask us if we 've decided to order . 
  same here , but i do n't mind , there are the ones providing the service to you after all . 
  what i do n't like is , that they ask you what do you want for a drink straight away . 
  so if you do n't have clear idea what they offer , you have to hastily go through the menu to see the beverages section . 
  i think it 's actually offence to snap your fingers on a waitress here . 
  not 100 % sure though . 
  i never thought about this until now . 
  i say hello to the long-distance coach driver , because you get in through the front door and you buy the ticket from him . 
  on the other hand , i seldom say hello to the city public transportation driver because you usually get in through other doors but the front ones and it 's so crowded he would n't hear you anyway . 
  also , it would be awkward to yell hello from the other end of the bus that is full of people . 
  i say thanks to the cashier , waitress etc. 
  it 's just general politeness . 
  mine 's from croatia . 
  they do n't have a rubbish bin for each house as we do here . 
  instead , they have bunch of this large bins somewhere on the side of a town , so they have to walk up there to throw away the trash . 
  i was told this is because of the insect and smell , that can build up during their hot summers . 
  pretty neat . 
  but i ca n't imagine older people taking the trip to the other side of the town whenever they want to throw away the trash . 
  even though my national pride would make me to tell you to go for czech , i would choose russian just for the convenience of it . 
  after all , it 's 155 million of native speakers compared to 10 million . 
  you mean crazy stuff like * noso\u010distoplena * instead of * kapesn\u00edk * ? 
  it 's sounds really cute , especially when girls speak it . 
  you know what 's fun ? 
  we have a saying in czech for people that drink very much and ca n't handle the booze afterwards . 
  it 's `` to drink like a dane . '', 
  why would we hate you ? 
  sure , it 's bad and those jerks are disgrace to their families and nation , but hey - you can find idiots like this in every country . 
  also your ambassador was quite good with his speech in the telly . 
  there 's a marketing campaign targeted on danish young people going at the moment . 
  they got a very good deal on accommodation in prague . 
  so to tell the truth , it 's partially our own fault . 
  oh man , the apathy is sometimes almost palpable . 
  wow , someone actually likes czech accent ? 
  i kinda hate my accent . 
  two-state solution my ass !, 
  what two states , when palestine is not even recognized as one ? 
  i am actually ashamed now . 
  perhaps . 
  can you say the same about the 31 000 + of others http://www.strukturalni-fondy.cz/cs/informace-o-cerpani/mapa-projektu ? 
  you have n't noticed all the projects financed mostly by the european union ? 
  right , we will thrive without the euromonies , i 'm sure !, 
  that or weapons manufacturers . 
  those bloody czech immigrants , stealing the simulator genre !, 
  funny you mention that , there 's nothing else on the czech news except for the ` immigrants crisis ' and the heat wave . 
  if they would put poland , czechia or any other central or eastern country here , the numbers would be off the chart . 
  ( and yes i know how percentage works , i am making a weak attempt on a joke here . ), 
   protect it from whom ? 
  the sea ofc . 
  holy cow , [ you are right ] ( http://api.mapy.cz/mediastorage/view/000/01a/00001a499_f78fea.jpg ) !, 
   there is even small dutch village wait , there 's what ? 
  where ? 
  sums up what peeps here thinks very nicely . 
  ca n't we just build a wall around trump ? 
  it will be cheaper and we can install some nice solar panels on top of it too with the money left over . 
  defenestration , on the other hand ... 
  just two more years ... 
  fear !, 
  wooooo !, 
  nuuuuuu, 
  exhaling loudly worked for me !, 
  i am not sure you replied to the right comment ? 
  voting in nazies surely shows you have made an educated opinion . 
  banning mosques will surely solve all our problems , i am sure . 
  the problem with these groups is that they know one thing , how to deal with muslims etc. , but they do n't have a plan how to run a fucking country . 
  you know what ? 
  let 's put the extremists in power , yeah . 
  let 's see how everyone who voted for them change the tune after they start actually implementing what they always dreamed about . 
  good to hear !, 
  time to dust off my terrible eu4 skills . 
  i think i can make it next week !, 
  save a spot for me . 
  interestingly enough , no such concept as west/east existed in europe pre-cold war . 
  russia was actually considered a nordic country at some point too . 
  also an idiot . 
  excellent example of the lunacy i am talking about . 
  thank you . 
  riiight , because rational thinking is what is happening in europe right now . 
  i 'm not racist but ? 
  because we like to rage over stupid shit !, 
  [ but can into space !,
