  how the hell do you figure a trade surplus benefits the eurozone ? 
  the eurozone unemployment is sky high and a trade surplus make the currency stronger and makes it harder for people to get a job since their economies are less competetive . 
  surplus destinations simply does n't matter - only the net result . 
  the easiest way to do it is to lessen the repression of your consumer sector . 
  that is very easy to do - shift some vat to other types of taxes . 
  as for raising wages , the government can raise the wages it itself pay . 
  abusive is a better word . 
  sooner or later the rest of the world will be forced to react . 
  well , except if you include the roma . . 
  no , what is accepted is that they cooked their books to get into the euro . 
  well , you could also have too little refinery capacity overall . 
  seems more likely unless you have domestic price controls on gasoline . 
  i think under this conditions both , spd and greens , would rather like to form a stable coalition with the cdu . 
  why ? 
  it is not as if they are totally slave to the left - they could still build temporary majorities with cdu or other parties if they find a better solution to a particular issue together with them . 
  germany ca n't do minority governments ? 
  the most extreme example we 've had here in sweden was in 78-79 when we had a government with 38 out of 349 total seats in the parliament . 
  not a stable situation , but most of our governments have been minority rulers and most have been stable . 
  could n't the social democrats and greens have formed a minority government without including them in the coalition ? 
  everyone but the germans agree they are insolvent and that the last treaty they and the creditors did is total bullshit that has zero chance at all to work . 
  she is damned skilled at kicking the can down the road , but the weight of it is increasing and sooner or later it will burst and there will be a total shitstorm hitting everyone involved , but the creditors the most since it is their stupid policies that are to blame for not defusing the problem . 
  if she has killed off all rivals , what will happen when she quits ? 
  a whole many years of socialist rule ? 
  just wait until the next recession before you claim it to be manageable . 
  things may change to the worse very quickly once the current good conditions disappear . 
  the eurozone currently has a * massive * surplus in the aggregated trade balance . 
  a weak euro will make it more competetive . 
  sure , it would shaft the european consumers , but with the massive unemployment levels , that will be more than offset by an increased amount of jobs . 
  yes , we should go back to letting our armies march through bohemia . 
  oh , that would also be a very fun ama :d, 
  while people may not need to ask about his economic stance , asking about the difficulties of implementing it could still be interesting . 
  have you ever been to southern europe ? 
  i cringed at the horribad english , not from the opinions . 
  the grass is greener on the other side of the border . 
  quite literally . 
  uh , considering the very few syrians most eu countries accept , i call bs . 
  personally i 'm waiting for italy to put their foot down by granting visas to everyone . 
  it ca n't be only the border countries that should take responsibility . 
  well , macedonia ca n't be * that * bad compared to what they are fleeing from , even if it is n't the wealthiest country on the continent . . 
  a structured writedown of debt is not a bailout . 
  what happened in 2010 was a bailout . 
  please give a source to the claim that it would be illegal to write down the debt . 
  preferably the german minister of finance claims this , but he is simply telling bs to further his politics . 
  as stated , i agree that it would be very good for them to leave the euro area , but all that is a * must * is a sharp writedown , as they already have a primary surplus . 
  leaving or not is a totally different issue that is n't nearly as clear cut . 
  while they ( and every other nongerman country ) would probably have better growth outside the euro , the fact is that greece have a surplus before debt payments , meaning the situation would be somewhat sustainable with just a debt write down . 
  so yes , maybe it should leave , but there is no must . 
  that is due to imf rules . 
  the debt they give out is the most senior debt . 
  that is part of how they operates and something that other lenders have always known . 
  if rules are in conflict with economic realities , then economic realities win * every time * . 
   because the rules says , clearly , no debt relief . 
  can you pinpoint the rule in question ? 
  i think you will find that the rules are not clear at all , regardless of what sch\u00e4uble says . 
  imf debt will not be cut . 
  they are the most senior lender and all other debt will be nullified before the imf debt is touched . 
  it is a consequence of consuming less than you produce . 
  government policy can affect it by either investing more , or by shifting taxes from consumption to stuff that is n't repressing consumption . 
  the most obvious way would be to reduce vat and increase some other taxes to compensate for the income shortfall . 
  another option would be to use the government to create demand by investing more . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  syriza also wants them - they even wanted to find some common ground back then to choose a set of reforms that both sides agreed on while doing negotiations about the parts they disagree on ( such as austerity and other bullshit ) , but the creditors refused to go outside the written roadmaps . 
  well , if you want a stable currency , then why the fuck are you running an absurdly big trade surplus ? 
  seriously , those surpluses end up at deficits in the books of other countries . 
  and productivity is not the answer - usa have higher productivity but is still running a trade deficit . 
  the trade surplus is a choice that you have made that is making the euro unsustainable . 
  if it had n't been greece , then it would have been another country . 
  imbalances add up , regardless of what sign the imbalance have . 
  the worst part is that balancing your economy towards consumption would increase your living standards so you germans are also losers in this . 
  huh ? 
  sweden does n't even have a minimum wage . . 
  talk about a straw man . 
  noone , including syriza , denies the need for structural reforms . 
  the talk is about austerity because the lenders focus on that instead of on structural changes . 
  the milk was spilled in 2010 when the eurogroup decided to save their banks instead of their member . 
  the greek should have had their loans written down to a sustainable level then . 
  would you prefer grexodus ? 
  after all , why use a english word when there is a perfectly fine greek word . . 
  that time bomb was set in 2010 . 
  the creditors already knew then that the debt was not sustainable . 
  now they are simply reaping what they sew . 
  if not then , just remember that it has to pass your parliament as well . 
  if they truly want to help the lower classes , they should shift the taxes away from consumption to something that is progressive . 
  that logic goes for all the other consumption taxes as well . 
  hmm , do you have any source for the suing ? 
  it would be very interesting to see greece lift the question to ecj , if there ever is time for that . 
  i take it that you have never seen anything from the swedish parliament ? 
  dull , dull , dull , and even more dull . 
  that * really * does n't matter . 
  debt inbalances accumulate regardless and will end up as loans from the countries with a positive trade balance to the countries with the negative balance . 
  http://blog.mpettis.com/2015/06/internal-and-external-balance/ explain it better than i ever could . 
  the section ` are trade surpluses virtuous ? ', 
  and the section following it is especially worthy of a read . 
  the whole thing is very well worth a read though . 
  yes . 
  one alternative solution would have been some sort of rule framework for managed bankruptcies . 
  extend and pretend like how it has been done so far is the worst choice . 
  germany mismanaged their own economy by having a huge perpetual trade balance surplus . 
  that has severe averse effects to a currency union , even if those effects tend to happen mostly in * other * countries . 
  i guess a lot of it has something to do with the fact that the long term prospect for italian debt looks pretty much horrible .
