  the corresponding number on the european side is 1 % - it would n't be painless but it would not be catastrophe given enough short term measures to survive a lack of russian gas . 
  as for your last point of divided population , that is what point c would accomplish - raising standards of infrastructure and living past the point where no one would want to return to the fold of russia would take care of that . 
  that should take care of any domestic disputes in ukraine . 
  that will not be cheap , but it will be needed . 
  as for it leading to a revolution , lets simply say i 'm not convinced it was n't orchestrated by russia from start to goal . 
  ukraine ( and georgia ) siding with nato would not destabilize a thing - the thing that destabilizes is the fact that there are unaligned nations that switch allegiance by the wax and wane of the two power blocs . 
  this whole conflict is basically about russia getting weak enough that ukraine slipped out of their sphere of influence so much that the soft diplomacy of russia was n't enough anymore . 
  http://sam.baskent.edu.tr/belge/montreux_eng.pdf article 21 . 
  turkey can close the strait for whoever it wants , and the worst thing that can happen is that they may be forced to open it again , assuming a 2/3 of the countries ( of what i 'd assume would be un now as lon is defunct ) would vote that way . 
  for discussion , see [ the second result of this search ] ( http://books.google.se/books?id=lefsi-qjhsec&amp;pg=pa123&amp;lpg=pa123&amp;dq=montreux+amendments&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=ljmkbquiky&amp;sig=cdohtn8n7gluey9b11cobg2xnb8&amp;hl=sv&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=wpkpu4gibssp4gt-pogocg&amp;ved=0cdsq6aewaq#v=onepage&amp;q=montreux%20amendments&amp;f=false ) and especially ` major issues in application of the convention ' ( i was unable to figure out how to link directly to it . 
  page 130 and 131 , anyhow ) . 
  turkey only has to claim that russia is belligerent , and then all issues with closing the strait disappear . 
  huh ? 
  turkey is allowed by treaty to close the strait for all military vessels , both in peacetime and in war . 
  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montreux_convention_regarding_the_regime_of_the_straits#development_of_the_convention_since_1936, 
  that is it , especially the postwar developments . 
  b is a showstopper for any more annexation as that would immediately mean full out war against nato . 
  c is dependent of a successful b. 
  d has happened before without provoking a war and turkey is allowed ( by treaty ) to do so . 
  the soviet protests the last time they did it provoked turkey to join nato though , and that was the end of that . 
  i think a suitable response is to a : let russia take crimea . 
  there is too much presige involved to not let it without war at this point . 
  b : integrate the rest of ukraine into nato with missile shields etc. 
  c : while ukraine cant join eu at this point , put it on the fast track for it by doing something remiscent of a marshall plan while at the same time forcing institutional changes . 
  d : let turkey permanently close the strait , cutting off access to the russian base in syria . 
  this should be enough to make the victory one of the pyrrhic kinds of victory . 
  it will not be cheap , but it should contain the aggression without trampling the russian ego . 
  for the nordics , nato is a real issue as swe and fin is not members . 
  sounds like a fantastic idea . 
  i wish my government was as smart as this . 
  not to mention former investments . 
  the value for russia of an ikea mall without ikea present in it is . . not great . 
  moldova is also not of any importance . 
  sure , it would be nice in the long term to not get border gore for schengen etc , but that is hardly a great concern . 
  transnistria has been defacto independent for 20 years . 
  letting that be formal should not be controversial . 
  allowing them to be subsumed into russia seems stupid though , and i do n't see why russia would allow that as they can not hope to defend it should it become contested . 
  yes , you managed to avoid issues like this by taking * all * the land from the native inhabitants . 
  paganism is reasonably strong , yes . 
  it correlates with prosperity , but then the soviet union managed to actually eradicate the church in certain areas . 
  thanks for explaining my snark to people that did n't understand it !, 
  those points make it looks like he actually has a damned good clue when it comes to the economy . 
  looks a lot better than any of the stances the different swedish parties have . 
  is he rightwing or leftwing ? 
  that sentence does n't really say anything on what direction he will steer italy in . 
  well , you could try to import janukovich , or assad . 
  does that say more about him or about you ? 
  chilling with a bit wine seems more hardcore in romania than in most other places . 
  how many germans or italians died under the german or italian flags during their unifications ? 
  i believe you make a grave error by downplaying this . 
  why ? 
  the gas line is important , but one has to remember that cutting supplies would be costly for russia as well . 
  well , they are not terrible at urban combat against opponents that are not heavily armed . 
  the problem is that they are * too * good against weakly armed opponents . 
  because the rabbis insist the animal must be conscious when knifed . 
  not that i know of . 
  til after wikipedia : that ` haram ' is the opposite of ` halal ' . 
  the ones complaining in this case are the jews , who does n't allow that in kosher . 
  it does n't matter for the muslim case , but it do matter for the jewish since sedation/stunning is not allowed for kosher . 
  all kosher meat in sweden is imported . 
  we have the same situation here in sweden since a long time . 
  source : father owns a butchery . 
  muslims are fairly regular customers ( bringing their own priest ) . 
  jews are not . 
  ah , nothing like romas to bring out the bigot armies . 
  uh , no , it really is n't . 
  of course they deserve to live there . 
  there is way too much water under the bridge to throw them out . 
  i wonder if the best solution would n't be a free enclave that is independent . 
  considering your username , i see plenty of reason to dislike both your guts and your country . 
  why could n't he accept it and then immediately give it to a country that it neighbours ? 
  border gore like that should be reduced :(, 
  returning to * poland * ? 
  if anything , it should be german . 
  being pc for the sake of being pc is wrong . 
  it is however also wrong to justify being an asshole with talk of political correctness . 
  they were hated back in the day as well . 
  the difference is that the jews got a country of their own in the aftermath , while the roma did n't . 
  hypocrit much ? 
  has it urged spain to ditch their anti-protest laws ? 
  the west have had plenty of economic progress since 1992 . 
  the east may have had more relative change , but the absolute change is pretty big in the west . 
  why do you assume immigrants getting jobs are a net loss of job opportunity for other people ? 
  if an immigrant takes a job no englishman can realistically take ( due to lack of experience or whatever ) , and then spend most of their money on stuff inside the country , then both the company he or she works for might employ more people . 
  shops and services the immigrant make use of may also require more people . 
  lets not pretend the job market is a zero sum game . 
  if the parents pay taxes where they live and work , as i assume they do , where is the problem ? 
  his ? 
  why do you assume it is a he that is behind that nickname ? 
  good for europe . 
  why on earth do you assume they will reach majority ? 
  that would take something like a sustained 100-fold increase of immigration from those areas for that to be able to beat naturalization of immigrants to swedes . 
  that ai n't gon na happen in any scenario that is plausible in any way whatsoever . 
  and regardless , in a generation or two they 'll be just as settled and as atheist as the big immigration sources a few decades ago , like italians and finnish . 
  it is not about being politically correct , it is about being correct . 
  going against so called political correctness does not excuse opinions or beliefs that are not well thought through . 
  a bigger fault has been the lack of rules regarding trade balance . 
  rules prohibiting both severe deficits and surpluses is needed . 
  compared to most of the rest of sweden , it is . 
  compared to other agricultural areas , not so much anymore .
