  to continue ? 
  personally i 'd prefer the policy to make it * easier * to immigrate . 
  regarding that birthrate , importing people is the solution , not the problem . 
  i 'm not convinced that would eradicate poorness . 
  it 'd be interesting if some country implemented it . 
  it is not possible to ban being poor . 
  the question is if selling their body is worse than the alternatives they have . 
  you need to give a lot more data to be able to back that up . 
  data that somehow take into account that opening up borders to poor areas in the eastern europe also increase trafficing . 
  data that , as far as i 've seen , hav n't been generated yet . 
  one thing to note though , is that both the german strategy and the swedish strategy is born out of a realization that the old ways of dealing with prostitution is really bad for the women involved . 
  time will tell which strategy is the most efficient one . 
  i 'm reasonably certain that the amount of traffic routed to brazil through sweden is pretty miniscule . 
  we 'd be happy to sell to the danes as well . 
  . . no guarantees about those planes actually taking off though . 
  that does n't say me a lot - here we are using m/s as the unit for wind , and i cba to convert . 
  maybe they count victims ? 
  what 's wrong with jaywalking ? 
  you will probably start to do that anyhow considering how many swedish immigrants you get . 
  most of scandinavia does not use the euro , so our currencies will devalue automatically if need be . 
  well , portugal and spain did and they do n't have impressive performances . 
  that would be tjetjenien , yes . 
  you guys really need to simplify your spelling . 
  we use tj instead of tsch , in this case ` tjeckien ' . 
  i was pretty disappointed in the needless and very blatant misogyny from the host . 
  if they want legitimacy , they should start by dismantling the damned council . 
  the big 5 would not be united , so that is not a problem . 
  the smaller countries would be able to tip the scales in the direction they want . 
  it would probably boost your chances at the eurovision . 
  as a nonsmoker , easy access to cigarettes is not a feature . 
  * exactly * half ? 
  reminds me of how we removed a seat in parliament since both the left and the right each got exactly 175 spots in an election . . 
   the government was formed by the parties which came 2nd and 3rd in the elections , not by the winners . 
  this sentence is what i responded to . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  a bit ? 
  here i thought we were abnornmal here in sweden with 349 members , but that is just insane . 
  do the 2nd and 3rd parties have a majority in the parliament ? 
  was it clear before the election that they were likely to partner up with each other ? 
  if that is the case , then they * did * win . 
  i 've seen extra leggings a few times when it is cold outside , but not during summer . 
  no , having a single standard wear is not discrimination . 
  though it would be frowned at , since it would be fucking retarded during most ( but not all ) situations . 
  indeed . 
  please keep your germs to yourself . 
  i do n't know about you , but it generally stays damned small in there . 
  sure , but to manage an effective peaceful protest , then someone must want to listen . 
  nothing beats a few minor riots for setting the stage for that . 
  well , there was this 67 year old guy swinging a machete that got killed . . 
  also the french riots a few years earlier . 
  i agree that it does n't do that in general , but it does work like that with capital - it is far too easy to move capital around to have different regulations on banks in a single currency area . 
  this includes having a single unified policy for failed banks , including having a single entity that clean up eventual banking failures . 
  millions ? 
  your numbers are off by several magnitudes . 
  you also both have a distinct lack of mountains or even hills . 
  swede here . 
  we know the feeling , not being swiss . 
  well , there wo n't be any price stability if the euro fails , which is the primary danger currently . 
  looking at it that way , printing is perfectly legal and not prohibited by treaties . 
  well , that is certainly what you will have to do once bank run contagion gets going for real , because you wo n't have any banks to store your money in . 
  i totally agree that a precedent should not be set . 
  for instance , savers in cypriotic banks should have have their money confiscated . 
  that would be a horrible precedent which could easily doom the euro . 
  sweden has its own currency and can print its way out of any problems should the need arise . 
  whenever we join the euro , then we * should * join whatever scheme there is simply because we are too small to handle the failure of big paneuropean banks . 
  yes , except the current nonfunctional ones in europe . 
  that will not happen because they will simply close the banks until everything is sorted out . 
  the question is how much troubles will spread to the neighbouring countries . 
  closing cyprean banks until things are sorted out there is possible , but that will not be an option for countries that do n't have that kind of haircuts in the pipeline . 
  maybe the ones saying that compares themselves to the western european states , and not against eu27 . 
  not including the former eastern bloc would push up the average a fair bit . 
  norway , we are dissappointed in you !, 
  regards , the other nordic countries . 
  no , you are second most swedish . 
  * duck and cover *, 
  they have lots and lots of vagrant workers with almost no rights . 
  i really doubt the problem is that you have too many qualified people . 
  what i believe would be the case is that you have people that have the * wrong * qualifications that somehow expect to get jobs anyhow . 
  there is nothing that automatically qualifies you for a job if you study - you have to study something there is a demand for . 
  do note that the wages in sweden is n't higher because of legislation ( we do n't have any minimum wage ) , but because of productivity and high efficiency and low corruption . 
  achieve that and high wages follow automatically . 
  legislating wages in advance does n't seem sustainable to me . 
  i do n't see how a minimum wage affect tipping . 
  usa also has a minimum wage but tip a lot . 
  sweden do not have a minimum wage and do not tip . 
  [ edit ] : seriously ? 
  major downvoting but noone argue the actual point i made , which is that there is no obvious relationship between existance of minimum wage and tipping . 
  you have to remember that the power of the emperor usually was really low , so that an area was part of hre did n't really mean a lot . 
  well , if the danish king had been less of a tyrant . . 
  that 's intentional from a security perspective . 
  they can stop the train if it has n't any speed . 
  being swedish , i fully agree that spoken danish is a nightmare . 
  norwegians on the other hand sounds like they are high , but are pretty simple to understand . 
  they are also pretty good at soaking up all that rain so that it does n't fall on me . 
  eating peanuts with chopsticks is the next level after that . 
  it 's only truly horrible when the mug melts . 
  from the list of the grandparent , the nordic countries takes the top 4 spots on consumption per capita . 
  and the 5th nordic country , sweden , takes the 6th place . 
  what is your problem with how sweden is ? 
  do you live here ?
