  what is the upside of being a decent human being that helps people in need , indeed ? 
  when it comes to the retention directive , many implementations break eu constitution as well : /, 
  now you are forgetting the refugee streams during the war . 
  like in 1944 where we received some 100000 finns in a few weeks . 
  we also got a whole lot of refugees from the baltics at that time . 
  actually we do n't . 
  the conventions are pretty clear on this , and there is nothing in them that require asylum seekers to seek asylum in the first country they happen to arrive in where people does n't shoot at them . 
  people are refugees until they have been granted asylum somewhere . 
  regardless of how many countries they passed on the way there . 
  yes , but the one i responded to is norwegian . 
  the border is a bit too long for that to be practical . 
  well , depends on how much bad feelings there will be between the countries . 
  i mean , imagine american league sporting cuban teams . . 
  i was talking about the boatloads . 
  they could remove the responsibility of airlines to pay for the return ticket and other fees for people without asylum . 
  or actually , it would be enough to remove the fees . 
  a two-way airticket would still be cheaper than the boat trip follow by smuggling yourself through europe . 
  improving the camps would also be nice , of course . 
  it would n't end the stream of refugees though . 
  that is because there is really no way to build a future in the camp . 
  i admit i have not . 
  which is a disgrace , really . 
  until the lake freeze . . 
  sure , but i 'm not a citizen of any of those countries . 
  they should do more , but that does n't excuse the eu . 
  i wish the rules would be set up in a way that it was n't necessary to break them . 
  need trump rules . 
  every single time . 
  eu is responsible for the boatloads since it does n't give the refugees a safer option . 
  the brigades are out in power today . 
  i 've seen nigerian exchange students in -20 \u2103 . 
  they looked miserable despite each wearing two down jackets . . 
  well , we tried a polish king for a generation or so . 
  it did n't work out . 
  still better than the danish kings though , 
  the german citizens have already voted for that , when they voted for politicians that have certain values , such as basic humanity . 
  finland ? 
  they hardly take any refugees . 
  austria is the third one that take a lot . 
  as for european values , i hope they do n't dig too deep into that because then there will be plenty of nationalism and other similar selfish idiocy . 
  statistically , malm\u00f6 as a whole is a lot more safe now than it was then . 
  incidentally , the reason more africans come to europe than before is not that they are poorer than before , but that they are now rich enough to afford the trip . 
  however , it will take decades until they are rich enough and have instituted enough social justice too remove the reasons that make people want to leave the place . 
  the norms of society is changing a lot slower than the economy . 
  they 'll be fine in a few generations , but will not into nordic ( because there is no point - they will be the baltic area together with l&l ) . 
  the people who revolted have shown themselves to be a very diverse group . 
  some are good , some are bad . 
  the bad is successful in some places , and the good in other places . 
  yes . 
  people revolted against assad for a reason , and the conflict * can not * end while he is in power . 
  well , the issue in this case is that the sharia marriages are n't recognized by the law . 
  if they would be recognized and have sensible rules for divorces and inheritances , then a lot of the issues would simply evaporate . 
  eventually i expect the hbtq movement to move towards demanding that more complex marriages were allowed , so that kind of rules would eventually be necessary anyhow . 
  i doubt that . $ 1500 - $ 2500 seems more probable . 
  yes , lets rebuild the iron curtain !, 
  on further reflection , lets not . 
  the dublin agreement is broken and must be fixed but the wouldbe angry countries block that . 
  a large part of it is that males generally are more privilegied and have more resources to spend to get to a better place . 
  a second reason is that it is more dangerous to travel as a woman . 
  remember , a big reason that there are so many long traveling migrants nowadays is that people are richer and can afford to go further than they used to . 
  before , they could perhaps afford to go to the country next by , whereas now some can afford to get to europe or some other better place . 
  no , they are not . 
  unless they got a citizenship in turkey , which the vast majority did n't . 
  the danger is that more people will risk drowning in the mediterranean . 
  unless someone thinks it would be a good idea to fence off all the beaches as well . . 
  we changed how we report and count rapes . 
  the actual amount of rapes has not increased . 
  for example , one change is that when a domestic case where a husband has raped his wife several times , before that ended up as a single case . 
  now each instance end up as a case of its own . 
  it is a strategy to make domestic violence more visible and thus easier to act on . 
  one of the actual problems in europe is a growing demographic problem where too many people get to old to work . 
  immigration is one of the solutions to that . 
  except when they are just as bad or worse , like ut\u00f6ya . 
  ah , good old whataboutism . 
  just as irrelevant as always . 
  tell that to norway . 
  i doubt they agree that ut\u00f6ya was only a nuisance . 
  heck , earlier this summer there was some maniac right winger that were found with massive amounts of dynamite here in sweden . 
  false . 
  most emigrants ended up working in factories on the eastern seaboard . 
  a lot of the asylum seekers already have relatives living here . 
   secondly , they might just be more effective at getting reports about it . 
  serial rapes within a relationships will nowadays have every single rape instance filed separately by the police . 
  this is as far as i know not the case anywhere else , and it heavily inflates the number of reported cases . 
  huh ? 
  according to eurostat , the german unemployment is at 4.7 http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6862104/3-03062015-bp-en.pdf/efc97561-fad1-4e10-b6c1-e1c80e2bb582, 
  considering that germany right now has roughly full employment , it may be a good idea for unions to be more aggressive about raising wages though - it will force less effective employers out of the market while the effective ones will still need more people . 
  that seems like a better idea than raising the minimum wage to me . 
  usa does n't run an unsustainable deficit in the long term - their economy is growing just as fast meaning that debt as a share of gdp does n't increase . 
  they also have control of their own currency , meaning that the dollar will adjust in value if that would no longer be true . 
  so what is the problem , again ? 
  well , we can institute policies to encourage more spending . 
  no , i mean implementing measures to enforce a more balanced trade . 
  trade balances is not about economies being stronger and better but about state policies being fair . 
  for example , usa have a higher productivity than germany , but has a trade deficit . 
  now you are assuming that extra eu export surplus is a sign of strength . 
  it is not , it is a sign of lacklustre internal consumption . 
  eu wide unemployment is at 9.2 % . 
  that is truly horrible and a big sign that things are out of whack . 
  basic economics .
