  after that , they are formally part of the conflict and can not vote at all regarding it . 
  well , it is basically former danish areas + former swedish areas . . 
  it is quite possible that china would be happy enough by taking back outer manchuria though . 
  and i think it is sad you value different people differently . 
  ( also , the vast majority of people that live in my country also happen to be complete strangers to me . 
  no difference there ), 
  sure , though i would n't agree that would be the result . 
  not a lot . 
  travel can be pretty damned cheap if you really need it to be . 
  it is pretty damned correct compared to where they come from . 
  i do n't care about the cause , as i really do n't see how europe can do anything about that . 
  only africa can solve the problems of africa . 
  what it * can * do something about is helping the people that come here . 
  first off , your claim was that europe ca n't solve the problem that people die trying to get here . 
  that claim is clearly false . 
  you simply choose not to save them by putting less value on their lives than you do on your percieved notion of the effects that would happen if borders were open . 
  second , the big countries of europe can take more immigrants due to their own population simply due to their bigger populations and economies being able to integrate more people at once . 
  the interesting number is how many is accepted per capita and by that measure the ones you listed ought to accept a whole lot more than they currently do . 
  shame on them . 
  of course there will be some effects . 
  for example , it would probably solve the long term demographic problem we have with a aging population . 
  it has been pointed out many times already . 
  immigration will still improve the situation of the * individuals * . 
  that is * enough * justification . 
  sure we could . 
  the lack of people is , in the long term , the one thing that will make us fall behind eastern asia . 
  you are claiming it makes the problem worse , but why do you think that ? 
  did the vast emigration to usa 100-150 years ago make sweden a poorer place ? 
  if not , why would this be different ? 
  everyone understands your argument . 
  people are simply saying that it is totally irrelevant . 
  actually it is . 
  open the borders and the africans that want to get here can do so , safely . 
  they only try to use those crappy boats since they are forced to use smugglers to get here . 
  noone is claiming it will solve africa 's problems . 
  people are claiming it will solve most of the problems of the migrants that move here . 
  that is what it makes being for free immigration the moral stance . 
  do you realize the reason people use these desparate measures is that they ca n't enter legally ? 
  you mean like how usa were overrun by economic migrants in the late 19th and early 20th century ? 
  i can think of worse fates . 
  i still do n't understand why it would n't be in the public interest to know what deals a politician is willing to make . 
  sure , i understand why the politicians does n't want to be accountable but that is no excuse for keeping it secret . 
  as for the treaty , if a concession is n't palatable to the public , it should n't be made . 
  the scope of the treaty should but cut until something can be found that is acceptable by all . 
  a treaty is not automatically better if it cover more things . 
  the process you prefer lead to abominations like the lisbon treaty . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  why do you believe scrutiny of big deals is a bad thing ? 
  sure , when they are up to standard when it comes to fighting corruption etc. 
  geography has a part , as open borders does n't mean much if there are no common borders . 
  apart from that , i agree . 
  i would be against it because there is no point . 
  the eu does not have any borders to eu , meaning that the main reasons to join is irrelevant . 
  however , i would support it if the bordering countries joined before that . 
  well , it does , but not on the federal level in this case . 
  eu does n't agree with your stance on the roma . 
  seriously , you does n't treat them well enough and they are pretty much shut out of most professions . 
  yes , that is the time we were allied against russia . 
  not that it helped . 
  afaik , sweden never invaded ukraine . 
  it was allied against the russians though at least once . 
  no , it was not . 
  as an outsider i would have guessed the time between 1884 ( unification ) and wwi to be the golden time . 
  so much improvement everywhere . 
  peasants rights ? 
  did n't your peasants have a better time due to not being serfs ( which afaik never has been a thing in sweden ) ? 
  uh , there are severel sides that are clearly bad in syria . 
  `` two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the universe . '' -- albert einstein, 
  well , the difference would be that either russia is actively evil by shooting down passenger planes , or they are only simple actively evil by sending soldiers into ukraine . 
  there certainly is a difference , but it * really * does n't matter . 
  sure , but they are not producing enough of it . 
  they could also import from china , but they do n't have enough transportation space to do that by rail . 
  i guess the northeast passage would be pretty helpful for russia . . 
  because if they had choosen to officially respond to the eu sanctions , then they can not revert the santions without losing face . 
  basically , this action may recreate queues for food which is a thing that could backfire in the russian politicians faces . 
  these are also the first sanctions that will be really noticeable for the russian public ( because really , bank and oil company sanctions may be horrible for the country but it wo n't impact the everyday shopping ) . 
  this mean these new sanctions have a risk involved for the politicians that enforced it , and that risk is mitigated if they can revert it . 
  yes , that is correct . 
  being an intolerant asshole is a surefire way of receiving massive downvotes . 
  that is a good thing and keeps the discussion in the sub tolerable . 
  a good place to start looking would be the netherlands which is * way * more densely populated than any area in africa . 
  resources is not now and has never really been the limiting factor - since human intellect beats it every time . 
  russia could start by closing their fucking borders for weapons and people that want to join in the fight . 
  it just does n't work that way . 
  you should read up on economics regarding competetive advantages - trade really benefit both sides . 
  economically speaking , they have always been in deep shit . 
  this may at least open up a path to westernize their industry that they really hav n't had enough motivation to do before . 
  the difference is that ( most of ) those are doing something about that . 
  sure , but they have not understood that yet . 
  i simply hope we wo n't need a war to make russia understand that . 
  well , it is interesting to speculate what would happen the next time they bancrupt themselves [ * ] and they once again lose control over remote areas . 
  i would n't be too surprised if it happens sooner or later - they are way too dependent on oil . 
  [ * ] last time was when ussr died . 
  simply doing something russia doesnt like does not make nato into an aggressor . 
  they are not forcing any country to join , and russia does n't have any inherent right to decide the future of its neighbours . 
  not gon na happen : /, 
  however , people that leave send back money , and often comes back and do investment and/or introduce new ideas . 
  it is not zero reciprocity in the long term . 
  yes , it was certainly unique in having a deadlocked parliament for so long . 
  sweden helped out whoever seemed to be winning at the time , really .
