why not keep importing swedes ? 
  then eventually you will have a common language :p, 
  and validates the claim that bokm\u00e5l = = danish :p, 
  basque is not finno-ugric . 
  which is not all that surprising considering that the finno ugric tribes migrated into europe from the east , while basque were already in place . 
  he or she is saying that germany behaves the same way it would behave if they wanted that . 
  which they have done and continue doing by allowing their imbalances to pile up . 
  currencies that devalue by the choice of politicians yes . 
  not floating currencies that happen to lose value - in that case the recurring need to adjust value does n't happen . 
  we have experience of both kinds here in sweden . 
  no , the alternative to austerity was to fix the damned imbalances on the eu level which are what gave rise to the issues in the first place , not to let every nation try to solve issues that came about as a result of a broken model . 
  crimea might be a tactical win , but engaging in the war is a losing position on a strategic level . 
  nothing ensures your neighbors wo n't like you like random land grabs like that . 
  the long term position is similar to the one of the local bully when you grew up - horrible . 
  weak euro is the best that could happen and could help stave off deflation . 
  sadly , it is probably simply a sign that the german exports are in the shitters . 
  can you please provide a source for that ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_history_in_russia and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communism_and_homosexuality claim that it was the removal of the liberal bills that allowed homosexuality , and that it was n't until 1933 that it was again prohibited . 
  i 'm not trying to whitewash anything - lenin was pretty damned horrible in many ways . 
  i 'm only claiming stalin was worse , in this particular case . 
  diplomats have , but not all of the staff . 
  blame stalin paranoia for that . 
  lenin did n't care who people slept with as long as they were sound ideologically . 
  reminds me of an incident we had where some worker at the malaysian embassy here in stocholm got arrested and jailed for beating their kids . 
  apparently there was a public uproar defending the parents in malaysia . . 
  until the larger countries split into more manageable sizes . 
  austrianism is not a sound economic theory . 
  the main weak point of russia is not geography but economy . 
  it may not be fair to criticize individual germans , but it is definitely fair game to criticize the german government for not acting . 
  as for the damage being done , no , it will not be done until their economy reaches a balance in their trade balance . 
  the positive trade balance is not achieving growth in non german europe . 
  instead , it is * actively hurting * the rest of europe by keeping the euro overvalued compared to their needs . 
  as such , it is one of the major drivers behind the deflationary danger . 
  another way it is being worked on is increasing the throughput of the north-southern connections , which is a big bottleneck at this point . 
  you have also managed to build some single points of failure into your network . 
  remember the big blackout that hit most of the eastern seaboard and big parts of the midwest . 
  nothing similar has hit europe ( yet at least ) . 
  now you assume that uk will still be in the eu by 2020 ^ ^ ^ ^, 
  it is more of a case of ` spot the rich countries ' . 
  that goes for japan as well though . 
  fwiw , \u00c5land did have a vote to secede ( and join sweden ) , and the secessionists won . 
  they are doing a lot better than they are doing in europe . 
  may there be some structural racism still there ? 
  probably , but still a lot less than in most other places . 
  there are plenty of tellings of how the people in the poor suburbs are discriminated against . 
  find out for yourself . 
  if it is not a cultural issue , why do somali refugees integrate so much better in the usa than they do in european countries ? 
  this despite grouping up in small areas . 
  allow young and poor people a way to craft a future for themselves , and you will not have this kind of integration problems . 
  shut them out , and you will get the issues you describe . 
  why do you think it does n't have anything to do with the local culture ? 
  compare to immigrants to the usa - they do n't have this kind of problem and they have never had it , even when they was far more accomodating to immigrants . 
  this is a fault in your culture , not in the culture of the immigrants . 
  we have certain aspects of the problem here in sweden as well , but far less of it from the looks of it . 
  we certainly do n't have any multi generational issues like that . 
  if you hav n't allowed them to enter your society , then it is your society that is way too closed . 
  give poor people a chance and they will take it . 
  not very surprising when it comes to france i suppose - you have a long history of seeing yourself and your so called culture as more worth than your neighbours . 
  a culture that is n't including to everyone in the society , is not a culture that is worth protecting . 
  perhaps not , but most could accept a whole lot more than they do currently . 
  most countries are * way * too tight . 
  why do you think the emmigrant countries would be more unstable if the people that does n't like the current regime stays home ? 
  and even if they are less productive than some of us , they will still be magnitudes more productive than they are now . 
  seriously , we are talking of an average productivity increase of several thousand times what it was before leaving . 
  perhaps , but still a vast net gain to the world . 
  i believe you are overestimating the threat of destabilized western societies . 
  most could take in many times what they currently do without any problems whatsoever . 
  also , do n't forget that large parts of africa has been reached by the economic revolution and many countries are growing like mad . 
  there would be an end of immigrants because most will soon end up going to the major growth centra . 
  uh , the point is not to put them in camps but to let them integrate and get work and contribute . 
  no , the only way of stopping this kind of trafficking is to give the emmigrants a legal way to reach their destination so that they would n't have to resort to dangerous methods like this . 
  * cough * puerto rico * cough * usa has definitely been in the same situation . 
  it has also chosen the only moral alternative at times , ie open borders . 
  that fell out damned well , both for the originating country and for usa . 
  the problem is that issues like that boat happen because of the border policies of europe . 
  people ca n't get here using sane methods , so they are left with the insane . 
  because people are dying in our waters . 
  there is only one way to avoid this , and that is to give the immigrants a way here that is n't dangerous . 
  well , you do n't become best in class by accepting mediocrity . 
  you still have a long way to go . 
  some of the animated movies end up having both dubbed and subbed versions when they hit the cinemas though . 
  well , i would actually not be surprised if some of the older generations would like dubs . 
  i 'd be surprised if my grandmother would n't . 
  the whole baltic area should probably be cycled counterclockwise . 
  lituania has a lot more in common with poland than with us . 
  so how many square meters are a house ? 
  house price ? 
  wtf is that measured in a sane way , ie per square meter ? 
  they certainly did n't have a lot of it left after the battle of stalingrad . 
  do you really think critical thinking was widespread before communism ? 
  remember , russia went more or less directly from absolute monarchy to communism . 
  i hope you are correct , but i fear an internal struggle would en up in a mad scenario where russian factions apply mad on former russia itself . 
  greece less thrustworthy than the filthy backstabbing danish ? 
  are you really a swede ? 
  but you can trust that they will do it thoroughly . 
  because you hav n't got the sense to apply proper insulation . 
  it is pretty tragic that a lot more people die in central europe than in the much colder northern europe during winters ( per capita ) . 
  also the traditional east-west divide in the elections were gone in the may election , which is also a step away from division . 
  finland did , in the continuation war ( that they lost , as opposed to the winter war . 
  the problem is that a certain country will be able to veto every single un force until a formal war is declared .
