  it is a crisis that has n't exploded , yet . 
  it is totally the germans own fault that they do n't want to consume all of the fruits of their labor . . 
  if they want to not have this problem , then they should balance their trade balance . 
  everyone , most especially the germans themselves , would be better off . 
  well , you have ~ always been in a horrible state , and you are improving relatively fast . 
  believe me when i say this : there have probably been more talk of poor romanians here in . se than there have been of greeks . 
  probably cause we see you at every corner . 
  well , they do n't have any money printers any more . 
  they where literally dismantled when they entered the euro . 
  there will probably be some ious until that can be arranged . 
  probably even longer - there can be ious nominated in euros for a while . 
  it has been impossible to avoid some kind of default or hair cut for a very long time now . 
  the only question is how expensive it will be for the lenders . 
  at the present , it looks as if they are trying to maximize their losses . 
  assuming there is no new debt crisis by then . 
  after all , you still have your bloody trade inbalance that force debt to accumulate over time . 
  ( we have a similar inbalance here in sweden , but at least we do n't starve other countries by sharing a currency with them ), 
  from all the comments i read on this forum , i do not get a sense that the lenders must get their shit together or they will end up getting exactly 0 back on their outstanding loans . 
  any deal that does n't put greece back to a pattern of long term growth , will automatically fail since it will not be in the greek interest to adhere to such a deal . 
  sweden , 47228 , more than a century under denmark . 
  participation rate shrink if there is long term unemployment though . 
  it would be interesting to see the result of a really big failure of a polish bank , considering that you are also required by eu to take on the debt of failing banks ( in order to avoid cascading failures ) . 
  it is an utterly insane rule that is to blame for much of the issues of the pigs ( including greece ) have had since 2007 . 
  the sane version of the rule would be that ecb would be the single regulator , and also responsible to pay for any failures . 
  it could be financed either by the countries or by applying a dedicated fee on banks into a fund . 
  how long is it until your next election ? 
  how would that happen without violating treaties ? 
  but why on earth ( and how ?!? ), 
  would they exit the eu ? 
  that can not happen , as the eur does n't have any exit rules . 
  at all . 
  it is just as impossible to throw out greece as it is to throw out germany . 
  if they leave their currency will self-adjust to a sustainable level . 
  this adjustment is a short-term pain that will then change to growth . 
  austerity is a continual hole that wo n't ever return to growth . 
  greece have tried those measures by bending over to creditor demands for the last 5 years . 
  it resulted in a 30 % dip in gdp . 
  i doubt the greek people want more of that ` progress ' . 
  the imf leadership has . 
  their research department now agree that their policy in regards to greece was and is horseshit . 
  source ? 
  from what i 've seen , economists are unusually unanimous in agreeing that austerity have been absolutely horrible for greece . 
  this includes entities like the research department of the imf . 
  you have to view it from his point of view . 
  continued austerity practices is the absolute worst thing that can happen to greece . 
  default and grexit is not a good option , but it is still a lot better since there will at least be a path to growth and prosperity from it . 
  the best alternative would be to get a debt haircut that cuts the debt to sustainable levels , but the creditors have declined that option despite it being the rational choice . 
   i really do n't understand how you 're counting ... you should double check that . 
  or maybe you should : `` around 62 % of the world 's muslims live in south and southeast asia , with over 1 billion adherents '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_by_country the religion ` islam ' is the same , in the same way orthodox and protestants are both christian . 
  if you mean something else than the overarching umbrella term , use whatever you actually mean instead of the needlessly broad term . 
  for example , i 'd totally agree that wahabism is very troublesome . 
  it is also quite possible to complicate it further , by noting that the majority of muslims live in the far east ( malaysia etc ) and that they do n't seem to have the same kind of issues that we tend to see in the middle east or northern africa . 
  swede here ( with immigration somewhat similar to usa , in terms of ratio of population ) . 
  / r/europe is pretty mild compared to / r/sweden . 
  so much hate against people that are different . 
  can ecb cut that lifeline to the banks without breaking any treaties ? 
  it is not obvious that a default is enough to do that from a legal perspective even if the politicians want it . 
  to negotiate there must be common ground . 
  otherwise it is pointless . 
  there are no common ground because the creditors does n't seem to understand that the debt can not be repaid in full . 
  or possibly that they do n't have enough bravery to tell that to the people that voted for them . 
  imf is largely controlled by the european lender countries . 
  you can collect it at the office . 
  academia time comes with a built in delay , where everything except exams * always * start exactly 15 minutes late . 
  the term for it is ` akademisk kvart ' . 
  except when the clock is past 18 , when it suddenly always is half an hour . 
  that is true , but erections just does n't happen - even in unisex saunas . 
  the thing germany must understand at some point , is that default is unavoidable , and the name of the current game is loss minimization . 
  you simply can not wish away insolvency , and the earlier they understand this , the less their losses will be . 
  not even close to greece . . 
  but it is the responsibility of whatever colony we choose to deport the people to ? 
  * sigh *, 
  only if you assume that lenders should n't have to take responsibility for the decision they made when they choose to lend money to greece in 2010 instead of accepting write-downs * then * , which was what greece asked for and also was what the research department of imf thought was necessary . 
  they already knew in 2010 that the current setup was n't workable , but instead they choose to kick the can down the road . 
  greece should not be punished for the fact that the lenders are short sighted . 
  they are also largely controlled by the lender countries . 
  if it is a lost cause , then debt reduction is the only way forward . 
  could tank ? 
  greek gdp have * already * been slashed 30 % due to the idiotic austerity policies . 
  the part of imf that do decisions is controlled politically by the lender countries in europa . 
  the research part is totally different . 
  the polling stations are probably smaller in the east though , due to there being less people there . 
  if you only get 200 per year , what is the damned problem ? 
  200 per year is not an invasion . 
  the easiest way would be to give independence to scotland and wales . 
  pay off ? 
  you mean we are stupid enough to host it all the time . 
  the problem is that the alternative is also not possible . 
  common currencies require either a willingness to let bankruptcies happen or to have a fiscal union ( which is about the same thing as eurobonds ) . 
  if they do n't have either of those , then they will fall apart . 
  as was shown for example by the scandinavian currency union that fell apart 1914 . 
  well , eventually wages will equalize . 
  you have had plenty of economic development and that will continue . 
  as opposed to english breakfasts , that go directly to the heart . 
  and then stays there until the heart break . 
  lets make it work with the current level of integration before adding more , kthnx . 
  more like 5 vs 1 . 
  yes , we should definitely have occupied them longer . 
  huh ? 
  as far as i know , swedish immigrants are naturalizing a whole lot better than your russians are doing .
