  the process would probably be self sustaining at some point . 
  it is not as if the western countries got rid of corruption due to outside influence . 
  but yes , changes like this can take a few generations . 
  you will have plenty of growth and societal improvements while the process is happening though , so you wo n't have too much to complain about . 
  putting in command ? 
  they just had an election . 
  some guy won . 
  it appears to have been a reasonably fair election . 
  what is the problem ? 
  as for spheres of influence , please crawl back to the 19th century where that concept belong . 
  as for putin , he is a lot closer to mussolini in actions than he is close to hitler , tbh . 
  iirc , the indenpendent anti corruption agency was a requirement for joining eu . 
  grow ? 
  the figures are shrinking and less people see immigration as a problem now than did 10 years ago . 
  ah , so now people are brainwashed . 
  nice bringing up a conspiracy theory when facts does n't suit you . 
  you claimed people are asking for immigration controls , but the majority clearly does not do that . 
  the majority is either happy with status quo or wants more immigration . 
  what filth would that be ? 
  no , a majority of the people supports the current policies , or wants an even bigger immigration . 
  because the vast majority of people support immigration friendly politics . 
  it is as simple as that . 
  southern sweden is sinking . 
  you have common cultural heritage !, 
  yes , and while at it have turkey close the strait for russian military vessels ( which they are allowed to do by treaty , given that the target nation is ` belligerent ' ) . 
  i meant i visited during the rain period . 
  it can be summarized as ` fireworks ' . 
  i have seen such a thing in real life . 
  in an area that had two weeks of rain each year . 
  during rain . 
  sure . 
  while he is getting kinda bold now , he was n't when he started being president . 
  ukraine has the right to protect its own borders , both against outer and inner threats . 
  russia has no right whatsoever in interfering in the domestic problems of other sovereign nations . 
  it really is no harder than that . 
  as long as the percentage is higher ( and keeps being higher ) than yours , then they will eventually catch up . 
  welcome to the fold . 
  i have a really hard time seeing how the west would agree to partner with putin again . 
  i believe that ship sailed when he decided to annex crimea . 
  from now on , russia will once again be seen as an opponent and not someone to cooperate willingly with . 
  that will not change as long as he is in power . 
  personally i prefer incompetent thieves over the competent ones . 
  why do you believe the economic game is weaker than the military force projection game ? 
  over the long term , i 'd assume the exact opposite . 
  from the looks of it , not nearly enough . 
  the inflation measure is equally senseless . 
  we would buy * their * gas , so they can prize it in whatever currency they want . 
  nobody is arguing we should n't buy from russia if that is the best option . 
  people is arguing that we also should have the ability to buy from someone else , which a lot of europe does n't have today . 
  yes , as crimea exemplifies so well . 
  fwiw , i find the quality here better and more nuanced now than it was 4 years ago . 
  there was that elite force that was disbanded due to sniping protesters at maidan . 
  those are prime suspects . 
  carl bildt is only agent of one thing , and that is himself . 
  core national principle to be anti-militaristic ? 
  uh , i think you should take a look on how big part of gdp we spent on the military in the 60s and 70s . 
  it was a stupid high amount - we had the third largest air force in the world for a while ( after us and ussr ) . 
  i did n't say they were not relevant . 
  i said they were gradually losing power and did n't like that fact . 
  they are more like a falling power that use whatever string they can to try to stay relevant . 
  good luck keeping it . 
  there are situations where it is fully ok to restore order with military . 
  one being if the protests is driven by russian infiltrators , like they were in crimea , and like they looks to be here . 
  by getting crimea he lost every single ounce of soft power he ever had . 
  that will bite him in one way or another , since it means that every single thing he will try to accomplish abroad after this will have to happen by military projection . 
  that is not a good situation to be in . 
  in what treaty is it stated that nato will not expand ? 
  hint : there is no such thing . 
  more mussolini , really . 
  is ` traditional russian values ' defined anywhere , or is it a totally arbitrary paragraph that could be applied to anything ? 
  well , here is a suggestion . 
  let ukraine dictate their own events without interference . 
  that is was the west support , and what russia does n't want . 
  russia ( nor any other country ) has no * right * to impose a sphere of influence or any of the other things you mention . 
  so yes , it is all because russian exceptionalism . 
  russia was just as ignored as they deserved to be . 
  the eastern bloc does n't join eu with trade agreements and nato because the western states are pushing east . 
  instead , the eastern countries left russia , because really , who wants to be close to the local bully ? 
  russia spent a lot of soft power on trying to prevent this , but that soft power eventually ran out and now only military power remains . 
  but military power is britle , and the cracks will start to show very soon . 
  putin himself was against the iraq war . 
  i suppose some countries may be dependent on russian weapons since the west wo n't sell them any . 
  my point is that nato can still cut that any time they want , with or without ukraine . 
  considering they still have to pass turkey to get to any real water , and that turkey can close the strait for russian vessels if they consider russia ` belligerent ' , there will not be any big difference . 
  in a sharp situation against nato , the fleet will be locked into the black sea anyhow . 
  they could also do a straight up revanschist reconquest of outer manchuria that russia stole earlier . . 
  do china have close ties with anyone ? 
  at all ? 
  they might not be downright hostile to nk and russia , but are either really friendly ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  do n't count on china . 
  on either side . 
  they could side with russia to take action against their territorial claims on us allies when us resources are being spent elsewhere , but they could as well take the opportunity to take back outer manchuria . 
  they already had naval access . 
  i 'd guess most houses are heated with central heating . 
  the plants for that are definitely not electric . 
  regarding the gas import , it would be a mid term problem , but not a short term or long term problem . 
  there is no chronic gas shortage in the world and it would be relatively straightforward for the dependent nations to build pipelines and gasification plants . 
  that is a solvable issue from the european viewpoint . 
  from the russian standpoint however , we must note that 18 % of russian gdp consist of exports to europe , so saying that it will not hurt russia is false - they will be bankrupt in a very short order should a blockade be realised - it would simply take too long to build enough pipelines to china .
