  * recent * immigrants will always not be naturalized , but wait 5-10 years and you will see the effects i referred to . 
  they could go wherever they want to , but what does that matter when the state provides the housing ? 
  they could also naturalize a lot faster due to not having other speakers of the same language just over the border . 
  it makes sense within the eu as well - it is just that the countries that does n't accept many immigrants does n't * want * to . 
  they could probably work legally due to the free movement inside eu ( which would n't be a problem ) the same way hungarian citizens can come to germany and work , but you are correct in that there problaby would n't be any benefits if they are not able to get their own money . 
  it is not opinion of the parties , but the opinions of people that matter in questions like this . 
  as an example , take the swedish referendum regarding on if we should join the euro , where every political party except one with a single-digit percentage of votes were arguing that joining would be a good idea , but the yes-side still lost . 
  thankfully , in retrospect . 
  yes , and ask greece how it feels to do business with the troika . 
  sweden has always been happy to fight to the last finn . 
  yes , since a tie can be broken , just as has been done before . 
  now you are assuming the common market will have enough efficiencies compared to the current situation to actually lower the prices . 
  that is not obviously true - if that were the case then bigger trading areas always have lower prices compared to smaller and that is not the case . 
  it is quite * probable * that this will turn out to be the case for this particular case , but it is not a given and should not be treated as such . 
  yes , but i would recommend going to germany , since the queues are very long in sweden for that . 
  or you do n't do that , and end up with a common market . 
  which is the bloody point of eu anyhow . 
  also note that it is n't really talking about scrapping the removal of roaming charges , only of altering the time plan for when it has to be finished . 
  does n't surprise me all too much since telcoms tend to not be very nimble when it comes to handling change . 
  and how do you figure out what country that was ? 
  yes . 
  i know cats that are pretty good at having their opinions enforced . 
  that is assuming there is a unified arabic culture , and as opposed to a tunisian one , an egyptian one , a syrian one etc etc. 
  no , but it is not impossible that something similar to the old hansa time could happen though . 
  at that time the german influence was big enough that 30 % of the words come from that . 
  perhaps in norway . . 
  well , the old western countries figured ` never again ' after ww2 . 
  the commies figured ` oh , what a great idea - lets copy that ' . 
  assuming people also continue to speak the language through the generations . 
  that is far from obvious . 
  it is not really mindless if they intentionally go after the armed forces of their opponent though . 
  which in this case was what happened . 
  weell , we have those in the eu as well . 
  the fact that many people admired the ideas does n't make them great though . 
  how the hell was eugenics , fascism or nazism ever great ideas ? 
  also , fwiw , they certainly did change the world . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  the contributions from france are always depressing . 
  no , turkey is bombing ypg . 
  pkk or ypg , in response to the turkish bombing of ypg positions earlier this week . 
  i would take that problem when and if it happens . 
  are you aware most of them is n't going to emigrate either way , even if they could emigrate whereever they wanted in the world with no restrictions ? 
  yes , hence ` supposedly ' . 
  yes there would . 
  1 million to germany is * way * more than if 10m refugees were distributed based on per capita . 
  ah , but the english do mind the polish workers supposedly leeching off the welfare systems . 
  that is one of the big arguments the people wanting to leave use !, 
  in general , that is false . 
  having refugees seek asylum in the first country is simply a dublin agreement concept . 
  it definitely does n't apply outside eu . 
  by treaty definition , people are refugees until they are granted asylum in a country where they can rebuild their future . 
  the treaties do not mention that they have to stop in the first country deemed safe . 
  there are options that * could * be chosen if the * only * priority was to have people not die . 
  for example , allowing people to apply for seeking asylum directly from outside eu would be effective in this , as then they could simply take the plane here when they were accepted . 
  much safer . 
  that only works if a high enough portion of asylum seekers get approved that way , of course . 
  eu as whole could * easily * absorb 10 million migrants a year if everyone cooperated . 
  given the economic talks last year you seem to do your best . 
  it really does n't matter that the surplus within the euro area is small , since everyone in the euro area gets the bad effects from the imbalance of the whole area . 
  it makes the euro too strong and that makes it harder for the other to compete against countries outside the euro area . 
  lets call london , if they would stay without poland . 
  actually , finland has been hit a lot harder by the crisis than they were in the great depression . 
  a fair bit from the issues you had , but they are in seriously dire straights . 
  well , say what you want , but greece do win on weather . 
  not even drunken brawls ? 
  impressive . 
  well , there are some places that have decent or really strong growth , such as sweden ( and iirc , germany ) . 
  right . 
  what people seem to forget about comedy is that it , just as regular speech , tend to have a message . 
  you can ( and should ) joke about any topics , but not all jokes are funny and the message place a big part of deciding which ones are . 
  no it does n't . 
  by that logic sweden did n't have any peasants in medieval times , which would be an absurd notion . 
  being a peasant is an occupation . 
  that they generally did n't own their land in some ( but definitely not even close to all ) of europe does n't change that fact and does n't automatically make them into serfs . 
  you obviously never read their economy pages . 
  dunno , but here in protestantic sweden we celebrate on the 24th . 
  ( and then the religious nuts go to church on the 25th ) . 
  right . 
  traditionally he was more . . gray . 
  says the guy with the separatist flair . 
  yes . 
  it is not as if the rest of the world was unaffected by it . 
  i would assume usa had higher gdp/capita in 1938 . 
  strictly speaking , it does n't have the legal right to do it even if it has the moral rights . 
  the big issue for greece wiping debt is the euro . 
  without the euro , there would be a few years of hardness and then people would again lend when the government budgets looks to be able to handle it . 
  if that is a less tough strategy or not compared to the current one is a different discussion . 
  i think it is a beautiful thing when women , including mothers , have enough agency to take care of their own problems without requiring the help of someone else . 
  no , only someone who ascribes to be a decent human being would care about opinions on women . 
  to be fair to ee , reactionary voters are getting strong in western europe as well : /, 
  honestly , what you think he wanted to say is also bad and misogynic , so whatever . 
  i take it you do n't vote for the current leader then ? 
  yes , indeed . 
  those are not included in the sanctions afaik . 
  some people ( increasingly few with increasing infrastructure for transporting gas eastwards ) could go cold if those deliveries would stop , but as a share of total eu economy , they are peanuts . 
  different regimes , but basically the same country . 
  the sanctions hurt russia a lot harder than they hit europe , after all . 
  russia is a small trading partner of europe , but europe is a huge trading partner of russia . 
  russia simply does n't have the economy clout to do economic warfare . 
  edit : fix typo that / u/jorvikson pointed out .
