  usa have not done any land grabs in a long time . 
  if i were to guess , i 'd say it was the philippines ( which went fully independent later ) . 
  sadly , that is not realistic . 
  in practice , crimea will have to wait until the next time russia disintegrates ( as it does , now and then . 
  the two times prior to this was 1991 and 1917 ) . 
  the next time may take a while though . . 
  no , but i 've seen plenty of finns that have a special relationship with their knife even if they did n't stab anyone . 
  it is probably easier to start teaching them the knife . 
  after the anschlu\u00df you mean ? 
  i 'd limit myself to ` all roads lead away ' . 
  i lack the e18 connection over ferry to finland from sweden on that map . 
  the relationship is however not as simple as you seem to think . 
  economy is not a zero sum game as you seem to think - if we employ resources that are currently unallocated ( also known as unemployed ) , then there will not be any inflation . 
  there is also the implicit assumption that there will be no productive behaviour from the refugees ( as that will offset any inflation - the cost would simply be an investment into more productivity ) , and that may be true in the short term , but as there will also be no inflation in the short term ( inflation from increased money supply is * always * a long term phenomena ) . 
  no , money is fiat and not a finite resource . 
  we can create however much of it as we want . 
  now , doing that may have severe negative consequences that is unwanted , but saying that it is a finite resource is simply false . 
  human and material resources is finite , but money is not . 
  hmm . 
  true . 
  i wonder what figures it was that i found - i know they were on the same site o_o, 
  while it is n't fixed , it is a lot higher on average in poland than it is in germany . 
  eventually as the polish gdp/capita get close to the german you 'll slow down , but until that happens , you can expect a lot higher growth rate in poland . 
  eh , it was the gdp per capita numbers i was looking at when i claimed they were 10 years behind . 
  no , you are not . 
  understanding exponential growth was never your strong suit in maths , was it ? 
  yes , even with the rest of e europe . 
  poland may have caught up with western europe in 15-20 years though if current trends continue . 
  romania is now at about the level poland were per capita in 2005 - they are 10 years behind . 
  annualized ? 
  it is , but it still represents the fact that you are catching up . 
  they are catching up but they have a lot of catching up to do . 
  it talks about stuff like ` immigration police ' . 
  the fact checking behind that article is clearly non-existent . 
  no , it actually is n't very hard for professionals to get into sweden . 
  you have to demonstrate your employability by getting a job . 
  and that is basically it . 
  there is also the possibility of reform that could happen when enough countries figure out that the euro has horrible dynamics . 
  it is fair blaiming it on the politiicans - they either decided the law where it was allowed to not have proper standards , or they did n't make certain the rules was enforced . 
  so why did you join ? 
  yes . 
  then the budget that win is the one that gets the most votes ( not necessarily a majority of the total ) . 
  it goes as follow : the budget that is proposed by the parties with the fewest seats is contrasted to the budget by the second fewest seats . 
  the winner of that is put against the third biggest etc. 
  is there anything that would stop a parliamentary majority to issue a budget law and let the managing government cope with that ? 
  i know all to well that is possible here in sweden ( as the currently seated government failed to win the vote for their first budget - instead it was the opposition budget that won ) . 
  why ca n't the parliament itself vote for laws and give the managing government order to implement them ? 
  can propositions only be given by the ruling party or can any parliament member propose a law ? 
  if the left wing parties can form a majority , then they won . 
  by definition . 
  so what happens if the conservatives fail to get the vote ? 
  will the president get to ask someone else if they can win a majority vote or is it a deadlock until the next election ? 
  the main issue nowadays is that the bureaucratic process is way too involved , expensive and slow . 
  while it certainly is possible that some are abducted to bad stuff , the scale of the disappearances is simply to high . 
  i find it more likely that many already have friends and family here and go stay with them for a while ( and then probably show up and ask for asylum when things are less chaotic and they have refreshed themselves . 
  germany is a deeply conservative country . 
  not all countries are as backward as that . 
  you will find no crosses in swedish schools . 
  you do realize that if you go far enough north , winters will have no sun ? 
  that is not something most people really want , even if they do n't realize how bad it is . 
  well , if you have a master in computer science , i 'd recommend aiming at stockholm . 
  you wo n't get as good salary as that ( at the start ) , but you will have a zillion of opportunities , more if you are good . 
  the people from syria ? 
  the ones that came here in the 80s and early 90s have integrated pretty well . 
  i think you should n't judge just yet . 
  in sweden you have to know them , but you can only get in trouble if you do n't follow good practices . 
  that is , if you know your shit you will not have a problem , with or without recognized education . 
  land surveying being badly paid ? 
  good grief . 
  seriously , move to sweden . 
  we have a huge lack of surveyors , to the point that you can get 100ksek a month before taxes as a fresh graduate if you can stand to live in the northern parts of the country . 
  elsewhere also have high wages even by swedish standards , though not as ridiculous . 
  i do n't know how much education is needed to adjust to swedish conditions and regulations though . . 
  why would they if they also have a job and can pay for themselves ? 
  refugees can need a whole lot of help in the beginning , but it is a good idea for everyone to taper it off as they manage to integrate in society . 
  how do romania compare to bulgaria wrt wages ? 
  what do you mean by negative unemployment ? 
  unemployment is usually measured as the share of the ( working ) population that is without job . 
  that can ( by definition ) not be less than 0 . 
  i 'm also not far from certain , but it may be that for simple jobs with few requirements , ee and immigrants often compete for the same jobs . 
  it is also the case that there is a limited amount of these jobs nowadays that even the factories tend to require education for most tasks . 
  on the other hand , for educated people , i do n't see how it matters as i really do n't think there is a limit that can be reached for how many of these can be employed . 
  this because the higher paid vocations tend to spend their money and create more jobs that way . 
  right , but it goes further than just the relations across the countries . 
  i do n't want to preserve and protect individual cultures - i want to nurture them so that they can evolve into something better . 
  stagnant culture = dead culture . 
  yeah i read somewhere that some villages got fiber internet before they got phone landlines . . 
  my computer could n't keep up with that :(, 
  not really . 
  i will get that kinda speed in a month or so . 
  i 'll probably pay slightly more than $ 9 though , but not * that * much more . 
  because meme . 
  so falsifying a diploma is worse than accepting bribes ? 
  how the hell did he become a finance minister after that ? 
  found the latvian . 
  we live in the north . 
  you 'd understand if you had our winters . 
  every day is stinkday outside scandinavia . 
  my point was that rape has almost nothing to do with harassment by strangers in the street . 
  do you understand that most rapes are not done by someone unfamiliar to the girl but rather by someone that she knows quite well , and it is usually not done on the street but in her home ?
