  pressburg would be in central europe , bratislava not . 
  for me the main/only reason to join the army was the y chromosome . 
  i know lots of people who joined the army , austria has compulsory military service . 
  i 'm a `` veteran '' myself . 
  i do n't know anyone who was saved by the army though ... 
   wait we do n't even have mcdonalds huh ? 
  i definitely remember eating at mcdonalds in skopje a few years back ... 
   found a way to issue a permit for a 70m tall minaret this just confirms :  you do n't know much about swiss building and zoning codes . 
  gps is no longer made inaccurate , but it is inaccurate in the first place compared to the military version ( which has much higher resolution and resilience , but is encrypted ) . 
   their gps would let them know exactly where they are located and where their current course will take them . 
  their glonass though probably just said `` glory to arstotzka '' and told them to move forward . 
  because building mosques in austria is very much looked down upon . 
  most mosques here are little more than former storage space with a rug on the floor ( to tie the room together probably ) . 
  teenagers join the us army all the time , they are even specifically targeted ... 
  legal for what ? 
  marriage ? 
  sex ? 
  air travel ? 
  anonymous is pleased ... 
  austria too - it has extremely high temperatures for november currently and some people already act as if they are on an expedition to antarctica ... 
  i did read it , please cite the relevant passages , because as i said : this document is about the issue of limiting asylum status to `` nonsafe '' countries ( which is not ok according to unhcr - so you 'd need to at least take a look at e.g. 
  an austrian asylum application and not immediately discard it based on the fact that an austrian asked for asylum ) and the issue of moving an asylum seeker ( --  they can enter , seek asylum and then are being moved ) to a different , safe country - either along the way or even another one alltogether . 
  where does it say that it is ok to ** refuse entry ** at the border to potential asylum seekers if they are trying to come in from a border with a safe country ? 
  edit : here is a far more recent paper about the safe country concept with explanations and some official positions inside : http://www.unhcr.org/cgi-bin/texis/vtx/home/opendocpdfviewer.html?docid=562f81c39, 
   if anything , this gives criminals and terrorists the upper hand since they 're the only ones that will be able to acquire semi and fully automatic guns . 
  in which country can you acquire fully automatic guns freely without some very good reasons and high restrictions ? 
   none of the guns used in the terrorist attacks in france where acquired by legal means . 
  did you ask them yourself or how do you know this ... ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
  tradition also would mean that we 's need to treat sick people by bloodletting , that the earth is flat or that navigation has do be done by looking at the sky . 
  tradition does n't mean anything , once there is a new law or development - which this paper de facto is . 
  while traditions might very well be remembered as fragments of the past , the position of the church right now ( and already for a few decades ) is the one laid out in `` nostra aetate '' . 
  the guideline is about moving refugees to other saef countries , not about determining refugee status depending on the route taken to reach the `` safe country of asylum '' . 
  you can ( try to ) return or redistribute them according to 11 . in the linked document , you can not close borders and claim that anyone who might want to claim asylum is n't a refugee in the first place . 
  see also 10. :  it needs to be reiterated , however , that where it [ safe country of origin policy ] serves to block any access to a status determination procedure , or where it results in serious inroads into procedural safeguards , it is to be strongly discouraged . 
  the pope is the head of the catholic church and his word is law and infallible . 
  if you do n't like that , choose a different religion . 
  oh , an '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` expert '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' that knows better than our government where people come from !, 
  please feel free to move and work here ( the pay is quite good and they are desperately searching for more people ) to make sure only real syrians get admitted !, 
   remember reconquista , ottoman wars , crusades , etc. ? 
  remember `` nostra aetate '' ? 
   thankfully , the v4 are n't the first safe countries for any refugees ... even ukraine ? 
  also this `` first safe country '' stuff is not part of the geneva refugee convention . 
   could it be that it 's because there are very little actual war refugees and the majority is just economic migration ? 
  weird , in austria mainly syrians , afghans and iraqis claim asylum ... 
   and the famous sandwich incident ? 
  well if hungarians want something , they form a queue . 
  hungarians go home and sleep in their own bed after the queue ... on that picture though : that 's just shitty crowd management . 
  i bet you that at any festival you can create similar or worse situations . 
  no clear flow , no barricades in front of the food that 's being handed out and the desk is set back a bit as well , so after getting food , they 'd need to squeeze back through people wanting to go to the front instead of leaving at the side . 
   some are n't even from syria . 
  in austria people asking for asylum or claiming refugee status at the moment are mostly from syria , afghanistan and irak , the remaining ~ 10 % are from elsewhere ( http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bmi_asylwesen/statistik/files/2015/asylstatistik_september_2015.pdf page 6 ) . 
  sorry , but stackexchange is not exactly the place to answer theological questions ... and even there one answer explains that there are differing views . 
  a big difference to islam is that the koran is transmitted by gabriel to mohammed diectly as the word of god while in the bible there are only very few examples of god directly handing out laws or rules ( e.g. 
  the 10 commandments ) , he leaves much of the `` putting things in context '' to jesus , his son . 
  this does not necessarily mean that all of the ot is now void , it rather means that it might be ok that not all laws in there are followed to the comma if there is a better , kinder option available . 
  the claim that there is no christian legal system however is definitely wrong , it is debated if it is still valid and to which extent - but it definitely exists . 
   a small note . 
  to the best of my knowledge ( i am no theologist ) , christianity does n't have any version of sharia . 
  there is no basic christian legal system . 
  you should take a look at the first half of the bible , also called `` old testament '' ... ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_testament ) it is still regarded as valid and relevant , though depending on which church you ask , some claim the laws in there are not to be enforced literally these days ( which probably is for the better ) . 
  it is still very much a part of christianity and there are people out there that try to enforce some more archaic rules in there as well to this day . 
  it 's much harder to learn english in a war zone ... 
  he was openly checked in greece and greece let him through . 
  knowingly . 
  air strikes are useless if not accompanied by a ground force . 
  austria is not allied with france in the military sense . 
  switzerland too ... 
  the list is by far not exhaustive though ... 
   the refugees from syria ( who only make up like 20-30 % of the human wave descending on europe ) another 20-30 % are from irak and another 20-30 % are from afghanistan ... 
  read the top of this comment tree : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ss2lm/poland_says_cannot_accept_migrants_under_eu/cwzxnml i did n't really reply to you , but there is no other way to maintain context and to reply to a different comment ... 
  where in that page does it say that `` muslims are blatantly over-represented when it comes to terrorist attacks in europe in the last 15 years '' ? 
  it even starts with an europol statistic that explicitly denies this `` fact '' . 
  who the hell would even want to see a police raid live going on other than bloodthirsty sensationalists ?!, 
  `` here look at this , if we 're lucky , we do n't just see some people opening a door and running in , but there might even be a chance that one of them gets immediately killed or someone with an explosives belt might blow them up !, 
  - viewer 's discretion is advised ... '' tv is getting more and more irrelevant these days by the way , 4-5 people tracking social media would be far more efficient to map out police movements , maybe combined with another handful of people in the crowd . 
  cutting cell phones off in an area might be effective but could also lead to panic by the rest of the people in the area who want to tell others that they are safe or might just have lost someone in a crowd . 
  mandatory conscription apparently makes you more peaceful ... 
  `` ground level balcony guard rail with spikes '' :-p, 
  on one side 400m until the highway ( to the east ) , on the other side ~ 4 km through the woods and hills until the first road ( to the west ) . 
  check it out on google maps ... not great , but not the end of the world - hopefully now finally our politicians can move to some actual work after debating for 2 weeks if a few rolls of barbed wire + a wire mesh in front protecting it should be called `` fence '' , `` technical barrier '' , `` extended wings of a door frame '' or whatever else . 
  ** translated : if trains , that are supposed to head for freedom , suddenly end up in camps , then stuff like that reminds me of dark times in our history . 
  nothing about fences , the paragraph is about hungary keeping their capacity far too low compare to what austria has , rarely accepting anyone with intransparent rules and mistreating refugees . 
  putting the crazy back into democrazy ... 
  is n't that the same ? 
  what if it does n't ? 
  it is not even officially a crisis in austria ( because then they 'd have to open up crisis funds ... ) . 
  the only thing how i 'm personally affected is that i 'm a bit more tired than usual since i use my free day to help people instead of sitting in front of a screen . 
  oh , and i definitely wo n't post photos of people in transit or refugee homes , they have far too little privacy as is already ( with several dozen/hundred people sleeping in an empty shopping center ) . 
  those transit zones would need to be massive ... and likely would lead to the known common problems with every large camp where thousands of people are locked in for months . 
  at least not in germany , hm ? 
   i 'm personally arguing for not letting them in as long as they have n't been accepted as refugees to avoid these well known problems . 
  getting asylum means your life is in danger by action ( or inability ) of the government you 're trying to flee from . 
  you seriously want people to go to the local german embassy ( which often is already long gone because nearly no country will risk having an embassador in a war zone ) , wait in line there with probably local police watching , ask for asylum , walk home and wait a few weeks/months in a place that is even officially acknowledged to be life threatening if they get their status confirmed to finally be able to get some kind of paper/passport for the airport ? 
  do you think the local government will be happy to let people flee to germany or even board a plane ? 
  the only barbed wire in austria at the moment is next to the highway to prevent people from trying to hitchhike or walk there . 
  considering how much discussion is still going on , i expect austria to start building a fence in 2020 , just in time for the 5 year anniversary of the refugee crisis 2015 . 
  what does `` fence '' actually mean ? 
  just laying down a single roll of nato wire ? 
  how is it secured and patrolled ( good gloves and a pair of wirecutters should be enough to get through quite a few cheaper fencing materials ... ) ?
