  why would you transport ... oh , vienna , that probably explains it, 
  yeah , but they make it from pears while on the other side of the alps `` most '' is made from apples . 
  best i can do is 3.50, 
   but seriously . 
  these beggars are organised by gangs . 
  they travel from bulgaria ( possibly romania too ? ), 
  by busses and go to sweden to make easy money . 
  they make way more money than hard working people here . 
  the bosses get expensive cars and big houses . 
  quite common narrative , yet when someone offered at 1000 $ reward for any proof that `` beggars are picked up by a mercedes every evening '' and similar claims , nobody took up the offer ... would have been a nice pay for an evening stalking a few beggars . 
  the ones i know are happy they survived and that the war ended . 
  both strongly yes . 
  a hofer superstore ? 
  where ? 
  all of them won the nobel peace price, 
  ... a while ago . 
  quite awhile actually . 
  and here is a map of verified hoaxes/lies / `` fake news '' about these types of crimes : http://hoaxmap.org/, 
  so you are from calais ? 
  no , a tablespoon is 1/16th of a 250g stick and 1/8th of a 125g `` us-stick '', 
  a stick of butter is 250 g. ... 
  yes , but measuring anything with variable densities ( eg flour ) by volume is stupid and if density is constant , you can also just measure by weight . 
  well , a drugged foreigner in public transport is at least something to keep an eye out for ... 
  vatican , clearly . 
  the highway sucks . 
  it worked in austria and yes , he has a quite austrian kind of humour ( `` thank you for this eye-opener '' ) . 
  we tried to torture them with dj \u00d6tzi and gabalier , but they even seem to like that stuff ? 
  i prefer the sequel . 
  could be easier imho : https://www.ris.bka.gv.at/geltendefassung.wxe?abfrage=bundesnormen&amp;gesetzesnummer=10000138, 
   oktoberfest that 's the only one that has only very little to do with any austrian culture . 
  originally the oktoberfest was started as late as 1810 to celebrate the wedding of the later bavarian king ludwig i. 
  it is just a bit more than 200 years old and has no real tradition anywhere outside munich ( other than people trying to also funnel off some money from the famous one by offering local versions ) . 
  a more traditional festival would be erntedank aka . 
  harvest festival aka . 
  thanksgiving , but these autumn festivals take place all over the world i guess as long as some seasons are distinguishable . 
   i suppose because we tend to think of them as being very densely populated it 's a bit hard to populate the mountains , but we try . 
  depends on both your definitions of `` very '' and `` right '' . 
  there are very minor differences in usage and some preference of grammatical constructs , all in all there 's a supernational board that generally guides language development , so it is unlikely that we would devolve into a slovak/czech situation anytime soon . 
  but he did n't get 49 % ... ? 
  ukraine also specifically moved further away from the eu before this crimea stuff happened ... we already sanction russia quite a bit and ukraine to my knowledge did not ask for a un mission either ( the only way austrian soldiers would go abroad ), 
  riegersburg is always ok !, 
  shitpostistan apparently, 
  sending out robots to kill muslims is worse and this happened the past decade or more without bans . 
  your president doing what he has promised before the elections is a domestic issue . 
  domestically maybe , the rates are different if you look at those entering other countries . 
  if they are actually convicted or there 's a warrant out for them , they should be arrested at the border , yes . 
  if they are not , then not . 
  does afghanistan count as former ussr to you ? 
  ( s ) he implied that most were just passing through , since the whole country of slovenia to date has handled fewer asylum applications than the city of graz alone . 
  austrian ones and sentilj . 
  trust me , i know the smell . 
  making up things ( or alternative facts , as they seem to be called these days ) does not help anyone . 
  the whole situation was shitty , badly managed from official side in many cases and volunteers as well as professionals like military and police were being and feeling left alone . 
  still this does not mean that it is in any way ok to make up numbers , just because they kinda would fit the narrative and experiences . 
  facts do matter . 
  the headlines on at least the english version still work , i do n't see more than 10k per day for about a week or even month ( s ) . 
  what is the source of data for that infographic ? 
  look , i know slovenia had it hard , especially since i was there as well at the time . 
  still it was n't as you are recalling it apparently and i 'd like to know which facts you need to change your mind or to make more correct statements . 
  in total yes , but which were the exact dates with more than 10k people/day ? 
  when exactly was that week , presumably in october 2015 ? 
  i am sure you have some concrete dates and sources available ... 
  especially in the forest . 
  fire and littering as well as disturbing the wildlife are concerns . 
  above the tree line it depends on the state you 're in ( state as in district ) . 
  for emergencies of course everything goes , but you better have a good explanation . 
  sure , but then you already have a place where you stay and just ca n't get to it in time . 
  camping outside a camping ground without permission is not legal . 
  this includes using a car instead of a tent . 
  in practice you might get away with it , but blocking parking spaces on the highway is definitely not low profile . 
  not allowed and i would n't recommend it . 
  look for jugendherbergen e.g. 
  in some way they are worse than sound of music , since they are pure fan fiction : karl may never was in the us prior to writing his books . 
  when you fika a girl , she better be on edge ... 
  probably some tiny ones , yes . 
  they speak german . 
  at least in austria for most bachelor degrees you need a certificate for c1 german . 
  some masters are english only or at least doable in english only . 
  mostly it seems you 're taken more seriously if you state your academic title , e.g. 
  when opening a bank account or when being announced as a speaker . 
  using honorary titles instead of `` real '' ones is seen as petty , i 'd say . 
  dr. h.c. schwarzenegger is probably not how he would get addressed ... 
  outside the eu i only saw them relatively often in ukraine . 
  at least you do n't get called nazi all the time ... 
  if these really are your friends , just tell them how you feel about this and tell them to tone it down or stop . 
  and the only correct filling is apricot jam . 
  austrians you mean ? 
  get a dishwasher or learn how to do them properly . 
  death penalty for example or other possible violations of human rights, 
  a display of one of the 7 sins that cause you to go to hell , not some shitposts . 
  and conscripts do n't go abroad . 
  berlin florence sounds like a roughly 20 hour train ride . 
  in a 14 days schedule this is quite harsh ... 
  i wanted to go on one of those tours incognito for fun to see what happens there , but they are so expensive ... :-(, 
  if you only get professionals , you only get people who want to go to war to begin with . 
  a military should consist of citizens , not warmongers . 
  as long as there is compulsory military service and conscription for everyone it might be something to consider . 
  might be a factor , since everything kinda looks familiar it is harder to be impressed . 
  unimpressive but nice . 
  get to tha choppa , omar 's coming !,
