  saw it in the ukraine quite a bit , probably as a sign of solidarity with the west i guess ... 
  well , it is the boss of the company that introduced the new , `` improved '' design and he probably has n't touched a crate of milk in years . 
  kfc also seems to have a hard time here while subways and mcdonald 's seem to run quite well . 
  no , but there 's a rule that airlines are liable if someone enters a country without papers . 
  shh , that 's only relevant for concentration camps ... 
  just as an info for anyone reading this thread : / r/de is a sub that you have to choose to subscribe ( since it is intended to be a german language only sub ) , / r/germany is the default sub for germans afaik . 
  then there 's also / r/german , which is about learning the german language . 
  there are also / r/murica style subs , but maybe they better stay a bit more hidden from the public eye ... 
  went a bit down in quality after it became a default sub for anyone creating a reddit account from austria , but all in all people complain that the sub is either too far right or left leaning , so it probably balances out . 
  it is a bit weird what kind of stuff comes up from time to time , but in general people tend to argue with each other but help if help is needed . 
  no , it is the horn of a unicorn and a bowl with the name of jesus written in it . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  neither currywurst not mini bratwurst ( probably n\u00fcrnberger ) are austrian by the way . 
  anyways hope you still had a good time and if someone tries something like this again , ask to see their manager to complain . 
  if they want american tips , they can deal with american customs too !, 
  wtf , maybe a touristy ripoff place that spends tons on marketing and little on staff ... was the menu mainly in english or german ? 
  maybe also blaschke kokoskuppeln , tortenecken and baumst\u00e4mme ... swedy and manja by niemetz are also rare abroad . 
  drinking in public is only a problem if you are below 16 in vienna , above that everything goes . 
  between 46 and 48 hospitable , i 'd say . 
  the borders !, 
  muhahahaha, 
  you are welcome, 
  about twice as much for me , but up to 150 mbps . 
  the us already spends more per capita on healthcare than most european countries ... 
  the only bad one in austria is `` herabw\u00fcrdigung religi\u00f6ser lehren '' aka . 
  no insulting of religions . 
  i usually just download openstreetmap data for maps and use wifi ... how much money do you want to spend on mobile internet access in total ? 
  meh , it did change a lot in the past 50 years and it will continue to change in the next 50 years too . 
  maybe not the most fascinated , but costa rica is an interesting one : strong focus on environmentalism , no military at all , doing quite well ( especially compared to other countries in the region ) , very diverse ecosystems in a relatively small country , quite good infrastructure, 
  `` those were different times back then ! '', 
  works quite well usually ... 
  kthxbye mr/mrs `` not aggressive or hurtful in any way '', 
   let me try it again . 
   realy sorry , i only answer people with an education level that is at least close to mine . 
   education level in austria is so low  realy  teached facepalm.jpg, 
  on reddit they tend to think america is a country too ... 
  since there is just a glass plate below the pot i guess switching an induction plate off would give similar results . 
  from what i 've read they are about as fast or faster than gas burners in heating up stuff, 
  did you try induction too or just the normal ceran or iron plates ? 
  mostly kn\u00f6del i 'd say . 
  well , you are the colony !, 
  :-p bohemian kitchen is still going relatively strong in austria ... 
  in rl it is ok , it just gets very old after a while on reddit . 
  yes because this will kill a bank . 
  they by far do n't have as much money as their customers deposited . 
  austria is australia ( especially the stupid line from dumb and dumber `` throw a shrimp on the barbie ... '' ) . 
  the other annoying stuff is often not used jokingly , except maybe for some inappropriate nazi `` jokes '' which are very rarely funny or original . 
  ask the embassy of the country you 're moving to . 
  `` i meant manufactured in japan of course , not that made in china crap ! '', 
  but mcd does n't just serve fast food here , they also have a cafe section and recently started with `` fancy '' configurable burgers ... 
  because hunting buffalos and living in tipis is so much fun !, 
  `` i was mistaken !, 
  '' , said the hedgehog ( and stepped off the toilet brush ) . 
  especially the first part is used somewhat jokingly if you make a small error and it confused me quite a bit as a child . 
  it took me far too long to actually get the meaning and reason why the hedgehog was confused . 
  badly fitting clothes mostly , the really fat ones do n't make it over the atlantic usually . 
  another one i like : `` da blitz sull di beim schei\u00dfn daschlogn '' ( `` may a lightning strike kill you while you 're shitting '' ) perfectly indicative of the amount of malice we 're capable of . 
  good kwass . 
  especially considering he is posting pictures of himself too ... 
  germany checks passports since last september or so . 
  you 're 24 but your parents tell you what to do with your passport ?!, 
  well , looking at your other threads , they might have a point , but judging from the pictures you do n't look young enough that anyone would care if you buy a drink . 
  maybe take a copy of your passport with you or some other kind of id ( student id , driving license ... ) ? 
  you can also call white trash `` germans '' ... :-p, 
  no , we have privacy laws . 
  tell that the australians ... 
  we all understand on average about 57-59 % , less if you consider `` america '' as a continent . 
  i do n't get the appeal about standing and splattering piss droplets all over a perfectly fine toilet . 
  maybe the guys in this thread do n't clean their own toilet ? 
  i like the concept , i do n't like their execution . 
  their categories seem quite strange to me though ... 
  i generally enjoy being off the net for a while , maybe reflect a bit if it could work for you too . 
  it is a privilege and should be earned . 
  the area that i 'm in ... 
  you wo n't be able to grow stuff ( gmo or not ) in some places where people are hungry . 
  gmos are expensive and mainly used to reduce use of pesticides , not to increase yield or nutrients directly . 
  to me it seems like trying to change the world by buying an led lamp while electricity still is generated with coal . 
  a nice first world problem solution but not useful if you live in a warzone for salty desert area while your local farmers were planting cotton for decades . 
  there is no food problem , or do you think that there are fewer calories produced worldwide than needed ? 
  merely a handful of people who think conflicting opinion equals poor quality . 
  nothing worth complaining about really . 
  food production is a solves issue , the problem is distribution and pricing . 
  unnecessary and not proven harmless . 
  also no real benefits for consumers , if you want to eat less pesticides , you can easily buy organic food . 
  these numbers are absolute or relative ? 
  in austria too ? 
  europe is not a country you know ... 
  because it sounds socialist i guess . 
  no issues with finding donor organs . 
  house is about 100 years old , today the oldest building i was in was about 900 years old or so , though renovated and rebuilt over time . 
  we go to the basement to relax . 
  migrants might , asylum seekers or people granted asylum likely not . 
  100 $ a month ?!, 
  that 's even low for ukraine or moldova ... maybe belarus or if the ruble falls even further you can try russia ... 
  most immigration is from eu countries , so most immigrants are here because they studied at home and got a better paying job in austria . 
  other than that i 'm not sure that there are actual changes , people are generally as xenophobic as always . 
   topless beaches well , the other way around is that you can shock tourists quite a bit by taking them into a mixed fully naked sauna . 
  exactly that notion of `` oh wow , some people with that job are in danger , that must mean they all are risking their lives for me ! '', 
  is flawed and not deserving a special level of respect imho . 
  also there are much more dangerous jobs out there , people are rather risking their lives to make sure you can buy canned tuna , both in catching the fish and mining the ore for the can as well as transporting it to your supermarket and keeping the roads intact than saving little children from burning buildings .
