  it is not even very clear what the joke is about as the word does n't make much sense . 
  i 'd rather see stricter rules on gun deactivation , but anything that restricts ownership of killing instruments in the general population is fine by me . 
  the `` one pound fish '' video comes to mind for example . 
  but why not freibeuter ? 
  people in general are relatively pro military service and pro equality , but this stance changes quickly when they have to imagine girls being forced there too . 
  nobody dares to touch this issue , either because the parties who are strongly pro equality are quite anti military . 
  others are pro military but pro `` more austrian babies and less of this gender shit - time to pop out more babies '' . 
  nobody wants to be associated with crying teenage girls who get forced to do stuff against their will and once the first rape happens , your career will be over anyways . 
  unlike ukraine they are in the eu and in nato . 
  a few weeks of basic training , then you get assigned a `` job `` and get additional training there depending on what it is . 
  lots of sports , lots of boredom and one of the few instances in your life where classes get mixed and you are kinda equal . 
  people going to university do n't realize that they are in a real minority out there usually , because of their social bubble ... 
  mandatory military service for women . 
  backhendl = breaded ( `` paniert '' - similar to a wienerschnitzel ) and deep fried chicken pieces , often including bones . 
  needs to be quite fresh and ca n't be prepared in advance , so either some restaurant specializes in it/in known for that stuff or you have written on the menu that it 'll take a bit longer to serve . 
  often you might also just get a green salad with pumpkin seed oil dressing and breaded chicken breast strips on top , maybe a bit similar to a caesar 's salad . 
  i would have guessed leberk\u00e4se / k\u00e4seleberk\u00e4se might go well in the us too ? 
  might depend on availability of good semmeln ( bread rolls ) though , it does n't work too well in a sandwich/hot-dog/burger setting . 
  if you get a bakery to provide you with proper stuff , then you could also try offering schnitzelsemmel or extrawurstsemmel ( including gurkerl ) . 
  sausage-wise you could also try bosna , especially for people who prefer some spicyness . 
  it is more of a hot-dog variation , with a different sausage type . 
  backhendlsalat might have some chance but could be considered either too heavy or too healthy and depends too much on quality for the us market i fear . 
  i agree on the foot traffic , most of that stuff ( except backhendlsalat ) might sell amazingly well outside of sport stadiums or on festivals , but a fixed store might have a hard time . 
  for restaurants i would rather offer traditional austrian food , which definitely people will like , but which likely wo n't take over a niche in us culinary culture soon . 
  this stuff amongst other minor irregularities led to a recent election here being appealed and re-done entirely, 
  no water up your ass even if you do n't waste toilet paper to cover the surface ... 
  google for `` flachsp\u00fcler '' then ( `` shallow flusher '' - the technical term for this design . 
  well , it 's high noon somewhere in the world ... 
  at high noon . 
  meh , i learned it even before kindergarten , ca n't be that hard . 
  so just force them to vote and stay at home then ? 
  or probably physical infrastructure will be reduced over time too . 
  bigger fraud cases here tended to happen in retirement bones , so there is little chance that they will go anywhere on their own . 
  unfortunately they do n't , but since the party that is against e-voting is the russian one , criticism is usually meet with denial and claims of propaganda . 
  sure , why not ? 
  it 's not like you require a penis to shoot an assault rifle or to operate a radio ... 
  you get more than a gardening apprentice in his first year . 
  also it seems like your information is outdated anyways . 
  sure it did , the war on terror is practically over now ... / s, 
  they do n't pay market wages and a few years ago austrians voted to keep mandatory military service , so democracy forces people to do this . 
  i 'm not really into discussing military service etc. 
  again , especially since it is off topic here . 
  i agree that valuable work should be paid too , but i disagree that the same `` work '' would pay a decent wage or be done at all , if there were no volunteers or people not wanting to be in the military that are doing this for cheap . 
  i do n't agree that a topless woman is sexually provocative in the first place . 
  chilling in the sun in a park is fine by me with or without a bra . 
  you might want to read up on the concept of zivildienst , it is even better paid than military service ... 
  i do n't . 
  little kids have more recent exposure to boobs than your average redditor ... where is the harm in seeing female nipples ? 
  wtf ?!, 
  reported for inciting violence !, 
  they are allowed to do that as compensation for their pixelated genitals . 
   in 2015 , a total of 211 completed , failed , or foiled terrorist attacks were reported by eu states , resulting in 151 fatalities ( of which 148 were in france , with 130 of them occurring during the november 2015 paris attacks . ), 
  and over 360 people injured . 
  ** as in previous years , separatist attacks accounted for the largest proportion ( 65 ) , followed by jihadist attacks ( 17 ) . 
  ** the latter , however , caused the largest number of fatalities ( 150 ) and injuries ( 250 ) . 
  as i suspected , thanks . 
   the majority of recent attacks had islamic extremeism background depends on what you consider `` recent '' and `` attack '' . 
   the list of terrorist attacks in western countries got a link ? 
  why ? 
  i 'm sure demand is higher than ever !, 
  i 'd like to see proof that most of the terrorists in western countries are islamic . 
   german death camp nazi death camp in poland . 
  `` schm\u00e4h '' is something that 's even harder to find in germany than `` gem\u00fctlichkeit '' . 
  in austria it slowly is getting equalized , it depends on your birth date . 
  but if you hate the nation ? 
  well , you yourself in this thread use the compound forms of `` do not '' or `` does not '' or `` i am '' more often than the separated ones . 
  the german list on wikipedia about this is much better than the english version , so if you want to read about a lot of different names for miniscule differences , look no further than https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/bierglas#bierma.c3.9fe !, 
  if you are in your home city , then try taking a dump at home . 
  please cite the part of the declaration of human rights that grants universal free access to even just water , let alone a clean toilet . 
  you need a 50 cent coin for shopping carts anyways , adding another 2 $ piece makes it possible to pay for a quick bus ride or similar small stuff . 
  2 coins for your everyday carry are not that bad ... 
  write to redbull 's marketing team and ask them i guess . 
  though that 's not austrian , that 's an abomination . 
  nah , eurotrip is much more realistic concerning eastern europe . 
  just like legal judgements , laws also have to pass a jury of us citizens who in a public forum get explained exactly what a law should do and they decide if they understand it . 
  laws that get passed with a goal in mind have to have metrics attached and if these do n't get achieved , the law can be amended by a jury , not a political body . 
  they vote on lots of things on that day like judges ( ! ), 
  sheriffs etc. 
  the solution would be to not just have elections every few years . 
  how do you know then ? 
  only estonians are able to even read what 's in there in the first place , so very few will take a look from outside . 
  not having a change log or developing in public is also suspicious , since it is hard to understand what got changed why . 
  their software is written in estonian python , with very little documentation and gets updated/published after elections ... 
   and we still have to deal with thousands and thousands of angry young men who should n't be here in the first place . 
  yeah , and they vote fp\u00d6 too ... let 's hope they get their stuff together eventually . 
  liechtenstein , just to make every one see what a total mess monarchy is . 
  maybe they are hookers ? 
  alternatively they might just be into it or interested in the mood/scene/music / moves in general . 
  seems like you fell for another austrian ... 
  annoying , heavy and loud - was interesting to shoot them in the military , but i have little motivation since then to own or use one . 
  as with tattoos , ponys/horses/cats or oldtimer cars , they seem to attract crazy collectors . 
  unlike those other things , the gun collectors seem a bit unique due to having a slight superiority complex . 
  you do n't need special permits for cc , but you wo n't get a regular permit that allows you to carry in public unless you have a very good reason . 
  maybe they are rammstein fans ? 
  prostitutes ? 
  depending on who you ask , in 2001 . 
  depending on the accountant , more life years might be lost to humanity as a whole than any soldier might manage to end prematurely . 
  every 2 weeks someone asks where to buy weed or how to best circumvent drug law in the local subreddit . 
  yes and no . 
  it is understandable what it means , but not in widespread use .
