  the prices are at least debatable in austria - if you buy cheap beer at the supermarket , you could afford a lot more than if you buy the typical 3.50-3 .80 $ per 0.5 l in a bar . 
  pintprice.com seems to have both prices in the same average number ( no way a pint costs less than 3 $ in salzburg ! ), 
  so these numbers ca n't be trusted at all . 
  there would not be that many left and until an invasion force lands , they would be fighting amongst themselves for food already . 
  do you really expect to have stuff like internet or electricity or clean water if your country is under attack ? 
  you 'll first get nuked ( communications and power gets taken out ) , your nukes get intercepted and then your military has to decide if they retaliate or defend . 
  since they typically retaliate , the attacker will come quickly to stop this from happening in the first place . 
  also you could expect a heavy information war , lots of different , perfectly made video messages by the president for example that accuse any potential aggressor so you have no real clue which is the real one . 
  most people who die will have no idea who attached them . 
  burn a bible publicly , i dare you ... 
  der whiskymixer max mixt whisky im whiskymixer . 
  `` mein '' is a little outdated/lyrical for `` about me '' ( you would n't use it that way in modern day german ) , but it is the same word as for `` mine '' ( in the sense of `` that pencil is mine , not yours !, 
  another 22 years are soon over ... sooo norway ... third time 's the charm ? 
  come to graz then , austria 's second largest city . 
  :-) vienna gets the praise , graz survives without it . 
  german : vergissmeinnicht - literally forget-me-not . 
  not even bad , respect !, 
   `` auf 'd '' is really just `` auf 'd '' , not `` auf dea '' , other than that : \u2713, 
  the `` l '' in `` griechenland '' sounds like you 're from the balkan area , so we 're down to about a dozen countries . 
  so you can call it `` ex-rindfleischetikettierungsueberwachungsaufgabenuebertragungsgesetz '' instead . 
  it is valid , it is no longer in active use though . 
  shaven/sheered , literally in the sense of shaving/sheering a sheep , meaning crude , simple ) - http://www.duden.de/rechtschreibung/geschert i wrote it with 2 `` e '' because otherwise it might be mistaken with `` gescheit '' . 
  edit : i challenge any german german speaker to pronounce this even remotely correct , bavarians are excepted of course . 
  ;-) translation upon request ... 
  airbnb seems just like the monetized pirate bay of violating your rental agreement . 
  yeah , that 's what taken was about . 
  i like austrian indecisiveness ... 
  probably i guess ... 
   on the other hand , i would hesitate sending the german military to any kind of conflict not on our own territory . 
  no , entering military alliances are not something that austria would support . 
  there are/were nato and eu countries out there with mandatory service . 
  just looked this `` k\u00f6\u00f6m '' stuff up : do n't you ever dare put this abomination near our sacred herbal lemonade again !, 
   austrians are ethnically germans very problematic statement , especially when looking at the 19th and 20th century ... we have the same language ( on paper ) and a rather similar culture compared to germans , where you draw ethnic boundaries though is a debate that depends a lot on political views , some of which are illegal . 
  probably latvians stole an austrian flag and made it dirty while carrying it home ...  _  anyways , your `` legend '' marks its inception at 1279 , the austrian one is supposed to have been created at the battle of acre ( 1189-1191 ) , so about 100 years older . 
  not by an injured warrior by the way but by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leopold_v,_duke_of_austria himself who wore white like any proper crusader but ended up soaked in enemy blood except for his belt . 
  likely a legend , though it makes for a nice story . 
  he was the guy who jailed richard i , the king from the robin hood tales by the way . 
  which was both predecessor to modern day germany and austria ... 
  nope , which was it 's own independent city state . 
  that explains the arnold thing ...  _ , 
  apparently even he himself thought that ... 
  but i thought the movie took place near bratislava , not ljubljljij ... laibach ? 
  nope , he was from salzburg . 
  big words from a mountain arab , huh ? 
  providing a home and shelter for his family . 
  most us soldiers i 've seen in real life were looking anything but impressive ... 
  they are the proper names ... 
  salzburg is in the rainiest area of austria , better bring a raincoat . 
  an expensive house would be already quite expensive there , the housing market is a bit difficult but it is a student city after all - if you relax the `` luxury house '' requirement you should be able to afford a small flat easily with a normal job . 
  it 's probably not the french they are speaking but the other french ... ;-), 
  wtf is up with george w 's shoes ? 
  probably best not to ask i guess ... 
  from time to time i force friends of mine to watch it so they know about what weird stereotypes tourists expect of them . 
  i mean , it 's a cute 50s ( ? ), 
  movie and all but damn this is not what austria is about ... at least we are not known for abduction/torture ( looking at you slov ** ia and albania --  hostel/taken ), 
  `` a girl humping a bull - yeeehaw ! '', 
  maybe even the grave , stay tuned !, 
  right next to sydney , make sure to bring nukes !, 
  i am not afraid of hungary and doubt that they 'd move that far off to do anything like that . 
  this is not my personal opinion above , these are potential worst-case scenarios in the 21st century . 
  i would however not bet that there would be absolutely no conflict involving austria or one of its neighbours in the 21st or 22nd century so we could remove the military alltogether . 
  austria is not a member of nato by the way , thankfully . 
  one of the main reasons for the military is austria to exist is to defend the constitution ( it is part of the oath you swear ) . 
  to do this properly , you need a broad range of opinions , otherwise the military 's idea of what is constitutional might differ strongly from the general point of view in the population . 
  sure , if you want to deploy abroad you have to join the military professionally in austria too . 
  you also will not be forced to deploy , all missions are strictly voluntary only . 
  conscripts would be a rather last line of defence anyways , firstly there is the active military and the `` miliz '' ( militia/reserve ) who are already trained and willing to serve in this event . 
  if actual conscription has to be enacted , already quite a few turds have hit the fan . 
  about external threats : after a long time of having this discussion , 1990 happened and suddenly slovenian / `` yugoslavian '' tanks started getting very close to the austrian border for example . 
  there are enough weirdos out there who might want to dig up some old claims on our current small country and try to `` visit '' - hungary as a concrete example is doing some very heavy shifts to the right and once they are done with fighting gypsies and have exited the eu , who knows who will be their next target ? 
  also italy is not one of the most stable countries with a rich north and a poor south ... which does not exist that long anyways . 
  last but not least we are not endangered that much by climate change compared to a lot of other european countries ( including the uk - if the gulf stream acts up you are in serious trouble ! ), 
  and have lots of water too . 
  you might get better answers on / r/austria on that ... anyways , from anecdotes i 've heard , it can range similarly to military service : from being bored for months and having to suffer from idiotic bosses and the additional risk of getting traumatized if you are in the red cross ( traffic accidents can get nasty - the ones that usually see dead people in their service are not the ones in the military ... ) to having a great time and experience , changing their outlook on life and starting a career in health or social services . 
  you can be a lieutenant with 20 already in switzerland ? 
  and they train recruits ? 
  in austria , a lieutenant is an officer rank and while they interact with recruits from time to time , they are not really involved in training a lot . 
  there is a difference between conscription ( = you have to join the military in case of a national emergency/war ) and military service ( = you have to spend some time - often 6 months to a year - in the military for some basic training ) by the way . 
  austria has either military service or civil service for young austrian men only ( 18-35 ) , conscription is up to 60 years or so , only for men as well . 
  military service was reduced to 6 months ( from 8 months ) in 2006 , civil service is only available to you if you declare you are personally against doing military service ( e.g. 
  you do n't like weapons ) . 
  it lasts 9 months ( 12 months before 2006 ) and is often in hospitals , the red cross , homes for old or disabled people or wwii memorial sites or documentation institutions . 
  about experiences : i kinda liked it ( military service ) and got lucky with my superiors who were strict but fair and mostly focussed on working together with us recruits . 
  if you have specific questions , feel free to ask . 
  my personal opinion about military service : i think it is a good thing in the end ( though i would extend it to both genders ) . 
  after being part of the military for a while it definitely gives you a different point of view compared to only popular cultire ( movies , games ) . 
  a bad analogy would be to experience a relationship yourself vs. only watching porn , romcoms and reading books about relationships . 
  i do not want to be in a country where the military only consists of people that really want to be in the military or need the money . 
  in my opinion a proper military should be comprised of a cross-section of the general population . 
  also i think that the risk of my country starting a war or getting engaged in a foreign conflict is much lower if everybody knows someone who currently is or was in the military and who would be affected by this , not only poor kids looking for money by doing risky jobs or gun nuts . 
  jesus was the son of god , mohammed only a prophet . 
  there are other prophets that were a bit more militant than jesus to say the least ... 
  that is only 2 football fields ... quite some work but once you get the hang of it probably doable . 
  well , good for you then i guess ? 
   what 's private about public streets ? 
  the private property you can see only in passing while being limited to the public street . 
   ca n't i just drive in a village in germany , will i be arrested for `` breaching privacy '' ? 
  no , only if you keep making pictures every few meters , monitor wlan access point and cell tower locations amongst other things and publish all of this on the internet . 
  how dare they care about privacy and actually doing something about it ? 
  maybe it is that way in your country ?
