  if i bought a bag of grated pizza cheese for these prices around here , it also would come in a bag like that and probably also cost around the same - however i 'd get actual cheese from local dairy farms that is just grated and packaged for convenience . 
  packaging might look similar , contents definitely are n't , which is maybe also why many people get confused going to the us . 
  buying cheap products here still gets you nice quality , some pre sliced sandwich bread for ~ 1 usd is perfectly fine - but try to get the cheapest or even just some random mid-range stuff in similar packaging in the us and you 'll think that there is no way that this stuff is fit for human consumption . 
  i 'm sure there is nice food too , it is just not nearly guaranteed to be nice food just by the fact of being offered for sale in a supermarket . 
  i 'm 99.9 % sure that fixing a broken arm in estonia costs a reasonable amount when you pay it yourself , maybe in the ballpark of a few dozen to hundred euros at most ( it is just an x-ray , cast and a few checkups ) . 
  delivery costs that you 'll get billed in austria if you are not insured : http://www.hebammen.at/eltern/kosten/kassentarife/ the insurance gets billed nowhere near 22k or 14k usd and neither are you . 
  at least in austria ( probably in estonia too ) you also get the overview of how much your doctor received from the insurance for what she/he performed on you , you wo n't be able to incite much rage or earn much karma with the amounts there though ... 
  to be fair , there are twice as many gun deaths ( normalized per person ) in new york than here while we 're having a lot more guns per person available . 
  sooo ... you would be ok to give hungary or croatia access to french nuclear warheads ? 
  no , definitely not !, 
  there 's no way that i would support austrian soldiers having to go on combat missions just because some ex soviet state feels overly confident with eu troops in the back and manages to provoke russia or the uk or some other ex colony owner doing something stupid abroad again . 
  while people bitch about it from time to time , neutrality is still important and joining a military union of the eu definitely would at least be unconstitutional . 
  a guy kissing him on the mouth would piss off russia far more i guess ... 
  might be interesting to sum up the amount of people living in these countries and the number of votes instead of just coloring a map ... 
  we are not part of the military union and even have a modified contact with the eu like the uk has to ensure this . 
  the eu has no power over neutrality relevant issues , the nato for example would have though . 
  allowing foreign intelligence services to operate their stuff not just inside embassies , but supplying them whole operation bases is stretching the idea of `` neutral '' very far . 
  fulfilling the neutrality clause in our constitution for example . 
  well , new mission statement and all . 
  this . 
  cyber !, 
  about as much as adding the netherlands to germany ... 
  sooo ... 
  communism lets you double your gdp over ~ 40 years , even if there is a world war in between ? 
  well , they were part of austria ... 
  potato cannon ... 
  would n't it be easier to just build 2 pipelines , one for beer and one for vodka ? 
  so when do you drop the assagne charges ? 
  `` fun '' fact : the company producing them nearly went bankrupt 2013 , there were huge facebook campaigns to buy their products to save them and ( after being sold out nationwide for weeks ) they actually managed to at least sell the company to a different chocolate producer instead of a hedge fund ... http://www.niemetz.at/de/koestlichkeiten/schwedenbomben, 
  well , if you lock them up , people seem to be pissed too - http://derstandard.at/2000011819589/akademikerball-deutscher-student-josef-s-rechtskraeftig-schuldig, 
  fighting central banks is definitely not marxistic ... 
  meh ... not even top 5 . 
  police wo n't attack peaceful protesters around here ... 
  it might express an opinion in a condensed way , but is not from the current protests . 
  similar to some warzone pictures that show a israeli/russian/chinese / us / ... bomb depending on whoever writes the subtitle . 
  you 're doing it wrong then . 
  i ca n't even ... 
  `` hey y' all !, 
  is the capital of europe really paris ? '', 
  kwass , cola , malt beer , almdudler and some weird lingering aftertaste all in one bottle . 
  i am not sure why it shows up in a slovak post ( they even try to invent their own language to be different from czechs ) , as it is produced in the czech republic ... kinda like displaying a bmw in something dedicated to austria . 
  it is easier to put up a mobile phone mast than to dig pipes into the ground ... 
  one of the main reasons to visit slovakia or the czech republic . 
  i expected something from laibach ... but damn that is a fine lyrics video !, 
  if they film their `` witchcraft '' , i 'm sure they can make quite some money with that on certain websites ... 
  the / s was meant to show that this is a sarcastic remark ( since it is very hard to sense sarcasm in written text ) and not my actual opinion . 
  my sincere apologies if this was confusing . 
  next on the list : sex with animals , satanism as state religion and calling evolution not just a theory but scientific fact . 
  yeah , it looks like pacman taking a bite off of the czech republic , not austria . 
  probably confused , they do not have any access there . 
  next time : leak to wikileaks , not journalists who just pick a handful of stories . 
  they want more of your sweet juicy data so they are valued higher for their exit . 
  hungary only leads in applications , not actually residing people . 
  you do n't have euros , so just print some . 
  this just means that they should pay their pensioners far more ... 
  i disagree that i have the same ethnicity as someone from germany , especially the northern part . 
  that referendum is not up for the president to decide anyways ... 
  far right is quite arguable , in austria the fp\u00d6 is populist and on the right corner of the spectrum , but not republican far right ... 
  because they had free beer and booze advertised for their opening ... 
   thousands of years you might want to check a bit of history then ... 
  is he/she/it a professional diplomat or just a donator who gets a nice vacation in europe ? 
  and something like that does n't exist in the us ? 
  no ads , no cds out in the open , no sales to people under 18 . 
  ah , i misread the title then . 
  you are aware that the ban only lasted a few months , right ? 
  is there a marketplace for facts too ( e.g. 
  like the holocaust happening ) ? 
  what 's with the remaining ~ 60 % ? 
  no ethnicity ? 
  that 's why there 's a designated `` speaker 's corner '' , right ? 
  they also fly nazi flags and other `` white pride '' stuff ... does it make your country a better place because of that ? 
  depending on your definition of `` human '' ( is a fertilized cell cluster a `` human '' ? ), 
  and if treating people of a different sexual orientation all the same means `` equality '' or if you should rather only differentiate by sex you can find many examples where these values are refused . 
  do you speak german and understand the song text completely or did you just see translations ? 
  also they could still sell the album of course , only advertising and selling to minors was restricted ( for a few months ) . 
  calling some other country 's free speech laws crazy from a place where a pierced nipple causes scandals is a bit weird ... edit : this is the booklet : https://issuu.com/azzy123/docs/digital_booklet_-_liebe_ist_f__r_al unlike the us germany does not have any kind of `` parental advisory '' stuff etc. 
  - either something is still within limits or it can only be sold to people 18 + without advertisement . 
  think hard if this stuff would be freely sold to minors in the us ... 
  so , where is that evidence you speak of , especially coming from an ex muslim and now quite catholic country ? 
  norway has their national oil fund though ... 
  sure , but we like our peasants more than our competition !, 
  journalists already said that they wo n't give data to law enforcement ... 
  how will this be verified or proven ? 
  trust in the media ? 
  not him posing with a weapon and he is not on the ballot for the upcoming election . 
  your answers though were anything but polite . 
  so how come no presidential candidate even visits las vegas for example or does n't pose with weapons ? 
  hand him a tiny flag right when his inauguration/victory speech starts ... 
  apparently taken out of context and a smart move on her side : what was she supposed to do with that child-toy sized flag , especially if she has to give a victory speech right afterwards and probably needs her hands free for gestures ? 
  there is no graceful way to handle this tiny thing during a speech and even if it were blanket size , you would n't expect her to wrap it around her or that she wears it as a cape ... 
  if she wanted a flag , she 'd have brought one . 
   full and comprehensive list of everyone involved nope , it 's just a full list of all public figures that are mentioned in media so far . 
  there were over 200k `` companies '' in the documents and by far not all of them belong to celebrities . 
  urgh , why the focus on celebrities ?!, 
  actual companies ( e.g. 
  banks , retailers ... ) are far more problematic regarding tax evasion ... 
   the primary purpose of the side navbar is precisely to encourage the use of those features . 
  the primary effect for me is to either not visit this subreddit when not on mobile or to switch off the css . 
  i am still on * reddit * here , not a third party website with completely different ui . 
  i expect the website to look and feel more or less like reddit , not something else .
