  i would spend less probably , since i could shop more on demand . 
  it is typically/traditionally the last song , so it is really weird to cut it . 
  ... who is `` we '' ? 
  they have about an about 2/3 rate of very high probability . 
  still better than the hand x-ray to determine age for example . 
  many people talk like the other people around them . 
  some countries agree with that . 
  ( checked with http://xkcd.com/simplewriter/ ), 
  wrong comparison anyways , this chart clearly should show how much it costs to send a 20g letter to denmark of course !, 
  essentially : `` to determine the country or region of origin of the foreigner it is allowed to make sound recordings . '', 
  ( + a little bit more weird legalese ) wikipedia ( ! ), 
  article including dozens of sources for further reading : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/language_analysis_for_the_determination_of_origin google search term that is useful : `` sprachanalyse asyl '' ( language analysis asylum ) . 
  got any facts backing that up ? 
  that 's why they get sent to have their age determined ( using some voodoo methods like looking at hand x-rays ) . 
  austria has defended nearly the same length of border ( towards hungary and slovakia ) with the help of its own military for over a decade . 
  maybe you should re-introduce mandatory military training or ask nato/eu for help ? 
  poor you ... did the brown people look at you or were they just daring to be generally visible ? 
  ask your local asylum responsibles then , i ca n't imagine that croatia does n't follow these good case practices that are widespread all over europe and the world ... 
  i 'm not part of the ministry of interior affairs , so i have no clear idea how exactly they will check papers etc. 
  i personally just know that i could tell you with a very high probability if someone is a native german , austrian or swiss person and also if someone claims to be from places i 've lived , i could be very sure after a handful of questions ( where answers ca n't be googled/learned beforehand ) if someone is from the same region . 
  that 's not austria 's job , we 're not the schengen outer border ( slovenia is ) . 
  trying several times to cross a border is no crime and while they can be punished for making wrong statements , apparently the ones in charge at the border decided that sending them back to slovenia was punishment enough . 
  their `` crime '' is settled then , if they try again a few times and still lie , they might face harsher consequences . 
  they actually can try to cross again , once they claim to be from wherever they actually are from , not wherever they think they would have the best chances . 
  not in austria ... about 30 % of asylum seekers here this year were from syria , another 30 % from iraq and another 30 % from afghanistan . 
  10 % others . 
  because budapest is a pretty city and people like to visit there . 
  warsaw ... well you 've been there apparently . 
  no ad breaks once something is running though as far as i know ( no tv ) . 
  ever tried gueuze ? 
  you 'll be happy to deliver some reinheitsgebot to them after that ... 
  that 's what he said ... :-p, 
  your krampus even delegates his work ? 
  lazy fella ... 
  you would write your wishes in a letter , deposit them in time next to a window , over night it typically vanishes ( sometimes even a lock of ( fake ) golden hair gets caught in the window or left behind ) and during christmas day the room with the tree and so on is locked . 
  after an excruciating wait for the whole afternoon , suddenly you hear a small bell ring , you try to open the door and magically it is unlocked !, 
  unfortunately your parents will assure you that they definitely saw the christkind bringing all the presents and lighting the candles , but it seemed to be in a hurry and you just missed it by a few seconds . 
  saint nicholas day is december 6th , you get presents there too ( december is a great month for kids ... ) . 
  there are very high chances that the family is catholic . 
  yes , especially for the prussian , over-correct type . 
  relatively unique : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/sozialpartnerschaft ( sorry , the english page links to some weird irish stuff that is not comparable ... ) every year worker and company representatives meet to negotiate the https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/kollektivvertrag for all branches ( in the end kinda like the nationally binding minimum wages for each job ) . 
  this means we have something to complain about every year , but still ensures that we do n't have to complain that much so we do n't have to go through the hassle of actually going on strikes . 
   one million mostly men mostly males , not mostly men . 
  there is a quite sizable chunk of women and kids below 18 as well , so the numbers you seem to make up on the spot do n't even make sense right from the beginning . 
   half of the illegals are not syrian and are from even higher fertility countries like ** nigeria , somalia ** etc. 
  yeah sure ...  fast replacement of the native population over the next couple generations at least they are not jews , amirite ? 
  / s seriously , how the hell is this the top comment here ? 
  was r/european closed for christmas week or something ? 
   persecuted minorities in ukraine ... russians ? 
  the same station had the same `` attack '' in a different state one year ago ... 
  let them eat cake ... 
  the average austrian is not jobless . 
   i dont think ive ever seen anyone arguing with an economic argument for bringing em to europe other than this one . 
   with the ammount of money we spend on refugees here just think how much we could acomplish anywhere else without putting europes identity at risk . 
  the money we spend in austria stays in austria , if we spend that money in e.g. 
  turkey , there 's nothing that austria gets from this . 
  gay people can have kids too ... 
  traditionally it would have been between a girl and a boy , hardly considered grown up by today 's standards and brokered by the respective families . 
  the idea that marriage is about love instead of a simple civil contract is relatively modern . 
  of course , like the ones of every good christian should !, 
  what about females ? 
  some sex education classes wo n't hurt them either ... maybe with a different focus , but still . 
   fun fact : 1.4 million liter of water needs to be pumped out every day to keep it dry . 
  just make sure to let it run over some water wheels to gain some free electricity to power the pumps !, 
  this means that if you are entering e.g. 
  italy and are citizen of a country ( not entering from a country ) where italy waives visas , italy still needs to examine your asylum application , even if you travel to sweden . 
   we need a government that actually works in the interest of the people . 
  no , we need a government that works in the interest of the country . 
  if you only deal with the wants of the people , this is called `` populist '' - and typically does not lead to very sustainable policy . 
   as far as i know dublin ii says that refugees need to register in first safe country . 
  nope : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv%3al33153, 
  not having nuclear power in austria was decided by the people though , not the politicians . 
  well , fayman is a politician , for better or worse . 
  they are welcome to try . 
  sometimes they think i speak german ... 
  you apparently do n't even know the difference between a president and a chancellor ... well after all the uk do n't even have one . 
   a person who calls orban a nazi for defending hungary 's border source ? 
  ** https://www.bka.gv.at/site/cob__60479/8169/default.aspx also the fence in spielfeld is not there to prevent people from coming at all , it is there to prevent them from coming without registration/identification . 
  which includes applying on british soil . 
  takes one to know one apparently ... ;-), 
  urgh , another one of these foreigners trying to be upset about what 's going on abroad ... well , i 'll bite : pension ages in austria are being harmonized , currently there 's a ( slow but steady ) increase in pension age that will end in men and women having the same age when retiring , from 2033 onwards all austrians can retire at 65 years . 
  conscription wise ( which you seem to confuse with military service ) it is currently just not popular at all - the more left wing party in the government ( sp\u00d6 ) might be for military service for girls , the more right wing/christian one ( \u00d6vp ) very likely would be against . 
  the alternative with the 2 more right wing parties would end up in a similar draw : fp\u00d6 does not have a public opinion on the matter , but being populist , they would probably also be rather against ( however they are generally more law + order , so they also might be for equal treatment there ) . 
  i do n't see a coalition between sp\u00d6 and fp\u00d6 happening anytime soon , only \u00d6vp fp\u00d6 is a realistic outcome in a few years other than our typical sp\u00d6 \u00d6vp governments . 
  this means it is very unlikely that this topic will become a major issue anytime soon . 
  the only possibility i personally see is if someone takes the time and effort to go up to the highest court for a verdict - this however apparently already is a bit doomed to fail , since both the regulations against discrimination and the military service duties are on the same level so to speak , so it is hard/impossible for judges to determine which one is more important , they will likely say that this is a topic that needs to be decided by the legislature . 
  at least a woman managed to sue her way into the military on equality grounds , which now accepts also female soldiers for about one and a half decades or so . 
  since it is now legally established that in principle women are able to be soldiers too , it might be harder to argue that only all men need military training . 
  all in all it is not really an issue , you loose about a semester as a man but you get to play a little bit with guns and get a better insight into why military really sucks . 
  imho the benefits are big enough to outweigh the time investment and while it would be nice to also give girls this experience , i am not so sure if e.g. 
  the added costs would even be manageable . 
  austria has mandatory military service and conscription and spends much less of its gdp in percent on military . 
  austria definitely is n't . 
  europe is not a country , the usa is . 
   americans have done a lot of fucked up stuff and we do n't feel guilty about it all the time . 
  that 's why you continue to do lots of fucked up stuff . 
  then you 'd have a few universities less in germany . 
   or worse , a jew ? 
  do n't worry , there are not many left in germany ... / s, 
  `` these 2 guys were totally making out in my bedroom !,
