  yeah , they have different problems though : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tokyo_subway_sarin_attack, 
   they would have been convicted . 
  trump says no and tsa cools down the anal probes for the border inspection while you 're waiting for the no . 
  he 's not the leader of the fp\u00d6 . 
  that has about as much to do with germany as latin america with the vatican ... `` deutsch '' had a very different meaning . 
  no , presented with the choice i would only let germany join austria , never the other way round . 
   hitler invaded them first because the spear of destiny was there , and as the nazis were into mystic shit it was important for them to get hold of it you really should n't get your historic information form history channel and hellboy movies ... 
  du was , oida ? 
   it is also known for high rents . 
  what do you consider high ? 
  and the ikea for the whole balkan apparently . 
   they were germans until 1945 you might want to read up on austrian history from 1848 -1939 a bit ... 
  send trump to belgrade , i dare you ... 
  which percentage of the general population can work on sundays , must work on sundays and is n't allowed to work on sundays ? 
  6 days a week ? 
  also shops open longer than that ... 
  do you work on 6 days a week ? 
  you might have to work on sundays too though, 
  you can go shopping on saturday just fine or take one day off ( you have plenty of those anyways ) or leave early/come late . 
  just hold lectures on weekends too then, 
  that sounds awfully sort sighted, 
  capitalism has truly arrived in eastern europe i see . 
  so you ca n't go shopping during the week when stores are open from 8am till 8 pm ? 
  you must be from vienna , right ? 
  only a very specific subset is working ... 
  have n't been in norway yet , my only experiences are the kollektivet and ylvis youtube channels , so better not to assume anything !, 
  sure , we consider germans to be obnoxious for example : fact and stereotype !, 
  old people should support themselves or face the consequences of living a wasteful life . 
  i 'm for decreasing any child support or subsidies , we are too many humans on this planet anyways . 
  well , some people prefer sticking big loads into other people 's rear end ... but i also liked firing them more . 
  join the amish , they are probably more backwards than any nordic country out there . 
  the greens are trying to take over the name though ... 
  brainfuck , prolog , some assembler dialect for a training cpu , verilog ... 
  i would n't consider python , java or c as exotic in this realm . 
  do computer languages count ? 
  you did n't say that this does n't work ... 
  yes, 
  could be , maybe not 8 times but there 's probably a lot more turnover per employee in switzerland than in romania . 
  freaking germans ... 
  yes and no , the words are the same but context matters . 
  are you comparing a borderline genocide with turkish workers ? 
  actually everyone needs to stop having them as much as possible , there are too many humans on this planet already . 
  really ? 
  i see tourists all the time , though they are mostly confined to the city center ... 
  maybe the `` i am 4 months pregnant now '' line in ops posting history is at least some of an indication about existence of a penis . 
  just like switzerland ... why would this be an insult ? 
  online or in meatspace ? 
  ... suddenly ? 
  we have had military at the eastern border for lots of years and now since 2015 at the southern border instead . 
  the only difference is that now they want to be ready to also do checkpoints at the italian border . 
  reasons include fear mongering due to news from italy about refugees arriving by boat and the upcoming elections in september , where no ruling party wants to risk any situation like 2015 . 
  ... and shoot the back next time . 
  escalation is not a great strategy . 
  i get that it is something some people want to achieve over time , so they flair up accordingly . 
  you do n't have `` male/female '' or age based flairs in askreddit for example , even if it would give some/more context to the answer . 
  i 'm not sure if it really helps , or if it even just helps with stereotypes by assigning more meaning than necessary to the little available information . 
  yes in some areas , no in others . 
  i find it weird that europeans are expected to be maybe more diverse than they actually are , while in the case of the union of american states it is downplayed . 
  maybe we should all just flag up with the un ? 
  good luck going in the as a citizen with a can of pepper spray . 
  even a gun would only help to escalate the situation ... 
  well , the only concentration camp in austria is mauthausen , maybe not as overrun as the ones in poland for example . 
  well , you also do n't use your state flag as flair , but the one of your federation ... 
  the only problem are the viennese people . 
  the city itself is nice . 
  uk , us , france and russia, 
  maybe they should be made sterile ... 
  he apparently killed the leader of the nazi party though . 
  want there a story about swedish cops on vacation who held someone at the nyc subway a while back and people were astonished how they solved the situation ? 
  in lots of countries here , you do n't just become a cop in a few weeks or months , it takes a few years of training . 
   there are literally no border controls austria has reinstated temporary border controls since 2015, 
  you mean street view ? 
  she is more of a right wing `` concerned citizen '' ... 
  apparently people die to get here , so it must be worth it . 
  so nobody from the rest of the eu should move to greece at all ? 
  i buy it online . 
  what-cha is a nice online shop for example . 
  so china and cuba are in eastern europe ? 
  all of balkan is eastern europe , not all of eastern europe is on the balkan . 
  it is where eastern europeans live . 
  you know , those people with slavic languages ... 
  tap water . 
  look up eurodac ... 
  you wanted the cheapest way ... ? 
  read up on kleindeutsche l\u00f6sung maybe ... 
  i do n't . 
  anyways one if the issues is that `` german '' is both used for the general cultural area and the country of germany . 
  if there was a word like `` slavic '' that describes germanic culture , then maybe ... 
  but in the sense of feeling like belonging to the country of germany - nope , not at all . 
  at least add denmark , netherlands , belgium , switzerland and maybe even the nordics to this . 
  this type of visa is called `` transit visa '' . 
  here is the uk page about them : https://www.gov.uk/transit-visa/overview in austria you should visit the wachau and salzkammergut areas ( i suspect you wo n't cross the alps if you 're also in ~ ~ czechoslovakia ~ ~ the 2 north-eastern neighbours ) . 
  i ca n't remember that i lost power for any reason other than faulty local wiring , definitely not problems with the power grid . 
  if it happened , then likely short enough to not register with me consciously , so no `` quick , eat the food from the freezer before it spoils '' scenario . 
  by now most mcd 's in my city have them , only very few people order at the ( single ) payment desk but the waiting situation is much worse than before imho since there is no line and orders are not always filled one after another ( e.g. 
  if you only buy a single serving of fries , you 'll likely get it faster than someone with a big order , even if they ordered before you ) . 
  makes the waiting experience a bit more stressful imho and also more awkward , since people just tend to form a half-circle in 3-5m distance from the pickup area , blocking everyone else . 
  they are about as happy to accept euros as the brits ... 
  you guys learn to do natural segregation in high school ? 
  anyways , lots of school systems here have more fixed groups of about 20-30 students that have the same subjects in the same classrooms while teachers rotate from room to room ( special classes like chemistry aside ) .
