  also detoxing a methanol ingestion involves drinking as much ethanol as possible for a few days , so if you 're really into being drunk ... ? 
  methanol might be a relatively cheap type of alcohol , but i would n't recommend it . 
  ethanol , while taxed a bit higher , is where the fun is . 
  if you want to get drunk as cheaply as possible , make sure someone else pays for the drinks . 
  otherwise you can buy the cheapest beer or wine or vodka you can find in a discounter and try it that way . 
   beef taste better in the us , dunno why exactly . 
  you have better chances in the city of mereen . 
  you can expect to be looked over by locals if you are a tourist and to be actively shunned if you are moving there with the main motivation of hitting on women . 
  you might have more luck if you are pretty and open-minded ... 
  only the sith deal in absolutes ... 
  probably because migrant has a voluntary connotation . 
  go back inside , darling !, 
  \\* closes door \\*, 
  i 'm not so sure if there are vastly opposing or different views , the difference is more a geographic one . 
  it might be easier to look for a far left and a far right country and compare their policies than to just go by the large countries you hear about in the media . 
  maybe you first should look up the formal definitions , rules and regulations of : immigrant , crisis , migrant , asylum seeker , refugee , the 1951 refugee convention + the new york protocol , the dublin iii regulation , the schengen agreement and maybe some local regulations of the countries you are investigating . 
  reason : there is not really an `` immigration crisis '' , since not many more immigrants showed up in europe than usual - there were a lot more asylum seekers though . 
  at least in austria however it for example was not an official `` crisis '' , since that would mean that e.g. 
  crisis funds would have been used instead of relying mostly on volunteers and donations . 
  i usually use travel time as a way to kinda go cold turkey from wasting time on the internet . 
  depends in your situation of course , but maybe it is not even that bad to not take part in some pointless whatsapp groups or to check mails or your reddit inbox every few hours ... ? 
  family only , sorry . 
  nobody is allowed to go into my bunker in the basement ... 
  i use mine for years now , but do n't have special feelings about it ... 
  can you give concrete examples of these areas ? 
  us media is not that popular around here ... 
  guess what people were saying about bosnians a few years back ... and it is by far not easy for anyone without papers to cross any border along the balkan route . 
  there is a chance of course , once you cross the schengen outer border ( depending on your bus/train in hungary or slovenia ) you wo n't have any border checks anyways . 
  there is of course also the chance that you 'd be stranded at a border station and have to leave the bus/train . 
  pick your risk . 
  if you travel by plane you might be sent back , if you do n't you wo n't even get close to the nl border unless you 're swimming . 
  of course there 's a chance that you 'll be just fine , if you want to play it safe though you still have a week to get a new passport . 
  go to refugee shelters or do some community work . 
  i personally am very cautious about talking online about my experiences , i do n't want to support any armchair agenda pushers . 
  personal interviews are probably better . 
   with vodka the distillate is basically 100 % ethanol that 's not possible with distillation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azeotrope, 
  no , there are dozens of flavoured vodkas . 
  schnaps has flavour , but it is rarely flavoured . 
  sometimes fruits or cones/small branches from needle trees ( e.g https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pinus_cembra ) are used as flavourings or to make the stuff look more attractive in the bottle . 
  in general though i would expect something called `` schnaps '' to be a clear , 80 proof liquor smelling and tasting like the fruit that was fermented and distilled . 
  one is named in german and one in a slavic language . 
  `` schnaps '' is just a generic name for distilled fruit spirits , `` zwetschgenschnaps '' or `` pflaumenschnaps '' would be the german names for slivovitz . 
  commercially sold stuff is typically 80 proof ( 40 % vol ) , once you go down the balkan route you can get anything from `` the farm where my grandparents still distill the good stuff themselves '' ranging from methanol poisoning to stuff you would n't even use to clean a window to the best stuff you 've ever had with the best people you ever met and the best headache the next day ... 
  vodka is supposed to have no taste besides ethanol and water , good schnaps tastes like whatever fruit that was fermented + distilled . 
  austrian dialects can vary quite a bit even in a relatively small region ( vorarlberg/tyrol ... ) especially if it was hard to get around before cars were invented ( mountain valleys ) . 
  it is still far more varied over longer distances and also compared to germany-german dialects . 
  no idea about the swamp germans , sorry . 
  there is some concern that kids these days speak less dialect ( especially in cities - where most children grow up these days - more neutral/standard german is the norm ) and have a harder time speaking proper standard german and proper dialect . 
  a reason for this might be tv ( which often features standard german or even germany-german voices ) . 
  in day to day use it is still very common to quickly decide on the level of dialect your counter party is comfortable with and stay there - from slow standard german to nearly unintelligible grunts . 
  i 'm no linguist , but i never found english to be particularly difficult to learn or to have some completely foreign concepts ( compared to e.g. 
  the importance of pitch in cantonese ) . 
  then again it has been quite a while since i even had any troubles communicating in english with someone ... edit : bonus : the guy in the beginning sounds like he google translated everything . 
  :-p the other ones are very understandable , but have some grammatical errors that would be typical for english speakers and often also sound like an english native with an accent . 
   long a ? 
  they would be pronounced differently ? 
  that 's news to me !, 
  nah , it 's rather a hint on when to spell using `` ss '' and when to use '' \u00df '' : if the vowel in front of it is long , then there should be an '' \u00df '' instead of an `` ss '' . 
  by the way , the pr\u00e4teritum of `` essen '' is `` a\u00df '' , not `` ass '' ( long a ) , unless you 're in switzerland who simply abandoned the \u00df completely . 
  just fyi : it is still march 30th in europe , we have 2 more days to go ... 
  `` cardboard box inn '' ) , the `` golden seagull '' one is also sometimes used . 
  post her address and we can check if she 's ok if you want !, 
  bold claim that depends a lot on the definition of terrorism ... 
  try to fit 1-2 days in salzburg in your schedule too when going to vienna . 
  edit : if you really want to go from france to the north and then to the alps you 'd be travelling quite a bit , maybe cut out paris ? 
  around here it probably would get more dirty from the filter ... 
  in austria tap water is usually free unless it is the only thing you consume , then it 's about 50 cents or a euro for half a liter as `` service charge '' . 
  you either went to very high end places or tourist traps that you got charged 3 ( ! ), 
  euros for a glass of tap water . 
  if you just order `` water '' , you might likely get sparkling water , maybe that 's where the confusion comes from ? 
  edit : another source for confusion might be that nobody will put a pitcher of water and a few glasses on the table ( unless it is a large gathering where e.g. 
  the host pays for drinks anyways and a lot of wine is served ) as soon as you arrive - you 'll have to ask for it . 
  my guess is that the weird tipping culture in the us pays for the lack in drink sales . 
   do you really think the majority of syria would vote for is ? 
  look at egypt for example , where the first elections promptly led to yet another revolution because the muslim brotherhood was democratically elected . 
  democracy needs high participation of informed voters . 
  in the west the high participation part is lacking , in more rural societies the `` informed '' part is not very established . 
  do you really expect someone religious to vote for something else than what the local religious leader says ? 
  so let them vote , then bomb them again ? 
  i 'm not so sure if that 's going to help ... 
  so you would help set up a country who will go to war with its neighbours ( e.g. 
  israel ) at the first time possible ? 
  how is that not interfering in the affairs of the region ? 
  what if the new government is isis ? 
  are people allowed to vote for them and would you support helping them set up a proper state ? 
  a lot of them are still going to drop out anyways because apparently it is not enough to be a candidate , you also need support by one of the 2 only relevant parties in the usa . 
  it 's far too early to tell or care about them , since the majority of them wo n't even be on the ballot in the end . 
  the two main questions with this `` strategy '' are : make it a more attractive place for whom and how ? 
  people have different opinions on what makes a place worth living . 
  who is more `` right '' about this ? 
  is a secular state more attractive place to live than a country under sharia law ? 
  this is also one of the big questions of democracy for example : should you be able/allowed to democratically elect a government who wants to end democracy ? 
  what to do in the meantime ? 
  even if you manage to decide on a way to make millions of people happy , this wo n't happen from one day to the next ... 
  no 24/7 stores in austria at all , since there are strict worker laws . 
  it seems to be a big hassle for foreigners to not be able to go shopping whenever they want to , apparently many people are not capable of planning ahead 1-2 days in advance or looking at the calendar to determine that a sunday is coming up . 
  typically stores would be open until 19:00 or 20:00 during the week , maybe until 17:00 or 18:00 on saturdays . 
  typically bigger cities have night lines ( buses on major streets ) about every hour or so available to bring people home safely , otherwise between midnight and about 6 in the morning there rarely is any local/regional public transport going on . 
  vienna is a bit of an exception to this , on weekends i think their subway runs the whole night in addition to the buses . 
  10000 inhabitants would not be a `` small town '' btw , more like a regional capital city .
