  already genocided , mein f\u00fchrer ... 
  no , you can read the article for more info . 
  i 'm not so sure , depends on how you measure it i guess . 
  also is the eu average 85 % or 8.5 % of sv ? 
  or some other fraction ? 
  but why the comparison then in the article ? 
  number of totally trustworthy white christian portuguese guys in a 5km radius i guess ... 
  this is done by '' \u00d6sterreich '' , a `` news `` paper which would increase its value by 200 % if recycled and turned into toilet paper . 
  https://www.nissan.at/fahrzeuge/neuwagen/leaf/varianten-preise.html either you rent the battery for 79 $ / month or buy it . 
  rented battery : ~ 23k eur ( ~ 26k usd ) battery included : ~ 29k eur ( ~ 33k usd ), 
  we already did n't elect him twice actually ... 
  how big should the sample size be according to basic statistics ? 
  depends on the amount of seats of `` everybody else '' . 
  fp\u00d6 + \u00d6vp already happened once in the beginning of the century and could be repeated , \u00d6vp already went more right wing than usual anyways to fish for votes + because they now `` can '' say that stuff ... 
  kinda weird to compare this to the us in the article without providing these metrics for the us . 
  no , not really . 
  death penalty is for the weak . 
  questioning third party heresay reports from anonymous sources on the internet is `` low '' ? 
  yes , since this sounds a bit like selection bias ( if some native guys hit on her or whistle it is `` just some stupid kids '' , if they are brown it 's nearly the next attack by isis ) . 
  if you are a girl , you can speak from your own experience and also recognize the change from before , if you are not there are chances that your girlfriend will tell you stuff you want to hear while leaving out or downplaying other instances of harassment . 
  that 's the local office 's fault then , when entering europe he ( or she ... ) would have been registered in eurodac for example , so there is only one unique id to consider . 
  however , asylum related stuff was heavily cut back over the years , so in reality they are probably working on a windows xp workstation and are happy if internet explorer does n't crash when entering the data on their local activex input form that saves to a excel sheet somewhere . 
  some level of fraud is probably cheaper than building the systems properly , and previously there were not that many people applying for asylum anyways so likely there was no investment into fraud prevention . 
  and the geneva convention is amoral ... 
  there is , eurodac for example and others . 
   the fact is each euro spent on housing refugees at subsistence levels in germany could support 5 refugees in jordan or other safe middle-eastern at the level of a comfortably middle class local . 
  every euro that you spend inside germany mostly stays there ( yes , some of it will be sent home etc. 
  so not 100 % ) . 
  every euro that you spend in jordan etc. 
  stays there 100 % and helps exactly 0 domestically . 
  it was a tough sell previously to give foreign aid , since the argument then is that you are burning money abroad ( in questionable countries ) and all these people would n't come to germany/europe anyways , so why waste money on them ? 
  maybe this argument wo n't be as strong any more , however unhcr is still very much underfunded and i have yet to see a policy change in e.g. 
  eastern european countries that claim that helping locally would be preferrable to them . 
  still their actual spending is not increasing . 
   see , it does n't get much publicity , but things have actually changed for girls . 
  are you a girl ? 
  good . 
  has anything actually changed for you ? 
  unless you are at oktoberfest ... 
  and vienna the one with the best quality of life ... at least people know the capital of austria . 
  or the vicious marmot ? 
  we 're all just working in their karma mines ... 
  how many people get hurt or killed in your demos every year again ? 
  oh , that 's the famous german humour !, 
  they would need to renounce their turkish citizenship to get the austrian one . 
  and again the bundesrat not the nationalrat ... : - /, 
  they are quite noisy though . 
  maybe not in countries that just build time bombs aka . 
  nuclear reactors instead of proper solutions , yes . 
  there are solutions for storage too , they are not deployed at scale usually though . 
  then invest in better filtering techniques , if you think that coal plants are that dangerous . 
  no mountains for dams ? 
  then there 's lots of flat land for solar and wind power . 
  also geothermal power etc. 
  nuclear only `` works '' if you ignore the issue of waste storage and if you assume that they are built to highest and current standards . 
  after all , we also had a nuclear catastrophe on this continent 3 decades ago which can still be measured all over europe . 
  hydro works just fine . 
  by birth , not by choice later . 
   but if there 's no proof of fraud why repeat the election ? 
  because the highest court in austria ( the constitutional court ) takes pride in making sure that rules are being followed to the letter . 
  there was a reference to the guy who designed the austrian constitiution ~ 100 years ago who also cancelled an election partly because rules were not followed . 
  it did n't matter to him if this did lead to actual fraud or not since this is largely irrelevant anyways - if the rules were not followed , the election was invalid to begin with . 
  an election is not just `` let 's see somehow whom people may prefer '' , it is a ( kinda ) well designed process that needs to be followed . 
  when were they late usually ? 
  they beat austria , so they are clearly capable of beating anyone . 
  there are enough other idiots in the parliament that could have sent this idiocy instead . 
  if he was forced , he is weak , if he was n't , he is stupid . 
  he 's at least chemtrails level of crazy ... 
  what i do n't get : `` britain first '' , but then keeping nazi stuff ?!, 
  on the other hand , many right wing groups also are really into russia ... 
  they are economic migrants ... :-p, 
  no , you are not . 
  so you have been a volunteer at the vote counting our were you just reading some internet news ? 
  most postal voters in austria are domestic , students away from home for example are a huge part of them . 
  sure , fp\u00d6 is against the establishment and already handing in a lawsuit is being seen as them fighting against it . 
  once the court ruled against them it is another evil conspiracy of the establishment against them . 
  yeah , because only the idiots that are too stupid or closed minded stay behind even if their situation sucks . 
  so that 's what they mean with `` pray the gay away '' !, 
  please do n't confuse him with facts . 
  they should just send them to the usa . 
  would make for a nice 100 year reunion , huh ? 
  as soon as they actually materialize . 
  how smart of you to notice that . 
  just because ketchup is red does n't mean it is socialist . 
  you probably went to tourist traps if you got charged for water + toilets ... 
  some mcd 's have free refills others do n't - and while paying for ketchup sucks , at least a lot less of it ends up in the garbage . 
  you are subsidizing the ketchup for others if it is `` free '' ... 
  was n't there an issue with a proposed internet tax ? 
  is net neutrality already in the law ? 
  as said elsewhere , if you hand in a letter vote at a ballot station , you 'll get a normal ballot and it is counted locally . 
  if you mail it in , it is counted for your home region . 
  this means that touristic areas get more viewers since people like to enjoy a nice sunday like the one last week . 
  edit : also ballots are counted by several people at once , it 's not like someone goes in a room alone and returns with a result ... 
  there are also extreme right wing people counting votes . 
  well , in austria immigrants vote fp\u00d6 ... 
  http://orf.at/wahl/story/2340496.html young men , low education levels and worker class ... not exactly the ones voting left . 
  you seriously believe that immigrants vote left after they lived here for several years and are allowed to vote ( which means they have citizenship ) ? 
  all parties ( including fp\u00d6 ) are present in the voting commissions and this is not the first election ever ... maybe a few votes here and there might be debatable , but definitely not enough to influence any result or the like . 
  must be swedish i guess ... 
   100 % arian so you 're from iran ?
