  happy not to be part of it . 
  how large is your phone screen in cm ? 
  was n't his child though , he took a different one . 
  fritzl on the other hand ran a fully fledged family basement . 
  in the us until today nobody who was executed has been proven to be innocent . 
  there are several reasons , for example the it is really hard to investigate once someone is already dead . 
  the 4 % number is an estimate . 
  but there is no white nation down there ? 
  then op should limit her travel plans to the elsass/alsace . 
  germany and france share a border , so it can literally mean just to go out of your house to get from germany to france ... 
  you 'll have nearly a day travelling between most of these destinations , if you take night trains it would probably be ok though i 'd fly from budapest to southern italy instead . 
  if you plan to travel by day , you 'll have a lot of sitting and watching landscapes float by ahead . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundesheer#milizsystem in german , the english article sucks in that regard . 
  sure , just make sure you pay more than my current job and do n't spam reddit . 
  yes . 
  then say so , because most migrants around here are from germany and the balkans . 
  got any verifiable data or statistics ? 
  yeah , and who will do training in a war zone for several months ? 
  in that case it is already useless and just a way to send some civilians to their death . 
  it would be probably between half a year to a year , not a decade ... 
  especially great about this one is that they were sold unnoticed for years already . 
  he 'll be first lady to kim . 
  you really think austrians have the same culture as frisians ? 
  ... her, 
  no , never . 
  walls are made out of bricks , not air interspersed with small wood beams . 
  the bigger challenge is probably taking food along , since once trees and grass stop growing , cows do n't tend to be very willing to explore further up . 
  you might be able to take a hike with a cow by bringing a lot of food and taking a lot of breaks while it chews and digests ( = farts ) . 
  i doubt you 'll manage to suffocate one in the alps though , it would probably rather freeze to death . 
  nearly no countries in europe are subject to jihadist attacks ... 
  northern austria of course ... 
  just split it up in its single words , pronounciation is quite straightforward . 
  maybe joining austria again ? 
  would be a `` die '' then . 
  yes , solvents are used in different applications . 
  swabs are looking for explosives residue . 
  is n't it too closely aligned with israel to be accepted as neutral force ? 
  india might be a better guardian . 
  usa --  democratic republic of freeland, 
  no , it depends on how much you heated the tea water ... 
  annual report usually done by some teachers with a few articles by students and the `` newspaper '' done by the graduation classes with a full page about each student , some articles about each of their teachers ( sometimes including photoshops ) , picture collages and funny or `` funny '' quotes that happened during class the past few years . 
  it is a school with about 500 kids spread over 8 years though , having a dedicated newspaper with actual news would be a bit of a challenge . 
  got a link ? 
  can only yell when drunk and only use words from the profanity filter . 
  hand 50 silver to a czech character to have them displayed without clothes . 
  mountaineering : if passively standing around , you character will move on top of the highest elevated point in sight that it has n't visited yet and gain the `` drunk '' effect . 
  real mountaineering : if you manually move your character to such a place , gain a `` bergnadel '' token . 
  cast the 1 day cool down `` gipfelbuch '' ability and gain all `` bergnadel '' tokens from drunk people nearby . 
  to be allowed to unlock female austrians , turn in 100 bergnadel tokens and wait for a random time of day until the local hunter is in church or at the pub , then you get a 50 % chance to pluck an edelweiss at the next mountain you visit , unlocking females at character creation . 
  because they are the only real lyrics , the other ones were invented much later to fit the music or as crude translations . 
  nah , just a publicly accessible echo chamber . 
  alt right cesspool ... 
  germans trying to be funny ... imho it gives too much legitimacy to similarly idiotic subreddits , but it is nice to see a little bit more non-wwii content in german ( even if only copying idiots ) . 
  paramilitary organization for underaged children sponsored by dod = `` patriotism '' . 
  i was in the military and i 'm not a robot killing machine ... so no , i do n't expect them to become this . 
  still 6-10 % is far more than the general population in the us . 
  at least it sounds like you are indirectly pushed or nudged to join the military , since abnormally many kids join out of this organization compared to the general populace . 
  just like a lot of other pre-military children organizations all over the world including austria and germany . 
  they got explicitly forbidden after 1945 here . 
  boy scouts for example were also founded by mr. baden-powell , a retired officer , however with the goal of not being pre-military . 
  that 's not how you are being pushed to do something , otherwise you 'd probably constantly order from every pizza place that dumps a leaflet in your mailbox ... how many kids in general join the military ( in % ) and how much higher is the percentage of your jrotc comrades in comparison ? 
   also , if jrotc was indoctrinating people to join the military , i 'm pretty sure the military would be slightly larger in size . 
  how so ? 
  just because you brainwash a few teens does not make them all good soldiers . 
  hj was a youth movement to teach young kids leadership and what were seen back then as good citizenship values ( obedience , physical strength , some military drill ... ) initially leading up to the military , later more a general way of education away from school and parents . 
   except for beer of course  radler or spritzer it is then ... 
  right now though it would be gl\u00fchwein or punsch . 
   sounds like something you 'd expect to see from nazi germany . 
  something that nazi germany actually had , with the same goals and mission and very similar methodology ( even including mock ranks etc. ) . 
  there was just a war too closely after them taking power to build a more coherent structure and giving common reasons , so it was a bit more sporty and ideologically rooted than the us version probably . 
  many ( most ? ), 
  members getting killed and the organization being outlawed also did n't really help . 
  the closest thing we had was the hj . 
  fast uncensored internet access for everyone and community moderators that keep the internet clean . 
  also lots of sub-parties that support various ideologies , but you can only participate in the discussion by voting for the whole front reddit . 
  women are not as well represented as cats by this party ... unless they are at least topless ( the women not the cats ) . 
  they managed to put donald trump ironically on top of their lists and when they won a few seats they are surprised that he 'll now be a member of several european parliaments even though it clearly just was a joke to begin with . 
  same with harambe , a kitten named mittens and whoever was top voted on gonewild . 
  sorry it is not legal to tell you the answer to this . 
  and read the wiki before asking for `` secret non-touristic amazing stuff to discover in vienna '' - if something is really cool and interesting , it will likely also be marketed to tourists . 
  anno is from austria originally ... 
  one of the national radio broadcasters runs a protest song contest every year . 
  here 's the page ( german ) : http://fm4.orf.at/protestsongcontest, 
  i do n't think i shot a real gun outside of the military , during the military service i trained on several weapons . 
  not very surprising , these things are constructed to enable as many people as possible to hit the target as well as possible . 
  if you really try to hit a target within a reasonable distance and have time to aim , you only hitting 3/10 times is the more surprising thing . 
  yes , but your phone manufacturer has less market penetration than donald trump in the us . 
  also , most people here own a debit card and maaaaybe a credit card , owning 3 credit cards probably puts you quite far into the tail end of consumers here . 
  last but not least you can also now either through nfc stickers or apps add this capability to any phone , no apple required , if you really need to pay with a phone . 
  once upon a time there was a big fight if cigarettes should be sold at aldi - the company split over that decision , nord carries cigarettes , s\u00fcd does n't . 
   i wish applepay were more widespread . 
  but why ? 
  it is not useful without an expensive phone and nfc payments are accessible nearly all over the country by now . 
  just get a paywave/paypass credit card . 
  probably just throwing everything on the back seat of their walmart-trolley and later in the bed of their pick-up truck ? 
  but why not austria or liechtenstein ? 
  i thought swedish police is like in [ kopps ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jj9rhck.gif ) !, 
  ... or as a relay station to fly drones or siphon off data . 
  have you even been in the military ? 
  not even ukrainians ?
