  in austria , cash is king . 
  i transact mostly in cash , i doubt that this is as traceable as common electronic payments offered by banks and payment processors . 
  i would only trust state offered electronic payments , not banks and the idea that the state would be able to pull this off is a bit utopian . 
   and if you refer to porn , yes i look at it , why not ? 
  rather to one of these four : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_horsemen_of_the_infocalypse  terrorists , drug dealers , pedophiles , and organized crime so bomb building instructions , darknet markets , child porn and secret chat rooms . 
  all of which are available on reddit by the way ... 
  better lock --  armed criminal goes to different house with worse locks . 
  taser --  armed criminal is flopping around helplessly on the floor after being shot , not bleeding to death . 
  at least a professional , unlike berlusconi ... 
  no , someone who does not trust private corporations and governments with huge databases of highly private data . 
  edit : also someone who does not need surveillance to stay honest ... 
  is a huge issue and a horrible dystopia in my opinion . 
  giving a database of all my financial information of my whole life not only to the state , but also to banks and payment processors is bad . 
  private matters must stay private for a society to function , this includes communication ( e.g. 
  internet ) , finance and health amongst other things . 
   how about to allow normal people to protect themselves ? 
  they could get tasers , pepper spray or better door locks instead of firearms . 
   there are also sounds for example to sterilize by law some mentally handicapped people . 
  not going to happen in germany due to ... history . 
  not posting under your real name ? 
  probably you are also looking at [ insert bad thing ] online !, 
  do you only get a certificate or also a small sticker that you have to wear ? 
  yeah , but where does the `` base '' exactly start ? 
  do you press down on skin ? 
   force all payments above 50 euro to be done via credit card . 
  spying on your population and dragnet surveillance does not make them more honest or better . 
  for these numbers very likely hard ... ;-) anyways , where exactly do you start your measurement ( i guess it would end at the tip with foreskin pulled back ) ? 
  especially when measuring down to the milimeter ... 
  well , how does one accurately and reliably measure it anyways ? 
  ad 6 : the books are a great read too !, 
  liptauer made with camembert instead of topfen ? 
  intriguing ... 
  just sucking a baby dick does not make you a pedophile ... 
  ... as well as complication rates that would make flu shots sound like a death sentence . 
  ... thousands ? 
  maybe yes , but most likely not thousands more than usual . 
  aww that must be a cute tiny window if it is for mosquitos ... 
  gross , after tax or spendable income ( after medical insurance , rent etc. 
  maybe better than most in the world , but probably not better than most in the first world/western europe . 
   the cards ca n't be hacked or abused like a simply password could . 
  if you extract the private key from them , you can clone them at will ... let 's hope they use sufficiently well secured chips . 
  this and more is also already possible in austria for years now , with the exception that we do n't hand them to foreigners who doxx themselves . 
  sure it does : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/estland, 
   but austria 's and hungary 's relations are not that bad . 
  except if hungary decides to void contracts by foreigners , decides to make ( austrian ) banks pay for stupid people who had their credits in chf or other funny ideas that their government comes up with ... : - /, 
  official name of the republic of slovakia in slovak language : *** slovensk\u00e1 republika ***, 
  shh doing tell them about our shibboleth !, 
  they are called `` all inclusive clubs '' these days . 
  i 'd recommend investing in a bicycle ... 
  banks temporarily belong to the government until they are released as public entities again after their books have been checked . 
  immediately invoke martial law , freeze bank balances above a certain limit , close borders and audit everyone . 
  as soon as you are audited and have shown that everything is in order and you paid taxes , sanctions are removed for you and you can get a reasonably well paid government job to build infrastructure ( e.g. 
  land registry ... ) . 
  this of course also goes for companies . 
  open as much as possible for public participation , to make people aware that they can actually do something useful for their country besides paying taxes . 
  request help not in the form of money but in the form of external experts working for free ( they get paid by the sending country ) from the eu to make the process faster , less biased and also help other countries to provide jobs . 
  what about `` thelocal '' pages ? 
  at least the austrian one is not something that i 'd consider propaganda but also nothing remotely resembling quality media ... 
  it seems like the 9gag of news . 
  what 's `` alpine '' about slovenia ? 
  sure , here you go : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_der_volksbegehren_in_%c3%96sterreich, 
  you could n't even get liechtenstein to join so far ... 
  few women carry their wallet in their pockets , most that i know have a purse ( which probably was lost in this case ) for their mobile phone , wallet etc. 
  how the hell can sweden justify this with their neutrality commitment ? 
  the nsa 's mission is not to prevent terrorism . 
  it is [ classified ] instead . 
  why ? 
  i do n't care very much for either , so i prefer the one that does n't force me to pay money to exchangers only to use their own money . 
  finland , they have the euro . 
  the latin one has weird lyrics that sound like someone just added variations of `` we are so great '' one after another . 
  one of the core issues imho is that there is a common fiscal/money policy ( the ezb can decide how many euros are out there ) but no common policy on how to spend this money . 
  imagine you and your greek boyfriend have a shared bank account and shared credit rating , but you are earning 100k a year as software dev and he is working at mcdonalds part time . 
  suddenly he decides to take a few loans , because he wants to reward himself with a new flatscreen tv , some nice speakers and some other stuff that deprecates quickly . 
  even after you start to get worried , he just states that you are not his boss , only his partner and that you agreed to the shared account after all . 
  what we are seeing right now is kinda the fallout , after both sides did stupid ( imho ) things , like forcing him to sell his tv just so you get some money back instead of forcing him to apply for better jobs or get an education or him threatening to go to a russian loan shark . 
  right now we seem to be in crisis mode and both sides have a right to be seriously pissed at each other . 
  the difference is that one side still has lots of money + some debt from the boyfriend while the other one does n't really have much left in the first place . 
  so they will spy a little less on their own citizens ( as far as i understood it , you immediately got the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usa_freedom_act though ) . 
  no change for any citizen of the ~ 200 other countries around the globe . 
  * no translation needed . 
  after trying to write a few comments in both languages , it is really interesting to think about which language should be written first ... if i write english first and then translate to german , it sounds kinda weird . 
  the other way around would probably end up the same . 
  then again , if someone wants to learn german from the stuff that i write , it would maybe help readers if i translate everything literally so they can understand the words , on the other hand this would train them to use a shitty version of `` denglish '' with strange/clunky constructs that wo n't be used in real life by natives . 
  any linguists or language teachers/professionals out there who want to weigh in on if it would help non-natives more if i translated meaning or words and also if i should translate from german to english or vice versa ? 
  if posting , i 'd probably still put the english block on top , as i prefer it that way personally ( i can start reading right away and as soon as i hit a language that i do n't understand , i can skip the rest compared to first having to scan for the actual english part ) . 
  it honestly sounds a bit like google translated ... ;-) fixed version :  gr\u00fc\u00df gott . 
   \u00dcbrigens : ich bin kein deutscher muttersprachler/keine deutsche muttersprachlerin [ depending on your gender ] . 
  es liegt auf der hand , dass wenn man in seiner muttersprache schreiben kann , man auch in einer fremdsprache schreiben kann [ i 'm not sure i even understood this sentence in your english version though ] . 
  wenn du fehler bemerkst , w\u00e4re ich froh , wenn du mich korrigieren w\u00fcrdest   \\ ^ ( besonders mit \u00d6sterreichischem dialekt ) there is no official spelling for austrian dialects and they are also quite diverse , so to not confuse anyone i rarely post anything in dialect . 
  german is hard enough as is . 
  / fixed , though it still sounds slightly clunky, 
  nope , the best one is latin . 
  it did n't translate the meaning , he translated word by word . 
  this leads to some relatively clunky sentences that are correct german but wo n't be used neither in writing nor spoken . 
  maybe we should start a dedicated subreddit instead of sprinkling bilingual comments all over the place ... also it is a difficult question on how much you translate words vs. meaning . 
  props to dclauzel for keeping this up !, 
  / fixed, 
  it looked just like a messed up unicode emoticon to me ... \u10da ( \u0ca0\u76ca\u0ca0\u10da ) * schaut f\u00fcr mich aus wie ein zerlemperter `` langsmiley '' * \u10da ( \u0ca0\u76ca\u0ca0\u10da ), 
  meh , even if a huge majority of austrians would sign ( which is not likely at all ) , the only binding outcome of this would be that the parliament has to put a discussion about this topic on their agenda . 
  if a large majority of people did really care that strongly about a topic , it would likely already be discussed in the parliament .
