  bumping all content 1 cm to the right from where i expect it and where it is located on nearly every other subreddit on that site as well as at the same time moving the location of quite important features to somewhere else on the page ( with nondescript icons instead of text ) only leads to annoyance on my part to be honest . 
  i do n't want to have to remember where to find the button for / r/europe 's top posts compared to other subreddits . 
  that 's one of the reasons why the austrian eagle has an uneven number of feathers on its wings ... 
  that 's not the austrian parliament ... 
  i think they 'll have to renovate the building soon anyways , right ? 
  you probably do n't have italian prices though ... 
  `` erntedank '' in german and it 's widely celebrated ... dates are different though . 
  vienna - graz ... still 2.5 hours and still going the same route . 
  as soon as they start speaking german . 
  even nazis would n't have had an issue with that any more if it were jewish instead ... how about turning 100 % american ? 
  well , better compared to the us , not to the world . 
  if you want to explore your heritage , read a book or ten instead of chatting up strangers about your great grandparents ... 
  well , it is easy to get high percentages if a single large family would make a big impact on the statistics because so few people apply for asylum there . 
  i highly doubt that that many people are still in hungary - they likely moved on after handing in their application . 
  ( `` may lightning strike you while you 're taking a shit ! '' ), 
  is a lovely example of the level of maliciousness austrians are capable of . 
  meanwhile the newest gcc will now give out warnings about misindented code ... 
  using curly braces and semicolons instead of indentation to identify blocks and statements is so 70s ... 
  this time you have to join us , not the other way round . 
  an example would be the neos party in austria , who are mainly liberals . 
  no , and turkey for example specifically did not sign the addition to the geneva refugee convention . 
  also what is `` central european news '' anyways ? 
  look at carinthia ... 
  probably about half a year i guess . 
  after having been there : costa rica . 
  mountains , nice landscape , a bit more relaxed and a bit more expensive than its neighbours , in the middle of a continent ... 
  do n't be so harsh on the brits , maybe they wo n't vote for the brexit after all !, 
  even now in spielfeld you can just walk/drive/bike through and wave to the officers on the small road , the highway never was closed anyways . 
  they might do spot checks though . 
  check how many people per capita e.g. 
  austria has agreed to take in ( with the much debated and even called illegal `` upper limit '' ) and then calculate how many people that should be for canada . 
  i think the target number was 1.5 % of the total population ... 
  taking a tiny tiny fraction of this of course if easy , especially if you pick and choose beforehand . 
  that 's why we do n't like being called german ... 
  how many people go to finland via the balkans exactly that it makes it so hard to handle ? 
  turkey does only grant asylum to europeans , you ca n't be an official refugee under geneva criteria in turkey if you are from e.g. 
  they likely will not be able to get anything in the west with the money they get and wo n't be able to apply again in germany because of eurodac , so they 'll get broke , frustrated and either go back to the east or back home . 
  no , austria is not telling them to get into buses/trains headed for germany and instead locks them in camps ... 
  not to most humans on this planet though ... 
  is vatican city actually an eu member or just located in the eu ? 
  in austria boys get an additional form at birth to sign them up for the military . 
  afaik the us has drafts but no mandatory military service . 
  you mean germans , right ? 
  how about `` shortsbesoffen '' ? 
   when northern serbia was part of the austrian empire apparently it happened in austria then !, 
  i doubt that they have an ikea ... 
  yeah , so that 's the actual issue : slovenia is about 1/4th of austria , austria took about 100k asylum applications last year . 
  while that is probably too much and not sustainable , i do n't see much reason for slovenia and croatia to limit their influx since they are hardly `` full '' ( or housing any relevant number of refugees to begin with ) ... 
  this is just our lovely government trying to play domino on the balkans . 
  just do n't live in vienna then ... 
  it is getting too large anyways . 
  how many thousand did apply for asylum there yet ? 
  might get a few weird looks from the other goats in the mountain ... 
  austria is not in the nato , thankfully . 
  other than that , i assume that austria still has a bit of weight on the balkan ... 
  spanish ? 
  some even dare to vote or voice their opinion !, 
  not every asylum seeker is poor or has no passport . 
  read my comment again : you can get a visum , fly to austria and ask for asylum there as soon as you see someone from the police . 
  not very many people did , which is part of why we were not really prepared to a few thousand applications per month as in 2015 . 
  you can ask for asylum even if you have a visum . 
  meh , you can call these viennese whatever you want ... 
  austria is not on the edge of the eu any more ... and no , there is simply no reason at all to store fingerprint data of anyone - passport or not - if they are not in a criminal database . 
  because then jails would be full quickly and it is easier to just play the `` humanitarian '' card and just forward them to germany . 
  germany is getting more pissed about this by the day but they still do n't dare to act . 
   my id and a serbian id are machine-readable , but is that the case with pakistan ? 
  passports are standardized worldwide , all of them contain common fields and that machine readable strip in the bottom . 
   you do n't just wave your id and go ahead to belgrade ? 
  sure you do , i have yet to give a fingerprint at a border other than the usa ... 
   it is impossible for austria to be the first eu country a refugee entered . 
  airplanes do exist you know ... ? 
  they are not used anyways ( far less than 80 applications since these restrictions were put in place ) and to me it also sounds weird , as there is no `` rollover '' defined ( if today 20 people apply , can 80 or 80 + 60 = 140 people apply tomorrow ? ) ... 
  to me this seems like a nice thing to complain about in theory , in practice austria seems to be calling in a lot of favors in the balkan region to simply get out of the loop alltogether . 
  the begining is also great : first , get into position with your assault rifle . 
  then a weird looking alien attacks from the right . 
  quick !, 
  let 's grab a child while nobody 's looking , the basement is probably empty ... 
  put your helmet on and then start fighting the alien with the assault rifle + a backpack that is about as large as you are . 
  on what grounds exactly ? 
  no , austria currently has more refugees per capita than germany ... 
  limiting to 800 people per day in total would already cause some congestion at the borders and so far germany takes ( nearly ) all of them anyways - if they announce a daily limit that they would be comfortable with , i 'm sure the next day austria would enforce it . 
  he 's free to impose similar quotas , i 'm sure austria would cut down the current limit of transit refugees ( at the moment : 3200/day ) accordingly the next morning . 
  why , did the poles start shooting again ? 
  there is also a limit on transit asylum seekers ... 
  `` a few dozen policemen and soldiers , a flimsy fence and a couple dozen freezing , scared and confused people that mostly want to pass through to germany are spending the day mostly waiting on a parking lot next to the highway ... '', 
  how would female education be against left wing values ? 
  here mostly right wingers are more like `` hurr durr , girls go back to the kitchen and pop out some blond , blue eyed babies !, 
  no , i simply assume you are incompetent to judge german education unless you are working in that field professionally or have at least anecdotal first hand experience . 
  barbed wire fences ?!, 
  where exactly ? 
  there is a single border fence in austria , it has no barbed wire and it is a few hundred meters long . 
  you went to school in germany ? 
  interesting ... 
  yeah , a few years later we got rid of nobility , then had a catholic fascist state , then a german fascist state and then we settled on the current state after a decade of being ruled by 4 different nations ... none of that was mainly caused by muslims , so i hardly blame that law for it . 
  asylum claims , we will let in 3200 people per day of which 3120 or more will be moved to germany . 
  there are not thousands , more like maybe a thousand coming per day currently . 
  also by far most of them move to germany and do n't ask for asylum here . 
  learning about the holocaust is indoctrination ? 
  i usually donate money for them , since it would n't make much sense to go there personally . 
  i can walk to the next shelter in a few minutes though , so spending some free time there is easier and helps more nowadays than 2 years ago .
