  you could also go to salzburg ( one full day ) and linz or the wachau region for the other day instead of vienna . 
  not as well known abroad , yet still nice to visit and you might have more options to discover stuff for yourself . 
  while i liked prague for example , the hordes of tourists in the old town were a bit too much for me personally . 
  so no eu ... 
  then why extra virgin ? 
  the nectar of gods amongst men !, 
  probably some viennese magistrate office . 
  lazy enough to piss austrians off , racist enough to piss foreigners off , still kinda following the rules so there 's not much you can do and even if they eventually process your order you feel somehow cheated , yet still happy at the same time . 
  you are trying to appropriate the styrian harmonica ?!, 
  the austrian government is not elected , the chancellor is appointed by the president and chooses his/her ministers . 
  in reality , the president is presented with a coalition of parties and a suggestion who should be chancellor and it is more of a formal act . 
  because canada is not part of the eu and has different standards and procedures in some areas as well as close ties to the us economy which is a shit show in itself . 
  why do you do a documentation about it then ? 
  germans . 
  usually they are mobbed a until they leave or integrate . 
  i mean `` styria '' really is n't helping much since it ranges from mountains to hilly vineyards in the south . 
  in general there probably are sone nice hotels there for what op wants to do , so it really depends on the actual location and accomodation . 
  maybe the response time is a bit bad in the mountains , but we even have police there if necessary ... 
  that seems only reasonable if it is somehow apparent if a building is occupied in the first place ... 
  you have n't talked to a romanian about gypsies , hm ? 
  being racist does n't mean hating all others that are not from your country , that is called xenophobia . 
  furthermore , many racists seem to be ok with others as long as they are the bosses and clearly better . 
  the cotton farmer in the usa probably was quite ok with his cheap slave workforce , the racism did n't extend so far as to only hire white workers and pay them well ... edit : last but not least , most recent eastern immigrants here are `` economic refugees/migrants '' who come here firstly to earn money , not to join the society . 
  austria for example has `` fucking '' to offer ( which is not that far from petting , bavaria by the way ) . 
  there are also some funny names in german . 
  yes , and a boot shaped one on the other cheek ... 
  i love the tea from what-cha , it is not heavily branded though . 
  the real good recipes are written , erased , corrected and rewritten on paper and stashed away by countless grandmas around the country in scrapbooks . 
  also even with the recipe you wo n't be able to make it her way , because `` oh well , i always take double the amount of butter and substitute almonds with hazelnuts in that recipe '' . 
  probably some private photo albums , if the whole country goes down and all books are destroyed everywhere ( even abroad ) i 'm not going to start into the new world order with 3 highly illegal books to carry around ... 
  how rampant and deadly is drunk driving in the us ? 
  then i can try to find the statistics for austria ... about `` deadly '' : in 2015 15 people were killed on austrian roads because of alcohol . 
  then again these numbers might not even be 100 % comparable to the exact same statistic from the us since cars are used differently around here and there 's better public transport infrastructure . 
   i use telegram . 
  fully open source . 
  the full ( ! ), 
  source code is where exactly ? 
  you would need to send an international text no matter where i am on the globe , since i have a non-us phone number ... 
  too many mountains for real `` high speed '' , but in general i take the train if i have to do work during the travelling or want to be more comfortable . 
  the alternative for me is taking a bus , not the car . 
  of people abroad only buy your stuff because it is cheap , sooner or later someone else will be cheaper . 
  what makes you think there would n't be ? 
  maaaybe diluted mountain dew with less sweetness might be somehow comparable , at least from the general taste `` direction '' ( almdudler has no caffeine ) . 
  taste and smell is notoriously hard to describe , you can maybe try to just get one bottle at a speciality soda store ? 
  when i went to spain and i saw people party , i thought to myself ... 
  so he gets no tax cuts or subsidized loans ? 
  it 's only offensive if you ask `` so your great-grandparents were austrians , then ? '', 
  i guess the startup population simply used to be smaller in general compared to europe , also famous people more likely will have some wealth that helps their kids , grandkids etc. 
  survive and lastly , if you have a famous ancestor , you 're more likely to also tell your relatives about it . 
  nobody remembers uncle joe who drowned when he was drunk again in 1890 but being a descendant of mark twain himself !, 
  omg !, 
  time to tell your children that they need to remember and tell their grandchildren about this !, 
  because they put all kinds of weird stuff in their fermented hops tea and still dare to call it beer ... 
  make europe poor again !, 
  he lived in vienna for quite a while . 
  depends on what you 're wearing . 
   but when i look at our history i see that our ancestors considered themselves german . 
  german in the sense of belonging to the germanic culture ( as opposed to romanic or slavic origins ) . 
  what is meant by being `` deutsch '' throughout history varies a lot . 
  you have n't lived in austria for a few weeks/months/years , right ? 
  ( tm ) really though , it looks more like a new toy line from mattel than something where you want to go to . 
  this does neither extend to all us states not all european countries . 
  the english speaking comparison to the issue i hear most often is ireland vs. uk . 
  they are kinda the same in some ways and kinda not . 
  a big issue historically is also that `` german '' ( aka . 
  `` deutsch '' ) was used as ethnic identifier for anyone in the german speaking world or culture . 
  while in other countries/nations there is a distinctive word for national and supernational culture ( `` slavs '' vs. `` ukrainians '' or `` scandinavians '' vs. `` swedes '' ) , especially austrians lack this distinction . 
  combined with a relatively young country ( before the 20th century , austria was not exactly a tiny , purely german speaking country ) and issues from the 19th century ( pangermanism or gro\u00dfdeutsche / kleindeutsche l\u00f6sung ) that echoed into the 20th century a `` austrian ethnicity '' is often even debated as nonexistant . 
  germans moving to austria and expecting just another german state , just with a different nationality definitely experience a culture shock ( which is a different thing than being amazed/shocked by a different culture , but much closer to the medical state of being in shock ) , so in that sense we are maybe more different than we think . 
  on the other hand , it is much easier to get started in a different country if you are already native in the language , accent or not and its not like the cultures are 100 % different . 
  in general and according to a lot of cultural indicators and benchmarks austrians tend to measure closer towards the center in everything compared to germans . 
  if this is an indicator for indecisiveness or better cultural adaptibility and flexibility ... 
  i do n't know . 
  a highly accurate documentary !, 
  not really _ hate _ you , just remind you that you are not from there , even if you lived there for decades . 
  just look for places ( in old maps , e.g. 
  on mapire ) with `` deutsch - '' vs. `` windisch - '' . 
  same principle , one means in the german part , the other one in the slovenian part . 
  since others might still read that thread , in general i 'd say that flexibility is just another cost factor . 
  if you want to stay as flexible as possible , buying tickets and booking ho ( s ) tels just as you go , it might be a bit more expensive than researching for bargains in advance . 
  on the other hand it is not as big a factor as comfort/luxury , so if you want to stay at a luxurious hotel instead of a cheap hostel or take a high speed train instead of a bus this will likely be more price difference than arriving in a city with no fixed place to sleep . 
  that 's not cold at all . 
  decimeters are `` dm '' , not `` dcm '' . 
  i do n't use decimeters in my daily life . 
  volumetric measurements suck . 
  also it is much easier to put a pot on a scale and add ingredients than to use several cups for measurements . 
  100 meters would be 1 hectometer , 1 decimeter is 10 centimeters or 100 millimeters . 
  since this is switzerland specific , maybe ask in their local subreddit ... ? 
  yeah , it 's just weird that for example the austrian flag they oh so rebelliously display would actually cause issues with austrians too ... 
  `` sound of music '' takes place in a catholic , fascist country , not a democracy . 
  maybe for small , non-euro countries but not in the eurozone . 
  credits denominated in swiss francs were popular in the past though . 
  there 's a real struggle in german about that . 
  my female friend and my girlfriend are both `` meine freundin '' . 
  usually you can fix it by saying `` a friend '' and `` my friend '' in the female form though . 
  integration and assimilation are different concepts . 
  `` sure , come to the basement ... '' for real though , larger cities often have public faucets , as long as you also consume something else , tap water is still often free at restaurants and you can carry a bottle of water with you . 
  because you can just drink from the tap ... 
  easy . 
  hitting on girls successfully .
