  they earn more money because of this already , also they have special gear and training to cope with these situations . 
  if you want to value their service , why not push for better pay for example ? 
  to me thanking someone for their service or `` paying respect '' is kinda like praying for a better world ... maybe a nice gesture to make yourself feel better , but not helping and probably even damaging since it is already `` enough '' to thank or respect them . 
  fire inspectors ( you know , those people in suits with checklists walking through buildings and annoying their owners by making sure regulations are met ) save probably far more children from being stuck in a burning building than firemen . 
  i have yet to see anyone thank them for their service or glorify their efforts . 
  feel free to thank or praise a certain firefighting person that went above and beyond and who saved a child . 
  the issue is that every service person seems to be assumed to be one of these actual heroes or at least capable of being one if the situation arises and just waiting for their chance . 
  this is signified by the criticism of `` thank you for your service '' rather than `` thank you for your actions '' ( or `` thanks for making your career choice '' rather than `` thanks for doing a good job in your job '' , your example falls into the second , not criticized category ) . 
  please show a sample picture of a neutral common landscape that belongs to the alpine region but does not depict a landscape belonging to a certain country ( e.g. 
  a famous peak ) . 
  neutrality at the higher levels and diversity in the smaller things is kinda one of the strengths of europe imho . 
  i rather comment than vote , especially on random questions . 
  there is low enough post volume here that votes do n't matter much to what 's on the `` hot '' page anyways . 
  60 or 70g ? 
  is this a meal for ants ?!, 
  ok , let 's say you eat 1 % of your body 's weight of something that 's 10 \u00b0 c hotter than your body ( so you do n't burn your mouth immediately ) . 
  this would mean that you 'd be able to heat up all your 70kg by 1 % of these 10 \u00b0 or by 0.1 \u00b0 c. 
  not a lot , but also not negligible . 
  if you eat/drink warmer stuff or more of it ( a bowl of warm soup is usually more than 60-70g and often has a delta-t of more than 10 \u00b0 - imagine drinking a cup of tea/coffee , 200 + ml of 60 + \u00b0 hot water ) , this can be even higher . 
   even drinking 100 \u00b0 c coffee is not going to warm up your body significantly . 
  it will however make you sweat more , since your body believes it is getting much warmer - this will actually cool down your body ( which is why people in deserts even drink hot tea ) . 
  it is however not really a desired feature , so it is rather avoided . 
  looking at the hydraulic press channel stuff , yeah finland definitely has a certain eastern european vibe to it . 
  firefighters quite rarely fight actual fires to begin with . 
  also the idea itself of thanking someone just because they do any kind of job instead of for a particular reason ( `` thanks for keeping my or their house from burning down '' vs. `` thanks for doing what you signed up for and are paid to do '' ) makes a difference . 
  non qualified worker ? 
  either marry a native or have a lot of money . 
  cheap and awesome holidays ? 
  just go to eastern europe !, 
  this will be quite expensive since car rentals charge extra if you cross borders . 
  also make sure to read up on legal requirements in countries along the way ( e.g. 
  paying for highway stickers , having a spare set of lights ready ... ) . 
  i guess you have a german driving license ? 
  most economical would be to take a bus or train and rent a car in serbia . 
  german is also good for austria , switzerland , liechtenstein and parts of others countries , french is also spoken widely around the globe . 
  pedophilia is a crime in the us ? 
  i thought only child abuse and probably possession of media too ... 
  also having fractions of a dollar as coin ( nickel , dime ... ) but not actually putting these fractions on the coin is a bit ... weird . 
  beer, 
  you just call them pakistanis . 
  proportionate measures to stop against attacks on life , wellbeing/health , bodily harm/integrity , freedom or wealth of yourself or others . 
  especially the wealth part usually goes further than most us laws in that regard . 
  europe is not a country though , so there will be differences . 
  in estonia i guess they just check their citizen card which probably also will tell you if you are registered in tallinn . 
  my city ( ~ 300k people ) has free trams for everyone in the city center ( a handful of stations ) so it is easier to go shopping or to get around . 
  the way it is implemented is that they just do n't check tickets in this area . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/4jge9l/what_term_did_the_british_use_to_refer_to_the/ the thread above has some good points in what a revolution even means and if the armed conflict that you refer to can be considered as one . 
  stuff that happened overseas does n't count !, 
  this really depends on your own taste . 
  buy a bottle of each , try them out next to a good bottle of local beer and see for yourself . 
  because these few toilets in city centres are overrun by filthy tourists and need to be cleaned more often . 
  it also deters junkies and hobos . 
  they fell a bit , just like in past years . 
  probably a bit more , since more people arrived but about the same number of crimes took place . 
  also there is a distinction between asylum seekers and immigrants that you might want to read up on ... 
  most nazis are above 90 years old these days ... 
  this is not / r/europemeta . 
  ask on / r/europemeta, 
  i served on the military and it was not a shitty amateur job with very dumb people ... 
  he holds quite a lot of power , but no president so far has actually used it in any significant way . 
  hofer promised a `` neues amtsverst\u00e4ndnis '' and that people will be amazed what a president is able to do . 
  austria has mandatory military service too , but you use military ( category a ) weapons there mostly which you are n't allowed to own as a civilian . 
  the basic weapon is the steyr aug ( `` bullpup '' in counterstrike ) . 
  having been in the military , i 'm not too eager to shoot anything since . 
  probably having a `` professional '' army leads to more glorification of soldiers and wars in general . 
  you probably mean switzerland where conscripts get to keep their assault rifle ( and other gear ) and take it home . 
  they used to also get some ammunition for it ( to be able to fight their way to the nearest military post ) , but this practice was abolished in 2008 or so . 
  dude , you should have stopped going to the ladies room at the point you were using their sink as an urinal !, 
  sounds like a pretty standard green voter to me , maybe except for the anti abortion stance , depending on how `` frowned upon '' looks in reality . 
  for lakes : carinthia / `` k\u00e4rnten '' ( in german ) for mountains and farms : anywhere in the alps or on the countryside really . 
  innsbruck is really nice , i personally would skip neuschwanstein ( loads of tourists and it just looks like on pictures in the best case , nothing really to do there besides looking ) . 
  you could try the salzkammergut area around hallein , bad aussee and hallstatt , beautiful area and nice stuff to do even on rainy days ( e.g. 
  visiting a salt mine ) . 
  if you want to go the german route , maybe visit the europapark instead of neuschwanstein ? 
  in austria you could choose between hiking in the mountains and/or living in a hut or farm versus a nice holiday on the lakeside . 
  depends on your kids what they prefer , i remember not being thrilled visiting and walking through cities . 
  i liked museums though , so that was nice . 
  i rather dislike the bad writing and cinematography about the more recent marvel movies , so i have n't watched the current one . 
  i do n't get how winter soldier for example can be considered anything but low average , yet some people seem to be totally amazed by it and it has huge scores on rotten tomatoes . 
  spoken like a true swamp german ... 
  looks like the sink at the anatomy institute where you wash your hands after touching corpses ... 
  i checked and there 's a certain size ( e.g. 
  a restaurant/cafe ) of your business after which you need to start providing toilets to staff/customers . 
  as it gets larger and larger , you need to start to provide separate facilities for men/women , it is not allowed to have e.g. 
  only unisex toilets or only have rooms with only stalls and others with only pissoirs . 
  i do n't think people would get very upset by a trans person entering the `` wrong '' facilities , at least not to the point of threatening legal action or demanding laws to change . 
  i 've sometimes seen little kids of both sexes in the men 's toilets because they are with their dad or the women 's ones were full and it was apparently urgent enough to skip the line . 
  similarly for some women if their toilets are crowded . 
  dunno how people would react if someone constantly switches toilets because of their personal views instead of their biology or external factors . 
  probably some weird looks or some comments , i doubt that it would come to a national crisis , as in the usa apparently . 
  or more realistically : waste the time on reddit !, 
  you could try the marathon marathon ( running from marathon to athens and then collapsing + dying there ) ? 
  next time you can watch `` was n\u00fctzt die liebe in gedanken '' and see if they kill themselves ... alternatively you can read werther by g\u00f6the , it is said to also have had this effect . 
  from the ones i 've been to : nuremberg . 
  depends on how many days you have , but for a shirt trip it is definitely nice . 
  dietrich means lockpick in german , no idea what an induction hob even might be without googling it . 
  not banned and some unfortunate guys are named `` adolf '' ( often e.g. 
  because their grandfather was also called adolf ) . 
  not the end of the world but definitely a social stigma and lady boner killer close to `` kevinism '' ( http://de.uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/kevinismus ) . 
  she/he asked for types of alcohol , not which alcoholic drink is the cheapest .
