  because bosnians were austrian too , so for far longer than your country exists , austria has had a law that accepts islam as officially recognized religion . 
  there apparently also was an issue since on that day holidays started in some states while the viennese muslims decided on that date because it is at the end of their holidays ... also there are apparently still large differences between the communities , since under the new law they now need to be more organized . 
  staffing and organizing an open day with half your members not available because of holidays was apparently also hard for some . 
  probably it will get better in time , since they now need to be more centrally organized . 
  these are partly vatican teachings , not canadian ones . 
  paywalled ... 
  cute , please cite the source of that third hand rewritten piece of garbage that thelocal.at is ... 
  thelocal gets weirder and more right wing by the day ... before they only translated some tabloid newss , now they seem to take on a more aggressive writing style . 
  what is the `` central european news '' source anyways ? 
  sure , feel free to spend money on a `` let 's build a church in mekka '' kickstarter campaign !, 
  scientology is not a religious community in austria and the catholics charge taxes , as you probably know . 
   to import unknown persons with doubtful education ( if any ) and from countries like saudi arabia they are funded , not from saudi arabia , just like a lot of things in your country are foreign funded . 
  mandatory conscription , no nato and strict neutrality , as well as a gdp per capita probably higher than all baltic countries combined ? 
  sure ... 
  well , referring to the us : it was discussed quite a bit if edward snowden could get asylum in germany or not . 
  at least in austria there 's an initial plausibility check when applying , so if little green aliens have abducted you and you are now on the run from them while your government is trying to cover it all up , you 'll not be able to even hand in an application ... 
  source ? 
  refugee is someone who gets granted asylum or subsidiary protection , not someone who applied for it or is still on the run without filing an application . 
  if asylum is granted , yes . 
  until then he 'd be an asylum seeker . 
  please cite the sentence that states that only the first border crossing is protected ... you wo n't find it in the geneva convention at least . 
  you confuse geneva and dublin : geneva mandates a safe country , dublin is an agreement between eu countries that all of them will use the same criteria for selecting that country ( typically first entry ) . 
  making sure he can be vice chancellor under strache next term ... 
  there would be a few thousand soldiers at the austrian border the next day ... slovenia is in the nato , they are free to ask their buddies for assistance . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  if you try to go to austria , you might end up on an island in tuvalu or nauru ... 
  whom did austria threaten ? 
  yeah , it is so much better if they join isis to have a chance of a good life ... 
  austria : the ones you actually know . 
  also , what 's up with that weird german guy claiming that austria was germany too ?!, 
  how do you believe more than 1 person in this picture is 14 years old ?!, 
  when was the last time you saw an actual teenager ? 
   this is because europe has simply no way to `` test '' an age `` europe '' is not a country , in austria at least there are definitely medical age tests as soon as it is not clear that the person in question is definitely a certain age . 
  267 people , of which 37 are newborns and 54 more children --  91 of 267 is ~ 1/3 children affected . 
  this is a significant amount . 
  my best guess would be to ask someone from the czech republic about that . 
  :d traditionally filled with apricot jelly or maaaaybe vanilla pudding , if you 're fancy . 
  everything else is considered heresy . 
  also they need to be covered in a thick layer of sugar . 
  i can only recommend that you talk to a few people that recently arrived and get to know them and their stories instead of making wild assumptions . 
  just learn proper german !, 
   most of them have internet access and/or sufficient ressources to pick up a few old language textbooks to study and you know that because ... ?!, 
  this article is mostly about the situation in the duiska stadium in vienna , definitely not a place where you want to spend any time , free or not . 
   learning german and/or english and more about the local culture & laws should be the first thing they should attempt regardless of their situation . 
  german courses are only offered for people who already got asylum - which currently can take about a year or more until your application is through . 
  he sems to talk a lot about european values that eed to be upheld , even if it means breaking human rights . 
  which are these exactly ? 
   i blame the sexualization of nudity as much on american cultural influence . 
  i blame the fact that nearly every adult person in public has a high resolution camera with internet access ready and often even in their hands in public . 
   i wonder why migrants are n't scrambling to apply for asylum in any of those countries ? 
  austria has more asylum seekers per inhabitant than germany ... we 're just ~ 1/10th the total size . 
  where is this report ? 
   accordingly to international law which one ? 
  if you say `` geneva convention '' , please cite the part that states this . 
  yeah , it is a slightly bad translation from the german source ... 
  you want a trump ? 
  that 's how you get a trump ... 
  it is also slightly mistranslated . 
  well , tallinn used to be a german outpost too ( aka . 
  instead of locking them up in camps , put them in databases , including iris scans , id scans and finger prints . 
  if they try to move outside of the country , allow other countries to check against these databases . 
  get unhcr and the eu involved to help setting up camps ( the concept is long existing anyways , called `` hotspots '' currently ) and to use eu 's power in making sure that countries take back their citizens instead of bribing erdogan to build these camps instead . 
  websites are deployed continuously and do n't just have to serve one very important page every few years one single time , then get disassembled and rebuilt a few years later with a more recent os etc. 
  can you vote online right now e.g. 
  in some kind of test mode and then get the result of these fake elections e.g. 
  once a day or once per hour ? 
  this is how you 'd test website security : on a test system or at least somewhere where you get results as fast as possible . 
  oh and by the way : this is the code : https://github.com/vvk-ehk/evalimine it is written mostly in estonian ( !, 
  ) , nobody is allowed to change it ( so how would you test its security ? 
  ) , it is not kept up-to-date , only at every election the then current version gets added , commits and code is n't even signed ... also it is not published under an open source license , it is at most a `` source available '' software . 
  also no information on what hardware to deploy this stuff for example . 
  if austria made it 's health card available for foreigners , you 'd also be able to sign contracts , start a company online , pay taxes , go to the doctor , send money from your bank account etc. 
  i know that estonia tries to be a ~ ~ money laundering center ~ ~ ~ ~ tax haven ~ ~ hip and modern startup and entrepreneurship supporting country and yes , it is an interesting way to do it . 
  calling it `` e-residency '' though pushes it a bit far imho . 
  ;-) the concept itself is quite nice , if you want to attract more companies with your 0 tax policy without requiring them to actually be headquartered in the north . 
  this is how a tax id works ... 
  februar - feber in austrian german . 
  more rarely used than j\u00e4nner though . 
  the age tests like hand x-rays have quite large error rates , they are just the best and cheapest test we know so far ... 
  if you 'd check at the entrance of a night club all the same ( where lots of people lie about their age ) you 'd also have a quite large error rate . 
  so where are the full hardware schemes down to the logic implementation for the counting servers that make sure that only rom memory is used for firmware ? 
  who ensures that the chips in that machines are really rom chips and not misprinted ? 
  how ? 
  and what if the firmware on that rom is flawed ( where is the source code for that by the way ? 
  i did n't find it so far , only the counting software far higher up the stack ) ? 
  i thought it is just a glorified tax id + qualified signature certificate on a smart card ? 
  the code for very popular malware is also open source . 
  also the code for lots of security critical software like openssl is even free software , still it had some huge bugs . 
  what happens if on election day a remote execution bug in the linux kernel is discovered ? 
  so in order to convince you that there are flaws , you would require someone to manipulate an election and come out afterwards and show how it was done ? 
  wtf ? 
  on civilians that are for a large part fleeing war ? 
   yeah because greek navy should bomb the boats , let people to drown , and shot anybody who tries to came closer to the land . 
  are you for serious ? 
  nope , as i already wrote :  take in the refugees and do n't forward them to macedonia and onward until their refugee status has been confirmed according to the geneva convention . 
  the border to protect ist the one towards macedonia ( and in extension : slovenia and hungary ) , not the sea towards turkey . 
  nope , but the alternative is redistribution of refugees - which a lot of countries seem to be strongly against . 
  sweden , germany and austria did what they could ( according to some : even more than they should ) in 2015 to help . 
  2016 will be different . 
  the big question is how ...
