  because banks do n't make laws . 
  also they have huge amounts of security issues , but usually cover them up with money or `` customer service '' . 
  if an online election goes wrong , what will you do ? 
  offer 3 seats to the opposition ? 
  they are published where ? 
  especially weak opsec and some design problems seem hard to `` argue '' against . 
  i do n't earn that much , so it 's more of a matter of clicking through . 
  maybe 5 minutes or less . 
  offer free ferries to turkey ( if possible ) , ferries to greek mainland can be borded only after an id check . 
  not an eu citizen/no schengen visa/no official refugee status ? 
  - no ferry for you . 
  they do n't exactly swim to germany ... 
   so , what is the greek military supposed to do when human traffickers deliberately sink their own boats and leave refugees to drown ? 
  take in the refugees and do n't forward them to macedonia and onward until their refugee status has been confirmed according to the geneva convention . 
   what the fuck can greece do ? 
  protect its borders or ask for help if it is n't capable to do so itself ( which is - considering that it has a huge military - a bit of a stretch to begin with ) . 
  austria too , i can ( and do ) sign banking transactions with my health insurance card for years for example , do my taxes online with it ... 
   some conference in some foreign country 31c3 in germany . 
  they address the criticism in the talk , anyways - if there is valid criticism it does n't get invalidated by messing up disclosure , right ? 
  traditionally letter voters in austria vote more green than the box voters , which often leads to minor shifts in seats awarded to parties . 
  i would guess that the kind of people attracted to online voting would also vote in general differently than `` traditional '' box voters . 
  probably there are statistics about this , but i do n't exactly speak estonian ... 
  just look to your ethno-spiritual-organic-astrology-ufology etc. 
  community . 
  you 'll probably find plenty there ... 
  they are allowed to work as soon as their status is confirmed , which currently takes longer than it should ... until then they still get shelter , food and some pocket money for basic expenses . 
  unprecedented levels ? 
  seriously ? 
  at the border , not when booking a room ... 
  i doubt that , since there are no real issues or needs in that regard at the moment . 
  i rather guess that `` common policy '' means establishing a common policy ... 
  effectively they already have this at the moment - you can only enter austria as a refugee if you want to ask for asylum in austria or germany . 
  unlimited traffic with 150/50 mbit lte costs 45 $ / month in austria and there are cheaper options too ... 30 gb/month seems a bit low and useless to me . 
  ( https://www.drei.at/portal/de/privat/tarife/internet-tarife/internet-fuer-zuhause/ ), 
  and people complain that austrian lumber companies cut down trees there ... / s, 
  also : what about antarctica ? 
  in austria too : nationally the state itself through schools , a state hired company from switzerland ( ors ) and church ngos ( caritas ) tackle the issue mostly , locally lots of smaller ngos . 
  there is an umbrella organization called asylkoordination ( asylum coordination - http://www.asyl.at/ ) that might be able to help to find ngos that are specifically targeted towards integration , from housing initiatives to language courses etc. . 
  after a certain viral video , i checked out ylvis and kollektivet - thanks to sporadic subtitles and a germanic language their stuff is still kinda funny , even if i do n't understand everything . 
   norway , finland , switzerland and iceland one is not like the others ... 
  sometimes able but not willing i guess . 
  from pizzera https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-wxbwt4dne is also nice . 
  you mean like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ch74fhd9cpq ( weird video - trigger warning !!! 11 ) ? 
  yeah , well ... it is easy to recognize , but on the other hand it is usually easy to understand too . 
  there are actual dialects in germany too however , these can be as fun and cryptic as austrian and swiss ones !, 
  your point being ? 
  lots of countries have lots of problems . 
  if ones that austria has contracts and partnerships with have problems , they get help first . 
  many of these countries are in nato and un by the way , they can lobby for more payments to unhcr or ask for military assistance if they do n't manage on their own ... 
  only greece is part of the schengen agreement of the mentioned countries ... serbia and macedonia ( aka . 
  fyrom ) are not even in the eu . 
   modern power plants like dukovany and temelin `` modern '' ... well , maybe compared to burning coal i guess . 
   nearly had a commie east like germany . 
  huh ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_austria for reference ... sickle and hammer are not the only symbols on there and unlike the typical communist notion of having them close together ( to show that the proletariat - farmers and workers - sticks together ) the middle class/city dwellers are also represented . 
   the majority of vienese people are just arseholes pure and simple agreed !, 
  d'awww ... you can always visit of course , or move here !, 
  yeah , but they speak hungarian there ... 
  \\* wink , wink , nudge , nudge , say no more ! \\*, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfxadoyl-1s ( or in germany : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfxl27nune0 ), 
   before this mass migration were women also living under a threat of sexual assault ? 
  yes . 
  the only difference seems to have been the scale . 
  just harmless little pranks , everybody loves the excitement that comes with having a swat team bashing in the door of your grandmother !, 
  this database altready exists since 2003 ( eurodac ) and there is also another one ( aida ) . 
  also introducing such id cards is already being done in germany and imho it sets a very dangerous precedent - first only asylum seekers get `` chipped '' , then maybe also criminals , then anyone who wants to ( `` hey , you can even pay using your great government tracking id card ! '' ), 
  and sooner or later we are at an estonian situation where the government basically owns your idendity and they are even proud of it . 
  nope , there was a different protest by feminist and women 's organizations too - they did n't throw stuff at the police though ... 
  because there are only young and badly integrated men there ... 
  because at that time only a handful of people had complained and the main issue seemed to be drunk idiots setting of fireworks . 
  does it take into account the water wars of the 2040s and the rise of the penguin overlords in 2054 ? 
  depends on the country ... 
  / r/trees disagrees ... 
  i thought that cork comes from oaks that are mainly grown in spain ? 
  i guess i have to confirm with mrs. google ... 
   because abandoned towns do n't have water , electricity , heating or facilities to provide for food and other consumable necessities of life . 
  on top of that , asylum seekers need to meet with the local authorities far more often than your average citizen - thus making ( cheap ) public transport important . 
   there are also sweet variations ... wtf ? 
  chopped chocolate bars , apples and frosting is n't considered sweet already ? 
  from the pictures it looks like diabetics puke than a salad , but then again i never tasted the stuff , so maybe it even is really good ? 
  unsa bluat is koa himbeasoft . 
  should be enough . 
  i usually just assume ignorance ( `` in europe !? 
  i thought that 's a country !, 
  '' ) , not intricate knowledge of english accents . 
  that 's because we ( mostly ) speak a dialect from the same dialect group and live in a very similar environment ( alps ) . 
  if you were in schengen , you could actually do that ... 
  austrians = germans ( or `` ethnical '' germans ) . 
  nope . 
  no , we are not a monarchy ( saw this in a front-page post recently ) . 
  neither the `` put a shrimp on the barbie '' nor comments about kangaroos are funny , it is ok to stop and think of better ones . 
  obliged by which treaty ? 
  dublin 2 is eu specific and the geneva convention does not have such a clause . 
  the regulations are about 1 a4 paper of text and bit very hard to find - i recommend to read them directly . 
  ok , i meant decided depending on country of origin , not transit . 
  why does denmark let them do that ? 
  in 2014 with austria not on that chart for example ... 
  refugee status is granted by country of origin , not country of transit . 
  not part of the dublin agreement , so no . 
  which is also part of the dublin agreement - countries can choose to ignore it for humanitarian reasons .
