  i thought night life in spain was like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzld81ihgqw, 
  probably somewhere on the countryside , citys are usually more expensive . 
   i live near boston with all the irish people . 
  i 'm kinda doubting that there are many irish people in boston ... 
  there might be americans that have irish ancestors though ? 
  petting in bavaria is just half an hour away from fucking ... 
  maybe for vienna , but not sure about whole austria . 
  with trump that only bears the risk that they drop a nuke on sydney , we ca n't risk the lives of poor aussies !, 
  i wanted to check out these tours once , but they are too expensive if you 're not serious about that stuff . 
  austria too for example . 
  it is known . 
  why do you use opera ? 
  no , it is far more ironical that way . 
  nah , it 's actually easier if you do n't have to carry tents and stuff with you all the time . 
  we had hipsters before they were cool in the us !, 
  how many weeks/months did you calculate for that ? 
  a through-hike of austria alone will take quite a while and wild camping is always illegal below the tree line and often above tree line too ( depends on the state ) . 
  border controls wo n't be much of an issue , at most you might be asked to show your passport , so do n't forget them at home . 
  in general , please be aware that even though you already seem to be quite experienced hikers , every area has its challenges . 
  english should be fine , if you speak german , even better ( though dialects might be tricky ) but make sure that you 100 % understand what others said or recommended you . 
  about tours : check out http://www.bergfex.com/ it is the english version of a rather popular page that has an incredible amount of hikes and tours including maps etc. 
  since you already have mountain leaders with you , i guess you 'll be in good hands anyways , just remember to never leave a place without water , a map , some food , warm clothes and a destination ( that you have told to others !, 
  these things are not mutually exclusive ... 
  too romance language centered , if you want a pseudo-romance language , you can use latin proper . 
  latin and bitcoin . 
  i 'm not sure if many public transport buses cross the borders , in general though in austria it would be possible ( but really expensive ) to go everywhere only via public transport buses . 
  the expensive part comes from the fact that it is not really intended to be a means for long distance travel ( so anything above roughly 90 minutes ) and prices are relatively high compared to long distance options like trains or long distance bus lines that do n't stop at every farm house . 
  is n't that the same ? 
  from what i find , yeah , should be fine . 
  edit : you 'll get blankets + mattress + pillow, 
  first google hit for `` rent an elephant '' : http://www.havetrunkwilltravel.com/ i 'm sure there are even more elephant rentals out there . 
  i would expect about 20 $ per night , depending on the size of the bedroom and the hut . 
  it can be a bit cheaper if you are a member of the alpine association ( called `` alpenverein '' in german ) . 
  make sure to pack a `` hut sleeping bag '' - more or less a sleeping bag without insulation - since it is not economical or in some cases possible to constantly wash , dry and iron bed sheets in the mountains . 
  for reference , you can find small snow patches at ~ 2400m in the beginning of july . 
  yes , in many states in austria it is illegal to camp above the tree line ( it is always illegal below unless you have express permission by the land owner ) unless it is an actual emergency - there are by far enough huts though , so there 's not really any need to anyways . 
  backpacking is not mountaineering !, 
  make sure to read up and gear up accordingly . 
  there are lots of good hikes and long distance trails all over the alps . 
  not so sure about may , you might still run into issues with snow or avalanches or at least cold weather and some huts might still be closed . 
  www.bergfex.at has a lot of routes for example . 
  just as a general reminder : every year about 1 person per day dies in the alps . 
  please do n't be one of them . 
  edit : just to make sure , this is directed at any reader in general , not just op . 
  unless you are already experienced in the area , please do n't assume just because you know your way around on a different continent or climate that you automatically also will do fine in the alps . 
  the same applies the other way around - i 'd never start trekking around a desert for example without a lot of preparation and probably a guide . 
  just because europe might seem small and infrastructure is good does not mean that you are n't capable of getting lost , falling to your death or freezing to death in summer there . 
  do n't let this scare you from enjoying nature , but please act responsibly . 
  freakin ' hipsters from berlin ... 
  it just does n't get used much though . 
  not in software usually , probably rather in areas like workplace protection or safety equipment . 
  must be the foreigners then , importing their clusterfuckery !, 
  / triggered life after burgenland is just one big zogdi ... 
  well , i was at the hungarian border , no steiermark for me . 
  some examples would be that gender and sex both translate to `` das geschlecht '' or that safety and security translate both to `` die sicherheit '' . 
  as clusterfucks do n't exist in the german speaking area , it is hard to find a word for this ... ;-), 
  am i a veteran because i had military service and was deployed as a border guard ( but still inside the country ) ? 
  biggest combatants were hedgehogs and wild boars though as well as sleep deprivation in general ... 
  got some sample speeches ? 
  it might be a bit stereotypical or not an activity that defines your personality much unless you are actually travelling a lot . 
  `` i was in italy 3 years ago '' is a bit different from `` every year i try to visit 5 countries where i 've never been before '' . 
  but ... do you own a spork ? 
  what do you propose instead ? 
  1 person = 1 vote might be a problem if a lot of persons believe in a `` bad thing '' , but there it is relatively hard to force others into existence ( raising kids + making sure that they are doing as you tell them takes a while ) . 
  money weighted systems ( e.g. 
  1000 gbp invested in the `` national voter 's fund '' = 1 vote ) would favour others , but still have the same problem that it is just depending on who gets more money instead of who convinces more people . 
  it is hard to agree or disagree with what your beliefs are and clearly i have different experiences than you . 
  the thing is that democracy offers you at least a way to actively fight whatever you think is negatively affecting you . 
  other forms of government mostly do n't . 
  i do n't know what democracy is `` hyped to be '' , but it is a compromise finding mechanism , not a everyone-will-be-happy mechanism . 
  that is besides the point , while you can of course say whatever you want , you are not going to change the definition of a refugee just because you would do it differently yourself . 
  my taxes are used to house refugees better than i would be able to do privately by the way . 
  edit : i do n't want to convince you to take in anyone , i want to convince you to use proper terminology . 
  did you mean lebanon ? 
  then please mark your opinion as such , eg by writing `` i think they are not refugees if ... '' instead of `` they are not refugees if ... '' because by definition they are while you apparently disagree with the definition . 
  he totally did nazi that coming , amirite ? 
  in canadian : sorry , i wish canada had functional urban planning , ey ? 
  we also had a referendum about the topic , but changing the constitution for the eu is not exactly a popular topic , let me tell you that much ... 
  against the austrian constitution then ( as well as the reason austria even was allowed to exist by amongst others the uk ) . 
  well , i did n't want to join the army either , but i was forced to . 
  which is part of the argument , i do n't want to join an army where i my life is on the line just because some idiot in some far away country that i did n't elect did something stupid and dragged the whole union in the conflict . 
  ex soldier and still potential conscript and i do n't see what benefits should be compared to stronger defence capabilities ( you do n't need an eu wide army for that ) . 
   and we should finally create that damn eu army . 
  how about no ? 
  join the military for a while and then tell me if you changed your opinion on that topic . 
  similar with our little trump here , people rather seem to vote against the other party or the establishment than for the actual candidate . 
  this definitely should stay illegal . 
  streams are only legal from sources that are not illegal . 
  let 's go to club vandersexxx !, 
  ( edit : from the highly recommended documentary `` eurotrip '' ), 
  well , there 's `` gesinde '' ( workers at your place ) or `` gesindel '' ( unwanted people in general ) . 
  maybe some similarities or changed meaning there ... ? 
  au is australia , at is austria . 
  you can store your ammo at your range and you can of course take it elsewhere . 
  if you are i to weapons for sport , i do n't see why you should be able to fire them outside a range . 
  if it is just recreational , i do n't see why you should take guns and especially ammo into your home . 
  my viru valge bottle just says `` vodka '' , but i 'll believe you ... 
  more a town really . 
  there are roman settlements too in styria , they are older but not in good shape . 
  it used to be ...
