  oh the horrors !, 
  `` the people coming across the border who might or might not apply for asylum '' you mean ... they are illegals until the moment they say they want to apply for asylum ( which makes them refugees at that point ) or show some id + visa ( if applicable ) . 
   if you believe his statement without proof , then you 're delusional . 
  agreed , from what i heard from first repsonders and hospital personel i know personally it sounds more believable than your claim :  i can say these `` refugees '' are raping and killing many locals without proof . 
  will you believe me ? 
  murder is quite rare in austria , so anything about killing would make national headlines immediately , rapes also so far seem mostly limited to refugees rather than the local population . 
   again , going to need some proof . 
  if so proof is provided , these statements are as accurate as mine . 
  you 're free to go and volunteer at aid organizations to get some first hand stories . 
  / u/moonarms was also only retelling a report from someone she/he knows , not giving an official statistic . 
  as i said , a few dozen people being beaten is probably a huge amount for local responders but not a huge amount compared to all people there , so while i definitely believe the `` dehydrated , malnourished , beaten and in bad shape '' part , i doubt the `` almost all '' part . 
  http://www.bundesheer.at/cms/artikel.php?id=7933 ~ 1600 military personel moved to the border helping the policce this week alone . 
  the green light for military action was given at the beginning of this week , there 's even a thread about it in this subreddit . 
   austria needs some bulgarian policemen apparently . 
  they have zero compassion and are just as aggressive as they are dumb . 
  that 's why austria does not need bulgarian police . 
   seriously though , nobody here gets why we dont include the military . 
  the military is in the region already for the whole week . 
  350 in one day is nothing , probably unimportant enough to not warrant any backup or change in plans . 
  they likely just let them through there because they were busy holding off a few 1000 elsewehere . 
  because this does not give such great headlines ( `` 1000s of refugees were slowly and orderly standing in line while being registered '' vs. `` a small group managed to get into austria and will likely move on to germany anyways - but omg they went past a few policemen ! '' ), 
  you get this kind of media attention . 
  uhm , the army is there already ... 
  so because of your shitty experience , others should have it at least as bad or worse ? 
  edit : by the way in case you 're not aware of it : you are an economic migrant , not a refugee . 
  ... or muslims for example who are also incredibly helpful . 
  without students and brain power , austria would be in a very bad shape nowadays , it 's not like we can compete internationally with our cheap labour or skilled non-university workforce . 
  i respect our policewomen and - men even more because they do not act as you suggest . 
   going to need some proof or sources . 
  it is not ok to publish medical information of people , especially if they were assaulted . 
  sorry , but it is very unlikely that you 'll get to see pictures of a few dozen people that got beat up . 
  also the other `` problem '' is that if let 's say 1000 people arrive and 200 of them are in a bad shape - this seems like a smallish number , but trust me , compared to everything you 'd normally experience and what you are prepared to respond to usually this is close to the end of the world for civilian first responders . 
  so what do you do then ? 
  20 % ( yes , the number is made up ) in bad shape might not sound as bad as it probably should , is hard to verify and also people who are helping are usually not journalists or statisticians but are already busy with treating injuries . 
  at least the hospitals in the east of austria are very busy at the moment . 
  they do n't even know that they are already living in the us !, 
  uhm , you are in the eu , so there 's nothing stopping you ... 
  knowing the word `` kurwa '' alone already is enough for an a1 certificate . 
   the hungarian article refers to the timeline when austria stopped allowing the trains to pass . 
  because they were packed beyond the point of safety , so austria needed 2 trains for every 1 hungarian one arriving . 
   some of them boarded a train which authorities took to bicske refugee camp - a move which your pm named nazi . 
  no , he called it `` reminding him of our darkest times '' and there are no large refugee camps in graz , only temporary places to stay for the night aka . 
  shelters . 
  in the meantime they all have already been moved to at least the german border . 
  this is old news . 
  turkey was only 2 borders from yugoslavia ( greece is in between ) , syria 3 borders . 
  currently albania or macedonia are also 3 borders from austria for example , truly exotic places !, 
  yes and no . 
  he never said nazi or jew , only that it reminds him of the darkest times of our past ... 
  our version of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/code_talker#navajo_code_talkers ;-), 
  many austrian dialects use the softer version of consonants as well as shifting vovels when pronouncing them ( `` torte '' --  `` duadn '' ) . 
  / highfive, 
  erd\u00e5pflgatsch, 
   so has anyone here ever fired a gun ? 
  depends on your definition of `` gun '' . 
  assault rifle and anti tank weapon . 
   or saw someone using a firearm other than police or some other kind of authority ? 
  nope , never outside of a gun range or other planned circumstances ( e.g a salute etc. ), 
   or even had a gun in his hand ? 
  sure . 
  austria has conscription and mandatory military service though , so about 1/4 of the whole population has already fired assault rifles . 
  tyrol has some sch\u00fctzenvereine but i doubt they count as armed forces ... 
  yet !, 
  from today on , austrian military will also help the police with border control . 
   to give you a rough idea of the numbers , the estimated 20,000 for today would be equivalent to 200,000 ( ! ), 
  refugees arriving in germany in one single day . 
  or ~ 150 million people entering vatican city !!, 
  meanwhile dozens of ` muricans buy ammunition , water and food because russia is apparently close to invading australia . 
   the border between austria and slovenia runs through alpine territory , it is impossible to cross it illegally . 
  not impossible , but looking at the gear and stuff that refugees usually seem to wear and/or carry , there will be several deaths if people attempt that . 
  similar for crossing rivers like the inn etc. 
  to the german border . 
  and for which side ? 
  the dictator or isis ? 
  might have to wait a while at the border , i doubt there would be problems germany --  austria . 
  if you are a portugese citizen , there wo n't be any issues besides the waiting time . 
  go shank or kick a moose . 
  edit : party pooper because i 'm against `` jokes '' about concentration camps ? 
  well , as a comparison : ~ 70 years back germany was capable of killing more people a day than they are struggling with to move to their living quarters now . 
  and then what ? 
  early elections ? 
  chancelloress mikl-leitner ? 
  resurrect mrs. fekter for that special something ? 
  \\* sigh \\* really ? 
  nah , we can always forward them to slovakia or the czech republic for example ... 
   according to international law , they have to enter first safe country and seek asylum nope , that 's dublin ii . 
  please quote the international law that defines that refugees are only permitted to travel directly to their nearest safe country . 
  why should the nun get slapped by the german guy ? 
  yeah , it is international enough that many people know it and harmless enough to not get angry downvotes . 
  always maximize your karma !, 
  how many germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 
  just one , germans are efficient and not funny . 
   do you reckon i could just fly to germany , fake an accent and get a house and some cash ? 
  haha , dream on ... 
  sounds about as `` smart '' as the `` if i act insane , i do n't get locked up in prison but get hospitalized instead '' legal loophole ... 
  a german , an austrian , a nun and a hot young woman are driving in a train . 
  when the train enters a tunnel , the light suddenly switches off , one hears a loud slap and when the train leaves the tunnel , the german guy holds his cheek . 
  the german guy thinks : damn it , the austrian probably tried to grope the girl , she slapped at him , missed and hit me instead !, 
  the nun thinks : hah , that german guy surely tried to grope that poor girl , she defended herself and slapped him !, 
  the girl thinks : well , that german guy probably tried to grope me , touched the nun instead and got slapped by her !,
