  try our `` most '' then , but it is probably too strong for you ... 
  differs from country to country , some even require a spare set of headlight lamps . 
  often reflective vests are required , they are really helpful on highways by the way . 
  apparently it is for some around here ... 
  i guess police would get nervous here too , but i did n't get into many stops so far and remained seated all the time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_nobility#abolition_of_nobility_in_1919 - they were simply forbidden . 
  see also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nobiliary_particle#germany_and_austria . 
  why are you assuming that bismack was n't nobility ? 
  he was a duke and a prince ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otto_von_bismarck#titles_and_styles_from_birth_to_death, 
  we got rid of titles and even name fragments ( like `` x von y '' ) and replaced them with academic and honorary titles that ( with enough dedication ) can be reached by anyone . 
  i see the appeal of monarchy , but to me it sounds too much like hit-and-miss to be a serious contender to democracy . 
  you do n't make proper tea with boiling water either ... ;-), 
  he was surprised when the lunch ran away and the cook did n't want to catch it again ... 
  clearly you have n't experienced the dutch in winter trying to get up mountains ... 
  yes , my personal definition and experience though is somewhat different . 
  cute !, 
   mountain  910 metres wat ? 
  you misunderstand what a visa is : it allows you to temporarily stay in a different country for limited time , while your center of life is still at home ( in your home country ) . 
  this means you ca n't just chain visas together , since that would indicate that you moved your center of life to the country you are in ( and you would need a residence permit for that ) . 
  this means , after being in germany for studies , you need to go home , the 90 days are long over . 
  talk to the local authorities if you need an extension . 
  just watch the documentary `` eurotrip '' for a realistic depiction ... 
  learn about culture shock , the symptoms of it and how to fight it . 
  do n't get caught in the expat bubble , try to interact with locals as much as possible ( e.g. 
  by volunteering somewhere or by joining a verein ) . 
  learn german and tell germans that you are learning , respond in german even if they switch to english . 
  however if your german is really basic , maybe the cashier can say his/her 3 sentences in english instead of having to repeat them twice slowly ... 
  that 's what we thought about the last idiot ( george w ) too ... 
  you already can come without visa and are free to apply for the equivalent of a green card here . 
  i do n't think that austria ( or the schengen zone or the eu ) should grant freedom of migration to us citizens . 
  why should we , anyways ? 
  far too many poor people over there with bad education and big dreams of an idealized europe ... 
  there is also a factory in bludenz , austria . 
  because you asked about norway , too specific . 
  have you actually taken them up on that promise or do they just promise it ? 
  credit card companies will likely not reimburse anything if it was a chip + pin payment , even though these can be fraudulent too . 
  so you trust your * smartphone * to be able to transfer money ?!, 
  not even using a dedicated secure element or anything ? 
  i hope you do n't keep much money available to it ... 
  sounds like a horrible dystopian future to me . 
  paying with cards whereever you want ? 
  yes please . 
  not being able to use cash any more ? 
  no thanks !, 
  unless the electronic money you are transferring is actual money issued by the central bank or a network of people , not book money conjured out of the blue by some bank with fractional reserve you are up for a very bad time once a bank or payment provider runs into troubles . 
  to me this stuff sounds just like a crazy inefficient work culture . 
  look at their passports , not their `` race '' ... 
  your way of life and the life of the people around you . 
  oh , that 's going to be expensive unless you buy your food in the supermarket and cook at home/in the hotel/hostel . 
  enjoy your trip and good luck with the car . 
   fuel efficient car ( 30mpg combined ) i just checked : that 's ~ 7.8 l/100km not too bad , but far from great . 
  then again cars that use less gas often also cost less and have fewer taxes ... you could cut this costs in half by the way by finding a single person ( ! ), 
  near you that goes to the same school and sharing a ride . 
  2 years of mild inconvenience and off to germany you go !, 
   the only annoying thing is when i need to buy heavy things from the supermarket or town ... just get a sturdy bicycle , there are even ones that are built to me mainly used to transport goods instead of pure human transportation . 
  lots of location jumps in that video ... ;-) glad you had fun and funny to see a few places where i 've been too . 
  how often do you do it actually though ? 
   if you had to commute that much , you 'd use a train . 
  or move closer , do teleworking or look for a new job . 
  making me loose 4 hours of my life every single day would better be a damn great job ... 
  but your gas is so damn cheap anyways ?!, 
  should n't you be saving a lot of money that way ? 
  just get a fuel efficient car ... 
  ... again you ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/3z47ps/are_any_of_the_following_things_true/ really , maybe try to get your info from someplace other than 4chan . 
  edit : in case someone is actually interested in the topic : here is a website about the law in german legalese ( https://www.jusline.at/3_notwehr_stgb.html ) . 
  in essence : * do n't overdo it and respond in relation ( if someone slaps you or just is aggressive without a lethal weapon visible , you are not allowed to kill her/him in return ) * you ca n't legally self defend against someone who is defending themselves ( duh ! ), 
  * after you ( or who - / whatever you are defending ) are no longer in danger , you have to stop - e.g. 
  if an attacker is on the ground or similar . 
  just taking a step back might not be enough to believe that an attack is definitely over , but that 's of for the court to decide . 
  there might be a lawsuit following anyways ( some people try ... ) , as long as you did follow the basic rules of the law though , it is very unlikely that you 'd be convicted of overstepping the boundaries . 
  killing and especially shooting someone is out of the question most of the time though , even just pulling a gun on someone can and will have a serious case following . 
  there is 0 reason for anyone to believe that a random stranger in austria carries any kind of firearm , so you 'll better have a good lawyer and a very good reason to even think about shooting someone . 
   newly discovered sexual assaults done by syrian refugees these are actually rather rare , more often men from maghreb countries or afghanistan get blamed/reported . 
  anyways , you can choose nearly any area in crime and shine a spotlight there and will be appalled - be it drug dealers , drug consumption , speeding , loitering , aggressive behaviour , arson , right wing violence , left wing violence , sexual assault by parents , by foreigners , by natives at home , by natives abroad ... reddit is not really a good indication of what is going on in the world , it is more an indication of what currently is being reported to be going on in the world . 
  only having eu citizenship does not entitle you to receive welfare ... maybe in hungary , but definitely not elsewhere . 
  dashcams are illegal in austria anyways . 
  in gaming terms : you wo n't have much fun if you have never really played with mouse and keyboard but suddenly get thrown into a counterstrike tournament . 
  start easy and get used to it , then you automatically will be prepared for a bigger challenge ( e.g. 
  you know what gear you need ) . 
  there are books ( not blogs/websites : books ! ), 
  about longer distance hiking , check out your local library or even better your local hiking club ( i 'm sure there is one ) and ask for recommendations there . 
  you will be depending on both your own ( you have to walk yourself after all ) and on your ability to communicate with others ( e.g. 
  asking if it is ok to put up a tent somewhere ) , both can not really be learned by surfing the internet . 
  personally ( especially since you seem to make this a more radical experience ) i 'd rather recommend taking a non-smartphone - having internet and gps might be a nice perk , but also distract from some necessary alone time . 
  `` i 'm still alive '' messages can easily sent via sms too ... 
  if you deposit money in a bank , you are likely not part of the `` rich people '' ... they tend to own stocks etc. 
  costs per km just for driving are already laughably cheap in current electric cars . 
  the main issues left for me are initial price , lack of parking space and range . 
  i do n't need a car to get around in my city at all , only sometimes every few months for large shopping stuff maybe . 
  i would need it for longer trips and in that case i can rant a lot of cars for the 50-100 eur per day they cost until i even remotely approach the cost of putting an electric car on the road , let alone drive it out maintain it . 
  austria has mandatory military service , a small professional army , a rather large trained militia and huge amounts of people that had their basic training in the past . 
  probably depends on the country and if you just want to be a teaching assistant or a full teacher . 
  the first one seems to be relatively easy , the latter requires quite a bit more effort . 
  / r/de or / r/austria might be able to help too . 
  tourists probably ... 
  austrians vs. eu-foreigners vs. non-eu-foreigners . 
  there are quotas in medical studies , but that 's it as far as i know . 
  least attractive : german german most attractive : depends heavily on the person , probably some latin-derived languages are generally on top ( spanish , french , italian , portuguese , romanian ... ) due to being used to vowels . 
  let 's enter the pin number in the atm machine to get some cash money ...
