  i have video proof ! '', 
  yeah , but only with a c64 at home . 
  music , even though the money we inherited from our parents is drying up and the big place we used to live in is now full of squatters , we still try to look distinguished and dapper . 
  we are the slightly weird 60 year old senior student that shows up in the appropriate suit for the time of day , know how to eat a lobster properly and we pay a hobo from time to time so he insults us first and we can beat him up . 
  then we cry ourselves to sleep while thinking about the good old times and how miserable everything is nowadays . 
  even the kebap we had for dinner was with onions even though we ordered it without !, 
  the horror !, 
   humanic https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humanic austrian , owned by leder und schuh ( `` leather and shoe '' ) . 
  kosher ? 
  in austria yes , there 's an exception for religious butchering in the national law ( only for officially accepted religious communities , so no dead cats for satanists - sorry ) . 
   genital mutilation so , about that foreskin ... 
   i 've never heard about christian meat being acceptable . 
  well , in theory christians are not allowed to eat blood either ... they usually just do n't care that much about their religious laws . 
   easy , go to a farm and have the meat killed there . 
  in austria ? 
  dream on ... butchering animals on site is damn near impossible to pull off with all the regulations . 
   a few 100k, 
  there is a legal exception in austria ( https://www.ris.bka.gv.at/normdokument.wxe?abfrage=bundesnormen&amp;gesetzesnummer=20003541&amp;paragraf=32 ) , there were several studies with different results about if an animal quickly dies painlessly when killed this way or if it suffers more compared to being essentially shot with a bolt to the brain which is the current standard method . 
  the austrian solution is to allow the animal to be `` killed '' that way and then immediately afterwards to stun it using `` nontraditional '' ways ( e.g. 
  an electric shock ) to prevent potential suffering . 
  of course stunning it first is also ok by law , it depends on the interpretation of the religion if that is also considered ok by them . 
  at spar ? 
  there were no complaints , it was a field test in a few markets in neighbourhoods with lots of muslims . 
  the same thing already happened in 2009 ( sell a few halal products , shitstorm , stop selling them ) . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen kosher meat in a regular supermarket ... 
   first people bitched that they were supporting terrorism by offering the halal line nope , they mostly used the tried and tested right wing idea of animal protection , posting videos of animals being more or less tortured to death etc. 
  worked against religious killing of animals by jews , still works with religious butchering by muslims . 
  there is a law about this , it mandates that latest immediately after the `` traditional cut '' , the animal has to be stunned : https://www.ris.bka.gv.at/normdokument.wxe?abfrage=bundesnormen&amp;gesetzesnummer=20003541&amp;paragraf=32 ( all of austrian law is available online by the way ) . 
  yes , because the relative amount of afghans increased . 
   austrians and germans dont consider their first cousin twice removed when hiring or making governmental decisions , they are meritocratic we used to have an official guideline on how to deduce bribes from our taxes ... 
  while i agree in general with your statement up to a certain level , `` vitamin b '' ( b = beziehungen [ relationships ] ) is often an essential part of the hiring process . 
  well , compare september and october ... germany pushes afghans `` upstream '' towards austria by threatening deportation and are thusly increasing the share of afghans in austria and reducing their share in germany ( which in turn increases the amout of syrians ) . 
  also the `` background noise '' level is higher in austria naturally . 
  bregenz is west of plzen , \u0442\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0449, 
  ... aka . 
  russia ( ex-ussr , like all of eastern europe ) . 
   eastern european countries ( hungary , poland , slovakia , czech republic ) create `` friends of schengen '' / fixed, 
   [ ... ] is not a real country , its a bunch of tribes , none of them are particularly interested in improving their country together with other tribes . 
  that could describe germany or austria quite well too ... 
  similar to our chancellor who said that hungary telling people that they get on trains to germany and then sending them into camps reminds him of dark times in history turns into a more and more outrageous attack on orban 's mom every time it is being retold . 
   i think accept everyone as a refugee is not an option . 
  me neither , but not accepting refugees that have valid reasons or putting them in detention camps ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2015/12/01/hungary-locked-seeking-asylum ) is no option either . 
   hundred thousends of new citizens asylum seekers are not citizens and compared to the whole eu a few 100k people are nothing . 
  compared to only germany , austria , hungary and sweden though ...  if they want to live in germany or sweden , they wo n't be happy , when the authorities try to settle them in other countries . 
  once they find out how life in these countries is going to be like for them , they wo n't be that happy either . 
  germany is introducing a new law to make sure they stay at assigned places ( so no ghettos in large cities can form ) , no idea about sweden , austria will likely do the same as germany , only a bit less and a bit slower and hungary built detention camps ...  i think the only way to handle this , situation is the taking down the is . 
  no , the only way to handle this is to make sure once you fight a war abroad , you rebuild the country and train teachers there , not just military and police . 
  since you seem keen on nazi comparisons : london also was bombed , just like nazi germany . 
  both times the ones suffering most were the civilians . 
  we need another marshall plan , not a lockheedmartin-halliburton-shell plan . 
   the wave of the migrants is so huge , that the eu ca n't handle such a bigg crowd . 
  nah , the eu would be able to handle this easily , the thing is that most eu countries are not helping . 
   ha ha . 
  good one . 
  .1 % of the 10,000 through munich per day maths is hard , huh ? 
  it says border crossings until june 30th ... 
  250k applying for asylum ? 
  i doubt that ... 
   even in an orwellian dystopia you ca n't control some ones thoughts ... yet . 
  i do n't know about statistics about religion , due to some historic reasons ( hint : keeping databases of jews ) , personal belief is a rather sensible topic to be asked by the state ... current statistics of asylum seekers in austria ( http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bmi_asylwesen/statistik/start.aspx ) show about 36 % syria , 26 % iraq , 22 % afghanistan , rest others in september . 
   how can you complain about the quality of the food when you 've just fled from certain death ? 
  easy : just complain that you do n't like the food . 
  then your neighbour tells you you are an ungrateful bastard . 
  then you complain that since 3 weeks you only get this same shitty dry bread . 
  then the person 3 places behind you in the line tells you to shut the fuck up and move along . 
  then your friend tells this guy to mind his own business ... 
  honestly , since apparently they were fighting amongst themselves and not with the people handing out the food , this is probably just another case of badly managed crowd control . 
  800 people in one place is n't even that much ... 
   is what i hear true about the refugees just walking through supermarkets and stealing food ? 
  at least in austria there are/were constant rumors going on about looting - so far each and every single one was false . 
  i highly doubt that it would be different in germany . 
  egypt, 
  do you know actual numbers how much someone can earn at nsa compared to your typical silicon valley startup or are you just guessing based on popular culture ( movies , media ... ) ? 
  https://www.nsa.gov/careers/faqs/index.shtml#ahp_2 lists relatively ok salaries , but apparently they also had to increase it massively ( presumably because they could n't find enough recruits ) in 2014 . 
  check out e.g. 
  google or facebook on glassdoor , or an actual startup ... and all you risk there is that you accidentially annoy some customers , not risk someone getting killed either abroad or domestically . 
   right now , we obviously do n't have the technical ability to do so . 
  we probably do have it , but who in their right mind would start coding surveillance software for a country when you get offered several times as much to program surveillance software for advertisers ( google , facebook , microsoft ... ) ? 
  bitcoin uses cryptography but there is no encryption present in the protocol . 
  my guess is that this is the reason why 3 attacks ( restaurants , stadium , music hall ) were carried out at the same time : if they did it one by one , they risk being uncovered and caught - if they all strike at the same time , there is more panic , more impact and it makes the police response harder . 
  if they reduced the haystack and instead of `` monitoring everything and reducing it down to a few hundred thousand suspects '' did actual police work , surceillance laws would have been able to prevent this instead of helping to uncover evidence after people got murdered . 
  currently most likely christmas cookies : they get added to the heap of christmas cookies in the table , the host has to taste and praise at least one of them and the guest in return will eat and praise one of the host 's cookies . 
  both agree to exchange recipes which they never do because secretly their own cookies are clearly superior . 
  well , last time i ~ ~ czeched ~ ~ checked , the aforementioned countries have left the empire , so out of central europe they go !, 
  no , that would just devalue whatever money is handed out ... also where would the government take the money from ? 
  central banks are not government insititutions . 
  no , that would just devalue whatever money is handed out ... also where would the government take the money from ? 
  central banks are not government insititutions . 
  found the ex-gdr comrade !, 
  i 'd just rank them south to north . 
  so , is estonia left , right or at the peak of that curve ? 
  in my opinion , they are still far from the peak over at the left end . 
  keep 'em coming - i 'm glad that these eastern ex-commies can at least nowadays express their opinion . 
  from this day on you 'll be called swamp-germans , not longer referring to the nether regions ... 
  increase your taxes in estonia then , there 's a reason why your state has so little money ... 
  many more countries have conscription . 
  switzerland ( like austria ) also has mandatory military service . 
   people that do n't want to be in an army should have no business being anywhere near one . 
  an army should n't consist only of people that want to be soldiers . 
  central europe , czech republic , slovakia and hungary you mean ... ;-),
