  yes , it can be requested , but since there are people from all parties present when votes are counted , this is quite rare . 
  a ballot if valid as long as it is clear what the voter wanted , if there are differences in opinion ( eg you vote by drawing an x for one candidate and a penis for the other ) then the voting commission will decide . 
  that penis case went to the highest court by the way who looked at the ballots and was unable to find the one that was pictured , there was one with a penis drawn on it that was already previously declared invalid instead of belonging to the pirate party though . 
  the case was dismissed and the count found correct . 
  evening , counting will start at 9 am and last probably a while since there are lots of letter votes . 
  they are at least the most right wing party available in austria . 
  he can : appoint the government , sign laws , have a speech at the end of the year on tv , he 's the commander of the military , appoint judges , hand out diplomas if you were really good at university ... 
  yeah , also because the right wingers are too stupid to use a pen and mail a letter !, 
  compare his results in the first round in non-postal votes and postal votes and scale them up to current numbers . 
  he 'd end up with 38 % which is not enough to win . 
  still a lot of other factors can and will influence the actual result . 
  if he does as well in the second round , he 'll lose the election . 
  it 's not up to the president to decide this and i doubt that this would even be popular . 
  it 's easier to complain about the eu than live with the consequences of leaving . 
  yes 2 . 
  they used to be counted much later , now they are only valid if they reach the voting office until 17:00 ( the time the last paper vote can be cast ) . 
  they usually are a lot and counting the traditional votes already takes quite a while , so the people who look over the counting process ( from all parties and volunteers ) go home , then the next day the letters are counted . 
  it is not typical that only 2 choices are on the ballot , so usually letter votes only shift small percentages and add a seat here and remove one there or so . 
   but i 'm not an austrian and i do n't know much about austrian demographics and how much different the postal votes are from the '' regular '' votes . 
  to be able to vote by mail , you need to fill out a form , sign a paper and mail a letter in time . 
  to give you an idea about their demographic , the fp\u00d6 has already protested that this is too complicated ... ;-) usually postal votes are more left leaning and sent by better educated people , both more in vdb 's favour . 
  in the end it will likely be quite close either way . 
  no , that means you think that i should also call myself `` german '' , not that i magically `` am '' german . 
  i live in a different country than germans , i speak a different dialect than most of them , my ancestors are not from germany either , i have a different religion than most of them and i do not identify as german . 
  nope , the president appoints the chancellor out of all austrians that could theoretically sit in the parliament . 
  not more , not less . 
  he can take suggestions of parties of course whom he should appoint , but there 's no obligation at all to follow that . 
  i am an ethnic austrian , it 's not 1848 any more . 
  you are officially invited to / r/pyongyang, 
  many people in the country tend to get a letter vote to be able to vote in any district , because they are not at home over the weekend or just for bragging rights ( `` i voted , you should too ! '', 
  + picture of empty ballot ) on facebook i guess ... ;-), 
  tomorrow evening ( i think i read 19:00 local time somewhere , but i 'm not sure ) . 
  in his own name without referring to anyone else . 
  does n't matter if voices in his head or his best friend told him to write + send that stuff , in the end he did it out of free will all by himself . 
  how `` popular '' was this request anyways ... ? 
  usually yes . 
  sp\u00d6 ( social democrats ) used to be the `` worker 's party '' but in recent years lost a lot of their voters to the right wing populist fp\u00d6 , whose candidate is mr. hofer . 
  it 's perfect , since it gives the maximum amount of people possible something to complain about . 
  as i wrote , these are 3 different ways of looking at the same data . 
  tomorrow evening they will look the same ( since by then all votes are counted ) , until then they will be different , as they are showing different things . 
  http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/ - official counts as they come in http://www.wahlhochrechnung.at/ - predictions based on the official counts without predicting mail-in votes ( which will be counted until tomorrow evening and are typically more left leaning ) http://orf.at/wahl/ - predictions including predicting the mail-in votes . 
  the `` deutsche volksgemeinschaft '' stuff in there . 
  the constitution is very vaguely worded in some cases , also he can remove the government . 
  which brings me back to the original point : many people do n't know what these shelters are like . 
  protesting is a human right , but setting fire to stuff is definitely taking it too far . 
  of course not , it 's just that great food , wine , freedom , peace , culture , and civility is not really something that will happen in a migrant shelter , no matter where on this earth , italy or elsewhere . 
  acting as if just being in italy already means living the dream while sipping some chianti at sunset in their tuscany castle is a bit far fetched , do n't you agree ? 
  live for a few months/years in a camp there and see how much of that you will experience ... 
  that 's called sudern already . 
  no , you made them hate each other . 
  you need to go to northern germany ( frisia ) . 
  ask for his ancestry and tell him he has a suspiciously jewish looking nose . 
  have you at least watched the movie that quote is from ? 
  somewhere in eastern europe . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  only works with properly randomized samples though ... 
  german song with a lot of animal sounds : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c49npmqewk0, 
  well , show the code and give proof that this is the code that actually runs then ... 
  neither is finland or sweden , we have conscription for that ... 
  they manage fine doing this by themselves . 
  already quite a lot of head scarves in that picture and they will increase in the future . 
  you mean the post-austrian part ... 
  and not even removing the stem from the tomatoes ?!, 
  savages !, 
  president , which is a position with lots of power but in practice has been mostly ceremonial . 
  head of government currently is the social democratic reincarnation of humphrey bogart . 
  if it is dry , then it is a bad schnitzel or fried too long . 
  yeah , they just needed something to rhyme with `` poodles '' ... she could have just liked `` schnitzel or noodles '' or `` schnitzels and noodles '' !, 
   the only thing that matters is that it tastes good it . 
  taste . 
  good . 
  with . 
  i live in austria which was more affected than a single ct scan . 
  yes , smog is an issue , but it is not caused by electricity generation in my area , so no , it is not the only contributor to smog . 
  nuclear power wo n't help there at all . 
  demonstrably about ever 1-2 decades one of these things blows up, 
  poor people do n't own 2t cars . 
  that 's a solution from decades ago and only in a few cities ( salzburg and linz afair ) . 
  electric trams are the norm and nothing special , however just the electricity required when one gets going might raise some eyebrows for engineers . 
  on average , not in a worst case scenario, 
  yeah , that 's why nobody uses smartphones . 
  austria also has 2 videos ... 
  no they are not brewing beer there , these are weird germans from berlin that just took the brand and ran with it . 
  go to the factory . 
  probably not , they are being slaughtered for their chocolate content . 
  ireland will have to build a border too now ... ? 
  the slovenian hallstatt ... 
   the spanish ornithological society in madrid estimates that spain 's 18,000 wind turbines may be killing 6 million to 18 million birds and bats annually . 
  ... so 1-3 kills every day per turbine . 
  thanks for the link . 
   millions of birds die i 'd like to see a source on that one ... 
  nazi connotations aside , germanic sounds more historical than anything , we do n't have germanic traditions it religions in most cases , nearly the only germanic thing left is the german language . 
  wrong flag . 
  terminology is just loaded and there is no good equivalent to e.g. 
  `` slavic '' that describes the `` german '' cultural sphere . 
  i highly disagree with calling it `` german '' though . 
  everyone has the right to feel offended by the truth . 
  neither am i. 
  do you really think that the presidential election ( and not the italian referendum or some other factors ) made the eur 1 % weaker ? 
  but the eur is far up against the usd since august too ... ?
