  this is easy imho , we could get a very good majority approval for that . 
  but this should be based on an agreement of the majority of the citizens . 
  that is what states are about , that 's why they are `` ethnic minorities '' and hence majorities . 
  the former are respected , but the latter usually set the rules etc. 
  let 's stop fighting crime then , so that we can decrease the number of innocents sentenced unfairly to 0 % . 
  i approve of this , because some of the criminals identify themselves with an emphasis on their ethnic background , so it makes it easier to solve cases , if you keep that in mind . 
  i do n't know where you get your definitions from , but where i come survival means getting food , water , sleep , medical help but no luxuries , just the basic amount needed for survival . 
  i really do n't know how can you define survival without including at least those 4 things . 
  by welfare i meant any kind of help in the form of money , for whatever reason . 
  at least that is how most people use the word , despite it 's definition . 
  the whole point is if they are not economic migrants and just want to survive they will be grateful for this , for economic migrants however this will be a pointless waste of their time , since it does n't let them achieve their goal . 
  what international and human rights laws did the idea i describe break ? 
  the other idea was to arrest them once they get to the shore , put them into camps where they can survive , but no free movement , no welfare , no jobs . 
  and wait till they ask to go back themselves in desperation . 
  then spread this fact widely , sto that less people would want to try . 
  this is good , but should have been said and more importanly - enforced long ago . 
  perhaps it 's pre-eu referendum crap . 
  `` pioneering programme is teaching refugees coding so they can become developers '' as someone who actually works in the it industry , this will only work well , if the have some prior education beforehand , a `` professional '' , concentrated on coding , or a higher education . 
  or they get another shitty coder , especially one that probably does n't know english well enough to do the difficult stuff . 
  importing/outsourcing to developers from india would be much much easier . 
  '' \u2022 keep a religion-friendly/moderate muslim government to appease the local islamists . '', 
  probably not going to work , since you once you start appeasing the radicals , they will just demand more . 
  all hail the mighty trash lords of bulgaria, 
  brexit will at least free britain from the aspects of a political and eventually obligatory monetary union . 
  not to mention things like bailouts of countries like greece . 
  which is the best thing it can actually do , because these things only get more broken as time goes . 
  how about work migration ? 
  who needs the money , when you can get a much higher salary abroad , once the eu states open their labour markets to serbia . 
  now i 've watched the second half where hannan asks the questions . 
  nice personal attacks from reynolds , instead of actually answering the questions , stuff like ( '' ... but you 're a. . . '' , '' ... mps like you ... '' , '' ... i do n't know why you ... `` etc ) . 
  i think someone was given an advice to divert the discussion to the negative sides of brexit , to be always on the offensive , not to talk about the negative effects of actually being in the eu . 
  do they not teach the interviewers not to interrupt others before they are finished talking ? 
  she did n't even let him finish his points properly . 
  very annoying to watch . 
  can be said about anything or anybody . 
  but they point still stands that they do n't . 
  o_o i had to dig deep into the fridge at my local supermarket to get it ( in estonia ) !, 
  not potato chips , but i 've eaten a black licorice ice cream , very strange taste . 
  what is relevant is his message . 
  ad hominem fallacy : ... is a logical fallacy in which an argument is rebutted by attacking the character , motive , or other attribute of the person making the argument , or persons associated with the argument , rather than attacking the substance of the argument itself . 
  for example , the west started having less children - the birth rate has declined significantly since ww2 but consumption has increased significantly in the same period . 
  there are many more factors that influence consumption , and birth rate is just one of them . 
  `` you were n't arguing a point '' i can play this game - and you were n't arguing properly with me . 
  `` but she is n't correct and it 's not why they have guns , you know . '', 
  no , she 's correct and that 's why they have guns , you know . 
  i do n't see any reason stated in your post , so i will just argue in the same way you do - with demagoguery : `` she 's wrong because it 's wrong , you know '' . 
  you like to argue without making actual arguments , do you ? 
  i can say the same thing about a lot of positions of any political party , unless you have some hard proof that sd is not `` okay with gays '' - please show it . 
  i 've been here , i think you are biased , because you are against those opinions , hence the whole `` many people '' thing . 
  i 've seen numerous butthurt , disguisting and hateful posts on this subreddit , which basically reject that there can be any other opinion than their own . 
  this is why you are exaggerating , probably unintentionally . 
  source please for `` majority of users '' . 
  you do know that there are different subreddits here , right , which have non-overlapping users bases ? 
  `` reddit is an enourmous social network with tons of different political views '' just like the guy below said , reddit users sometimes upvote pro-gay marriage news , which is pretty fecking liberal and then might upvote anti-immigrant news . 
  no way this site can be described as being either liberal or fascicst , there are too many users here with most different views . 
  stealing a beer is nowhere near illegally border crossing in terms of the graveness of the crime . 
  `` how so many people '' how many exactly and where ? 
  most of the comments in this thread criticize this statement and the guy for saying it . 
  no , it 's just this particular party , the swedish democrats in sweden are okay with gays . 
  you are overgeneralizing , this is exactly like saying that reddit is liberal/conservative/left / far-right . 
  `` its not worth ending a life over a nonviolent crime in general . '', 
  how are you so sure , the trespassers are not armed and are not willing to use force if they are arrested , if they do n't care about the illegality of crossing the border without actually going through the usual proceeding and do n't respond to the call of the guards to stop . 
  a `` random person '' who crosses the border illegally and does n't respond to calls from the border guards can be presumed a threat , you do n't know if he 's armed until you arrest and search him , and you ca n't say whether he will resist arrest and how . 
  the legal situation does n't matter , because this i am arguing about a point here , not about the implementation of whatever law they have in germany . 
  laws can be changed . 
  any trespasser can be exactly that , if you let him go , like some insane and naive people suggest here . 
  you sometimes can not tell if the trespasser is armed or not , before you try to arrest and search him , and if he does n't respond to calls of the border guards , it 's highly probably they will resist when being arrested . 
  putting the border guards life at risk . 
  `` if someone starts crossing the border illegally and wo n't react to any calls for him to stop '' what part of this is not clear ? 
  it does not matter whether the trespasser is armed or not , if he 1 ) crosses the border illegally 2 ) foes not respond to the calls of the border guards to stop and show papers , then he is to be considered a threat . 
  `` is it , say , possible to intercept someone in another way without immediately using lethal force ? '', 
  is it possible , but i would argue that if the trespasser does not respond the the calls and continues to illegally cross the border , then chances are he is not going to cooperate , because he does n't give a shit at this point . 
  how about thinking about the lives of innocent border guards , who will actually have to try to arrest the trespasser , who does n't respond , do they know if he is armed ? 
  why should they risk their lives for someone who does n't care about the law ? 
  i 'm sorry , can you read ? 
  `` this is why border guards have guns you know , if someone starts crossing the border illegally and wo n't react to any calls for him to stop . '', 
  the `` shoot everyone illegally entering germany '' was a correct statement , this is why border guards have guns you know , if someone starts crossing the border illegally and wo n't react to any calls for him to stop . 
  the fact that you are trying to couple this absolutely ridiculous statement about homosexuals from one of the politicans of afd si ridiculous . 
  i can play this game as well , i can combine the different things stalin , hilter , mao etc said and it will look the same as you just did . 
  i feel that finding the effective way of solving this depends on the view of reproduction as a whole , how you view the future , including the future , where you are already dead . 
  and this is where the problem comes up - some people , i do n't know the exact % , just do n't care what happens , hence the attitude that `` i wo n't sacrifice my hobbies , my free time for a baby '' . 
  unless that question is answered , on individual and societal level , i see no path forward . 
  any voluntary measure is by definition non-obligatory , if you just do n't care about having kids at all , i doubt any measure to make it easier for you will work . 
  and we are limited by our resources in what we can do . 
  no it 's not that , it 's because of pensions , of the welfare state , back in the times when people did n't have that they had to make children to be able to sustain themselves . 
  now people have less children and much later in their lives , but that pension money does n't come from nowhere , one of the main sources is closely linked to the birth rate level and subsequently from the fact whether the workforce is growing or at least being replaced . 
  that 's one of the factors , but it 's pretty important one . 
  also , upbringing is a lot of work and much more important in the eyes of many , especially today with gender equality ... 
  i guess that 's the trade off for living in a fairer society , but i 'm not sure how sustainable it is . 
  `` people should only have children when they want to have them '' playing the devil 's advocate here , this statement sounds nice , but it does n't guarantee , that the parents wo n't break up in the first periods of the child 's upbringing , which is widely regarded as being damaging to the child , which does n't contribute to the happiness of the offspring . 
  there are many more factors at play here other than `` happiness '' , which is an abstract term , and something many people would not be able to describe fully or do n't actually know whether it will be as fulfilling , as they think it will . 
  other than that i agree with your last statement ... 
   doubling the labor pool halved the wages i feel that 's a pretty bold statement , unless you have some data to back this up . 
  no one likes a prick like you , who shits on other people 's concerns . 
  you ca n't make this headline up , hahaha , so many conclusions can be drawn from it :d :d, 
  i was n't asking `` what do you do with them '' , i was asking can you call them czechs , since they do n't fit in the criteria of `` b ) accepts our legal and political system and basic ( secular and liberal ) values . '' . 
  i was specifically talking of ethnic czechs , who are hardcore anti-gay , and who love to have their way , if they could enforce it . 
  so they are not czechs then , by your logic ? 
  there are still about 1.38 million people who speka german , that 's just according to wikipedia , i guess they 're nazis , since , as you say , it 's not `` cool '' to be german anymore for like 100 years . 
  and did they follow laws other than the united states law ?
