  can be in the interest of some group to the detriment of another . 
  `` there is no need for further experimenting to validify this rule . '', 
  - the constituional court only affirms if the law is constituional or not , it can not in any way issue a final judgement on whether the law is the `` truth '' , whatever that means . 
  this is being done to avoid the conflict rising again , you #re missing the point . 
  this was at the heart of the transformation to democracy , with even the communist party making concessions in the first democratic elections . 
  maybe in the future when the only generations that are alive are those that were born in the post-franco era this will be a lot different and there will be a wide consensus on this . 
  i must repeat my point since you are talking about something else : evolutionary biology can not be compared in accuracy to law . 
  one can conduct repeatable experiments , the other ca n't , and that is already a indication on how accurate it is . 
  again , my point is tgat all around the world freedom of movement is not the main topic , trade is . 
  tell me , how many free trade agreements are out there that have the same level of freedom movement for their citizens as the eu does ? 
  he says at 2:25 that his work is equivalent to an evolutionary biologist debating with a creationist . 
  no , no it 's not michael dougan . 
  evolutionary biology is natural science and your field is a social science . 
  natural science is experimental and social science is descriptive . 
  thus the difference in actual accuracy of the field that ca n't do actual repeatable experimentation is very high . 
  we are talking about human beings and their relationships after all . 
  so his comparison is a pseudoargument , basically saying `` i speak the truth , my field is as accurate as evolutionary biology '' . 
  which is bullshit for the reasons i described . 
  but that wo n't the stop the remain circlejerk over there . 
  if we are to explain him , then we need some contact info on your friend , full name and aadress will do !, 
  `` euro-euphoria '' you say that like it 's a big thing , 
  probably works for some of the older generation . 
  `` if something as important as freedom of movement goes away ... as useful and relevant as african union '' this is so not true , the cornerstone is trade of goods , and that is what is relevant in the globalized world . 
  and comparing the eu with the african union , whose members have actual civil wars going on right this very moment , is just silly , no way that union is as peaceful as the eu , if africa as a whole ever moves forward to something like the eu they have a chance of actually becoming relevant . 
  my point is that some significant % may say it 's not a bad thing and it 's a source of conflict . 
  strange that you as a spaniard do n't get the complexity of this , seeing as a significant % of your country votes for partido popular who have been slowing or outright halting the process of removing remnants of franco 's past . 
  i think in spain after francos death it was kind of agreed of not to speak in terms of `` right '' / `` wrong '' side , because that might revive the disputes of the civil war . 
  but this has been changing substantially in the last 20 years, 
  but the difference here would be that carrero blanco is not foreign , daesh if a foreign enemy . 
  carreo blanco was basically on one side of the civil war . 
  i guess it\u00e4s because joking about it might offend someone who has conneciton with the falangist/francoist side and thus the law was createrd once ? 
  my spanish is not good enough to understand everything in the article , i do n't know whether it 's mentioned there . 
  well , some communist parties in europe , especially western , demand gay marriage , for example , pretty sure the prc 's communist are very much against . 
  there 's no single programm anymore in practise ( eurocommunist versus hardliners basically ) , but i guess you have some point , since all communist parties seem to be pro-choice at least . 
  is china ( prc ) socially left ? 
  they 're pretty traditionalist last i checked . 
  why would he do that ? 
  surely macron would want to be seen as centrist , different fro mthe far-right and the socialist , but this kind of ruins that ? 
  `` the hungarian government led by viktor orb\u00e1n put refugees on buses heading for austria and germany -- and tricked the chancellor into taking an idealistic stand on migration . '', 
  not sure if sarcasm . 
  this is hilarious . 
  the refugees wanted to stay in hungary apparently , but the evil xenophobe put them on buses . 
  yes they did , a few times , not long before the referendum . 
  ni-wide polls have never showed a majority being pro-unification as far as i 'm aware . 
  you aren\u00e4t seriously comparing the ddr to northern ireland ? 
  unless northern ireland literally has a socialist economic structure today . 
  `` and its not easy learning through the internet . '', 
  not that difficult for someone who is hardworking . 
  need to find the right course for you , the right learning method for you . 
  lots of people just want it to be easy , which not possible in the real world , most of the best teachers are already in the best university . 
  this is a more of a discipline question than actual difficulty . 
  i wonder where the afd voters went i nthe end , they lost some support , would not be surprised if the votes went to merkel out of fear of a red-red-green coalition . 
  which in terms of immigration/asylum seekers would probably be much more liberal than merkel . 
  that 's saying something . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  i did n't say anything about `` university programs '' or `` high school education '' or the official swedish leanring program . 
  if you have a smartphone and internet connection - you can substitute for al lof these in terms of real knowledge . 
  you do n't need to permission to study anything on the internet . 
  this would help them greatly . 
  and you completely ignored my point on abandoning backwards beliefs . 
  sure . 
  to those who are `` from backwards-stubborn-against-change-and-progress countries with shit education '' and hold the views typical of people from these countries : - they have smartphones ? 
  i 've seen numerous photos of migrants having smartphones . 
  self-study starting from swedish , up to any it or other high-demand skill out there . 
  this is how i personally gained and improved many of my own skills . 
  lots of free courses out there . 
  - abandon backwards beliefs and customs voluntarily , appeal to the swedish public and court for help or protection in this if `` fellow migrants '' disapprove . 
  they can start with acknowledging gender equality , homosexuality not as a sin , respect for other cultures and nations , etc. 
  implying that it 's the swede 's fault ? 
  great . 
  totally not the fault of the migrants from backwards-stubborn-against-change-and-progress countries with shit education , not suitable for any work other than the simplest . 
  all of the things you wrote are false choices . 
  there are more than the two you mentioned and they are all doable , just not that profitable o certain politicians . 
  - either the euro integrates more or it dies : or we sort out the problems in the current eurozone first and then think about what to do with non-euro countries . 
  - either we figure out a common refugee policy or the schengen agreement dies : we change the schengen agreement , or abandon it for some new one that reflect the current situation and our interests . 
  - either we unite in face of russian aggression , or they will play us off one against the other : we keep pressuring russia together , while trying to resolve the problems we have , which are absolutely unrelated to russia . 
  and stop using brexit as a call for more european unity , brexit was the opposite - a massive sign that the eu needs reform and is flawed today . 
  more `` european integration '' is out of the question , since it has been the present course so far and look at what it lead to : rise of euroscepticisim , far-right parties , refugee crisis handled in a pathetic way ( failed `` migrant quotas '' ) , brexit , real fears of nexit , frexit , etc. 
  this delusion has to stop or the current eu deserves to die . 
  and people here wonder why the anti-immigrant sentiment has risen ? 
  i could understand if europe had no welfare state , lots and lots of free jobs and heavy societal pressure on integration ( `` integrate or be a nobody with no job , no friends , no opportunities , no help '' ) - then perhaps immgiration would n't be such a problem . 
  but as long as we are not any of those things - we must be able to turn down migrants . 
  and why would n't this backfire , at least for some women workers ? 
  the employer is interested in the work getting done so that the company gets its profit . 
  there is a point where the employee becomes more of a burden . 
  this will also lessen the possibility of promotions for those who will use this . 
  `` three days of paid leave each month '' out of an average of 20-22 workdays in one month is basically 15 % . 
  are n't ira mostly left-wing , marxist or secular republican by ideology ? 
  so irish catholics are not directly connected to the ira . 
  poor integrations is pretty ambigious , i have to say this explicitly , that some just do n't want to integrate . 
  they resist it and actively . 
  and that is what should be examined closely . 
  he did n't say that , but there is some connection between a certain part of the muslim community and terrorism . 
  which are relatively very small . 
  that is abusable as hell . 
  i know it 's cartoon , but the meaning can be twisted around - just `` crying '' because of britain leaving , why doing barely any effort to actually reform the eu , instead pushing for the things that most eusceptics in the uk said would probably never happen , like the eu army . 
  what he said : ... because his comments about southern european countries spending money on `` liquor and women . '', 
  that 's idealistic , by the time you work out on your words the man influenced by the propaganda can be already in syria and already blown himself up . 
  you have very limited time in real life , this is why people do not always consider the rational choices . 
  like i said , if most people in some society agree that smth is propaganda ( and if the objective truth is that the propaganda leads to harm ) it is possible it can be banned without doing any damage to free speech at all .
