  they are almost specifically against that . 
  `` never thought about just not being poor anymore '' what . 
  i never said that , that 's your imagination , they have a high birth rate because of cultural reasons , religious populations are like that , even in wealthy countries . 
  poor economy contributes here as well , but there are poor countries with low birth rates , so that 's not the single most important factor . 
  so there has to be a massive secular revolution and a change of the economic structure . 
  but that has to come only from the afghanis themselves . 
  yet a lot of them still cling on to their deeply archaic cultural norms , while european populations are somehow obliged to accept them because of `` high moral standards '' , as argued here . 
  i do n't see a reason why to show data for `` single person with 2 children '' , it would be more accurate to show data for just individual people . 
  the average wage data and this `` with 2 children '' data would be pretty skewed since the % of wealthier people will be much higher there . 
  the median wage in greece is 50 % higher though . 
  statistics do n't agree with you , the prices levels are nearly the same , yet the pensions in greece is smth like 800 euros , that 's almost like our average wage , and our average pension is approx 330 . http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/comparative_price_levels_of_consumer_goods_and_services, 
  i just want to say what i 've heard from many people in estonia , both estonian and russian , when speaking about this - until greeks have estonian level of wages and pensions it 's hard for them to feel pity , especially since estonia was also helping greece . 
  i do n't agree 100 % with this sentiment , but it 's there and it 's strong . 
  what 's the point of arguing even with you , convincing you , if you are arguing for individuals , who yes , are probably fucked , while i 'm showing you the big picture . 
  so germany or whatever country accepts him , then what ? 
  how does that repair the big picture other than for khan , which is itself not guaranteed and might have negative consequences for those around him ? 
  afghan must solve its problems somehow , stop having such a large birth rate , which `` produces '' too many people who end up poor , which leads them to taliban or to europe . 
  there is no solution in your post , just idealistic out-of-touch with reality bullshit . 
  we should save them , take them all in , then afghani women will produce more men into poverty and we should take those as well , and ... 
  do n't know about taliban , but in the ukrainian donbass some go to the local pro-russian militia as volunteers for the same reasons , it 's like a job , they get paid , maybe get some food as well . 
  yeah , as if people would actually say that it 's okay to that just that if they think so , they will sugarcoat it , deny it , lie about it and will still do it . 
  have you actually read the article ? 
  `` migrants pay more in tax than they take in benefits and have little effect , either up or down , on wages . 
  study after study has shown ... '' `` some labour mps have gone as far as claiming that immigration could cause racism or lead to riots . 
  apart from the victim-blaming , and the clearing of political ground for the populist right to build on , the claim does n't even make sense ... '', 
  just another article that equates `` migrant-bashing '' with criticism of migration , skipping the whole `` cultural '' criticism part altogether and just calling it racist . 
  yeeeeahhh , that has n't been tried before at all . 
  i said nothing about afd . 
  the system must be changed because it is being abused and frankly is n't working , has nothing to do personally with either italy and greece . 
  but guess who does n't want the system changed . 
  these refugees come from countries with a huge difference in social norms , so more homophobia , more anti-feminism . 
  they come from countries which have religious and ethnical tensions , sometimes hand in hand , they bring their conflicts with them as seen already in germany with the turks vs kurds . 
  so more violence and crime . 
  just two major points to consider . 
  because the people you mentioned are safe in greece/italy/turkey , they have no valid reasons to go further north and some have n't even witnessed the things you mentioned because they lie about their nationality . 
  that 's nothing ? 
  that 's the minimum wage in some eu countries , you could fund that alone or with people that support this , you know . 
  i honestly do n't even know what le pen 's economic policy is , this might be a tactic as well . 
  i heard it 's `` centre-left '' like many far-right parties have . 
  that 's why it might hurt fillon . 
  i agree , he should n't - when people also read about the hateful , ungrateful shit that some `` refugees '' do and say , like the way some of them refused water in hungary last year or how one of them said the lithuanian government ca n't provide them with enough money , aid and support for his family , that 450 euros a month is n't enough . 
  even though they are actual lithuaning families who survive for less , because 450 is above the minimum wage . 
  no he did n't , but i bet some people would only go against one side for doing that though , while ignoring/denying or sugarcoating what the other side says . 
  he also promised to cut jobs in the public sector i think , something like 500-600k , labor unions are going to be happy about that . 
  1 ) not all of them , only those that have jobs . 
  2 ) paying taxes does n't give you the right to demand that your children 's education be funded from the government you are paying to last i checked . 
  if you 're a citizen then you can vote for the candidate that wants that in the legislative/presidential elections . 
  do n't know about municipal elections though . 
  is n't integration a problem already ? 
  you are speaking as if the situation is ideal and she is just ruining it . 
  which does n't seem so . 
  and a wish for integration must also come from the communty of foreigners , which i highly doubt comes from everyone or is n't a problem at all . 
  might this be part of some deal regarding syria ? 
  qatar supports some rebel groups . 
  how is a lock not a deterrent ? 
  if every thief saw or knew i had no locks on my door they 'd sure as hell come and rob me multiple times . 
  it 's deterrent because it means if they get caught they wo n't get either welfare money or easy access to the labor market , even though they 'd probably go underground . 
  i can totally understand if someone is actually desperate and needs help and we do n't know the whole story , but to say that we must assume everyone is so desperate and poor and ca n't survive without this is counterproductive and hardly the truth . 
  how does dual citizenship help with integration ? 
  how does abolishing it `` marginalise '' german-turks and `` surrender '' them to the `` authoritarian master '' , recep tayyip erdogan , the turkish president ? 
  to be fair , the argument is that everyone are so intertwined that no one lives in his bubble , where the consequences of his decisions rest only on his shoulders , hence the popular thought that there probably should some regulation which , yes , may restrict freedom in some way . 
  but , indeed , no one lives in his bubble , where the consequences of his decisions rest only on his/her shoulders . 
  so i can understand that . 
  is that an actual question ? 
  try asking him whether he had any relatives/friends or was just helping his people . 
  or `` helping '' - because very few actually want to be safe in hungary . 
  `` they are not criminals , they are just desperate people fleeing from war '', 
  newsflash : britain just decisively rejected the eu, 
  the same argument can be made from the point of an average citizen of the eu who might be living close to these refugees . 
  why would someone want to let people of a very different culture , often very different civilization level , and prone to abusing laws and crime in ? 
  if it raises even remotely the chance of this average citizen to harmed by this refugee , why should he support this ? 
  this is exactly why there is opposition to this , to either have very strict rules ( no men , no welfare , modest support , deport once homeland is deemed safe enough ) or not to take them at all , and help the refugee camps etc. 
  hellloooo colonialism !, 
  `` you need to introduce , to all of africa , sustainable economic growth , gender equality and contraceptives . '', 
  and if they refuse en masse ? 
  if they say their customs forbid it ? 
  if they say they do n't want it ? 
  what then ? 
  what if the ugly truth is that a lot of people living there just do n't want this stuff , they need to come to themon their own , if ever , but they probably never will if we keep taking in their people in these numbers . 
  when they have nowhere to run - then they may start thinking . 
  i understand not everyone in labour is going to follow cobyn on this one , like his former opponent owen smith . 
  wonder how much of them voted to remain in the galactic empire . 
  or the republic , depending on which side you 're on :d, 
  the establishment parties and movements do n't like the competition from the new populist movements . 
  the truth is unless the establishment parties make an inner rotation of their leadership that would address the issues of the populist electorate - people are stil lgoing to vote for the populist parties , so the ball is firmly in the establishment parties 's court . 
  current immigrantion , asylum laws , welfare , anti-discrimination laws are being abused by some , make amendments to the laws to eliminate or greatly reduce abuse , or face defeat and/or pressure from populists at the next elections . 
  history disagrees with all the examples of politicians who made the rich pay more , basically created the modern welfare state etc. 
  `` the report recommended investing in better integration and language courses for migrants , saying a lack of social recognition and barriers to personal contact with locals could lead to frustration . '', 
  no , it 's the lack of a backbone and strict pro-integration stance of the government . 
  criminals should not be given asylum at all , no `` traditions '' or `` customs '' or `` values '' should be accepted that contradict the current german ones , that means no sexism , no child marriages , no homophobia . 
  punish everyone who goes against that . 
  i relaly wish the rise of the far right would not bring populists into power or just in parliaments , but actually gave the denying left-wing politicians and electorate some backbone on this . 
  europe is not the continent that is adding the most to this overpopulation , it 's africa , and that 's where the fall of the rate must be faster and larger . 
  even though africa is not consuming as much resources as europe or north america . 
  to be honest , the rates are much higher than i expected them to be . 
  i actually thought our was something like 1.3 . 
  the only thing i 'm actually worried where is the bottom level after which we 're not going to fall continuously anymore . 
  i mean realistically , not in terms of pure numbers like the lowest of the low fertility rates they have in singapore . 
  watch out , fidel is looking very serious at you from that pic , 
  the fidel castro pic has no connection to the article .
