  yay . 
  avoided a bad populist . 
  okay . 
  but there 's barely anything good about that , unless you 're pro-eu_federalization , pro-immigration . 
  the trick is , most popular candidates supported in the first round were different degrees of eurosceptic and not exactly happy about immigration either . 
  `` i would still try . '', 
  you can try , but you ca n't deny that others will defend their interests as well . 
  this `` wouldnt you do the same ? '', 
  is very ridiculous to ask in regards to people who presumably `` paid more than $ 10,000 '' to get there . 
  if i had 10 000 in a poor country i 'd first try to go to the capital to look for work . 
  if that fails - other big city . 
  if that fails - get an education . 
  you can also look for temporary work in neighbouring countries . 
  this is literally how millions upon millions of people live ( with less than 10000 of money on them ) , since not everyone tries to reach people . 
  are you saying they are irrational and should abandon all efforts and just try to reach europe ? 
  and if europe is n't reich anymore at one point in the future they will just leave then to the next rich country ? 
  his point is that at a certain stage we must start thinking for ourselves , because someone 's presumed `` salvation '' from his troubles becomes a problem for someone else . 
  hunger victims are as a rule helped by giving them aid in food and other things , not allowing them to migrate to wealthy country as refugees . 
  working in poor conditions is sometimes dangerous and life threatening , but also not solved by migrating to a wealthy country as refugees . 
  but this is - as a rule - a task for the local/central government , especially if it is involuntary so outright criminal . 
  we ca n't take all of them , we can only take a few before our own society starts to crumble from pressure on all fronts - economic , political , cultural , etc. 
  if the integrity of our socieities is not taken into account then this is outright abuse of the system . 
  which it is . 
  i did n't say he was if you read carefully . 
  actually the more important part of fillon here is `` backed by a major party '' . 
  just imagine if it was n't le pen , but someone like fillon with no scandals , backed by a major party , young , handsome , etc. . . and eurosceptic . 
  then it would not have been a 60-40 race . 
   manage to collect their taxes properly did they achieve that now though ? 
  `` there are , no doubt , multiple reasons , especially cultural anxiety over islamic immigrants . '', 
  yes , only cultural and `` anxiety '' , let 's ignore the fact of where the most violent parts of france are and who lives there . 
  here you go then - sanctions , penalties , if you ca n't google `` macron '' and `` poland '' . 
  macron did n't say he 's going after only this one country which is ireland . 
  and he will be the president of france , which has more power in the eu than almost every other country other than germany and italy , now that uk is out . 
  `` nor would those countries suffer any consequences whatsoever for blocking a decision on tax harmonization . '', 
  we 've seen that with migrant quotas already , we will see how it goes if macron implements his plan to punish poland for non-democratic decisions , or whatever . 
  look at hat macron wants to do with poland for a differen reason and tone it done a bit , because ireland 's case is n't about democracy and freedom - that should give you a clue . 
  that 's not how real world poltiics work . 
  it can be arranged by france that there would be consequences for blocking this decision and france has every power and means to do that . 
  macron is social liberal , so he is like valls . 
  hell , they were i nthe same government . 
  i do n't know about france but ive seen our politicians at rival party gatherings just recently in the news . 
  i ca n't say anything about donorship though , not familiar with that . 
  but i wonder if some ultra-communist decides to donate to macron 's movement , will he be obliged to decline ? 
  and if he does n't does would that make macron ultra-communist as well ? 
  nah , this sub is actually pretty ok , it houses both macron supporters and criticizes mass-immigration/refugee policy . 
  these two do n't actually combine well on their own , 
  `` it is weird people who vote for an outspoken nazi '' last time i checked it 's his daughter running , not him , and she expelled him from the party . 
  so i do n't get this bit at all . 
  le pen 's positions barely resemble nazism . 
   ireland can veto any eu-wide changes to taxation without consequences ? 
  i do n't believe that , i would expect there 'd be a reaction to this . 
   unusual priority of irish reunification im going to say there 's no such thing , at least yet ? 
  there has been no border poll , no actual decision so i ca n't say why you included it here , at the the present time it 's not happening and not even planned or anything . 
  maybe , or maybe france has much more weight in the eu than ireland and can push this decision onto them . 
  not bad , good lyrics , patriotic , no crazy dancing , short , 12 points from estonia . 
  trivial , but very true nonetheless , especially since it is easier to make money when you actually have a good sum of money to begin with/inherited . 
  `` if you create new company then you are creating new/additional wealth '' - not 100 % true , if you create a new market for something , or entirely new product - then yes , you create wealth . 
  if you basically compete with other companies for the same customers , then it 's not so clear anymore , if a gained customer basically means a lost customer for some other company . 
  since we are tlaking in very trivial terms here so trivial conclusions are kind of okay as well ... 
  `` there are several people '' at least that title suggests that some people can ahcieve that , but the point was probably that most ca n't , it 's not very common . 
  thar 's how i understood it if you do n't look at the `` this wealth is always achieved at the expense of others . '', 
  bits . 
  i kind of disagree about `` no real choice '' , its just that with macron france will probably get the status quo with some few very populist stunts that may benefit a very small % of people ( `` a $ 500 culture pass for 18 year olds '' ) . 
  with le pen it 's either frexit if she could actually push it through , or trump-style decisions . 
  or he really pushes for european integration with whoever wins the german election . 
  considering that most candidates in the first round were either eurosceptic or not so much in favor of further eu integration ... and they got most of the votes ... 
  she is swimming and he is giving her some sort of message that scuba divers always use . 
  i do n't know . 
  just below this post is another one which says italy is europe 's biggest problem ... well , okay , at least we have some plurality of views here :d, 
  estonian conservative people 's party ( ekre ) because even i thought for a second there if this ekre is the only ekre i know of in this universe ... `` with seven seats in the 101-seat riigikogu , opposition ekre is the smallest of the political forces represented in the estonian parliament . '', 
  yeah , but they are 13 % in the polls now . 
  what does `` equitable distribution of resources in existing and new communities '' even mean . 
  sudetenland for czechia ? 
  and i know there is a german minority in poland . 
  he can still change his name then - iatteo cenzi . 
  should n't be a requirement , i knew lots of people who had to make ends meet while getting their education and had sick parents or children of their to take care of . 
  this would hurt them , not everyone can just leave the country to study . 
  what does this mean for the coalition-forming process after the election ? 
  you see , they already had that , in the 50-80s , almost literally `` communist '' leaders like nasser in egypt . 
  supported by the same ussr , promoting socialist and secularist policies . 
  it still ended up how it ended up . 
  the problem seems to lie with the rural populations , ultra-traditionalist , anti-democratic , etc. 
  and much poorer . 
  your agenda is n't going to work here either , calling something that is probably the criticism of a religion `` islamophobia '' . 
  now prove all those muslim women are wearing those scarves voluntarily , that all of them could take them off at any time they want and abandon islam altogether should they wanted to , with no harmful consequnces . 
  one comment on r/austria on this : `` yes but this video cuts out further context in which he said that the danes did a similar thing during the nazi occupation . 
  many danes started to wear the `` judenstern '' as a sign of resistance and solidarity . '', 
  i wonder , how exactly were the nazis opressing these jews ? 
  from the analogy used i assume the nazis wanted to take those `` judensterns '' off hence danes started to wear `` judernsterns '' in soladirty that a jew can wear a `` judernstern '' if he wants to . 
  sounds about right . 
  i get what he wanted to say , but this is so typical , i wonder how the muslim women who are forced to wear those headscarves would feel if they heard other women wear them out of `` protest '' and `` solidarity '' with them . 
  `` does what actually happened to this small town justify its becoming a world-wide symbol for `` terror bombing '' ? '', 
  it was terror bombing , there was no need for it strictly militarily , it was n't some heavily fortified town with military facilities . 
  some military facilities like an arms factory even got spared . 
  i always thought that the naftali bennet 's jewish home is more of a pro-settlers party than any other , although it is in competition for the same voters with likud . 
  well , yeah , macron 's lead in big , a minimum of 20 % , it will take a massive massive feck up from macron for her to win . 
  i ca n't actually see le pen improving her chances on her own . 
  that 400k and 600k difference between le pen , melenchon and fillon is extraordinary ... france was very close to an unexpected set of second round candidates . 
  `` she had previously said she is not a candidate of her party and the policy platform she stood was hers and not reflective of the front national . '', 
  but i do n't speak french to read actual french media and it 's a uk newspaper , so ... take with a grain of salt ?
