  i think it has to do with completely losing trust in our leaders , who fail to fulfull their promises . 
  hence people turn to more radical leaders who promise quick action . 
  why ? 
  i think because we have all forgotten that leaders fulfill promises when there is pressure to fulfill them ... in other words , what will happen to them if they do n't ... and nothing really happens to these leaders these days . 
  after all , they may even get a seat in the eu commission after their tenure is over , far away from their electorate . 
  it 's not like the other side is far ahead in terms of reasonableness . 
  it 's basically `` pro-immigration '' vs `` anti-immigration '' , `` pro-eu '' vs `` anti-eu '' , etc almost all the time . 
  hell , even now with macron and le pen . 
  people wants more change . 
  i already stated the objections below . 
  add brexit to that list , the whole leadership should have gone away the day the results were announced while admitting that their actions and policies influenced this . 
  in a proper functioning world at least . 
  not with the current leadership and course . 
  since we are n't getting a real change in those and will soon get `` more eu '' i ca n't see myself supporting a federation . 
  in a fast-moving world of high technology i do n't see centralization as a boon and i see my ideal europe as an alliance of free nations , that are actually willing to cooperate , not being forced into by `` migrant quotas '' or whatever . 
  but this is an extremely complicated topic , so i think arguing on some sub-topic would probably be more productive . 
  `` this article acts like this putin was a reaction to the oligarchs '' you didnt actually read the article , did you ? 
  it says almost the exact same thing that you wrote : `` the injustice of it all was infuriating for average russians , and they longed for a strongman to restore order . 
  in 1999 , they found one : vladimir putin . 
  rather than restoring order , however , putin replaced the 22 oligarchs with himself alone at the top . 
  from my own research , i estimate that in his 18 years in power he has stolen $ 200 billion from the russian people . '', 
  lepen is definitely not xenophobic or ethnocentric , unless your viewpoint is a pro-mass immigration , pro-globalisation one . 
  you can argue all you want , but that 's just how it is . 
  perhaps , sounds reasonable, 
  nope , my argument is , if the nazi are called far-right and le pen is also called far-right , but lacks the inhumane radicality of the nazis , how can they be called the same ? 
  unless you 're the type of person for whom anyone who wants to cut immigration in any way possible is far-right . 
  that 's the french interior ministry 's figures i think . 
  others are reporting 92 % counted . 
  bullshit , at best they are both hard-right , and when talking about sarkozy that is more of an overstatement . 
  my argument still stands - if she is far-right , then who are the neo-nazis ? 
  the ones that actually support hitler-like policies . 
  you are simplifying politics , nothing more . 
  if spd rules out a coalition with cdu then those greens and linke become pretty important . 
  `` leben '' le pen is most likely making it to the second round , yes . 
  the whole `` le-pen is far right '' is pretty unaccurate . 
  if she is far-right , then what do you call actual neo-nazi movememnts who praise hitler ? 
  they 're the far-right , she is hard-right , as one term goes , at best . 
  i 've seen chiense international news calling her centre-right and fillon - liberal right . 
  `` hillary was never more than a few points ahead . '', 
  while i agree with you in the case for france , this is not what the whole media said before the us election and hence what most people knew and thought . 
  even on election day , and i 've watched most of them just out of interest . 
  and this `` was never more than a few points ahead '' became more common knowledge only after her defeat , when `` some '' people actually started looking at the whole thing more critically . 
  chechnya is also a pretty tribal/clan-focused . 
  other nations have passed this `` phase '' a long time ago i believe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/teip teip ( also taip and taipa , vaynakh \u0442\u0430\u0439\u043f\u0430 [ \u02c8tajp\u0259 ] : family , kin , clan , tribe [ 1 ] ) is a chechen and ingush tribal organization or clan , self-identified through descent from a common ancestor and geographic location . 
  there are about 130-233 teips ( though some sources state that there may be as many as 300 ) . 
  more than 20 teips originated from newcomers , in particular avars , kumyks , jews , georgians , russians , turks . 
  the taips descending of non-ingush or non-chechen ancestors are called impure teips ( in other language : su ' lijn taipa , \u0441\u043e\u044c\u043b\u0438 \u0442\u0430\u0439\u043f\u0430 ) . 
  a teip 's internal dynamic is based on honor , and blood feuds play a major role . 
  please continue , more great british banter please . 
  `` i do n't think france would go along with that '' france is even more pessimistic about the eu than the british according to different polls . 
  so it might not be that simple . 
  melenchom fading/stagnating ? 
  i guess there is point where he cant sap hamon and probably le pens voters anymore . 
  i am pretty sure i 'm not the only one who does n't give a feck what celebrity supports which politician . 
  i wonder if a whole mass of nutjobs came in support of some politician , would the politician have to reject it for each and every one of them just so he would not be tainted by it ? 
  sounds ridiculous . 
  unless it 's a woman they agree with - then it 's a problem :d oh boy , i remember those arguments in the us election . 
  the same points repeated time and time again , nice try dwb . 
  and of course not a single word about the overall culture of the refugees , not a single word on what their views on women 's rights , gay rights , etc might be . 
  judging by their country of origin and the fact that their women tend to wear religious clothes i say they are all progressive and fit right into europe . 
  also putin and moscow mayor sobjanin style , i reading about those , especially the latter , where one of russia 's more known opposition leaders was participating , and they decided not to attend the debates . 
  i suspect the proposal is of the `` satisfy everyone '' sort . 
  the australian one is n't , because it ' heaivly criticized but it seems to be working with a 90 % descrease in arrivals . 
  once more , there must be political will . 
  australia was heavily criticized for this by organizations and forces who share views with the current governments in major european countries . 
  this is what 's blocking it . 
  it 's because there it is no political will among others . 
  no will = no funds for any project = no project . 
  `` a rescue in the open sea can not be a ticket to europe , because it gives organized crime every argument to persuade people to escape for economic reasons , '' sobotka said . 
  i know that smugglers are a problem , but why ca n't he also add that some people actually want to abuse this `` rescue in open sea '' because it benefits them ? 
  that the demand is there , so supply catches up . 
  it 's a no-brainer for someone who lived in poverty or around people in poverty and understands their mindset . 
  it is quite common that poor people can do anything , abuse any law to get out of poverty . 
  we take as an example and we modify it to our situation . 
  australia is n't exactly small . 
  the main thing about the plan is turning back the boats , strict and unforgiving asylum laws , processing centres where you ca n't just walk out and go roaming all across europe wherever you want . 
  not austria , but you can take this as an example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_sovereign_borders, 
  and al lthat hasnt been happening in the last 5 years ? 
  i get what you point you are trying to make , but 5 years is not enough . 
  maybe 20-30 years , yes , there i see a bigger problem simply because the muslim population will probable be larger and i dont see anyone who could solve their integration , poverty problem . 
  i think a more convincing argument for melenchon and le pen is that they are both more radical than the others , hence their supporters are probably more angry and enthusiatic about voting . 
  they will come to the polls . 
  will everyone , who says he will vote for macron , actually come and vote for him ? 
  for a banker with a pro-european message ? 
  doubtful . 
  but macrons powerful appeal is that he is neither radical nor the same old establishment candidate ( or has that image ) . 
  serious question - why 5 years will amke a difference ? 
  what exactly will happen in 5 years ? 
  who says that in 5 years there wont be another candidate with a better appeal than le pen ? 
  good observation , i have no idea , maybe he 's a eurocommunist even . 
  literally is n't . 
  `` i am not alexis tsipras , i do n't negotiate for 17 hours with people who offend me , '' told french daily le parisien . '', 
  `` he is n't tsipras , he is worse ! '', 
  - that 's what some are going to say now i bet , cause tsipras 's negotiation basically ended with him accepting the deal . 
  communist france sounds about right :d on a serious note , this small comic reeks of a biased view . 
  its on the same level as `` delusional facts '' , `` racist facts '' . 
  `` criticizing the ysk 's last-minute decision to deem unsealed ballot papers as valid at the start of the vote-counting process '' how exactly is that justifiable ? 
  remember austria , when it was found that if election fraud was technically possible , although not proven , they had a re-run of the election ? 
  i wanted to write that it 's highly unlikely , and i still think it is , but we do n't know whats going to happen in the next 50 days .
