  they are apologizing now because that is easier than to admit the candidate you liked was n't good enough , that something might be wrong with their views . 
  trump was a protest vote for many . 
  so was brexit . 
  what really surprises me is that most of those who opposed them still preach the same things they preached before . 
  reach out and start researching why people are not happy with the status quo . 
  you will learn something and they will as well , i am sure of it . 
  it can be , but it 's optional . 
  the whole perception of what the eu means has changed from time to time , i do n't mean the definition , i mean the project itself . 
  so france had nothing to do with this ? 
  france does n't control its territory anymore now ? 
  did n't they allow some of the migrants to actually go to the uk after all ? 
  way to go , you just proven their strategy right . 
  you either let them have their way or you do n't , and they continue to use the same strategy . 
  that still means a shift to the right from hollande . 
  a pair of feckin ' women 's knickers !, 
  technically pm r\u00f5ivas can still say `` no '' and the other parties will back down , but that seems less and less likely every hour , since the coalition partners have already declared that they started talks with the main opposition party . 
  and the pm party 's figures are in full fearmongering mode now , whether they are right or not , but it shows that the situation is bad for them . 
  it does n't say in the article that they stole the money or cellphone , they took it away , pretty standard police practice , if they do n't give it back eventually - then yes , you could say that , but i do n't see that being mentioned yet . 
  i 've spent 40 years consulting the us presidents and you 're wrong . 
  please , do n't waste your childish naivety on me , thank you . 
  so rare to see someone who knows greenlandic , cool !, 
  does n't seem dead to me . 
  just opened obama 's . 
  miller did nothing wrong imo . 
  the problem lies or might lie with the mps if they vote to essentially block brexit , which is kind of uncertain now . 
  `` 504 gateway time-out '' . 
  corbyn is hilarious , he did n't participate actively in the referendum ( as he should have , he 's the leader of the opposition , cameron did ) . 
  and he is , for example , pro immigration . 
  which is more of a pro-remain policy . 
  the guy is just trying to attract support by playing a double game ... 
  the fact that it is populated by 30 % russians does n't mean they are all pro-russian and will take up arms , and it does n't mean the other 70 % are all pro-moldovan or pro-russian . 
  just pointing out . 
  the irish one is great again . 
  again reminded me of a joke - `` i support a united ireland . 
  under british rule '' . 
  if this really happens the consequences will far outweigh any potential ones for brexit . 
  those who support this outcome are delusional if they think every single leave voter is going to accept this . 
  either way i think it 's going to be a real catastrophe for labour , it will be devastating compared to even what they have today , if labour mps vote against article 50 en masse . 
  this will be a perfect moment for ukip to seize part of those voters , as has been discussed many times before . 
  i disagree with him , if the parliament stops brexit from happening i 'd expect an even stronger shift to euroskepticism in europe . 
  lots of people will see it for what it is - a clear defiance of the popular will . 
  oh yeah , labour is the one party that is going to get hit on next ge if they vote against article 50 - that or corbyn is finished and there will either be a real split of the party or smth like that . 
  the answer is right there , after the quote you posted - '' ... where non-muslims girls where systematically picked '', 
  are there any sign that there will be a majority voting for article 50 ? 
  the whole hype about the news seems overblown , unless there is solid evidence that enough mps will actually rebel against the referendum and face whatever consequences that will entail . 
  ca n't see what a few siin fein seats can do in that case , that 's why it 's another move to gain political points . 
  people are downvoting because a part of the remain supporters ( journalists , media in general ) are basicly calling to ignore the referendum and stay in the eu regardless of the vote , and this `` court ruling '' is the first step to giving the mps the power to make britain stay . 
  independence - in what way ? 
  you did n't say that , i asked you a question , no need to take everything so personal . 
  the article suggest that the brexit vote should be avoided by saying it deserves the same respect as boaty mcboatface , while you say that the brexit referendum was `` black and white '' . 
  but then so was the original 1975 referendum if we talk about further european federalization , european army , etc. 
  your questions like `` of those who voted remain , how many of them are staunch european federalists ? '', 
  could be said in the same manner about that referendum , but i do n't see it 's result being questioned by the same people . 
  if we take the same criteria and apply it to the 1975 referendum , should it 's result be then considered null and void ? 
  the question then was : `` do you think the united kingdom should stay in the european community ( the common market ) ? '', 
  it also does n't say in the official question whether voting `` yes '' means saying `` yes '' to a european army , to further eruopean federalization in general . 
  i 'm not sure about this one , some may actually get points from part of the remain electorate for that . 
  it 's pretty clear that at least a part of it does not respect democracy when it does n't match their preferred choice , so it is a possibility . 
  i think , yes , he did , but it 's fair to say that it was understood widely that if that does n't go well , then tsipras will do something radically different , like leave the negotiations altogether . 
  but he did n't and he accepted brussels demands afaik . 
  it was actually a surprise to me that this has n't happened sooner , in 2015 after that referendum , when tsipras basically accepted everything brussels demanded , even though the oxi decision those days meant the rejection of it and potential grexit ... 
  well , we ca n't exactly change the world if they do n't want to themselves . 
  the difficult thing is that they do n't actually fall ideally into any of those categories and are usually a mixture of everything ... pretty sure they are a few politicians , as significant or insignificant as they can be , that are not very secular but belong to the secular right . 
  even if the majority of the party is n't . 
  exactly , both issues are actually present at the same time : there is a problem with russia and there is this alt-right/far-right/anti-immigration movements that have not appeared out of nowhere . 
  and will not disappear as easily . 
  if the anti-social programmers ever get to the sun , and the beaches !, 
  now i 'm exaggerating , but not a lot i think ... 
  the `` low rent '' is kind of nice , as long as the wages are n't equally low !, 
  the equal distribution is pointless unless it either becomes mandatory and they ca n't leave once they are settled or they get paid extra for staying in the `` poorer '' parts of the union , which include all of the `` post-communist bloc `` and even portugal , etc. . . 
  the recent flight of refugees from latvia proves it . 
  never mind the typical article , the real crisis is that a significant enough amount of migrants/refugees do not integrate and do n't have enough incentives to do so . 
  i believe it 's because of all the welfare , aid programs and the minimum wage that europe has , not that i 'm advocating we should abolish them , but they are `` ruining '' the migrant flow for us . 
  in theory and partially in practice ( usa end of 19th century ) if europe had no or very small welfare programs then only actual refugees would come , and the wave of economic migrants would be easier to manage . 
  there would also be less incentive to group in closed societies or ghettos , which live in their own world with higher crime rates , because there 'd be no welfare to leech on , so even an initially high crime rate should not last . 
  should be welcome only if there is some strict process of their return . 
  i do n't actually see any , even though the balkan refugees returned ( which is at least geographically easier for them ) . 
   statalist ( not moldovenist ) what does that mean ? 
  it 's statalist and not unionist ... 
  not unreasonable , but judging from experience in other countries if it turns out they ca n't actually do anything serious then they 're going to be out of the parliament in 2 elections max . 
  and for a long time . 
  and honestly , any pirate party does n't have the popularity to feck around with candidates who are there only for promoting themselves , it seems . 
  best of luck to the icelandic pirates though , since birgitta has a chance . 
   dissidents are regularly purged in online ballots would really like to hear more about this !, 
  how are they going to get into power , if polls show them barely at 22-24 % ? 
  with the independence party closely behind or tied . 
  eli5 why gibraltar did n't approve it with the rest of the uk ? 
  would be interesting to see these numbers broken down into demographic groups ... 
  free trades can be beneficial and can have negative effect , it depends solely on the conditions agreed ... that 's why it takes so long to agree on these conditions . 
  i know what he means , approximately at least it 's probably about legislation , overall relations and economy , but i can the outrage imagine if someone said that some country is not `` european '' enough :d, 
  russians call it czechia actually , but that is because it is \u0427\u0435\u0445\u0438\u044f in their language already . 
  `` they 're making use of it to further their political goals . '', 
  can be said similarly about the rest of belgium 's governments , it all depends on who you are suppprted by , if your support comes from corporations then supporting ceta is your political goal . 
  i actually meant that i do n't believe him to be the most famous person . 
  we took the heat with alfred rosenberg , which i hardly believe is true :d, 
  you are falsely implying that all 500 million people support ceta . 
  why ? 
  what does being a programmer have to do with the outcome of the election - generlaly curious . 
  i do n't get it , are the `` peasants '' going to be against technology ? 
  please define the term `` populist policies '' ?
