  no it 's not going to help , it 's most likely not that difficult to escape this control , and the police is n't actually using the already available data anyway and efficiently . 
  2 years ago the paris attackers used unencrypted sms text messages and they still succeeded . 
  yeah , let 's control the internet , that will help . 
  so why post a comment about it ? 
  people have no idea what the best solution is , so every idea will be thrown around . 
  making a comment suggesting that there is going to be a nasty argument is n't helpful . 
  the argument will take place anyway , because the status quo stinks for too many people . 
  this is an eternal debate , because while that is true that these palestinians who are alive now did n't conquer it , it is abusable as hell . 
  conquer land , bring your population to land , breed , then claim foreign land as yours . 
  this is why there is no good solution , no one will have what he wants unless the other side is obliterated basically . 
  it would n't mess that up the balance even nearly as much as letting them or even only the girl stay , because that would mean that european laws are nothing . 
  that there is no responsibility for breaking them , no repurcussions . 
  and why did you omit the fact that these are not just people , they broke the law , they abused the system of appeal . 
  since their asylum request was rejected they have no valid legal execuse to stay . 
  and very likely no actual excuse to get asylum anyway if they were rejected so much in germany . 
  the parents are responsible for fucking up her life , europe is not responsible for that and should not be responsible . 
  this would seriously disturb the balance of rights and responsibilities . 
  the parents are the only ones to blame . 
  only projected amount of seats ultimately matters , i don\u00e4t see many of those complicated studies done recently . 
  i 've actually only seen one . 
  because the common perception of most african countries is that they are shitholes to live in . 
  i 'm not proud how the supposed eu leadership is choosing their words , ca n't they just get on with it quietly and professionally ? 
  wait until the usa under trump starts increasing its carbon emissions more rapidly than before because of `` coal '' thus `` compensating '' the reductions of the other countries . 
  basically there will be no difference for the planet . 
  unless trump is going to renegotiate some other deal , like he says now ? 
  so , without the us then ? 
   not going to be very effective i 'm afraid ... 
  sure , but i did n't ask about the customs union once here . 
  labour is promising single market access as well . 
  so which country has single market access and no freedom of movement ? 
  link to labour manifesto : we will scrap the conservatives ' brexit white paper and replace it with fresh negotiating priorities that have a strong emphasis on retaining the benefits of the single 0arket and the customs union -- which are essential for maintaining industries , jobs and businesses in britain . 
  labour will always put jobs and the economy first . 
  labour is promising single market access as well . 
  so which country has single market access and no freedom of movement ? 
  link to labour manifesto : we will scrap the conservatives ' brexit white paper and replace it with fresh negotiating priorities that have a strong emphasis on retaining the benefits of the single 0arket and the customs union -- which are essential for maintaining industries , jobs and businesses in britain . 
  labour will always put jobs and the economy first . 
  any examples of real countries which have single market access , but do n't have freedom of movememnt ? 
  norway accepts freedom of movement , for example . 
  hmm , from the labour manifesto : retain benefits of single market and customs union . 
  yet they promise an end to the freedom of movement . 
  how ? 
  or do they not promise that anymore ? 
  `` negotiating the separation with britain will divert the eu 's attention from its own existential crisis '' there is no existential crisis , no problems like the refugee crisis and thus no reforms needed , what is he even talking about ? 
  everything 's fine . 
  the answer to that should be obvious from my previous comment , but unless the majority of other people think so as well it does n't matter . 
  there are people who use `` men and women are equal and should have equal rights '' in discussing one issue and then revert to `` genders are not equal in all areas '' in other issues then having principles is being at a disadvantage . 
  you ca n't suggest `` only men are expendable and must defend children and women , not the other way around '' , but then , for example , support the right of women to not give birth to a child and many other things , it 's a slippery slope . 
  any middle ground assumes you disagree with the following statement being applied to all areas of life - `` men and women are equal '' in one way or the other . 
  then the whole ideology starts to fall apart , because if one of the issues is on the table and up for discussion then every single one is . 
  which i 'm fine with . 
  edit : typos , corrections . 
  let 's assume this logic is correct , then is a woman who cannot/doesn ' t want to give birth expendable ? 
  we 're getting very close to pre-21th century logic here , but go on . 
  that 's sexist . 
  we do n't live in that world anymore where it is acceptable to say things like that . 
  unless you admit the gender equality ideology is at least somewhat wrong, 
  `` i support women 's rights , but '' ... you do n't support men 's rights . 
  got it , you 're a radical feminist , who does n't give a shit about men . 
  the whole `` protect their women and children '' is outdated now , unless you admit that the gender equality ideology is bullshit and everything that was `` sexist '' in the past is still on the table and acceptable . 
  if women are entitled to be protected then giving birth to children and raising them should be a must as well for women , in the exact same way . 
  although germany has no consripction last i checked since 2011 , so i do n't where your comment comes from in the first place . 
  do n't want to go to the army - do n't join . 
  i see this move by trump as very despicable , it seems that he aims to raise carbon emissions , while the rest of the world will try to lower them , if the paris agreemtn works then he 'll claim that `` look , it 's fine , not as bad '' . 
  basically he wants to use the rest of the world 's efforts for his gain . 
  if the rest of the world has a spine it will slap some sort of carbon tax on us goods , but this might not end well , the cynycal person in me suggests . 
   may wants a huge majority so that she can ` betray ' the electorate by pushing for an extremely soft brexit even labor promises very explicitily the end for freedom of movement of people , that 's not going to end well for the conservatives if it happens . 
  also be a us-ally against a mayor rival ( china/north korea ) , although i do n't know much about indonesia in this regard . 
  the huge problem here is unless the middle east organizes itself some way our governments wo n't help them for purely cynical reasons . 
  or there is the nazi germany way , where they fuck up su much so bad that we will help them for our sakes , but even the marshall plan had also the goal of stopping western communists from taking power in france/italy and stopping soviet influence . 
  economic reforms basically mean growing a future competitor , so that 's not going to happen like that i think . 
  imo it 's not a problem of religious sects or movements at all , it 's a spillover of the extreme poverty and lack of opportunities problems in muslim-majority countries that translates into radicalism as a solution . 
  you mean pussies like hungary and poland , as bad as their government are , who are at least actively resisting the stupid quotas , not to mention other measures taken by hungary ? 
  now imagine the outrage about the whole crisis if the actual refugee numbers were 25 times lower . 
  from what i 've heard this is not as if russia is the main culprit here , the multiple bloody and cruel instances of violence bteween azeris and armenias tell a different tale . 
  i just ca n't see how taking russia out of there would not bring immediate war . 
  the difference is that trump owns that penthouse , while i 'm pretty sure macron does n't personally own the president 's office . 
  i had the impression that this is not a thing anymore almost anywhere . 
  if this is true , then what would be your reaction to a white-only event on some private property ? 
  more appropriate title would be `` vive le roi ! '', 
  judging by his comment history i 'm not even sure who he is . 
  someone suggested he `` post this on r/europe '' so he probably did , which is kind of a hint that he might be one of those `` anti-racism '' - type persons , which are almost as cancerous as the actual alt-right folk that can be seen in the comments of the linked video . 
  the only reason to `` post this on r/europe '' is because we criticize immigration here , i see no other highly upvoted posts here that might trigger a person like that . 
  `` the dealership 's manager , terry kindeleit , giving evidence at the inquest , told the coroner that some of the pranks were `` in response to george 's behaviour such as being cheeky or lippy '' , but added that his personal makeup would not allow him to turn a blind eye to anything inappropriate . '', 
  great excuse there , which is highly unlikely to be true , the `` cheeky or lippy '' part usually translates to `` i do n't like his face '' excuse . 
  pretty sure none of these boys would be happy if they were subjected to the same `` pranks '' , even though they claim everyone is . 
  well , not the biggest and not of the millennia ... and perhaps there is another reason - we have become softer on integration . 
  people who do not integrate or who do not contribute anything useful should n't have been allowed to come , this includes people with regressive , archaic values who staunchly refuse to change . 
   my best guess would for her to woo the lib dems again . 
  the libdems will be annihilated if the do n't demand something extraordinary in that case , i just ca n't see an essentially pro-brexit party copperate easily with an essentially anti-brexit party in the sense that the libdems agree with the referendum , but want a second one and want free movement , etc. 
  if the libdems are going to lose seats again that just spells that tim farron has to go . 
  of course once the uk actually leaves the eu this might be a different story ... but not being able to profit from the anti-brexit altitude is pretty bad for the libdems . 
  `` right now there 's this weird in-between position where there 's demands to integrate but no wish to accept them at the same time . 
  it does not work this way . '', 
  yes , yes it does . 
  if these people have something actually valuable in terms of culture or values this will be accepted automatically . 
  yet what a lot of them bring wonderful things like fgm , disdain for women , gay rights in one of the worst possible forms , disdain for the rule of law , especially western one and so on . 
  integrate or do n't come . 
  that 's it . 
  but it take strength to enforce that and interest in the outcome which translates into political will . 
  but when you see the future refugees as your electorate or whatever other purpose - then of course you 're going to be soft on them as a politician .
