  to clarify , how do we classify ethnic czechs , who are ultra-religious , want to ban homosexuality , etc ? 
  not czech ? 
  as some group of radical christians , not directly associated with the czech ? 
  `` for centuries the germans were wont to leave their homeland , emigrating to places such as america , where the statue of liberty ... '' did the immigrants , that came to the usa , want to change the basic principles of united states , such as indivual liberty and etc ? 
  did they want to live by their own rules and laws , different from the host nation 's , just on american soil , just as radical sharia law supporters seems to want ? 
  so they did change their position at least slightly , kind of expected that , probably why the gained a bit in the polls too , while the swedish democrats sunk a bit . 
  this is awesome !, 
  out of curiosity , what exact refugee policies of the kinberg batra are so attractive to voters ? 
  any details on this ? 
  may 3 , 1990 that 's the soviet union we 're talking about here , can you give an exampe when the russian federation blackmailed europe over energy ? 
  the number of people claiming welfare benefits rose by 11,000 to 459,000 over the first three months of this year o_o maybe it 's 45 900 and not 459 000 ? 
  one of the next lines seems stranger then : the total number of claims has been boosted by the arrival of syrian refugees , who accounted for 10,000 of the 15,000 increase recorded in 2015 as a whole, 
  used to be is the key here , because assad was kind of a bit more secular than the more islamist leaders elsewhere ( and now in syria itself ) . 
  mihai ghimnpu was the best , hahaha :d, 
  you are somewhat wrong , it 's about them not giving a feck about anyone or anything else , by being greedy and expansionist . 
  i think this is what lies beneath the explanations you gave , which might even be true , but i feel are just an outer layer to what is really beneath them . 
  it 's pure aggression . 
  and everything to justify it to themselves . 
  i managed to see it , the comments were locked already though . 
  here 's how i remember that post `` in the 90s europe shoved the idea of human rights down our throats , but when the time came to put them to the test with the refugee crisis , they started hating all them migrants who are taking their money away , racism , do n't want to accept refugees , etc '', 
  freedom , and generosity in the form of welfare can be abused and is abused . 
  since a lot of migrants started abusing this , then many europeans turned against them . 
  it is stupid to be tolerant to those who are themselves intolerant to you. , who hate gays , women , and christians . 
  it is stupid to accept those who lie about their age and country of origin to receive asylum and benefits . 
  that 's non-marital , marital . 
  you wrote martial , martial , so that 's where the confusion comes from , 
  to be fair , you did n't answer my question , which was n't about the people who are culturally compatible . 
  and to be absolute honest i view the `` one should be careful with sweeping statements about nationalities . '', 
  statement as having an actual meaning of `` we should n't do/are afraid/don ' t know what to do about those who do are intolerant of our ways and want to change them '' . 
  i must ask - what do you think we should do about those who are intolerant , who are not culturally compatible ? 
  `` what you need is really the right people '' i do n't understand what you 're saying and mean by `` the right people '' . 
  i suppose you mean people , who come from a culture that is civilized enough to include tolerance in their `` cultural code '' or however you can call that . 
  is that it ? 
  okay , i will ask directly : which nations do you believe are not culturally compatible ? 
  and most importantly - why . 
  because if you know who is compatible , then you should know who is not . 
  and that is what i called `` racist '' in my post , it was not specifically about orban 's positions , it was about the perception of his positions . 
  `` being a part of a larger international community ? '', 
  specifically social media - facebook and vk are actually just different products , and not the `` international community '' . 
  this is like saying `` why do n't you drink coca cola , instead of drinking whatever drink you make in your own country '' . 
  just pointing it out , i get what you wanted to say , though , but your examples have more to do with business than with international connections between people . 
  `` with a high degree of cultural compability ( east asians , hindus etc ) . '', 
  are you saying that some nations are less culturally compatible with europeans that others ? 
  are you racist ? 
  / s seriously though , do you understand , that saying something like that , for example , in the press will be viewed as racist in modern europe ? 
  like wilders , orban racist ? 
  because the next thing you 'd probably be asked is - which nations do you believe are not culturally compatible ? 
  and most importantly - why . 
  that 's not how i remember it , if we skip the whole part of actually linking to polls numbers , i remember expecting the scottish indyref to be either a win for the independence camp or a very close 49-51 or smth , judging by the polls i 've seen personally . 
  even some of the tories led by cameron campaign for remain , what is there to be shy of ? 
  especially since young people are more pro-remain . 
  editted : wrote that cameron campaigned for leave , when of course he campaigns for remain now . 
  i remember the polls before the uk general election 2015 and what really happened , perhaps there are `` shy brexiters '' , who unlike the loud nigel farage , will just vote to leave quietly . 
  he said providing those who want to go back themselves with planet tickets or whatever might be needed , i believe finland did this with iraqi refugees already . 
  or do what i said in my comment above . 
  remember those posts , which criticized people , who `` whine about germany taking in refugees , it 's none of their business '' ? 
  we do n't have to sent them back , they will go back themselves , if we make the camps basicly for survival and minimal advancement only . 
  maybe allow them to educate their children in the camp , if they want to . 
  but no citizenship , no pass to europe , no welfare , no job . 
  once the economic migrants realize they are wasting their time they will start going back , like some of them have tried going back to turkey . 
  genuine , civilized refugees will be ok with this . 
  `` many not on the basis of their immigration policies '' that 's the problem . 
  they still get the whole `` package '' , including these immigration policies , no matter what they vote on and since these parties actually received votes , why should they change ? 
  now that there is at least some outrage on the whole refugee crisis , the swedish democrats rose in the polls , etc , now they started thinking how to change their narrative . 
  i think societies will become more self-segregated idelogically , something like this : business people/high or middle earning middle class will be predominantly right-wing/centre-right , migrants , students , unemployed and especially migrants will be left-leaning . 
  nah , they can get those voters back , they need to dismiss all the people who pushed the stupid old narrative and change their narrative in this one particular field of immigration . 
  `` provide actual solution past an emotional veto '' at least the voters are sending a message , that you ai n't getting much votes if you 're ignoring the issue . 
  until they are actual parties , who are not far-right and are reasonable on immigration this will continue . 
  err , no , the left party , centre party , liberal party , green party , moderate party and the social democratic party - all of them have supported the open borders policies that lead to this crisis . 
  you can find several statements from leaders and top politicans from all of these , who think or thought they 're not `` doing enough '' for the `` refugees '' , or simply want more of them . 
  you sound a bit butthurt . 
  calm down . 
  so a girl just becomes a radical muslim all by herself , no outside influence . 
  yeah , right . 
  i suspect that the whole `` they should respect their decision '' in reality means `` we 'll do nothing about it '' . 
  and i do n't see anyone doing anything about saudi arabia just because they endorse slavery , same about nazi germany and the ussr . 
   estonians kind of trust their government way more than a lot of other countries . 
  o_o no we do n't , we trust our government services more , perhaps , but not the government itself . 
  actually the whole `` everybody knows everybody '' in reality means that we know you need connections to get a high position , i 've heard many a time how people complained that it 's who your classmates where in school that determines how likely you are to get certain jobs . 
  sadly , estonia is a small country , we just do n't have a large enough demand for goods , many of us have small wages . 
  so retailers wo n't need that absence of red tape ... tech companies wo n't care that much anyway . 
  an acquaintance of mine with experience in business said that it 's difficult to open a shop in estonia and stay profitable enough to satisfy the opening in the first place simply because we do n't have many people living here . 
  on the other hand opening something in moscow , for example , with a very large population is pretty profitable , simply because he 's likely to find customers there . 
  never mind the problems with corruption , etc. . . 
  that still proves my point that it adds nothing but mental satisfaction to some . 
  what he 's probably implying is that ukraine 's economy is in a dire state and they act like they have nothing better to do . 
  this renaming will cost money and will add nothing to the economy ,, 
  `` the ukrainian parliament has voted to change the name ... '' exactly . 
  when you 're economy is in one of the worst shapes in the region , then yeah , the reasonable thing is to solve that problem first . 
  it costs some money and adds virtually nothing other than some form of mental satisfaction . 
  what the ? 
  you do n't owe me anything . 
  weere you dragged and made to post on gunpoint ? 
  i certainly hope not . 
  people with opposing views like `` let those refugees in '' / `` do n't let any of them in '' are bound to collide in a debate somewhere . 
  thank you , but i live in the real world , where there are opinion polls which tell me that i 'm right , numerous newspaper articles , tens of thousands of comments on all types of media etc. 
  if you 've found effort and time to write up your comment about how futile it is to argue , then you are just begging for a debate . 
  because people who think something is a waste of time do n't berag about it , they just do n't waste their time on it . 
  they 're not dwindling quickly i think , a lot are just staying silent , because their opinion is becoming less and less welcome . 
  i think the question is simpler : is each and every citizen at fault for the actions of it 's government ?
