  the obvious answer is no , since not everyone votes for the people who form the government , who then goes to war , etc. 
  not to mention , that politicians lie . 
  this really is n't a question of who 's to blame , but of national and also personal interests . 
  i did n't support the iraq war , the libyan intervention , and i 'm not going to take the responsibility for them in the form of accepting the `` foreigners '' who are incompatible and do n't want to be compatible with my values . 
  `` they want putin-like leadership : just give me an authoritarian dictatorship and keep the foreigners out . '' i suspect he is more pissed about the `` foreigners '' than the whole `` authoritarian dictatorship '' bit . 
  because i can name a few authoritarian countries that mr. clinton is more or less fine about . 
  because the netherlands and scandinavia have a lot of migrants from countries with a much higher birth rate . 
  to be fair we have to compare the birth rates of ethnic swedes and dutch with the polish and italians . 
  and i would argue that poland and italy are not entirely religious countries , maybe in countryside , but today they are highly urbanized , so there is no substantial effect . 
  the whole level of religiousness is en masse not comparable to the 19th or first half of the 20th century levels . 
  that 's just plain denial . 
  i agree , even though i 'm not religious myself . 
  i think it 's possible , but tough to maintain healthy moral values without religion , when speaking of individuals , but it 's probably next to impossible on the scale of a whole society . 
  freedom is great , but abusable , since it 's sometimes easy to be irresponsible . 
  especially a type of freedom like in europe , where you still have a powerful welfare , good pensions etc. 
  this wo n't last long though , already crumbling and shrinking . 
  ... which represents about 1.3 % of the population . 
  and a lot of people agree with that , and this is exactly what is wrong with eurovision . 
  even though it 's not the show itself , it 's the people who vote based on their political preferences , not the actual song they like . 
  i feel that they tip the balance more than enough to make the show as shitty as it is . 
  `` you ca n't say the song was awful just because you think it is '' yes he can  that 's called having an opinion, 
  `` we would have a refugee relocation scheme which is fair to all member states '' even the small numbers of refugees who are destined to come to eastern europe , for example , are causing a rift . 
  we do n't need a relocation scheme , europe needs balls to sort out the refugees and the economic migrants , sending the latter back or to camps , until they go back to turkey or whatever themselves . 
  this is exactly why europe is divided , and what you are dreaming about in your post is basically a lack of opposition to brussels . 
  why should i answer any of your points when you ignore mine and just throw in some more ? 
  i will repeat one of my main points for you , which you and many others here simply ignore : `` we do n't want them , they 've proven themselves to be uncivilized just by the way they want to get here . 
  if you want them - fine . '', 
   we did n't bring them here . 
  you let them in . 
  people hate germany here because germany 1 . brings in those refugees 2 . then starts talking about distribution of refugees among other countries as well . 
  we do n't want them , they 've proven themselves to be uncivilized just by the way they want to get here . 
  if you want them - fine . 
  it 's some of the germans here on their high horses that are upset , how other countries do n't want to follow their example . 
  this is to typical of a response - some are rapists , some are murderes , and some are not rapists and murderers , but are from a culture that rejects most european values like equal rights , etc and will not give them up , and will teach their children to not give them up even when on european soil . 
  you are painting this liem they are in all aspects equal to us , and no they are not , the values of most of these people are certainly not the same as ours , hell , even europeans are different in this , but this is not even comparable to the differences between the european culture and some form of the islamic culture that refugees bring and that most are not going to give up . 
  we do n't have to bring them in at all , we are not obliged to give them access to our lifestyle , to our social systems , that our grandparents fought hard to build , we should build camps outside our countries , just like australia does with their detention centres , place them there , where they can survive and go back once this is over to rebuild their country . 
  this is both good and bad , it 's good because blocking the balkan route seems to be working at least in some way and bad because they might die on their way back to turkey . 
  but if this is what takes to halt the mass of refugees from turkey , by removing the incentives , sending a clear message that they will not be let in , then that is both in europe 's interests and at the same time will save the lives of those who would have wanted to attempt this journey , if the situation was the same as a year ago . 
  i had some respect for podemos , before i learned they want to bring more refugees into spain . 
  the same goes for varoufakis . 
  i have a feeling it will be syriza all over again , no real promised change in the economy , just more insane stuff like bringing more refugees . 
  `` lawmakers from the spanish left wing party podemos led by pablo iglesias , are staging a week-long hunger strike to rally public support for refugees '' https://www.yahoo.com/news/podemos-lawmakers-hunger-strike-spain-favour-refugees-150947955.html, 
  then any opposing campaign should be permitted , no matter how offensive , period . 
  + radicals , who wish this was implemented in their country , like syrian islamists . 
  this does n't have a lot to do with islam the religion , this is about a group of people , who identify with islam , using it as a unifying doctrine . 
  this is a classic `` us vs they '' attitude . 
  this is why these people should not be allowed to come to europe . 
  `` it 's not like there 's normal debate with logical reasoning here . '', 
  there 's been lots of that here , you just to chose to ignore it apparently , because you have no logical arguments on your own , only arguments in this style : `` i ca n't believe you 're so inhumane ! '', 
  `` if you were a refugee you 'd do the same '' etc. 
  i do n't know 100 % about these terrorists , but as practice shows the schools where most of the children are of immigrant non-eu background are ineffective at teaching western european values . 
  these values certainly clash with whatever they are being said at home , and guess who 's words are more powerful and influential , some teacher 's or their family , their relatives , their friends ? 
  they were born in europe , yes , but they lived in self-formed ghettos almost their entire life , which is a whole lot different than just living in europe , because the whole migrant community there is different as well . 
  this can be abused by smugglers and people willing to use smugglers , thus vessels can be saved , but people must be brought back to wherever they came from . 
  if they do n't say where they came from , or no country accepts them - take them to a camp with minimum things needed for survival . 
  at least that will heavily reduce the incentive to come here via smugglers or any other way in the first place . 
  i do n't see any good solution here , and just letting them in is no solution at all . 
  i thought the idea was to stop people from coming , not leaving . 
  quoting the express : `` in his manifesto , he proposed to reform the bloc then holding a referendum to give french voters the choice to accept the reformed terms of the eu membership of to leave the union . '', 
  thats where i got the referendum part , i don\u00e4t speak french , sadly to use other sources fully . 
  i guess you might know more about thsi , but melenchon if he even wins would not have a lot of time for all of this . 
  i only know he wants a referendum that seems pretty similar to what the uk had . 
  and cameron never said `` we want out '' . 
  and if melenchon want a referendum he basically wants that `` we want out '' option for his own people then . 
   it 'll probably have to rethink some of its current principles , which would probably be for the best . 
  i chuckled very hard on this one , i 'm sorry , but even brexit had no positive effect , and it seems to have pushed for an eu army even more and more integration as well . 
  unless you consider that positive , then melenchon is supposedly against all that . 
  still not enough for a proper melenchon surge , unless that one article on the net was right and he has , like le pen , the most devoted supporters , who will go and vote , while macron 's will stay home . 
  then realistically france could have a melenchon-le pen showoff , wow . 
  i 'm starting to think that for the eu this might be a more decisive moment that brexit . 
  germany is the richest and only has approx 1 % spending , so it will cost them a lot and give the nato more arms to no cost for the us , but if i assume the usa is consistent in that they will demand the same from spain and italy , good luck with that . 
  yeah , i read that in one article , which stated that le pen 's voters are of the most devoted ones ... 
  but i guess the question here is whether melenchon can actually make it to 2nd place in the first round and how is he going to get those missing votes ? 
  i assume there will be no more debates till april 23 , not sure whether he can get the needed votes through his rallies . 
  that 's why you should elect him for another 5 years after that , lol !, 
  actually , it seems france is definitely in the turbulence zone now , after being ruled by only two president mitterand and chirac for 26 years . 
  neither sarkozy nor hollande has been able to get a second term ... 
  are we ? 
  macron is more or less strong in the polls , maybe sliding down to 23 % a bit lately . 
  why are you confused ? 
  who do you think they should support then ? 
  the corrupt centre-right that usually fulfull only those promises that benefit them the super-rich directly ? 
  same for the centre-left , who more often than not embrace neoliberal policies of the centre-right . 
  it 's pretty clear that france and many other countries need to `` refresh '' their political elite , which must then help with social mobility with appropriate laws , whether they be left or right is another question . 
  the populists are a problem , but only because the non-populists are stagnant careerists . 
  `` we have seen , though , with the brexit referendum and the election of donald trump , that people vote for those who recognize their problems , whether or not the solutions they propose will work . '', 
  which makes you think if the ones that should have recognized the problems - the so called centre-rights and centre-lefts - are actually against the trumps and brexits . 
  if they are , why are they pursuing the same old strategy ? 
  if they are not , are they politically stupid and ready to hand over their seats and positions to others ? 
  or it reminds me of one article which stated hillary clinton and her elite is not actually afraid or that much against of trump , because she and the super rich will be just fine under him ( which is true , trump calmly dropped the whole `` lock her in '' thing ) , but who she is afraid are politicians like sanders , who might just shift the situation at least in some way , but you know who 's going to pay for it !, 
  and 9-13 % just said denmark ( dk ) !, 
  :d for no reason . 
  i like to believe that . 
  the text is very small , hard to read , more context please ? 
  official syria is not a state with a legitimate government , by the us definition . 
  in reality it 's not really a state anymore , just a territory with different factions . 
  but that does n't mean everything is permitted now , at least in terms of ethics . 
  somehow lacks detail this , are there no exact reasons state why she does n't have enough connection to denmark to stay ? 
  it feels like both parties have become complacent , the fact that hamon was chosen as a candidate felt like a shift , but too little too late and because it 's crystal clear they ca n't win the ordinary way . 
  provided that macron and le pen get to the second round that is .
