  posssible this summer already ? 
  why ? 
  ca n't europe just kick the can down the road again ? 
  `` their leader , christian lindner ( fdp ) , said last week that the best way forward is for greece to leave the eurozone , and for greek debt to be forgiven afterwards . '', 
  the fdp in germany is a bit eurosceptic ? 
  interesting , did n't know that . 
  opposing nato in a time when the us is strengthening the baltics against someone in the east does n't seem reasonable ... even though de gaulle did withdraw the military from nato command during the cold war . 
  and i have n't heard if any other candidate from the major parties supported this , that 's why it 's kind of marginal . 
  unless macron , fillon , hamon support it . 
  not very sure about the last one especially . 
  melenchon feels like a very marginal politician to me at least , someone who could never win the elections unless due to some really extreme circumstances . 
  like le pen , both oppose nato membership , or so i 've read . 
  so italy , greece could have just turned around the refugees at the border then , if their authorities wanted to do so ? 
  with no legal or other consequences ? 
  i stated an example and i want to see proof from you then , not abstract words . 
  the compulsory quota system which proposed actual fines for countries that refused to act and still obliged them to act in some time was what then ? 
  illegal to begin with ? 
  unless the eu grows a spine for dealing with the refugee crisis , for instance , we 're going to see more brexit-like events in the future . 
  that means taking tough decisions like turning away refugees , deporting those that are found to be illegible for asylum status , etc. 
  not to mention shit like sopa acts , etc. 
  + i see the news on the riots in france , whether the riots are actually that damaging and big or not . 
  the more they have these news the more it is likely le pen will get points for it . 
  imo this is a bit tricky , since lots of people tend not to think about the big picture at all , but rather think about their well-being first , it 's not a new phenomenon or anything , but the question might be whether there were and are people who lost because of the euro transition , whether they deserved it , were they compensated , should they be compensated , etc. 
  `` has the euro really caused more economic growth , more jobs and more economic stability ? 
  i do n't think it has . '', 
  i think it has , i could speak for one-two companies in estonia , but it would not be a very detailed analysis and would be more based on investor and company owner 's increased trust and lack of currency exchange fees . 
  we have calculations though , if economists are any good , after all , we are talking about the past , not the future , like it was with the eu referendum in the uk , for example . 
  i can imagine greece not joining the euro , because not every eu has joined it , unless there was some huge negative side of the pre-euro greece that was successfully cured by the euro and could not be realistically amended by something else . 
  but i see this as a very complicated debate , unless someone has studied this extensively ... 
  how do you define failure ? 
  and also , how trucidator defines failure , that would be an interesting question . 
  we could define it in the number of jobs lost , economic growth lost , economic crisis length shortened/prolonged and what consequences it all brings . 
  i feel this is huge debate , but different people in greece or other parts that may believe , truthfully or not , that the euro damaged their wellbeing will think differently . 
  is there any indication or argument that podemos would have lost much more votes if they had n't joined with iu ? 
  i doubt that 's true . 
  i was n't saying that they lost vote solely because they joined together , but it 's not obvious to me that they gained the 5 % or whatever iu had before . 
  in spain unidos podemos actually lost a bit of the popular vote overall , gaining no new seats . 
  i do n't believe in this , with hamon and melenchon , it did n't work in spain with podemos and the radical left , even though hamon is from the socialists . 
  in spain they did n't get additional votes in the general election by combining their forces . 
  right now i ca n't see how the polls are n't predicting a macron/fillon victory , whoever comes second in the first round . 
  it was pretty clear that brexit and trump were n't impossible based on the numbers , which were very close , but here - i just do n't see it . 
  unless we get another refugee crisis or some kind of migrant uprising that is so bad , and macron/fillon totally fail to react , or something . 
  i personally do n't think idealism is bad , as long as the idealist is more invested in pragmatic solutions than empty slogans . 
  maybe , but then they are those , who do n't care about politics much , and might go as mercenaries . 
  they are probably not counted here . 
  provided they do n't change their minds , of course . 
  whether in favor or against this . 
  no , no they do n't , they can be , but they do n't have to be . 
  maybe in swiss referendums they can be more frequently precise , but in big referendums like joining/leaving the eu they just ca n't be , because the wording and implications list would be enormous . 
  we have debates for that . 
  * polish death camps, 
  not how the world actually works , espeically politics . 
  that was a serious question , not a caricature . 
  real example , where someone refuses to do so : in switzerland , muslim schoolchildren who refuse to shake their teacher 's hand may be fined $ 5,000 https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/05/25/in-switzerland-muslim-schoolchildren-who-refuse-to-shake-their-teachers-hand-may-be-fined-5000/?utm_term=.31142ce9fd9a as per your caricature : 1 ) the softest , first response to this must be condemnation , debate , exchange of argument , if that does n't work ... 2 ) then exclusion from the social group until the subject learn the societal norms of this particular social group , , if that does n't work ... 3 ) more harsh measures , like said fine , because it 's basically against the law , which states that people ca n't be treated differently based on sex . 
  but it 's usually simpler in real life , since those who refuse to shake hands never have a good explanation for it , other than `` my faith '' , and people are worried about this only because it 's highly likely , that someone who holds such views will hold much more dangerous ones as well . 
  because of `` his faith '' , or in particular , how it is often interpreted in his societal group . 
  that 's just one example , sure . 
  but what do you propose then ? 
  you write `` with little interaction with the rest of france , then nothing will change '' , so what exactly do oyu propose the french do according to the `` integraiton goes both ways '' ? 
  let 's take women 's rights . 
  do the french stop shaking hands with women too ? 
  integration can go both ways , but only if the french want it . 
  if you 're a devout muslim , or someone who holds denigrating views towards women because of your faith , you come in some group and you do n't behave like the group - then , yeah , you will be disliked . 
  something like that . 
  without actually contacting with the french muslims i ca n't tell how exactly do they behave . 
  would that be an even more refugee-friendly coalition ? 
  while this may smell of corruption , i remember in estonia we had a small uproar when they raised taxes which harmed the hotel business . 
  good . 
  i keep asking myself , are people just going to flood the streets every time they do this ? 
  people are writing here that this is n't the first time they have attempted to pass a similar law . 
  yet anti-immigration parties are called far-right or extreme right ? 
  partido popular seems pretty right-wing to me with their restrictions to abortion , not even close to sanders ? 
  skeptic here , ca n't they just approve the law in 3 , 6 months or something ? 
  they should have resigned , all of them . 
  until it 's done it 's just talk talk talk . 
  hussein does n't , but saddam , if you take out one `` d '' means port . 
  totally irrelevant to your question , but still  had a surprised american friend ask me what does the `` sadam '' ( with no translation ) sign near the port mean . 
  i really do n't think it is , especially it 's pronounced in an american way - `` yeah '', 
  macron rallying voters from the right ? 
  the `` freedom to wear '' that you and some here are supporting is an `` extremist '' one , a pure laissez-faire approach , but to freedom of wear . 
  i 'd wager it\u00e4s never been practised anywhere at all , because sometimes a ban saves lives and people 's health . 
  waiting for the communities to sort it out themselves or through some `` community outreach '' is very naive , out of touch with reality , where said communities usually have authoritarian figures as heads who do n't give a shit what the rest of the world thinks and whose motto is `` if you do n't like it , come and change it by force '' . 
  and who will scream `` repression ! '', 
  when someone actually does come to help those women . 
  the only alternative then , is when women or men rebel in those communities themselves , but guess what 's going to be the first thing they will say if they succeed - `` why did you suspect this was happening for a long time and did n't do anything about it ? '' . 
  if they ever succeed . 
  i have addressed in another comment by saying that i believe this to be a band-aid solution , but until all serious talks of `` forcibly integrating '' the whatever small communities or simply individuals are a taboo - this banning business is going to be a thing . 
  maybe it 's more about sending a message . 
  on the other hand that will not work on the truly conservative/radical religious types of people . 
  i 'm fine if the woman wants that voluntarily , to wear the veil , as long as it is only about her and no one else . 
  but that 's not how it works sometimes . 
  i disagree , said conservative types understand either force or very dedicated effort against them , they might even see freedom of choice as a means , not something to be actually practised , the main problem remains is how to effectively determine who is wearing the face veil voluntarily . 
  i 'm not sure you can make the bully change his ways by doing nothing . 
  yes , those who might get beaten at home for not wearing this will surely tell me that openly . 
  if they could speak freely about it then it would probably be easier to solve this problem in a different way , but they ca n't without endangering themselves . 
  no i do n't feel the irony , those who wear not out of choice but because they will get beaten at home or in their community somehow concern me much more than those who wear it by choice . 
  even though i acknowledge that this is a band-aid type of a solution , but no solution seems worse to me , and as long as all talk about `` forcibly integrating '' those communities who spit on women 's and other people 's right is taboo this whole face veil banning is going to be a thing . 
  `` what people want to wear '' i kind of doubt that is the case for many of the people who wear the veil . 
  no , protesting , forming groups with goals and putting pressure does . 
  to be fair , the tories had allies in the likes of `` liberal unionists '' and other parties , who ultimately joined the tories or just dispersed .
