  wonderful . 
  whose voters can spd even attract ? 
  afd voters probably went back to cdu in fear of the left and greens being in a coalition government . 
  ca n't see why others would vore for them . 
  the general direction of politics is rightward at the moment almost everywhere in europe , whether towards right-wing parties or centrist . 
  `` why have n't you invested in eastern romania yet ? '', 
  why would i want to invest in the unstable republic of moldova ? 
  trump ruined some words it seems , just like the nazis ruined the swastika . 
  they should steamroll spain because of their last place on eurovision , would be very appropriate !, 
  all eastern european countries in the eu are very peaceful , no wars , growing economy , relatively low uneployment . 
  but , lower pensions , lower wages , much lower welfare than in western europe ... and that 's what some supposed `` refugees '' do n't want to see . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  some just want easy handouts , not actual opportunities . 
  `` as if there is nothing anyone could have possibly done about it '' i literally lol ` ed here  if any of the baltic states did anything to stop them from moving to other countries human righs organizations and some politicians will say we violate freedom of movement . 
  please stop posting shit like this , you and the other low-energy no-argument trolls . 
  how about refusing to look for job `` a software developer to diagnose patients along the other doctors '' ? 
  who 's forcing you or the artists exactly ? 
  so unless you perform alongside only top-quality artists - you are as shitty as the shittiest near you ? 
  or at least the average of everyone ? 
  that really sounds like some faulty logic . 
  '' it 's not the performers fault '' o_o they can just , you know ... sing better songs or not sing boring , standard , mostly meaningless music ( if that is the case , although very subjective ) ? 
  you 're argument sounds like they never ever have a choice in the matter what they do with their professional lives . 
  what ? 
  spain won !, 
  the way he does it is just ... professional ... 
  a cock to suck at the blender for the i_suck_at_blender guy, 
  glorious ... ... how the security grabs him afterwards and takes away , not shown in this version of the video though :d https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65aawp_gd00, 
  '' ( when i stopped going here because it had basically become stormfront ) '' gold , literally if you criticize the way the crisis was handled you are like the nazis at stormfront . 
  how ignorant and arrogant must you be to post this shit . 
  right , by that logic where is the modern-day warsaw pact ? 
  because it was also present at that time of peace - this big threat on the east called the warsaw pact , and after it and yugoslavia collapsed europe got the yugoslav wars , the transnistria conflict , and now ukraine and its donbass war . 
  by your logic we should get something similar to the warsaw pact back too . 
  i\u00e4ve read the article and basically only the sociliasts are actually crumbling and severely , others are trying to find their place in this new possible configuration of forces ... `` in disarray , the socialists ' official presidential candidate , mr hamon , announced on wednesday that he is going to launch a new movement to `` rebuild the left '' . '', 
  great , now it 's confirmed , good riddance , `` the socialist party is dead '' was pretty laughable . 
  i do n't know whether macorn wants him or not , but it would be a pretty bad move now to accept him , of they say smth like `` but we ca n't reject him '' would n't fly so well . 
  it would be basically confirming the `` hollande 2.0 '' suspicion . 
  does n't want him . '', 
  source for this ? 
  `` jean-paul delevoye , head of the committee for selecting parliamentary candidates for macron 's party , said any would-be candidate must respect the party 's rules and then the committee would review the application . 
  `` there is one extremely important criterion and that is the sincerity of ( the candidate 's ) support for the presidential programme , '' he told reuters . '', 
  the people 's front of judea is n't going to cooperate with the judean 's people 's front , are you mad ? 
  other sources : `` former socialist pm valls to seek parliamentary seat for macron 's party '' `` the socialist party is dead , it 's in the past , '' valls said tuesday on rtl . 
  `` it needs to move forward . '', 
  `` former socialist pm valls to seek parliamentary seat for macron 's party '' `` the socialist party is dead , it 's in the past , '' valls said tuesday on rtl . 
  `` it needs to move forward . '' basically things like things this and even so soon , lol . 
  well i took my info straight from the wiki page , it 's actually trickie than i thought https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_legislative_election,_2017 `` to be elected in the first round , a candidate is required to secure an absolute majority of votes cast ( i.e. , excluding null and blank votes ) with the number of votes secured equivalent to at least a quarter of registered voters . 
  should none of the candidates satisfy these conditions , a second round is organized in which only first-round candidates with the support of at least 12.5 % of registered voters are permitted to contest . '', 
  `` dont worry people who are unemployed are n't going to be living the life of riley . '', 
  that was never my point , i did n't even imply that . 
  what some people are already doing is using what little welfare money they receive on alcohol/drugs , sometimes neglecting their own children , who go on the street and cause other people trouble . 
  i 've seen too many examples in my lifetime and among my former classmates and friends as well . 
  these people exist and the question is only how many of them are there . 
  in case you 're wondering how they pay for rent/apartments/heating - they do n't . 
  they have huge debts and the laws are humane enough to let them go with it . 
  if you take those expenses out of the equation then even a small welfare check can easily provide you with simply booze . 
  at least until the debts get ridiculously high . 
  because you seem to be above both of them , since you judge these arguments so freely ( `` as if the ` argument ' he 's responding to is any better '' ) . 
  if it 's such a clear issue to someone , then why ca n't this someone ( you , for example , you seem to imply you know a lot about this ) just destroy these critics which very clear and brilliant arguments ? 
  `` socialists 8 % '' brutal . 
  one thing has n't changed this night - social-democratic parties are still on the retreat . 
  problem is , i think france has that bullshit first-past-the-post system , even if it is a two-round one . 
  so this does n't mean much , unless someone does a very detailed regional poll . 
  what 's his argument then exactly ? 
  i 'm willing to bet not many here would doubt that most welfare recipient are actually in trouble and deserve the help . 
  but there is a minority , however sizable , that abuses it . 
  it 's not that simple as he paints it and invokes empathy . 
  it 's the equivalent of showing the picture of a crying child every time the refugee question is discussed as an argument to everything . 
  it 's a very complex issus , like most questions , so criticism is very expected here . 
  how should i feel empathy to those who abuse the system ? 
  and no i do n't mean that every or even most welfare recipients abuse it . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  the corporatist forces ? 
  they will hand their businesses and corporations over to the government then ? 
  because that 's what socialism means . 
  i do n't think it 's ever meant to be for non-citizens . 
  if it is we 're fucked . 
  but it 's not going to be , i assume . 
  unless the rules for getting citizenship are relaxed sometime in the future . 
  which they should n't be . 
  that 's what i said , 
  no , because he 's not a traditional major party ( ps , lr ) candidate . 
  so hopes are a bit higher here that he will bring change . 
  if people wanted status quo and stability they 'd vote in one of those major party candidates . 
  oops , yeah , but you get the point because of the context i see . 
  i got carried away a bit while writing . 
  ... or you 're already on the list , but included in one of the points . 
  take your pick . 
  or even multiple picks :d `` we 'll put you down as greedy , kurwa and anti-christ '', 
  next stop - 2022 , by that time macron has to deliver . 
  might not be le pen next time if he does n't . 
  and then it might get trickier . 
  and what about die linke , fdp ? 
  what if sdp rules out another grand coalition and somehow manages to strike an agreement with the others ? 
  well , obama could not go into his third term . 
  merkel could and can even go into her fourth potentially . 
  and then there is this whole hillary clinton thing , whose reputation is n't nearly as good as obama 's . 
  hillary lost because potential democrat voters stayed home . 
  i wonder why . 
  i 'm probably in a minority , but i do n't feel like rejoycing too much . 
  the french elected a pro-european banker .
