  they have to return to the country they were sent to , they have the right to leave for 90 days every 180 days , or smth . 
  whether that is enforceable is another question , would be good to deport those who shop for benefits though , this will be better for everyone , for the genuine refugees as well . 
  should have paid those taxes , should n't have brexited !, 
  :d :d :d, 
  austrofascism is back !, 
  :d i knew all those pictures of the nazi reichstag lately were no coincidence !, 
  i think many people were just tired of change in russia , hence why they tolerated eltsin , even though the man was an alcholic and a laughing stock . 
  the perestroika begain in 1986 after all , we had a few years of gradual and then explosive change . 
  might have been worse if it was a sudden collapse , although i 'm not sure anymore . 
  i do n't get what you wanted to say . 
  it 's not as if i 'm saying there is no problem here . 
  i have no exact idea how it could be done , but i suspect a possible deal might be unique and complicated that it might actually deliver some version of soft brexit . 
  it really feels like this simply because the cabinet has prominent remainers . 
  these people do n't just represent themselves , they represent whatever business interests support them . 
  many were hit hard in the 90s , so yeah , they are just speaking from their point of view , ignoring the overall situaton . 
  this is how humans work , even though it 's pretty selfish . 
  most of these countries most likely have ageism problems on the job market , where 50 + people received education under the socialist state , and which is not always in demand in the free market economy and they lose out to young people , who have education , but no experience and also no family to feed . 
  why did n't irish independence stop this ? 
  according to the polls they are 15-20 points behind the main opposition party and going down , if this keeps up tsipras will be finished next election . 
  germoney !, 
  because the guy he answered to made this argument : '' ... however i believe that it is better to have this * inequality * than to abolish the system ... '' he just inserted anything in place of `` inequality '' to see if it works . 
  the guy 's argument is a pragmatic one , basially opening up all variants . 
  we 'll be the judge of that . 
  ah , so these are the so called scripts that programmers will substitute whole ministries with after they come to power !, 
  i was waiting for this , this is what reddit political discussions are coming to it seems , now this gets posted every time when denmark is mentioned , just like that video of ruth davidson of scotland ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfoorap5qtm ), 
  anyone reporting that they `` dodged '' the attack ? 
  if they are in it - maybe , in other areas not so much from what i 've seen and heard . 
  most places have much lower wages than the uk . 
  even in the transnational companies that operate there , and if you can qualify for those jobs , then what are you doing in the uk anyway ? 
  this is hardly a vote-winner for schulz though . 
  better alternatives with english as the primary working language . 
  good luck with that if you do n't know french/german and are not super-attractive to the transational companies who only use english . 
  do the migrants shave any responsibility themselves here ? 
  none at all ? 
  not saying the ngos are n't making the situation worse , like all fraudsters do . 
  it 's not like the first time the migrants see that others are drowning and it 's not working . 
  trade , eu help , freedom of movement - immigration to richer eu countries . 
  although , honestly , you can have all that minus the eu help i assume , if you have a norway-type deal . 
  while it sounds like a much neede reform , yes , this might attract people to vote for smaller parties , that might not make past the new threshold ... 
  although that is entirely up to the people now . 
  same here , even if it is gaining political points , that 's politics as usual everywhere . 
  do n't support many of his other policies . 
  the mindset here though for some is that you either support everything or nearly everything some politician does or you oppose everything . 
  the scheme is dead when speaking about eastern europe , the relocated `` refugees '' are fleeing it . 
  the idea is fecking great , but i 'm afraid the execution needs work for it to be actually interesting . 
  i can already see a few things from the screenshots : 1 . 
  greek words written using the greek alphabet should probably have an english transliteration for the whole thing to be useful . 
  i learned a bit of greek , you have to know how to pronounce some letters . 
  same for slavic words . 
  would be good to know the actual language that the word belongs to :d 3 . 
  the gender that is specified in parentheses is in the language being used ... and so on and so on but the idea is cool, 
  what 's stopping france from helping secure the external border from these immigrants other than lack of political will ? 
  the quality and amount of housing , food , education , benefits differ , the wealthier countries provide more of that than the less wealthier ones , which is the magnet he or she was referring to . 
  `` their actions have received quite a bit of attention from human rights scholars for failing to meet their obligations . '', 
  and the comments of these human rights scholars have also received criticism for not offering a sustainable solution to the problem . 
  i shall repeat my arguments then , if you missed them , what is described below is a simplified version of how things actually happen as reported by many credible sources . 
  which part of this is not true ? 
  sail or come to european borders , either illegally crossing the border or on smuggler vessels that need to be rescued 2 . 
  you are brought to eu soil and not sent back like any other person would be 3 . 
  if you are given asylum , you get distributed to some european countr , you get support from these countries . 
  ( optional ) . 
  if you do n't like the country you are in , just go to whatever country you want to and push for asylum status there . 
  `` by putting all the responsibility for caring about refugees on a few countries , such as greece , italy and hungary you are putting them under obligations they can not answer . '', 
  there is the source of the problem right there , this is a false statement , they can not answer the obligations because instead of helping these countries and putting a stop to the incencitve for economic migrants to abuse this route to europe , we are `` sharing the burden '' by distributing migrants . 
  but many of them do n't want to be distributed to some estonia . 
  hence why the wholeplan is not a viable solution from the beginning . 
  macron pushes this non-viable decision because it 's rule of law , that 's his tactic , there is nothing more to it , he does n't actually debate whether it was a good decision , which the czech pm is telling him . 
  `` by asking for clarification '' you never asked for it , you just said you do n't see it . 
  had you asked my answer would 've been different . 
  this scenario is happening because eu leadership is either weak or somehow benefits from it . 
  the australian leadership , for example , did make an enormous improvement by taking measures . 
  `` refugess '' from estonia are already going to germany and reapplying for asylum there . 
  whether they would be given it is another question , but it seems germany is not enforcing their rules strictly enough , hence why they abuse them and the rules are meaningless , if they are enforced . 
  `` more than a quarter of the 150 refugees taken in by estonia since the program started have already left , taking advantage of europe 's open borders to rejoin family or seek better opportunities elsewhere , even though they risk losing their benefits and ability to apply for asylum . '', 
  the funny thing is , the v4 is refusing migrant quotas , while estonia , latvia , lithuania , for example , did accept them , but the refugees/migrants themselves are fleeing and reapplying for asylum in germany and other states to escape the laws that state they ca n't change the country they were distributed to . 
  so while the baltic states follow the decision , it 's just not working . 
  because it 's not a viable , working decision in the first place . 
  exactly the point that the czech pm was making there . 
  the question i think is whether the migrants would be forced to stay in the countries they were sent to . 
  i can think of many ways to do that - the current law demands their return , germany and others could start rejecting asylum applications if they already have one in other countries , other measures could be taken . 
  that 's why i understand the v4 opposition . 
  we 're not speaking about estonia , so i fail to see why you mention my head of state . 
  i already condemn the decision and i condemn the system that allows for this . 
  especially in light of the propaganda before and shortly after estonia joined the eu that decisions are made only when there is a consensus , even if it is an ineffective way of ruling . 
  i disapprove and do n't support the lisbon treaty changes specifically concerning the double majority voting . 
  mandatory migrant quotas are not part of human rights , democracy . 
  are they connected to the `` rule of law '' ? 
  yes , neither of these values make it a viable decision , hence the opposition . 
  this has been explained by the czech pm already . 
  `` but not adhering to it is defying eu values , which is something different . '', 
  - i failt to see how it is different , you phrase it differently , but the meaning is basicly the same : if you do n't support mandatory migrant quotas you are defying eu values . 
  classic demagoguery - the czech pm outright tells him the decision is not a viable one and is bullshit , macron ignores that and basicly implies they have to do it because this desicion is pushed on them by others . 
  `` we certainly do not perceive the eu as a supermarket and the czech republic never questioned the need for solidarity in resolving problems such as the migrant crisis . 
  nevertheless , we do not see mandatory quotas and the redistribution of migrants as a viable solution . 
  it is a big security risk and only fuels illegal migration to europe . '', 
  i fail to see how you fail to see how it does . 
  what does your post add to this discussion exactly ? 
  it fuels illegal migration by providing a backdoor road to getting to europe , simplified version : 1 . 
  sail or come to european borders , either illegally crossing the border or on smuggler vessels that need to be rescued 2 . 
  you are brought to eu soil and not sent back like any other person would be 3 .
