  belarus is having protests right now , they did n't have a `` freeloader tax '' 10 years ago . 
  and where did i attribute it to one single thing ? 
  please show me . 
  i would prefer you and other wearesorryforthemess people think with your head a little why people voted for trump . 
  the us election could have been different with just a small minority of voters switching sides in key states . 
  just needed a different candidate , or message . 
  this is actually how democracy should work . 
  86 % of working people here get less than 1200 eur a month , that 's basically our average wage , said the new pm a few months ago . 
  and that data is skewed because most jobs are in tallinn and tartu , two biggest cities . 
  rent , utilities are not exactly cheap here . 
  minimum wage in germany is around 1500 eur . 
  western europe , with significant exaggeration , maybe . 
  as for the rest of us ... 
  `` the party , formed 25 years ago by a merger of communists , pacifists , evangelicals and self-styled radicals '' one hell of a bunch that is , but this part says basically everything you need to know : `` stand for your principles . 
  be straight . 
  i always remember this one quote from gorbachev when i hear something like this from european politicians : we need more socialism ( c ) gorbachev during perestroika, 
  is it me , or are they ocnstantly using whole english phrases when speaking dutch ? 
  o_0 and frequently , i might add, 
  r\u00fctte says 80 % of turks in the netherlands are well integrated and 20 % have a strong bond with turkey still . 
  where do this numbers come from i wonder , pareto principle ? 
  * lightning strike in the background *, 
  i understood her plan was to join the efta as a first step ? 
  who are these people on the photo ? 
  i recognize only wilders since news about him are frequent everywhere . 
  maybe r\u00fctte in the back . 
  is that trudeau on the left ?? 
  `` but if i were a refugee i would not look to settle in bulgaria/romania/hungary ... '' then said person is not a refugee . 
  as one comment rightly noted ( although the comments there are a pure alt-right cesspool ) - none of the children wear islamic headwear , and none of the children who will identify with the country they originally came from . 
  basically , none of the ones that are the real problem . 
  they did n't seem much multicultural , more like pro-muslim , especially with their plans regarding imams . 
  at least according to wikipedia . 
  `` advocates encouraging government training to imams , said the government should not interfere with the curriculum . 
  imams , according to the manifesto needed not only for mosques , but also in health care , prisons and defense . '', 
  i take only arguments seriously . 
  not much of those in our posts . 
  and you should look up what the word `` harassing '' means . 
  sounds very similar to one leader calling another country `` fascist '' . 
  interesting that greece , portugal and spain also had authoritarian governments at least in some part of this timeline . 
  `` you ignore video evidence . '', 
  because the news sources say there were 1000 , sounds more credible to me . 
  sounds more credible than `` 4-5 people in the periscope video i saw linked here '' . 
  `` you ignore even the possibility of alternatives . '', 
  please present them , not ambigious `` de-escalate '' , what should the dutch government/police have done ? 
  i still do n't see any alternatives from you . 
  i guess that point has been addressed before , specifically about spain , who will not veto if the referendum is bilaterally agreed with london . 
  as for other countries - ca n't say . 
  you fail to mention any real alternatives . 
  i 've eyet to hear one fro you other than `` de-escalate conflict , very ambigious , it might mean anything , and thus means nothing . 
  `` the crowd was 4-5 people in the periscope video i saw linked here '' most news sources says its 1000 . 
  much more credible that you saying you saw 4-5 people in some video . 
  what you may have seen is barely confirmed by anyone else . 
  actual voting shows otherwise , that not every turk votes for erdogan in europe . 
  `` both countries are currently engulfed in electoral campaigns that are dominated by authoritarian nativism . '', 
  true , but such articles never mention the now similarly extremist globalist multiculturalism of the other side . 
  very non-biased . 
  to seem like the actual substantial support for this nativism came from nowhere . 
  although this applies to the netherlands more than to turkey . 
  the crowd was not 4-5 people there . 
  there were like a 1000 there . 
  and , yes , an attack on public property is an what it is - an attack . 
  and taking down a flag is no way a peaceful protest or gathering , it is usually during riots and basically revolutions , see eastern europe examples like moldova or ukraine . 
  so a reponse with water cannons seem at least in part justified . 
  and erdogan will spin any situation in his favor . 
  they responded ? 
  - fascists !, 
  they did not respond ? 
  afraid of us , we are right , we are strong . 
  this is how authoritarian propaganda works . 
   not using water cannons we can start with the protesters not tearing down the dutch flag . 
  you are making it sound like the protesters were peaceful , what message do you think those actions send ? 
  what does `` not escalate the conflict '' means here if the turkish side including some of the turks in the netherlands are openly pursuing conflict ? 
  you think they all oppose the absolute bullshit `` fascist '' slur from the turkish government ? 
  5 % in one eu state is pretty good , considering that the polls show a very rough 50/50 , this 5 % could be just about one to tip in the favor of `` yes '' . 
  this is a pretty useless debate , unless you disagree with the statement that `` every vote counts '' . 
  but that is what some people are suggesting here . 
  please present the choice we have in this situation as seen by you and that does not constitute a `` classic fallacy of choice '' . 
  `` maybe 5 % or such , and that 's it . '', 
  that 's pretty good and totally worth it , they would need every vote to actually have a chance at `` yes '' winning with the current state of the polls . 
  i believe the human society works this way , at least approximately : if you do n't voice your opinion then others just presume you agree with the mainstream one , the status quo or generally with the dominant view of your group ( ethnic , social , etc ) . 
  i would argue that the number of votes would increase , yes , that 's how politics work . 
  why do you think trump and hillary visited the battleground states during the us election ? 
  just for fun and to get on the tv ? 
  or to attract attention on a local elvel by basically showing that `` we care for you , we listen to you , look , i even came to you place , to your town , to your university '' . 
  this is the same thing . 
  yes , it would increase votes just by increasing participation alone . 
  if the rhetoric sells , then no matter what anyone does erdogan wins , because europe is not the problem , the erdogan supporters and whatever reason they support him are . 
  `` i 've told you that they never ever fair in the first place . '', 
  - yay for erdogan , our great leader !, 
  scenario where the dutch do nothing and allow everything : `` you see , they 're pussies , too afraid to say anything against our mighty diaspora , do n't make it weaker , vote yes '' - yay for erdogan , our great leader !, 
  so we should ignore the mass of people with turkish flags in the netherlands ? 
  the ones that took down the dutch flag on the consulate ? 
  how is that acceptable ? 
  that 's a huge `` feck you , we do what we want here '' smessage if i ever saw one . 
  so let me get this straight : 1 ) `` the escalation of the conflict will help erdogan win the referendum . '', 
  - so it helps erdogan . 
  2 ) presumably , if the netherlands would have done nothing , how will that cause harm to erdogan exactly if he was to allow to campaign on dutch soil ? 
  if his supporters are the sort that went on to demonstrate with turkish flags in netherlands , then any campaign would just strengthen his position in the referendum . 
  so both 1 ) and 2 ) is a win for erdogan and somehow it 's netherland 's fault . 
  nice try , it 's only the fault of the turkish people who support erdogan that there is an erdogan at all . 
  man , forgot about that insane 10 % threshold .
