  because this is the last chance for the remain campaign to influence this , maybe they will turn up at the polls . 
  the portuguese !, 
  i knew it !!, 
  why i support trump 's syria strike -- tim farron https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/apr/07/donald-trump-syria-strike-tim-farron-assad-chemical-weapons-theresa-may, 
  `` he ` s certainly the closest of the candidates to social darwinism . '', 
  about macron . 
  ca n't make this up . 
  i wanted to write `` people living in the authoritarian countries voted no cause they know how it is '' but then i saw canada and others and it did n't fit ... but there is something to that thought looking at russia and china . 
  macron seems like the most pro-european candidate of them all , who is going to be heavy on this topic . 
  he seems pretty pro-federalization , the only one of them in fact . 
  as for thatcherite reforms - maybe , but is n't hollande so unpopular because he basically is already partilly pretty neoliberal ? 
  which is close to being thatcherite . 
  fillon will not satisfy anyone but those who are pro-status quo , which is n't a large group it seems , since fillon is the only candidate that is basically more or less pro-status quo . 
  and then there 's the whole `` he 's thatcherite '' thing , but that kind of pales in comparison to what others want to do imo . 
  those `` character '' profiles are ugly as hell , all of them . 
  at least they are not biased . 
  best comment there : karl-henrik smith : i do n't blame m\u00e9lenchon for using holograms if others are getting flour thrown at them . 
  yeah , its amazing how trump actually won the election by just barely surpassing clinton in a few states , just barely . 
  i wish people would promote something more positive , like sanders , at least in part , does . 
  even though it 's really early , but i ca n't see who is realistically going to successfuly run against trump in 2020 . 
  negative campaigning does n't work as effectively anymore , especially against someone who is a proffesional at it himself . 
  chechnya is a very small region in terms of population and probably the most corrupt due to two wars . 
  which russia lost in some way , even though they took back the territory . 
  the last sentence about the summer coup ... why are you so sure ? 
  i 've read some articles from generally anti-erdogan sources that said the coup was supported by circles not all that different from erdogan in terms of ideology . 
  i understood it was n't referring to g\u00fcllenists . 
  the dutch are nazi turks , that need to be liberated by the glorious anti-fascist and islamist turkish army . 
  seems like a fair explanation , only that the difference between the results is slim , hence the higher interest in an exact count . 
  this is anadolu agency results . 
  `` there is still confusion about the number of votes counted in turkey and any result , whether declared by the president or not , should be treated with caution . 
  the supreme election commission is reporting that only between 65-70 % of votes have been counted , while turkey 's official news agency anadolu is reporting that 97-98 % of votes are in . '', 
  so how many are actually counted ? 
  the quote is a bit old by now , but how did it get to this state in the first place ? 
  `` there is still confusion about the number of votes counted in turkey and any result , whether declared by the president or not , should be treated with caution . 
  the supreme election commission is reporting that only between 65-70 % of votes have been counted , while turkey 's official news agency anadolu is reporting that 97-98 % of votes are in . '', 
  so how many are counted ? 
  `` if you dont pay for the services you use , you are the product , not the customer . '', 
  paying does n't actually guarantee you still are n't the product . 
  yeah , and then there 's probably a more libertarian socialist candidate out there , who will propose a bit too much government for someone 's liking . 
  i watched the debate of the pirate party in estonia on the net , they debated the refugee/migrant crisis and the opinions were the polar opposite on how it should be handled . 
  even though they agree on privacy , digital rights and that 's what keeps them together ... but it 's not enough to be a party that matters in the classical sense . 
  `` it was tymoshenko who signed gas contracts with russia back in 2009 , groysman said , stressing the responsibility should lie with the former prime minister . '', 
  in case someone is interested why he said turning her in . 
  i feel this is a big problem with pirate parties , they have basically no appeal for people who do n't care that much about privacy or believe it to be more important than the economy , for instance . 
  that 's just the reality . 
  and here 's where the real dilemma starts - so is the pirate party a one-issue party and if it is n't what is it 's economic policy ? 
  or is it a big tent party , everyone in ? 
  that 's going to be difficult to sell in our cynical age . 
  i have to disagree with you , i do n't care what ethnicity they are or what is the color of someone 's skin . 
  what do i care is how civilized and integrated they are . 
  that 's the problem . 
  many just are n't . 
  some are so low in terms of being civilized that it seems we are n't talking about some people as having a nationality any more , but of belonging to some tribe . 
  closed groups , ultra-traditionalist almost archaic , hostile to the outside world , but highly opportunistic with barely any respect for the law . 
  what you are promoting is not `` common human decency '' but irrational , unsustainable and unrealistic solution to the consequences of the problem , not to its cause , which is african poverty , unsustainable birth rates . 
  recep tayiip erdogan , is that you ? 
  i 'm glad someone noticed :d, 
  \u00c5sa romson would like to have a word with you , once she stops crying . 
  this is just one polls out of many , but this is hilarious , 4 candidates in 0-2 % distance of each other :d so are we going to discuss a possible fillon-m\u00f6lenchon second round now ? 
  :d does n't seem so impossible with this particular poll !, 
  all the examples you bring involve thousand of people participating at most maybe tens of thousands . 
  not to mention the very possible link they had with the germans before , as many national-rightist movememnts had back then . 
  so was the german one . 
  my point is your statement that lithuanian treated germans as liberators is very unlikely and frankly difficult to defend , you ca n't actually defend that stetemnt unless literally every single lithuanian went into the pro-nazi partisan movement . 
  `` lithuanians did n't treat soviets as liberators '' it took me 3 minutes to find a `` welcome stalin '' demonstration photo on the net . 
  oh , i know that kind of logic , let me give you a similar one - `` if you were raped by an asylum seeker , you would be against them as well '' or `` if you were robbed ... '' etc. 
  you agree then ? 
  to this obvious fallacy . 
  and no , i would be of the same opinion . 
  camps should be made where refugees are given real help in terms of food and other necessities in an organized manner , they are not allowed to move freely , they get help in terms of setting up makeshift schools for the time being and other things . 
  but not the bullshit we have now . 
  forced for the countries who had to take them because there was a fine in p ; ace for any country refusing to abide by the `` decision '' and they eventually had to take them anyway even after the fine . 
   hell the moment nazis crossed the border they were greeted as liberators !, 
  so were the soviets . 
  it 's no indication of anything . 
  it might also be that at least partially the same people greeted both , meaning they were paid/forced to do it . 
  `` but you 're not going to have a good discussion about immigration on / r/europe . 
  either you 're a racist , or you 're a muslim-loving libtard . '', 
  first of all that 's not true and second they are actual racist and actual people , who seems to execuse any muslim from taking any reponsibility for anything , whether right or wrong . 
  `` refugee crisis shows the need for a common policy and how we ca n't selfishly act alone . '', 
  that depends on what you are thinking of . 
  no quotas or forced redistribution of refugees , please . 
  i have difficulty imagining a federal eu even in the borders of 1962 , which does n't include countries like spain and portugal . 
  although it looks more realistic with those countries , basically no uk and ireland , no eastern europe , even though it might work with czechia in it . 
  europ\u00e4ishen bundesstaat did n't happen even back then when the eu was smaller . 
   such questions are purely technical , given the political will easily solvable , the eu has lots of islands . 
  but no political will to go that road . 
  i have already answered your question . 
  such questions are purely technical , given the political will easily solvable , the eu has lots of islands . 
  but no political will to go that road . 
  are you one of those people , like the other guy in this thread , who says that unless each and every person here is ready to put on a police uniform and do their paid for work , then the should be queit about it ? 
  serious question , but since you are asking for an island for the detention centers - its basically the same thing . 
  see australia 's example then for the sea border . 
  `` pay someone else to do it '' that 's literally why we have an army , police and other units . 
  i 'm starting to see you like to troll , hence no more `` feeding '' for you , 
  `` and not only in the mediterranean , see hungary and bulgaria . '', 
  you will day much quickly from the elements than from starvation given even a mild typical , but typical european winter and no proper housing ( in the scanerio described ) . 
  homeless people die all the time , i wish there was a similar outcry about their fate . 
  border guard , not police man . 
  if they trespass while ignoring every order to stop and be detained by the border guards - then they should be allowed to respond with other measures .
