  not to mention `` national liberals '' etc, 
  is n't macron vs le pen better for macron then ? 
  something he said ? 
  it 's not hijacked , it 's misused and frequently it is done on purpose for whatever reason . 
  we should n't change the meaning of words now , just destroy the reputation of those who misuse with harsh criticism and lack of support . 
  who is counting on fdp making it to the bundestag ? 
  cdu ? 
  can you name at least a few referendums in the mayor western european countries in the last 50 years that required a supermajority to pass ? 
  it 's not common knowledge , but it 's not practiced and if you read what different pro-remain politicians or activists have said you will see different numbers like 60 , 65 . 
  there is no common and well known alternative . 
  it 's a hypothetical question , i was n't literally asking what a stranger with a username halfar would do . 
  ignoring your insult , what 's your point ? 
  democracy kind of works because it 's a set or rules that are understood by almost anybody . 
  currently it 's 50 % + 1 in a referendum wins . 
  everybody knows that . 
  changing the rules would bring total chaos , what are you going to do with people who are against changing the rules and might act upon it ? 
  and this `` supermajority '' is what exactly ? 
  60 % for ? 
  `` common supermajorities include three fifths ( 60 % ) ; two thirds ( 66.666 . . 
  . % ) and three fourths ( 75 % ) . '', 
  - from wikipedia if it 's 75 % then bye bye eu referendum 1975 . 
  yeah , the value is greater , but so is the size and weight , and it adds up . 
  now i 'm just hoarding them , maybe i should take the `` penny jar '' , go to the bank to deposit them , let them have their share , but at least i will get those 20 or so euros on my account . 
  maybe even more , who knows . 
  it 's either a lot or no one !, 
  there is no middle ground !, 
  socially conservative as in pro-life , anti-gay rights ? 
  have to ask , t 's difficult to tell these days . 
  `` he puts most of the responsibility on the existing population ... '' then geert wilders it is - will be the answer of many voters this year ... as much as i recognize this populist surge , yet when i see `` mainstream '' politicians saying thinks like this i really do n't understand what an ordinary voter can do about it . 
  i do n't know , they take much space , yes , and i am not willing to spend the time to actually use them , at least on an ordinary day , or almost always basically . 
  they pile up in my wallet , until it 's heavier than usual and then i have to throw them somewhere at home . 
  haven\u00e4t checked anyone yet , is `` singer '' a euphemism for pornstar here ? 
  fillon was the underdog ? 
  you can ignore it all you want , but her main point was nearly in every sentence - it 's all about integration . 
  which is bullshit . 
  if the english don\u00e4t want to learn polish or urdu or any other language they do n't need in their lives or workplace - they do n't have to . 
  the headline is spot on and is as bad as it sounds , as seen by the article 's main points repeated over and over , she actually means it . 
  `` professor wendy ayres-bennett said a ` basic understanding ' in other community languages would help social cohesion in the uk '' `` british people should think of integration as a `` two-way street '' and learn other languages such as polish and urdu , a cambridge academic has said . '', 
  `` it is very important to think of integration as a two-way street , '' she said . 
  etc, 
  `` british people should think of integration as a `` two-way street '' and learn other languages '' every time i read about things like this it just gets better and better , please speak louder pro-immigration professors and others , so that even my most apolitical friends and relatives start speaking out against your bullshit , 
  still a monarchist ? 
  i 've read his wiki and saw that monarchist party being mentioned , but is n't that italian politics long gone ? 
  if someone 's going that far then he might as well put leashes on them as well :d, 
  poland should be sending their troops to the usa !, 
  group of radical islamist people come 2 . 
  said group has a population boom , becomes a sizable minority that can influence what is happening around them 3 . 
  does n't give up their radical views , but uses the freedoms and rights to further their anti-freedom agenda so what can someone do in this scenario ? 
  `` does n't mean he should n't deserve a better life '' no one automatically deserves a better life outside his own country like that , unless whatever other country wants him in . 
  that country that has a better life was built by other people . 
  `` only because someone is muslim '' strawman , never said it 's because they are muslim , but radical muslim homophobes . 
  writing '' `` open borders '' is a strawman '' is just wasting other people 's time for a pointless comment with no actual argument . 
  garbage in the sense that no , they do n't say that radical muslims can hold homophobic views . 
  not garbage in the sense , that they support open borders , which `` somehow '' bring actual homophobes into their respective countries and who are then basically defended by the leftist who say things like `` yes they hold archaic views , but we should educate them '' . 
  totally ignoring the fact that a good part of these people do n't want to get educated , will resist and ignore any attempt and will spread their own ideology . 
  the new ruling coalition , comprised of the independence party , the reform party and bright future . 
  well , since the opposition could n't come to an agreement ... 
  i did n't follow this too accurately since i do n't speak icelandic , but i remember bright future not wanting to agree with the last colaition tlak demands led by the pirates ... or something, 
  if we switch the populations of turkey and germany leaving everything else the same no way germany is going to stay germany and no way is turkey going to stay turkey . 
  because by `` people '' he meant not only bodies , but societal norms , etc , which are a product of inter-human relations . 
  this is why parallel societies with barbaric practicies form in socially liberal countries . 
  while i agree with your point the big difference is that in those times there was almost no welfare anywhere . 
  which was a huge filter for freeloaders . 
  it 's already over here in estonia , back to + temperatures again . 
  sounds like a move to gain more points for allegedle being more moderate and pro-europeans that it might seem at first . 
  on the other hand , i always keep in mind that , for example , in the uk 25 % of libdem voters voted brexit , which to me seems pretty high for a party that has a strongly pro-eu leadership , that 's almost as much as labour . 
  please exaplin what `` secure the outer border '' means ? 
  very racist depicture of scandinavia !, 
   stem degree http://stemdegreelist.com/ he should specify what degree he has , because it includes degree in both computer engineering and agricultural animal breeding . 
  guess which one has more open and better positions . 
  or just leave the country in search of a better job . 
  that 's basically what many of our people do outside tallinn . 
  i think it 's more about survival and dignity than getting rich , i can guess what wages are there in the balkans - not very high , and the job is n't that much easier too . 
  furthermore it 's more about pressure on the country 's elite to correct these . 
  they have the funds to do so , just need to steal less . 
  period . 
  it is connected , yes , but it is also connected to a overtly religious and frankly tribal population in the middle east ( how else do you really explain shiite vs sunni violence ) that is on a lower level of development than the rest of the world . 
  but i guess it 's `` racist '' to say that outloud , is it ? 
  if their answer to this is to be more violent , to support building a barbaric state like the islamic state , then they are definitely going in the wrong direction . 
  not really `` freedom fighters '' if they commit and promote genocide against those they do n't `` like '' who also happen to be citizens of the country they are supposedly liberating . 
  i hate to say this , but have you actually tried automating some process in a real life private business , for example ? 
  the amount of work this gives to analysts , programmers , testers , etc is pretty big . 
  and most of these algorithms have to be serviced later on , changed , tested again because people make errors . 
  at worst what i actually see from experience is that it shifts the job hours from one profession to another , and does n't actually eliminate the job , but reduces the amount of workers needed . 
  i do n't know what jobs people do here in the comments , but it seems they speak about automation 's effects too easily . 
  5 years into the syrian civil war , literally thousands upon thousands of times civilian death are reported and here comes 2016 - a woman is finally angered at the reports of civilian deaths . 
  my god . 
  there have always been voters with low iq , there were definitely before . 
  why now ? 
  as i said - `` a lot of them probably wo n't '' , meaning some will , but i suspect most wo n't apprehend them . 
  but a lot of them probably wo n't , because the radical ones might be their relatives , or friends . 
  even though for their own benefit they should have . 
  i 've seen this too much in life situation not even remotely connected to the refugees , when people said good things about others who were on the brink of becoming criminals and then they finally committed something . 
  yeah , it failed for the most part , for the reason that the rural people want an islamist revolution ( isis ) , or to preserve the status quo ( al-sisi in egypt ) , bu not a progressive one . 
  until their minds change , or their respective countries become much more urbanized ( the city tends to be more progressive , more modern ) it 's not going to change apparently . 
  the only solution is a revolution for the people by the people in their respective countries and it should be with a progressive course . 
  it might sound a bit naive , but all other alternatives ultimately lead to these shaky boats full of migrants . 
  there is a problem though - the men that still have arhaic cultural views there , but hold all the power , will not be silent about this and just let it happen , and from what i read the afghani government has n't been that much more progressive compared to the taliban . 
  it 's either a very slow process or one that will only happen in very limited places , ca n't see how it will reach the small towns and rural places . 
  a more perfect example here would be nigeria with their boko haram which is usually translated as `` western education is forbidden '' .
