  are most of them pensioners , living on welfare or taking jobs away from the locals ? 
  so how could they stop mass immigration then specifically from the eu , restrict the freedom of movement ? 
  i watched that video , do i count as a supporter of britain first now ? 
  i 'm not even british . 
  it was in the news , it sounded outrageous , so i watched it . 
  their electoral support is minimal . 
  likes on facebook can come from abroad , from troll accounts , from people having multiple accounts , etc. 
  `` if someone ... '' this is very hypothetical , with no evidence presented . 
  if that evidence was presented , widely debated , etc , then it would be another story . 
  but the argument is adequate , because it takes everything into account , not just the individual freedom , but the overall effect on the society as a whole . 
  i remember one of the arguments for legalizing gay marriage was that others , straight people for example , are not threatened by it , it does n't affect them . 
  `` in some islamic countries , men are allowed to take up to four wives , but in germany polygamy is banned by law . '', 
  nobody said that , the point was that some muslims who came here are breaking the law while being in polygamous marriages . 
  your thought process is contradictory in nature as i have already described and shown multiple times , i see no point in arguing further . 
  let me show why your opinion is flawed and contradictory : 1 ) some muslim in europe believe polygamy should be legal , because it 's their cultural norm . 
  2 ) some non-muslim in europe believe polygamy should be illegal , because it 's their cultural norm . 
  who are you going to appease , given these two contradictory cultural norms ? 
  as for your other points i 'm frankly too busy to answer all of them , it 's just too much work , for every one sentence of your arguments i would have to write at least a few to make it sound reasonable , it is always more difficult to correctly disprove something , than just stating something . 
  these are all cultural norms in some societies , that fall under your argument . 
  i really do n't see a point in arguing with you though , since you clearly suggest we change one of our norms because some members of a foreign culture , who are guests here , might not like that , might not be compatible with that . 
  so what ? 
  legal polygamy is against the cultural norms of most europeans , others either accept that or go away . '', 
  i am not saying we should switch over local cultures in their entirety to any given migrant culture . '', 
  you are literally saying we should change the european culture in at least one aspect simply because there is someone , who identifies with a foreign culture and is n't compatible with europe 's . 
  that 's either insane or you 're a troll . 
   nor do i see an inherent connection between polygamy and all the negative phenomena you have listed `` there are members of european societies for whom it 's a natural part of the culture they come from '' ( c ) athousandd, 
  my point was if you are saying we need to change something because `` there are members of european societies for whom it 's a natural part of the culture they come from '' , then you are arguing for acceptance of all those things as well , because they same argument can be used for them too . 
  not to mention you are basically suggesting the host nations to accept the cultural norms of the guests . 
  nice . 
  i like this `` i do n't give a feck '' attitude . 
  any notable examples of wealthy men with lots of official wives in the west ? 
  i ca n't think of one . 
  you kind of forgot to add , that they are a lot of single women as well , in some places there are single women than single men , at least i 've seen data like that in the us . 
   there are members of european societies for whom it 's a natural part of the culture they come from like persecuting gays , or beating wifes or female genital mutilation . 
  i actually feel silly that i 'm replying to this outrageous post , suggesting the european society change to please some members of a foreign culture and at the same time talking about them `` integrating fully into the european society '' , that is some powerful cognitive dissonance . 
  one of the counterarguments would be the effects it will most likely have , because it has had in the past . 
  `` in cultures that permit men to take multiple wives , the intra-sexual competition that occurs causes greater levels of crime , violence , poverty and gender inequality than in societies that institutionalize and practice monogamous marriage . '', 
  yes , let 's ignore the problems , that apparently matter to 40 + % of uk voters who will back brexit , no matter the outcome . 
  do n't be a dick , i never said i knew much on this topic . 
  hence i asked . 
  did n't the european parliament move against net neutrality last year ? 
  the european parliament has voted against a set of rules intended to safeguard `` net neutrality '' in the eu . 
  a series of amendments to a regulation on how internet traffic is managed in europe were all rejected by meps . 
  proponents of net neutrality , who demand that web traffic be treated equally by networks , have already criticised the move . 
  it was criticized by julia reda , pirate mep . 
  julia reda \u2714 @senficon parliament rejects amendments to protect #netneutrality , allows loopholes for internet of two speeds . 
  will let you know how each mep voted . 
   quality of life seems decent ( especially warsaw , poznan , gdansk ) most polish people i\u00e4ve met living abroad came from smaller cities , that i\u00e4ve never even heard of , but i have no data . 
  i suspect it 's mostly the smaller cities and poor suburbs of the bigger ones that are main the `` sources '' of emigration . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  all i 'm saying is that the uk nationals will still be able to live and work in the eu , just not as easily and with limits than before . 
  can you disprove this ? 
  how is membership in the eu stopping the uk government from attacking their citizens privacy ? 
  `` uk nationals would lose control over where in europe they want to live , work , study or retire . '', 
  before the uk joined the eu , people from britain could do all that , the question is only easy it was and what were the limits . 
  to be fair you did n't actually answer , you answered ambigiously , what is `` en masse '' ? 
  give me a % of the total population leaving a country that can be considered mass immigration . 
  or else it\u00e4s a pointless debate , where we 're going to argue whether 1 % of the population leaving in the span of a few years is mass or not . 
  i never said anything about mass migration , you said that . 
  i only answered the question of why this is seen as an issue - because of increased migration . 
  `` chechnya is over '' no , not entirely , almost every week there is an attack or a militant gets cornered and killed . 
  but i guess you ca n't call it a full-scale conflict either . 
  i said `` increased migration '' and what is mass migration anyway , in % ? 
  romania and bulgaria migrants reach record high 2014 official figures show continuing surge in the numbers arriving from romania and bulgaria after their citizens won full access to the uk labour market http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11225190/romania-and-bulgaria-migrants-reach-record-high.html romanian and bulgarian workers top 200,000 for first time , say official figures 2015 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11987954/romanian-and-bulgarian-workers-top-200000-for-first-time-say-official-figures.html the number of european union workers in britain has reached a record high of 2.1 million , the office for national statistics says , including a new high of 219,000 from romania and bulgaria population of bulgaria and romania : 7 and 20 million . 
  i would argue that there is de facto no syria and iraq anymore , they have been disintegrated for the last few years , controlled by different factions , both official governments do n't control very large parts of the country . 
  the syrians government of assad is n't even recognized as legitimate by many . 
  as opposed to ukraine , which does n't control only part of the donetsk and lugansk regions + crimea . 
  and according to the minsk agreements the former 's border with russia must be eventually secured by the ukrainian border authority + elections in the uncontrolled regions . 
  ca n't even compare this to syria , where isis just does what it wants , no official talks , no negotiations . 
  `` seriously , what did those countries do ? '', 
  they are poor -  increased migration to wealthy countries ( like the uk ), 
  by your own logic if they apply to , and i quote , `` to virtually all human political actions at any conceivable level '' then it automatically applies to the eu as well , and thus it is just stating a fact , not making any exceptions - which is your own fantasy , i never said anything about non-eu countries . 
  yet you are implying that . 
  a conflict , yes , but juncker said that ukriana has no chance of joining the eu in the next 20 or so years , might be enough to settle the donbass conflict . 
  i 'm not sure who you are and what you mean . 
  neither belarus or russia have an ongoing civil war on their territories , russia has at least one ongoing conflict , yes , but that one is in chechnya , not on the border and most of the events happen in the southern parts of russia . 
  `` well , the criteria you mention apply to any kind of vote , anywhere . '', 
  the voting process in this particular case is based on a concensus , where all must agree , which most voting processes anywhere are n't afaik . 
  because armenia and georgia are not in a state of civil war ? 
  `` heck , it 's a brexit poster , the agenda is clear . '', 
  as opposed to the remain propaganda , where they are only facts , no clear agenda . 
  the names of the camps do n't hint at a present agenda as well . 
  you are saying that , not me . 
  no , i was n't assuming any particular eu member here . 
  applies to all . 
  cynical reality fact 1 : `` eu member '' means the government of said country , which might not represent the views of the majority of the people at some point . 
  cynical reality fact 2 : if some member refuses and is in a minority , they will be pressured , that 's how politics work . 
  what is misleading here ? 
  there are no numbers on iraq and syria with an explanation on how big their population is , they are of different color as well . 
  unless there 's something else that can be at least somewhat understood incorrectly ? 
  otherwise i think you and others here are seeing what you want to see . 
  why is marsseille full of people , who never found a better place in life than they have now ? 
  why ? 
  this is a difficult issue , such that i ca n't see an easy way to solve this : some muslims just wo n't integrate , because they do n't want to , and would love to impose their own rules upon others , if only they had the might to do it , so do we make liberal values obligatory then ? 
  what do we do with the native-born christians and etc , who do n't show the same active intolerance that some muslims do , but do n't fully subscribe to modern liberal values ? 
  and where do these liberal values end ? 
  gay marriage support ? 
  or is it going to be legal polygamy/necrophilia/etc tomorrow ? 
  because i can see a lot of non-immigrant folks being against the latter . 
  personally i just think there are some definite no-no 's that we might think about restricting , like approving gender or sex.orientation-based violence against women , gays .
