  damn , just look at how fecking 10 seats in a 650 parliament can influence the whole process . 
  perhaps , sounds reasonable . 
  it still hold up the fact that big countries have much more seats and can outvote the smaller ones . 
  the anme sounds good and fair , but in reality it changes little . 
  that does n't change much in reality , since the foru largestuk + germany + france + italy currently already hold over 300 seats in a 750 parliament , this is not even countring spain , which is another 50 seats alone and other western european countries . 
  even if we skip the part that meps belong to different factions , eastern european countries all ocmbined together barely have 200 , i looked through very quickly . 
  no , you are arguing about the rules , those are barely rules , they can be changed , but if the people choose the same bad decisions with the new rules as well , then what 's the difference ? 
  example : we change the rules so that 66 % is the new threshold for a referendum decision to happen . 
  the uk reruns the eu referendum and somehow gets a 67 % decision in favour of leave . 
  has anything changed ? 
  the decision is the same , oinly a little bit more people support it . 
  that 's it . 
  not sure how democracy can function other than that , what can you change so that it would still be a democratic form of government but somehow better than `` majority decision '' . 
  in the real word though denmark has already states its concern that their rebates might be under threat https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-20/brexit-fallout-could-end-rebates-for-all-eu-states-denmark-says the european union is likely to phase out its current rebate model once britain , its biggest beneficiary , leaves the bloc , according to the danish government . 
  `` once the british eu rebate ends , it 's expected that there 'll be a discussion '' of the current model , and that there will be `` pressure '' on the bloc to `` phase out '' the system `` as we know it today , '' the office of danish finance minister claus hjort frederiksen said in an e-mailed response to questions . 
  `` i agree . 
  but like alice in wonderland , not all the doors are the same . 
  it will be a brand new door , with a new europe , a europe without rebates , without complexity , with real powers and with unity . '', 
  denmark is listening , i bet , if their rebates are going to get taken away too :d, 
  in what way exactly ? 
  it 's not that the democracy is `` broken '' , it actually works and has worked as intented . 
  it 's the elite and/or the people that very irresponsible or whatever other reason . 
  democracy demands responsibility for your actions , this includes everyone , every single voter . 
  the prerequisite for a successful country is exactly that , democracy is not at fault here at all . 
  that wo n't happen , that 's the beauty of the whole thing , since larger countries have more say in this than smaller ones . 
  unless everyone else bullies germany into it , which is probably not going to happen , then every big and wealthy country would fear that they are next . 
  you took that out of your ass , did n't you ? 
  wow . 
  this is barely enforced in practise , if at all , still waiting when those refugees that left estonia are going to be forcefully returned . 
  they took off so easily to germany , they either do n't know the laws , or know they are n't enforced . 
  that is pointless without forcing the refugees to stay in the country they were sent to , namely in lithuania and others . 
  someone posted on another thread that it is illegal for them to move , is this true and is this going to be enforced and how ? 
  otherwise this argument just does n't work , most will go to the richer countries , if nothing or no one is stopping them . 
  can we trust jewishpress ? 
  not sustainable and very abusable yes , since these african and asian countries ca n't effectively lower their population growth to a sustainable level ( or raise economic growth ) then we have to take measures to protect our interests , thus hopefully force change on these countries as well . 
  since these countries are not colonies or under control anymore its their people and their responsibility . 
  i guess the main arguments against nuclear are the initial investment cost , the fact that it is not a renewable source , maintenance cost and infrastructure . 
  also who is going to build and where the fuel is coming from . 
  are they setting in the basement ? 
  the room , especially the podium looks so tiny . 
  also brown ? 
  racist !, 
  that 's actually some source , thank you , even if it is not about eastern europe . 
  do n't shift the responsibility for their lives to the smugglers . 
  either they are old enough to know better and they take the blame , or they are too immature to and they should n't have the same rights as adults - like it is everywhere . 
  and yet the refugees are not only leaving estonia but are leaving it openly and insulting my country in the press along the way ? 
  something ehre does n't add up , either what you say is n't true or is not enforced , or the refugees that leave are extremely stupid . 
  which is kind of doubtful , are there any actual news of them being returned to the country they were initially relocated ? 
  `` ever heard a pole complaining about the million ukrainian refugees and migrants already in poland ? '', 
  if the quesito nis whether there are some people in poland who are aginst it this is a definite yes . 
  there were several news just in the past months about young ukrainian beaten up for speaking their language . 
  i 've been reaidng this sub for quite a while , thank you very much , and this is what i 've been seeing the comments all the time . 
  of course now it 's all `` bullshit '' without actually specifying exactly what . 
  in other words , eurosceptics were right - it does n't matter if your country disagrees with some decision , but the majority of eu countries agreed to it ( read : france + germany and their smaller allies ) - it 's over and you have no control over it . 
  so when and by whom are they going to be returned back to estonia ? 
  you do n't get to bully others into accepting a decision you accept and they do n't and then brag about european unity or whatever else . 
  `` if you agree on something and you sign it then it 's obligation . '', 
  source on this , when and where did specifically czechia agree to it ? 
  none of these illegal immigrants actually want to stay in eastern europe though , real refugees stay , others just pack their things , tell the bloggers and journalists that `` being sent to estonia/latvia/x is a like a forced marriage '' and leave for deutschland . 
  is brussels going to block freedom of movement for them as a next step ? 
  `` legal obligation '' can now be added to the list of excuses and bad eu propaganda it seems , at least on this sub . 
  before it was `` eu decisions can be vetoed by any member , no reason to say you have no control '' , then it was `` refugee quotas are not obligatory '' , after that it became `` if you do n't take refugees as per the quota - pay the fine '' and now it 's a legal obligation . 
  even though czechia voted against it ( `` czech republic , slovakia , hungary and romania vote against decision to impose quotas '' https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/22/eu-governments-divisive-quotas-deal-share-120000-refugees ), 
  do n't bring us into this , i do n't know much about healthcare systems , but we seem to both pay taxes and pay for invidiaul services at the same time , the '' family physician '' determines whether it is state-sponsored and free service , or one you have to pay for ( very simplified explanation ) . 
  he 's most likely referring to the refugee supporters in government - centre and coalition . 
  why did n't the add those two parties before though ? 
  because they refused since they were part of the former coalition ? 
  illegal immigrants , since this visa free decision does n't grant them the right to work , it only grants them the right to stay for 90 days for tourist or business purposes . 
  just clairfying , since i see immigration for work being mentioned in every single thread . 
  he said in an interview that he has to , now it 's a bit more uncertain `` nigel farage to decide in the next seven days if he will lead ukip for the fourth time after electoral wipeout '', 
  i seriously have no idea anymore what sort of brexit the dup actually supports , i know they were pro-brexit , but foster said `` no hard brexit ! '', 
  the next day after the election , so which is it ? 
  every politician either cares or must care about winning the next election - simply because she is not the only person in the party and she relies on their support . 
  no wonder that tory poll showed that most tories are disappointed with her . 
  dropping it would mean going against their current platform , which is hard brexit . 
  say goodbye to those ukip votes you gained , especially with farage back . 
  this would probably be best for labour . 
  since their position here is almost the same as may 's , they promised both freedom of movement gone and market access . 
  good luck explaining your pro-brexit electorate that you actually do n't support one or both of those things . 
  man , and comey is set to speak tomorrow already . 
  no thanks , i 'm not taking responsibility for what my `` neighbour '' does unless i also get the right to interfere in his life and alter his decisions . 
  judging by the spelling it felt like `` theifs in lisabon '' was referring to you and your good freind :d, 
  did they send the signal through an encrypted channel ? 
  that 's why the message did n't reach the british intelligence !, 
  we should ban those things !, 
  no , it 's because you do n't want to share that sweet wealth . 
  as provocative as the article is , this is partially true . 
  for israel , for example , at least in some cases . 
  so the whole idea is n't 100 % crazy , and might be one solution , or half of it at least . 
  since we are n't going to deal with the core of the problem ( middle east archaic state of socieities , poverty ) . 
  palestinian killed by bystanders after ramming into israelis http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/palestinian-killed-bystanders-after-ramming-israelis-n479546, 
  `` so the majority should adjust themselves for the minority ? '', 
  in some way , yes . 
  this is the basis for peace in most countries . 
  why are czech so racist ? 
  is there something wrong with their democracy ? 
  brussels needs ot investigate this immediately and discuss sanctions !!, 
  can they legally pursue then at all ? 
  ca n't just arrest anyone based on suspicion but what next to no evidence other than a text message or smth . 
  i do n't know , but sounds doubtful .
