  ... or they will just lose a hell of a lot of money if they start blocking tourists 's entry to the country because of that , 
   no one in london cares about anything outside the m25 this is the same thing they say in russia about moscow , only there the m25 is the moscow ring road ( mkad ) . 
  there is a saying `` is there life beyond mkad ? '', 
  sounds fair , would definitely have to look more closely into portugal 's laws , thank you !, 
   we have a `` separation of assets '' option that ca n't be contested , like in the us or the uk . 
  can you elaborate a bit more about this , like in an example ? 
  and the reason that they do n't want to go back tpo turkey is ... ? 
  the second one is hilarious , but the whole green sludge or whatever in the front still looks ridiculous . 
   have integration be done by those you have a mandate to protect and educate what did you mean by this ? 
  `` but you 're out of your mind if you think it can punish people for something as vague as being a bad parent . '', 
  it 's not exactly vague , and the `` punishment '' can be in a form of public opinion and stance . 
  it may be enough . 
  i\u00e4m not tlaking about only legal punishment here . 
  `` part of maturing and becoming an adult is handling your own shit '' you are pathetic , blaming the victim here , it\u00e4s not their `` shit '' to begin with , you are contradicting yourself in the same post ( `` it 's not your fault '' ) . 
  you ca n't equate someone who was born in a fatherless home with most other people born not in broken homes , which are a billion times better , if you like big numbers so much . 
  `` challenge . 
  accepted . '', 
  i am this child who spent his whole childhood in a broken fatherless home , somehow people like you become very quiet with your irresponsible philosophies when this get mentioned . 
  you are cool on the internet , but in real life you voice opinions like that only in communities , where you know you wo n't get retribution for saying that . 
  this is how societies break down , when responsibility is not enforced on those who reject it . 
  this is why the african american society in the usa , for example , is so violent with their high % of broken homes . 
  this is the third time i ask this quesiton and get no definite answer in this thread , but here goes : what consequences are there for the mother , that decided to go with the pregnancy , being capable of knowing that there is a strong chance that the father will leave , if she does n't provide a stable and normal upbringing for the child ( not the broken home sort ) ? 
  since there are no real consequences for that , then it 's open to abuse . 
  it 's sort of a social taboo to speak about this , it 's the man that almost always to blame , and in many cases it 's right , but try speaking about the wrong decisions that the mother made and get ready for insults . 
  because there are no or very few consequences for that decision . 
  what happens when the woman decides to do this and raises a child in a broken home ? 
  does the child get compensated in some way for the damage done to him ? 
  not talking only about financial compensation , but in a more broader sense . 
  as far as i 've seen and heard it 's basically a taboo to speak of the responsibiity of the single mothers for their decisions . 
  i 'm not talking about every single one , but about the ones who decided not to abort . 
  i guess it 's unethical , if she knows that beforehand yes . 
  then again if she does bring the child she takes more blame , that if the she were to be abandoned by the father when the child was already born . 
  ultimately it 's about the child , that is born , if he is born , because he is 100 % innocent in this . 
  he does n't deserve the negative consequences of their decisions , and should be compensated for this in any form and way possible to the expense of the bio . 
  mother and father . 
  people know that condoms can break , they know that there is always the possibility of the mother not terminating the pregnancy ( but it depends on whether the woman is a reasonable person or not , so not exactly unpredictable and hence not 100 % unpreventable ) . 
  this is a bit similar to opening a business , expecting profit , and then losing money anyway , you do n't say `` i did n't want this '' and go away unharmed . 
  it 's also easy to make this decision when the man is not obligated to pay for it as well . 
  it 's because most of the burden falls on the fatherless child , not the parents . 
  let me get this straight , if a woman fails , what are the consequences ? 
  i can see the consequences for the child , but as others mentioned here it 's `` acceptable '' and `` such is life '' . 
  from what i can see , for example , from african american single families in the us , where the % of fatherless homes is horrible , a lot of children take the path of becoming criminals and other similar paths . 
  so not the mother , but others pay for this . 
  so what happens with the woman , when she fails ? 
  because if nothing really happens , then , yeah , it 's going to be abused by somebody , especially if it becomes a norm , a commonplace thing . 
  how is she going to be punished if she does n't compensate that to the child ? 
  you ca n't freedom without responsibility , it 's not freedom anymore . 
  i 'm not tlaking about whether this is legal , i 'm tlaking about the actual tconsequences for a child . 
  legal does n't mean moraly sound or fair . 
  `` well , it does , but this is life . '', 
  no it 's not , it 's the decision of certain human beings to do that . 
  they have moral obligations to support their children , if they do n't they should be punished by the society . 
  no one in sound mind would want to be born this way . 
  i dare you to say this '' well this is life '' in the face of a man or woman who had to go through this , it 's pathetic that they are people like you who can justify this blatant irresponsibility of another . 
  `` she should be sole responsible for it . '', 
  and how is she going to be responsbile for it , may i ask ? 
  the vast majority of single mothers if not all ca n't give the same experience and support to the child that a full family can . 
  so how is the mother going to compensate that to the child ? 
  it 's the same thing as being abandoned by your father , but now he is 100 % legally not paying your mother any money . 
  it 's further shifting the burden of responsibility on the child , who gets no say in this , he only gets the negative effects of these `` decisions '' . 
  easy to make a `` legal abortion '' decision when you are not the one who 's going to pay for it . 
  `` the law is set up with child 's interest in mind . '', 
  how does it defend the child 's interest , if the woman decides to have the child anyway ( nothing prevents her legally ) and this `` legal abortion '' option is used by the father . 
  it 's basically legalizing the option of single motherhood , now with no financial help . 
  the child will pay for this ultimately and much more than the father or the mother . 
  i think the mother party dismissed their ideas on necrofilia and incest a week or so ago . 
  `` sure , but i 'm ok writing this off as `` this is life '' . '', 
  so what should be done about this ? 
  and no , the child does n't just lose some `` luxuries and comforts '' he loses a father figure with all the necessary psychological effect it has and gets the negative effects of its absence . 
  not to mention the financial side . 
  there 's a reason why fatherless children are less successful , more prone to violence , crime in life . 
  and that is reason people ignore the responsiblity they should be facing and a part of the society allows it . 
  your opinion totally ignores the needs of the child that is born , if he is born . 
  because the child is the one who is going to take most of the negative sides of these decisions that are described here . 
  are you going to just write this off as `` this is life '' ? 
  you wo n't determine that with this test , they will answer appropriately that ` poland is ok '' , while thinking to themselves `` who 's going to stop me from getting to sweden ? '', 
  `` you only get to stay if you are independent of governmental aid , at which point you are a ( at least financially ) net positive to that country . '', 
  first time i hear this , do i understand this correctly , that only those who do not contribute , who will be unemployed etc will go back ? 
  because that 's definitely not what i said and i 've never heard it being stated this way either , if they want to stay they should go through all the procedures that other countries 's people would have gone through . 
  they will just flee poland for sweden , how can we guarantee that they stay ? 
  refugees should be stripped of the right to receive any social benefits etc at all , they should be given the very basic things to survive and that 's it , and when syria , or iraq get better - they go back to rebuild their country . 
  if anyone wants to stay they have to do the procedures that everyone does . 
  downvoted by people with no sense of humor , 
  pretty black face , you will be roman your only flag will be the italian one !, 
  we will march together with you and parade in front of the duce and the king !, 
  it 's about ethiopia , but it will do , 
  i have already proposed a solution - build a camp for eu money . 
  they stay there until their homeland becomes safe then they leave . 
  now the only problem is that we need politicians with balls to do this . 
  if refugees with no documents refuse to say where they come from , then they stay in the camp indifenetely with no luxuries , just enough food and shelter to survive . 
  anyone who want to live in the eu must follow all the same procedures as everyone else does . 
  good , then implement the finnish solution of helping them go back to home . 
  i see this in a different way where germany is taking a nap and the other countries are actually thinking and already implementing solutions . 
  there 's more than one solution , like closing the border , eliminating incentives for fake refugees to come etc. 
  i would prefer to deport anyone who is n't a refugee back to where they came from , and if they have no documents , then arrange a camp somewhere on the border with turkey , with no legal to travel across the eu . 
  once syria and iraq are safer , at least a part of the refugees will go back to their countries . 
  `` and that solves anything how ? '', 
  closed borders - now way for economic migrants posing as refugees to come - the refugee problem becomes much less severe at the very least . 
  also , the actual refugees go back to syria/iraq once the war is over . 
  by this point i assume that if i call you a troll i will probably be right than if i say that you are naturally naive and ignorant .
