  che -  idelogy of communism -  supports women emancipation , equality , democracy etc. 
  in theory , of course , but most radical and even not so radical islamist ideologies oppose all that pretty openly . 
  the burkini symbolizes absense of individual liberty . 
  unlikely women are wearing them voluntarily , and not because their husbands/dads told them `` you must not show your naked body '' or whatever . 
  this is against western values . 
  an acceptable use of the burkini would be if the different versions of islam were n't directly connected to woman abuse and involuntary restrictions . 
  it 's really not about clothes , it 's about values . 
  and wearing certain clothes represent certain values which are definitely against the values of the french society , like equality and freedom . 
  is there any verison of islam that supports wearing burkinis and is compatible with french values ? 
  `` the solution is fight that discrimination '' you say discrimination , they might and probably will say `` our culture '' . 
  so anything you or anyone does will be `` against our culture '' . 
  the reponse that this will provoke is unimaginable atm . 
  banning the burkini is sending a message . 
  1 ) if a nun abandons religion , she 'll probably be safe . 
  2 ) if a muslim woman abandons religion , she might get attacked . 
  hence it is likely that wearing religious clothes like that is not voluntary . 
  we should make it easy for them - adopt their customs and traditions and they will not be marginalized anymore !, 
  problem solved !, 
  i see this as being either fear or cowardice , or both . 
  officials should demand more integration and impose some penalties for those who do not , break up/open up closed immigrant communities , since it is difficult to say sometimes what is going on in them at all . 
  but nobody knows for sure what the response will be . 
  is it really the first to ever be filmed ? 
  anyway , would have loved to see events from past centuries in modern hd quality ... 
  `` they wo n't adopt . '', 
  then they should find themselves another country then . 
  that 's not negotiable for someone who needs help . 
  it 's just that some european leaders are weak/want new voters is why this is sometimes tolerated . 
  seems like it 's a compromise-type decision , not based on actual democracy , but on experience . 
  of course , in an ideal world it would be wrong . 
  thing is , it 's more of a problem for europe than for the us as a result . 
  now i doubt european powers are ignorantly shooting themselves in the foot here , either they really have no choice than to support the us in the matter because they are weaker or there is some sort of deal going on . 
  do n't know about czechs , but in estonia the small number is perceived like this : `` it 's 500 today , 5000 in a year and so on ... '' . 
  at least i 've heard this argument many times , and it is a legit one , since from the beginning the number changed and mostly upwards . 
  `` spokeswoman of germany 's left-wing youth movement solid '' what is wrong with these `` left-wing '' movement people ? 
  they are defending groups of people , who wish to see the very foundations of left-wing movements like secularity , strive for equality etc eliminated if they only had the chance and strength to do it in the whole country , not just their small communities . 
  the pictures are kind of cringy . 
  ah , our breznev . 
  only breznev was very old and sick . 
  the fact that i 've seen so many insulting butthurt post like this on this sub must mean something . 
  but i can see why some people voted leave very clearly with this kind of attitude . 
  the parliment , of course , is not mocking him at all . 
  schultz had to interrupt farage at least two times to silence the screaming meps . 
  i do n't see you calling for this propaganda to stop , but i see you calling for me to stop criticizing this in a rude way . 
  so i make my conclusions about your views . 
  sorry , but i 've seen hundreds of posts like yours , and if i 'm wrong it 's pretty improbable at this point . 
  it 's the people who post things like you that should relax , accept the democractic vote and decisions , like i would have if there was remain , and stop spamming internet forums with your desperate and undemocratic bullshit . 
  and i guess the `` referendum is done '' does n't apply to all those undemocratic posts everywhere that call to ignore the results , call for a 2nd referendum , insult the elderly and everyone who 's opinion is not theirs . 
  of course that is legit , because it supports the views of one remain camp , right ? 
  so tweets from random persons are now legit evidence and source ? 
  my god , this pro-remain propaganda is desperate as feck . 
  serious question : if uk does n't do this , what are the founding six going to do ? 
  invoke sanctions ? 
  kick the uk somehow otherwise ? 
  slightly more nuanced explanation as in the form of gifs ?? 
  damn , every time i am reminded that hong kong was a british colony just 20 years ago i 'm always amazed that i actually lived in times when countries still had actual , significant colonies like that ( not like some islands or something , which are just too small ) . 
  the comments under posts like these are usually quite pathetic , just as pathetic as posts non-satirically suggesting that the votes of the older members do n't count . 
  i guess they count only if it 's the `` right decision '' . 
  the uk still has demand for products from the eu countries . 
  no way a business is going to leave itself without profit . 
  if these `` big economies in europe '' have an unsatisfied demand for the same products , why has n't it been satisfied already ? 
  the reality is that it did n't happen . 
  it is only reasonable now to discuss why that happened , trying to reverse this in any way is undemocratic . 
  and since the same argument could have been made in a case of a 52-48 vote for remain it is not a proper argument at all . 
  not how democracy works , and everyone knows that . 
  `` special princess '' the argument was that the uk wo n't be isolated because other countries need us , too big of an economy to ignore . 
  sounds a more reasonable argument than the emotional one you are giving . 
  72 % is a pretty high number , 75 % sounds arbitrary , why not 80 % , why not 85 % ? 
  no it does n't giver her legitimacy , this was a vote for europe , not for the scottish independence . 
  i 'm not against a new referendum though , but 60 % for the eu do not automatically translate into a 60 % for independence . 
  period . 
  i thought that the opinion was that the scottish indy debates were pretty good , but now i hear people wanting new ones , because they do n't like the outcome of this particular referendum . 
  i agree , but hearing words like `` this is the only way '' from government officials , heads of states , etc , was much more pathetic , than hearing it from nigel farage , or any other eurosceptic party , who are not in power anywhere , they do n't steer the eu ship . 
  i feel this is why people voted leave , the fact that we did n't see those in power acknowledging that what we have is not enough for many people . 
  waiting for change . 
  i was thinking recently , that it would be better that the current eu model starts to disintegrate now , when i 'm young enough to adapt to the changes . 
  as opposed to this happening in 30-40 years . 
  `` the only way is that integration prevails '' this is why people probably voted for leave . 
  `` this is the only way ... '' etc. 
  no , it 's absolutely appropriate , he was pro-remain , he always stated in the debates that he done what he could to change britain 's position and that it was a good deal . 
  now it looks like a lot of people do n't like that . 
  he ca n't be the uk 's ruler no with that stance . 
  might be , yes , but then i 'd have to ask what the hell is sweden and denmark , for instance , are doing in the eu , pretty wealthy nations as well , quite eurosceptic , even though they are actually in the eu . 
  says the user with a vietnam flag ... who are the `` we '' you are referring to here ??? 
  perhaps the key is not to be integrated into political structures ? 
  you 're just repeating what i doubted in my first post here . 
  show me proof , that without the eu the uk would have done worse or better . 
  what it shows is the real growth , it does n't show how it would have been if the uk never joined the eu in 1973 . 
  any data to back this `` fact '' up ? 
  also , you do n't know whether the uk economy would have grown better or worse if the uk was outside the eu in the same period . 
  unless , again , you have some study to link to . 
  `` it certainly has n't damaged britain 's economy . 
  in fact , since the uk joined the european economic community in 1973 , britain has done relatively well , outperforming the eu 's largest economies , germany , france and italy -- and the us . '', 
  how can they say it has n't damaged the economy , when they do n't know how the economy would have grown if the uk was not in the eu at that time ? 
  perhaps growth would have been larger , maybe it would have been lower , not a word about that . 
  also , germany , france and italy all adopted the euro in the period stated in the article , would their economies be better off , if they had n't done that , did this have a negative or positive effect on growth ? 
  i have n't said a single word about anyone believing something , or `` a majority of people believe something does n't mean that it 's in any way correct '' . 
  my whole post was about having a debate , with arguments , etc. 
  has nothing to do with belief . 
  there only arguments matter . 
  since you specifically mentioned what the british immigrants do in spain , do they commit more crimes than the locals , do some of them organize sharia patrols or whatever a brit would do ?
