  the whole `` this is racism ! '', 
  thing when talking about religion is stupid , it must die . 
  this is very likely not double think , it 's a different cultural level , they just do n't respect the west and to them it means they can abuse whatever laws etc the west has , if possible , because it is the `` enemy '' . 
  it does n't seems to be an islam thing as well , since the quran , afaik , teaches to behave and respect other traditions outside the `` islamic world '', 
  `` if you want to know more type `` yes '' . '', 
  `` yes '' , just asking for a `` friend '' from the german polizei !, 
  please cancel the order !, 
  what , you 've got a warehouse full of them ? 
  handing them out for free ? 
  are n't they all basically ` pro-immigration ' like merkel ? 
  i kind of have my doubts about fdp , but they 're probably pro as well . 
  `` would people start having children with their immediate relatives just because it 's legal ? '', 
  it detters them from doing that , a law has never stopped anyone doing anything , but it states how you are going to be punished if you do . 
  and that 's relevant . 
  you are diverting the discussion , these are two different issues , you can have different opionions on both . 
  out of curiosity where would the secularists be ? 
  istanbul and the area near it ? 
  `` if it was more harmful to keep us than releasing from nato it d be done already '' turkey is approaching that very point . 
  it 's strange you do n't see it , when the us is outright saying it does n't consider ypg a terrorist group , which is very much against what turkey 's stance is . 
  `` erdogan calls on us to choose between turkey or syrian kurds '' http://news.yahoo.com/erdogan-calls-us-choose-between-turkey-syrian-kurds-145705967.html, 
  if they are going to provoke war like that and continue blackmailing other nato countries it 's much safer for them to be outside nato . 
  it 's like they ca n't get recruited in the uk and leave on their own , just like those isis fellows are doing . 
  those who are voluntarily returning to the place where they were persecuted are certainly not refugees . 
  that 's abstract , but correct , but the reality is that many will not return back , probably most . 
  i ca n't imagine germany deporting a million back in case they refuse to go back . 
  i wish i 'd be wrong about this . 
  and i 'm not even mentioning those thousands and thousands that `` got lost '' by the police , so as to not complicate this even further . 
  we should n't have taken so many to begin with . 
  now it 's not going to be that easy , unless there 's a huge pressure from the society . 
  damned if you , damned if you do n't . 
  you are - `` you want kids , have 10 and never have fun '' - i never said that . 
  `` ban abortion types '' - wow , pinpoint me where in this post do i support banning abortion : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/453j52/portuguese_parliament_overrides_presidential_veto/czvu07f `` not everyone wants kids , simple as that . '', 
  i have already answered this : `` it 's a matter of priorities , if people prefer having a lot of overseas holidays and leisure projects they should n't complain later on when they do n't get a high enough pension to live at least above poverty and that the population of their country is replaced by migrants , who do n't share their values . 
  and many other things . '', 
  ah , the old reducing to absurdity argument  i never said people should have 10 , but right now people are having below replacement rate , which means a lot of couples either have only one child or none at all . 
  it 's a matter of priorities , if people prefer having a lot of overseas holidays and leisure projects they should n't complain later on when they do n't get a high enough pension to live at least above poverty and that the population of their country is replaced by migrants , who do n't share their values . 
  and many other things . 
  edit : spelling and other mistakes . 
  `` economy is shit , health care is a joke , childcare is expensive as fuck , education is becoming more and more of a joke '' just like in africa ... yet they have the highest birth rates in the world . 
  it 's because people #s expenses on raising their own living standard are too high , if people cut money spent on their vacations/all forms of entertainment they would have enough for children . 
  it 's about priorities . 
  i assume that in theory the government 's action should be efficient enough to prevent that , someone can correct me if this is the case for a laissez-faire type of free market . 
  if the people are falling for it , then they take part of the blame . 
  not a very popular thing , but i feel it is true , then again there is a possibility for improvement here . 
  first of all this is not about race , this is about culture , which might be defacto incompatible to some extent , and second point : native citizens  migrants/refugees simply because the latter are basically guests and they can `` show them the door '' if they commit something outrageous . 
  ca n't be done with native citizens , they are born and raised here , so the society might also be to blame in some extent . 
  your post is a red herring , you 're changing the subject , which specifically is about migrants from foreign cultures committing sexual violence in pools , at least in this case , and numerous others were reported . 
  but that 's the problem , there are no better ideas and there is a huge distrust because people are legitimately afraid that they might run into the refugees/migrants that are actually a threat . 
  people also do n't trust the police and other agencies as much now , because it seems that they ca n't do their job correctly for whatever reason . 
  either because they have direct order or etc - people do n't care , they want the job done . 
  but it 's not evidenced by different events with sexual violence in pools etc. 
  where there is distrust - there is a demand for a more radical approach . 
  but that 's the governments 's fault that the people have such concerns in the first place . 
  `` just because there are crooked people in disguise of a refugee do n't refuse help for those who actually need it . '', 
  that 's a far point , but the problem is that we are failing to detect and not let in the ones that are a threat to others . 
  we should colonize other planets ? 
  actually we will have to do that regardless of what the future of europe is . 
  no , not sch\u00e4uble , the guy who actually proposed that fuel tax to fund this refugee crisis even more . 
   just trying to cross the border illegally . 
  i do n't think i need to say anything else here . 
  russian boyfriend ? 
  can someone enlighten me , how many of the opposition parties are anti-mass-unrestricted-immigration ? 
  that might explain a lot . 
  `` its their interest vs ours . '', 
  seriously , that 's something i have n't read and heard for a long time , it 's almost like europeans ca n't have interests , but then when the topic switches to the economic migrants then it 's absolutely ok for them to pursue theirs , whatever they may be . 
  1 ) it matters who can form a coalition or get enough votes to form a government , not who `` wins '' or gets the most votes . 
  it 's standard practice for european countries . 
  2 ) if the people do n't vote then - and this might be unpopular but it 's true - it 's their responsibility as well with what the government does afterwards , you vote for or against the people that determine how much taxes you pay and what laws you must follow . 
  there are anti-immigrant groups that are constitutional . 
  last time i read pegida is still legal , even though some of their rallies were banned . 
  alternative for germany is also a legal party last i checked . 
  i never said that , because refugees are non-european , and they are the ones that are mainly , if not almost solely , discussed as part of this refugee crisis . 
  it 's actually mentioned many times in the article what people suspect the nationalities are ( from countries of northern africa ) , so you are trying to change the topic here . 
  `` no one wants to offer fodder to right-wing groups '' do they imply that the withheld nationalities are going to be non-german and non-european , because if they are european , then i ca n't see how that 's going to be fodder to right-wing groups . 
  can they be charged for `` aiding the enemy '' ? 
  because technically they probably are , if they are joining to fight in any way . 
  can some wonderful spaniard sum up the state of the ongoing coalition talks ? 
  does the dublin accord say something about redistributing refugees among all participates in this case ? 
  '' ... if they shared the same experiences . '', 
  1 ) experience can be communicated by various means , i do not see why a middle aged white man ca n't hire a woman as a consultant when dealing with a question concerning women . 
  or if the mayor can just know the subject , because he learned it from those who had the experience . 
  2 ) a similar argument could be made then : minorities and women do n't share experience with middle aged white men , hence there issues they are unaware of , which might plague those communities . 
  and even if made aware , they might fail to understand the depth or implications due to lack of personal experience . 
  same question here . 
  ca n't white middle aged men serve the interests of the entire community , including minorities and women ? 
  why should '' ... mayors ... better reflect society . 
  '' , what does this have anything to do with their actual skills ? 
  former swedish pm , since i actually expected to see l\u00f6fven when i opened the link , instead i got fredrik reinfeldt . 
  1 . if the majority elects the cdu and sdp anyway , what can the others do ? 
  2 . who should the women who were groped vote for and what will that change exactly for them considering the previous statement ? 
  so only women and girls then ? 
  i can imagine the rage it will cause in the countries where they come from - `` the crusaders are taking our women !, 
  `` wasnt that big of a problem '' what about the riots ( malm\u00f6 ) , migrant crime etc before ? 
  sweden is pretty famous for that so i ca n't say this is true . 
  the one at the 5th floor - the king/queen-like looking bed !, 
  as long as the community is not obligated to this and is doing this on strictly voluntarily basis this is true . 
  also , there should be no bending of rules , traditions , laws , whatever , to accommodate the refugees , the initiative to integrate should come from them first and foremost , if there is no such thing , then there will be ghettos and most help provided is useless and a waste . 
  i think any refugee who is willing to integrate himself will be received positively and will receive help from most people . 
  it 's the problem that some do n't want to and might threaten those who do wish to integrate . 
  `` i think it takes a whole community to integrate a refugee '' only if someone wants to .
