  `` and if you imagine yourself to be noble enough not to abuse charity , what if you saw tens of thousands abuse the system and be rewarded for it ? '', 
  by your logic are the other people who do n't leave their homeland in search of european wealth while being in the same or even worse conditions - losers , not smart people ? 
  or maybe - just maybe - these are actual , decent people . 
  and those who abuse the system are n't . 
  tranwreck interview , yet corbyn still has his huge issues with comments on ira , on falklands , his weak stance on brexit , on scottish independence and so on and so on . 
  they have n't gone anywhere and if by some miracle he gains enough seats and support to become pm i 'm afraid it 's going to be a trump-esque disappointment for those who decided to support him . 
  even if he is almost the exact opposite of him . 
  perhaps , but as far as im aware their negotiations about the islands failed once again . 
  wow !, 
  i looked up and the naitonalist party and democratic party united in forza nazzjonali coalition , interesting . 
  japan has warm relations with russia ? 
  are you kiiding me ? 
  they literally have no peace treaty between them after ww2 and they have an active and quite strong dispute about the kuril islands , or whatever they are called . 
  no sanctions though , as far as i 'm aware . 
  it 's percentages , that might not translate into seats . 
  but , yeah , obviously a growing labour support . 
  how unsurprising that they are people that do not understand that this will be abused by some women to get more pay for the work they do n't actually do , but will claim to do , because the man who does it gets more . 
  this is similar to the false rape claims , which are sometimes abused with terrible result . 
  it 's about power , control and hunt for undeserved wealth . 
  that sunni muslim supported the gay marriage bill . 
  very very typical thing for a sunni muslim to do it seems these days . 
  he means that not only is he a germanophobe , but he is also an anglophobe . 
  there , problem solved :d, 
  well , portugal , spain , greece and etc were n't in the warsaw pact so this is n't a good example for a potential subreddit , 
  are `` non-white '' countries 's major newspapers/social media sites reporting this in the same manner as the uk ? 
  i 've looked at a few indian , bangladeshi english ones and seen no news about this on the front lines . 
  but you do n't see me commenting that `` brown people don #t care for white deaths '' , do you now ? 
  i get his message , but it has that stinky and nasty alt-right flavor . 
  and isis is not the only problem of course , especially if i already see people writing stuff like `` do n't provoke the muslim community into radicalization ' , which i hope is bullshit , because if a significant part of this community is actually one step from supporting isis , then that community has some very deep issues already . 
  and if the terrorist is white ? 
  i 'm by no means a fan of the current immigration policy , but this post is too provocative . 
  i read your post and turned on this catchy but obviously propagandistic piece : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6jl95basem, 
  whether they work or not and on what scale it still is the responsibility of the voters as well , since we live in democracies with universal suffrage . 
  which means that voters are also responsible for who they vote for . 
  without that the system is just broken . 
  kurdish terror in turkey . 
  the reason why this is not as huge of a news as the manchester explosion is because kurds do not enjoy full minority rights - this is a pretty known fact . 
  so perhaps a lot of people feel it is not their place to comment or highlight news like that . 
  ... or how to miss all the fun :d, 
  and i have no idea , but would madrid actually respond in some armed way to this ? 
  it 's the first thing that comes to mind . 
  perhaps , but this is not his election to win , as some comments here are suggesting . 
  at least the numbers are n't even nearly there . 
  well , corbyn did say that he has favourable outlook on the independece referendum thing , albeit his comment was a bit more nuanced , but he accept an earlier referendum than may would . 
  this is super important for the snp , so there is a chance at least . 
  jeremy corbyn denies backing second scottish independence vote `` i was asked if , in westminster , we would block the holding of a referendum . 
  i said : ` no , if the scottish parliament decided they wanted to have a referendum , then that would be wrong for westminster to block it . ' https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/13/jeremy-corbyn-denies-backing-second-scottish-independence-vote, 
  the libdem vote has been shrinking a bit in the last week , probably going to labour . 
  which might not be very helpful for both of them , since the ukip vote is mostly going to the tories in support of brexit . 
  percentages are pretty useless when it comes to the fptp system , support for labour may be strengthening in labour areas , which gives them next to no seats and with the collapse of the ukip vote the tories might even unseat some labour mps . 
  this might only be an indication that labour 's manifesto and image is getting more popular , whether that translates into something meaningful ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  miliband was pretty close in 2015 , yet he lost . 
  mixing is not enough , since mixing is not practised voluntarily on a wide scale because it will probably cause conflict once `` someone '' starts refusing to shake a women 's hand or smth . 
  you then need hardcore law enforcement and harsh laws , like in singapore . 
  then it will work , but say goodbye to the liberal image and get ready for an inevitable cultural conflict . 
  edit : typos, 
  `` as the water always flows , no matter how the weather behaves . '', 
  just one old news articl , since i could n't find the recent hydro-power squeeze one : `` norway is experiencing a hydro-power squeeze due to low rainfall over the past two years coupled with colder-than-usual winters , which limit hydro supplies and boost demand for power . '', 
  this has already happened in the recent past , see sch\u00fcssel cabinets https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_of_austria, 
  is n't pasok relatively low in the polls , lower than the communist and the nazis even ? 
  lol , at least syriza is down in the polls with new democracy smth like a 15-20 lead , although i suspect those pro-corporate guys are going to have a field day when they come to power . 
  then again , i do n't know anymore , perhaps they would be better than pasok/syriza-type parties in the sense that they might bring non-populist left back . 
  i always imagine this caveman trying to survive with his family and tribe somewhere in thosy icy wastelands :d probably far from what actually happened , but i do n't honestly know where i got that image, 
  i don\u00e4t know about spain , but our public institutions have problems finding any it professionals at all , with at least some skills . 
  there are so few jobless specialists that there is sometimes no competition for job offers . 
  `` it 's like running android . '', 
  ever time i say that word `` android '' in front of less tech-savvy people they say it straight away that they sold those phones and bought an iphone . 
  the refugees that came to the estonia , latvia , lithuanian are fleeing , some fled very quickly . 
  they actually got help here and we are quite peaceful . 
  it 's just that we are comparatively poor in the whole welfare state part . 
  and our wages are much lower than in germany . 
  edit : typos, 
  i do n't mind , it 's a concern . 
   like annoying things such as international law etc ( basically , are we clear to pretty much invade libya ? 
  ) , just consult australia and how they conducted their `` operation sovereign borders '' as for the number of people coming , you do understand that every country has to accomodate them , right ? 
  so even if they leave - they money is already spent . 
  and now there is talk of sanctions . 
  i ca n't believe i once debated people on this very sub who said in upvoted comments that the quotas were not complusory . 
  i honestly think more people vote because they hope it might solve their problems here , which is n't exactly false . 
  some countries have high unemployment rates , or overall low wages than in the usa , and definitely less opportunities in terms of career , or business , especially small countries can barely sustain that . 
  so maybe you have more interesting things to do than vote  or at least that 's what i hear from some people . 
  i fear trump is more resourceful and cunning than we realize , he obviously has some support in the republican party and unless he loses a good chunk of it he 'll still be in the game ... 
  that would be good if our politicians were more interested in actual cooperation , rather than trying to solve their country 's debt problems by pooling resources from the whole union , or pushing through not so popular decisions like migrant quotas , or any other deeply unpopular decision . 
  the supposed `` old '' one did n't account for people who will leave one safe country for another simply because the `` opportunities '' are better there . 
  that 's what economic migrants do , which is a term now frequently used , and rightfully so for many of them . 
  i am being told frequently on this sub that the decision making rules are fair in the eu and if someone does n't like the decision he can veto it . 
  yet this was made by a majority vote . 
  so it can be pushed through by big countries even if smaller ones like the so called visegrad group are against . 
  they are not real refugees if they left , unless they were not safe in poland . 
  it doesnt matter how they got there . 
  so this never happened then : `` leaders of the visegr\u00e1d group ( czech republic , hungary , poland , slovakia ) declared in a september meeting in prague that they will not accept any compulsory long-term quota on redistribution of immigrants . '', 
  `` on 22 september 2015 , european union interior ministers meeting in the justice and home affairs council approved a plan to relocate 120,000 asylum seekers over two years from the frontline states italy , greece and hungary to all other eu countries ( except denmark , ireland and the united kingdom which have opt-outs ) . '', 
  important part : the decision was taken by majority vote , with the czech republic , hungary , romania , and slovakia voting against and finland abstaining . 
  this was in september 2015 , poland had an election in october same year and the new government is the one that was against it . 
  real refugees would stay , if told so , simply because they would get help there . 
  there is all there is to it . 
  anyone who risked his life specifically to get to germany or sweden is not a refugee the minute he leaves the country that allows him to survive . 
  `` on tuesday , the european union said that poland and hungary have until june to start accepting refugees or face sanctions . '', 
  great union we have here , do as we say or face sanction if you do n't want to .
