  i do n't know if you even realize that you 're doing more harm than good with those words . 
  never said that `` low unemployment '' = `` wealthy country '' , you 're making the claim , not me . 
  in russia , for example , illegal central asia workers work underground ( literally ) or just on clandestine factories all the time , they may not be asylum seekers like in sweden , but it actually makes sense to search them . 
  not sure what % of them is actually found by the police though . 
  really feels like `` first world problems '' to me , 5 % is relatively low , even for europe . 
  not to say that is a bit alarming for norway . 
  best comment here . 
  it does n't work in the favor though . 
  look at the icelandic pirates , they are topping the polls , their major candidates do n't look like hippies or clowns . 
  people might actually think they 're electable and give them a try . 
  why do the pirate politicians look so goofy ? 
  the have such a modern and much needed program to fight for , yet their candidates look silly , in germany and finland , for example . 
  just reinforces the view that all sorts of geeks are weirdos who ca n't be trusted with anything serious . 
  that 's barely self-criticism if you read it carefully , it 's a barely restrained criticism of the other eu member states for not accepting the refugee quotas . 
  her talk of a `` pan-european solution '' or a `` proportional distribution of the refugees '' is exactly that . 
  `` there are political issues that one can see coming but do n't really register with people at that certain moment - and in germany we ignored both the problem for too long and blocked out the need to find a pan-european solution , '' she said . 
  here is what true self-criticism would look like in this case : `` we encouraged , by our words and actions , too many economic migrants and refugees to come here and then we tried to press the other unwilling eu member states to take these `` refugees '' through the refugee quotas and that was wrong '' . 
  1 ) do n't support this , it conflicts with nato , and under the present impotent leadership of the eu it will be yet again another attempt at taking more power from member states to satisfy the interests of the big players like france or germany . 
  after the way the leadership dealt with the refugee crisis i see no reason to trust this eu with a project of such a scale . 
  2 ) i believe there should be a referendum on this in each of the countries . 
  as controversial as this may sound , i do n't want to support people from other countries who decide to have a lot of babies , whom they ca n't then feed/protect/give a decent future . 
  it 's their choice to make lots of babies in extremely poor countries/warzones , so they take responsibility for it . 
  this is actually a pretty good picture , i 've seen a lot of articles and tourist maps where the aleksandr nevsky r.orthodox cathendral was presumably the most important icon of tallinn . 
  the refugee quotas was an attempt at this common asylum policy ? 
  if so , then i understand why it was blocked . 
  `` uses murder of polish man in essex as example of what happens if europe `` does not unite '' '' too can play this game : `` events in colone/nice/etc is what happens if europe doest control immigration properly '', 
  how easy it is to opt-out ? 
  is it a painful lengthy process where you have to state a reason or something ? 
  francois hollande ? 
  you mean like french holland ? 
  this is good , the french should have taken it back long ago from those spanish bastardos . 
  the `` white resister '' is in no way a biased source :d, 
  come on , you 'd still do the same if that were you / s ( even though millions of syrians do n't , and still live in syria close to the battlefields ), 
  `` sweden , after taking in nearly 658,000 asylum-seekers last year '' for a population of about 10 million . 
  there was a post here recently that said pnv was n't pro-independence , but more regionalist . 
  but wo n't that decimate ciudadanos for the future ? 
  i would really like a concrete example of a `` relatively low wage '' in germany compared to a `` relatively high wage '' somewhere else . 
  to be fair even though finland 's situation suffered after their `` nokia moment '' , their economy still looks pretty good . 
  at least from the outside . 
  almost every western country is miles betterin terms of average salaries , job quality to someone from a former soviet country . 
   seems to be a very difficult thing considering the relatively low wages compared to other countries what jobs are we talking about ? 
  what other countries ? 
  people from all over eastern europe go to germany to study and then hopefully find a job , the average difference in pay is painful to even think about compared to ee . 
  '' \u2022 90 % of germans are happy with their life '' so out of place this one , even much poorer countries like russia have high digits up to 80 % in polls like this particular one . 
  ca n't they just take them back anyway , but then let them go back to austria/germany/etc if they want to ? 
  because they 'll probably want to . 
  i wonder if there is any group in the uk that defends these `` poor white boys '' and emphasizes that they are white . 
  would like to see the reaction of others to a group like that . 
  finally , a reasonable view , but try selling the `` do n't want children - pay more taxes/work more '' line to the voters and see where that gets you . 
  a lot of people are not responsible if they can get away with it by pushing the burden onto the next generation . 
  and populist politicians use this . 
  and yet almost , if not all , countries in africa and the middle east do this - bring a lot of children into this world . 
  and then their children come to italy and other countries , because their future is not secured in their own countries and they are allowed in . 
  so what 's the difference between the people of africa/middle east and italy ? 
  `` people have actually set themselves on fire in protest . 
  i do n't think any non-oppressed person would do that . '', 
  i have to disagree with that . 
  the whole wave of suicidal terrorist attacks in europe by non-oppressed people disproves your point . 
  not every protest is for a good cause . 
  it 's a shame , but it 's becoming difficult to discern who is actually oppressed and who is just brainwashed and indoctrinated to do that to gain sympathy points from citizens of wealthy nations . 
   `` there 's a lot of mobility among the refugees , '' she said . 
  `` they switch addresses and mobile phone numbers quite often so ca n't be reached by the asylum agency . '' what the hell ? 
  not true , they can still vote for laws , and if other parties disagree on something harshly they can still have their say and then their seats would matter . 
  the fact that they ca n't be in a coalition does n't mean they ca n't vote for laws . 
  here 's a good question for the people here : how do you counter isolated , non-moderately islamic communities of immigrants ? 
  would really like to hear your propositions how to counter them , when they themselves identify as muslims first , even though others may disagree with their verison of muslims , while others may secretly support them or at least not oppose them . 
  so who will be elected then ? 
  right now it 's unlikely that it 's going to be hollande with his ratings and sarkozy is almost in tie with le pen for first place . 
  unless the les republicains introduce another candidate who would not be pro-ban , then realistically it is likely it will happen . 
  interesting point , basically the eu becomes a military alliance , just like nato is . 
  `` hitler has never voted in by a majority '' he was supported by some members of the other right-wing parties , so even if nsdap did n't have a majority , he had enough votes to form a government . 
  that 's pretty democratic , happens all the time across the world today . 
  i understand the counterarguments to this , but there is no easy solution here . 
  i can even believe that some women wear burkinis voluntarily , but i see the main problem in how to eliminate the real harrasment that is present . 
  and i have no clear solution for this , that would n't hurt those who chose that voluntarily . 
  i never made that argument , i 'm a pragmatic person , i do n't play by the rules with people who openly refuse to play by the rules themselves . 
  and this is a much more complex issue . 
  in reality what should be demanded is the full embrace of the secular norms of the french society and penalties up to deportation if they are not accepted . 
  that means no forcing women to do something because some form of islam `` says '' so . 
  and if the `` judeo christian '' parts of the society refuse to accept the norms of the growing muslim communities ? 
  because what you describe is the end of legalite , etc , etc. 
  this is exactly why le pen and the national front enjoys support , even if it does n't have a lot of leverage in the official institutions . 
  and this is the truth that people are either afraid or not aware of - the state has turned a blind eye on the real cases of women harassment specifically in parts of the muslim community . 
  why ? 
  because forcing their women to wear these clothes is ok for them , they view it as part of the norm , and if the police of whoever comes and forces them ( like they should ) to stop , they are going to be riots , and violent resistance . 
  so there is no good solution here , no matter what honest idealists like you might want , no offence meant . 
  `` let 's just say the burkini is a non-issue '' let 's not and let 's not pretend that it is not connected to the topic of how well muslimn are integrated into the french society . 
  `` while some people in france have seen the controversial burkini ban as a defence of female freedom and french values , others , both there and across the arab world , have expressed the view that , it is an attack not only on women penalised by the restrictions , but also on muslims in general . '', 
  ok , i can play this game as well , i guess the fact that christians are forbidden to enter mecca is an attack on christians in general . 
  oh those hypocritical arabs . 
  / s or not / s ? 
  turkey is just flirting with russia , trying to make europe and usa angry . 
  anti-brexiters talk about the costs of brexit , which is fair , but when speaking about the costs of mass immigration to the very same people in wales , and other regions - their head is in the sand , no such thing . 
  same goes about the role of european regulation in business , etc. 
  it\u00e4s being opposed because there is doubt , that women wear these clothes voluntarily , so the whole argument that `` women are free to choose what to wear '' goes out the window , if there is a strong suspicion based on experience , that women wear these clothes because they are afraid of repurcussions from their husband/family/community . 
  because of their backwards culture . 
  experience shows that in the case of the burkini , burqa , other islamic religious clothing it is much more likely to be a symbol of values , incompatible with the ones in france . 
  what if i told you that france will lose its freedoms and customs with a constantly increasing % of population following non-moderate , totalitarian versions of islam . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  your mention of `` kebab '' just means you do n't understand the seriousness of the problem .
