  there were no obligatory quotas they said . 
  it will be voluntary they said . 
  as voluntary as a traffic fine , or any other sanction . 
  `` police officers have the right to use lethal force and they do n't know your goals , should they just shoot you ? '', 
  i do n't want to be rude , but ca n't you think logically ? 
  because there is something missing in your phrase - and that is some sort of illegal activity . 
  like illegal border crossing . 
  or , for example , breaking in the police department , uninvited . 
  border crossing without permission is illegal for them . 
  the border guards have the right to use lethal force is necessary , since their goals are unknown and ca n't be known , thus irrelevant , and what matters more is that they are coming uninvited and violently , like we already saw in other countries . 
  so your argument that `` they do not pose a threat '' is invalid , because you ca n't know that . 
  but in this particular case they are the victims . 
  so i do n't see why you use the phrase `` victim playing '' , when victimhood is not fabricated . 
  unless they blocked themselves out of their conference of course . 
  yes , i 'm `` special '' because i want other people to respect such small and unimportant things like `` borders '' . 
  the phrase illegal border crossing must mean nothing then . 
  we must not be tolerant of the intolerant . 
  fuck them . 
  adapt or go away . 
  this is so strange to say these things outloud , i 'm pretty sure in the old times in europe and in less developed countries this is an unspoken rule . 
  the refugees that are coming here despise and hate these european values and would be willing to change them , if they had the chance . 
  this is an internet forum . 
  calm down . 
  the guy is naive , but let him speak . 
  we can help them . 
  outside europe . 
  in turkey , in a syria safe zone , that has been discussed many times . 
  we do n't own them the right to our lifestyles . 
  simple minds are those that think importing millions of muslim wo n't change europe . 
  and not for the best . 
  you have to be really naive not to see this after hearing that a lot of muslims do n't integrate , do n't accept european values ( if you look at the polls ) . 
  actually it is , this is done all the time in europe , even when a party `` wins '' the election by gaining the most votes and still stays in the opposition ( latvia ) . 
  it 's democratic , but it 's not very reasonable to ignore the surge of a new party like that ( from 0 to 25 % ) . 
  so desperate , 
  i imagine the outrage if it was `` intelligence and ethnicity '' . 
  or i do n't have to , since just 1 day ago there was a post on the front page associated with this sort of thing : https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/4g3z9c/til_famed_molecular_biologist_james_watson_put/, 
   blacks are more likely to be poor than whites , hence why it is a council estate . 
  now to suggest something like that is actually , genuinely racist . 
  but it wo n't weed itself out , it will be a burden to the rest of the society , because that society will have to , out of compassion , cure the child , if he has any disabilities because of a smoking parent . 
  and if the country has a national health service paid for by people 's taxes . 
  the `` it will weed itself out '' is a bad argument if you are talking about a country with welfare and overall government programs/services designed to help people . 
   and if there was such a huge demand for smoke-free bars , why was n't there any before the ban ? 
  a comment below basically answers this question : `` it makes the competition unfair for the ones that dont ban it . 
  so the ones that dont ban it are `` punished '' for being thoughtful of people 's health by restricting themselves to a part of the market . 
  not to mention that this might even cause some of them to close . '', 
  there are actually special rooms for people who smoke in at least some pubs and restaurants in europe . 
  ventilated etc. 
  it 's not that there are no alternatives . 
  i agree , it 's a difficult question , in the end it comes down to the fact that unrestricted/unregulated freedom can also be abused by racists , if not prohibited by the law . 
  if the jails are similar to those that breivik is in ( which do n't look like a prison at all - when compared to the rest of the world ) , then that 's probably not a good idea . 
  to be fair , that guy said : '' ... i do n't see why you should censor billboards or dictate supermarkets where ( or even if ) they have to sell cigarettes '' his comment about `` it 's your own health you destroy , after all . '', 
  i interpreted as taking into consideration the cafe/restaurant bans , which he said was ok - `` it 's okay if smoking in bars , restaurants , public buildings , etc. 
  is forbidden . '', 
  what if they take the money , but still let migrants slip through ? 
  what are the sanctions , the actions the eu will take against libya then ? 
  actually in estonia we have a traditional festival of song , when tallinn is full of people in traditional costumes . 
  these costumes do not cover the whole body though and have no connection with oppresive practices in some countries . 
  question 1 , why are they wearing hijab ? 
  question 2 , do they , in all other aspects accept the norms of the western society , which includes , for example , women 's rights and gender equality overall ? 
  i seriously doubt they chose to wear it themselves and not because they are forced to by the community they live in . 
  this would be hard to prove , but try proving that it is their choice and not made under pressure . 
  i highly doubt that this religious man reject only the cultural norm of shaking hands , which might seem harmless at first . 
  although in terms of etiquette this is a bomb . 
  do n't be racist and anti-muslim mr.fridolin . 
  i 'm sure the guy that refused has no other views which conflict with the modern cultural norms of the swedish society . 
  i think those that do it voluntarily are a small minority and there is probably something wrong with them , either a psych . 
  trauma or something of the sort . 
  it 's not okay , because it encourages irresponsibility , when it comes to sudden pregnancies , which do happen , even if rarely , etc. 
  people can control their urges , or vent them without resorting to prostitution . 
  sadly the law does n't address the reasons why people go into prostitution and especially if they go involuntarily . 
  but that is a whole different question , which is more associated with income inequality , unemployment . 
  `` a ) moralistic , which as far as i am concerned are not even worth responding to because this is n't the fucking 12th century and people can do whatever the fuck they want in their bedroom without some nosy assholes interfering . '', 
  these sorts of arguments exist because people are intertwined in a society , we live in a world where many if not most actions of single person affect directly or indirectly the lives of others . 
  this is called being responsible . 
  people can do whatever they want , only if they take the full responsibility for it . 
  i would argue that most prostitutes do it out of need and hence anyone who is expressing demand for their `` services '' is encouraging this `` business '' . 
  i 'm not arguing that there are n't any people who do it voluntarily because of money . 
  ( even though i think there is something wrong with them , either mentally or in some other way ) . 
  i doubt most do n't have any other choice . 
  i know some women in the 90s in eastern europe did n't have any . 
  technically , they probably did it out of their `` free will '' , but simply because the other options would be either going homeless , or a starving child , family . 
  `` and as for it being `` humiliating '' , everything is only as humiliating as the society at large makes it . '', 
  society does that for moral reasons , making prostitution legal sends a powerful message , for example - that not seeking a long lasting relationship , instead of just buying sex , is okay . 
  it makes it harder to `` employ '' these women , assuming the law is actually enforced . 
  i 'm not arguing it 's going to eradicate the problem 100 % , or even that it will help women solve the problem . 
  but it will discourage , make things more difficult . 
  as for the murder part , i was using the comparison made by the previous poster , people like to use abstract logic , so i applied it here and got this result . 
  how can you compare prostitution to working in mcdonalds ? 
  tbecause you do n't know 100 % who is doing it voluntarily and who is a victim of either trafficking or circumstances , has no alternative . 
  i 've heard about a lof of women who had to become prostitutes in eastern post-soviet europe , because all the other jobs were either non-existent or paid next to nothing , and money was needed now . 
  and monkeys and apes also kill each other , so let 's decriminalize murder then , it has been happening since ancient times . 
  i think prostitues are almost always forced by their circumstances to take this himuliating job and they hate it . 
  pretty sure if they had an alternative they 'd take it without thinking , if it paid at least the same and was decent . 
  you know that there were actually active monasteries , churches in soviet times ? 
  do you recognize the soviet leader breznev on this photo ? 
  it 's a form of manipulation . 
  there was a good comment below on this very question :  in reality i think those women `` agree '' to wear the veil just as much as a woman in the '50s `` agreed '' to be a housewife and mother . 
  even if on paper it was n't strictly mandatory , it was in fact the only option available to chose . 
  in other words i 'm not sure whether they really wish to do so or it 's the pressure of the people around them . 
  real conservatives should be opposed to the idea of equality afaik .
