  if you are given asylum , you get distributed to some european countr , you get support from these countries . 
  ( optional ) . 
  if you do n't like the country you are in , just go to whatever country you want to and push for asylum status there . 
  mandatory migrant quotas are not part of european values . 
  they 're neither of the things you quoted here . 
  czech prime minister bohuslav sobotka : `` we certainly do not perceive the eu as a supermarket and the czech republic never questioned the need for solidarity in resolving problems such as the migrant crisis . 
  nevertheless , we do not see mandatory quotas and the redistribution of migrants as a viable solution . 
  it is a big security risk and only fuels illegal migration to europe . '' i agree with that . 
  macron pushing this as `` european values '' is bullshit , he is basicly equating a very weak solution for the crisis to `` european values '' . 
  honestly they do n't have to now , assad had an army and influence in his own country years back when so many nations called for his leave . 
  right now he barely has an army , and it is consisted of iranian and russian troops , his part of syria is too devastated and too many troops killed now . 
  a transition to some sort of govenrment without him is almost entirely up to the russians and iranians now , who can just pull their support from assad and then every single military victory he had recently will collapse ... 
  if you actually watch how assad 's army barely manages to stitch up the holes in his defense while barely mounting any offensive you 'd get the idea of how things have changed for him . 
  yet when there was a news article here that spoke of a smaller firm moving to london with a similarly small amount of employees it was specifically pointed out in the comments how small the number of emplyees were . 
  while i see this post up and o nthe front page of the subreddit . 
  amazing bias . 
  then i guess you want parties with similar views like the dems and reps just not corrupt ? 
  the dems and reps absord all members of those potential parties already , because they have different factions ... but its the elelctoral system again , which makes it extremely hard to break up large parties with any hope of actual electoral success . 
  you 've got plenty of small parties already , all of them fecked by the electoral system . 
  constantly . 
  i really have little idea how romanian politics work , because experience tells me if some party is very corrupt then any stated ideology or name means nothing anymore . 
  hence why i wanted to reply that it seems so strange to hear that a supposedly social-democratic party would find it difficult to explain to voters why it alligned itself with an ehtnic-minority party . 
  did dragnea really lose votes ? 
  according to what opinion polls ? 
  wikipedia only has the ones from march, 
  this reminds me of the `` soviet republic '' flags , oh , the irony :d https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flags_of_the_soviet_republics, 
  but it 's a different slogan and a tougher one ... although i agree it is simila in meaning . 
  but the context is also different , i think . 
  the local prefecture calls them migrants , while the guardian calls them refugees . 
  `` a barrage of tree trunks was set up by migrants on the a16 between junctions 49 and 50 , '' the local prefecture said in a statement . 
  and they are migrants : `` at least 8,000 migrants , among them around 1,200 minors , from impromptu camps in the coastal region , were redistributed to cities , towns and villages across france last october . 
  most had made their way to calais after long land and sea journeys from afghanistan , sudan and eritrea . 
  still desperate to reach britain , many have since returned . 
  their hopes of doing so have been thwarted by increasingly higher walls , razor wire and security around the port and channel tunnel . '', 
  and we say : thank you for your service . 
  i was basically asking whether other parties have expressed willingness to work with denk at all ? 
  i assume no one then ? 
  your post does n't answer my question , 
  it 's basically reverse-spanish civil war , where badajoz , sevilla , valladolid were nationalist heartlands and have the highest temperatures :d, 
  can denk actually go into a coalition with someone ? 
  these guys are like the opposite to the right-wing populists , and they are as bad as the latter . 
  and 2 more years till the next greek election , with syriza still going down in the polls , being behind the main opposition party by a mile . 
  ukraine has major natural gas pipelines going through its territory and received a transit fee from russia . 
  that 's not very impressive though , belarus under an authoritarian regime was `` booming '' in the same way in the 2005-2008 period , at least if you trust the data provided on the same link , same goes for armenia , as an example . 
  they did n't have ortange revolutions and by that i assume western capital did n't pour into their countries ? 
  then why is their gdp per capita rising curve in exactly th same form as ukraine 's ? 
  `` and surprisingly nothing happened to economy '' that is just not true . 
  `` as yushchenko departs , ukrainians are angry that corruption is rife and the economy is in the tank . '', 
  so the fdp ca n't possibly gone into a coalition with the left-elaning parties ? 
  the % are there . 
  my point was that the change brought a pro-western government to power instead of a pro-russian one . 
  ukraine had a pro-russian government right before euromaidan . 
  it 's not just a fear of change , it 's fear that it after the change it might be even worse . 
  ukraine did n't have a pro-western government before euromaidan or visa-free regime with the eu , but then again it had crimea and no donbass war , even if russia fuelled those . 
  not to mention the falling economy , which is barely recovering now . 
  i actually stumbled upon an english article on our estonian website stating and confirming the comments here that the reufgees must legally return , although those that left reapply for asylum . 
  that 's the trick that they use . 
  that 's the point - the original pensions system was built on the idea of a a growing/stable working population , but it 's starting to shrink , while pensioner numbers rise . 
  not sustainable . 
  i agree that a shrkinking population is not always a bad thing , but you ca n't expect everything else to stay the same in this scenario , which is exactly why we 're having this discussion here . 
  the changes are going to be very very painful for the system to become sustainable and avoid a crash . 
  you are a demagogue and a racist , you twist my words and then change the initial meaning of what you said earlier . 
  you did n't mean and say `` polish people are white and ethnically from poland '' , you said `` most people have a natural desire to propagate their own kind . '', 
  which in this context means `` i think it 's ok for white/brown/black people to produce white/brown/black children simply because of the color of their skin '' . 
  you are a racist for believing polish people must be white , not that they are mostly white now . 
  and not that they must speak polish , or follow polish traditions . 
  you 're a racist and a demagogue . 
  if color of skin is important to you for `` propagating your kind '' then you are a racist . 
  finally , found one on this sub that is actually one . 
  how is it better ? 
  the percentage of pensioners in our populations is growing , these people need the pensions to survive , this is literally water , food and space for them and most of them either ca n't work or wo n't work , so they wo n't be contributing to the system themselves , relying on their own taxes , that they paid once , but mostly relying on the tazes of the current generation . 
  we are n't discussing potential food , water , whatever shortage here in the future . 
  might as well discuss the impact of a potential big asteroid strike then . 
  it has nothing to do with the original topic . 
  if you specifically advance the idea that europe must be white , or india must be brown , or africa must be black , whoever you are , then you are literally a racist . 
  this is what `` propagate their own kind '' means in your post considering the context . 
  europe indeed was locked in conflict with the church for a long time in battle for secular values . 
  but europe was n't secular before this conflict occured , was it ? 
  because this is what the person you 're responding to is porbably hinting on . 
  it 's not progress , it 's not evolution , it 's regression and decay . 
  the fact is that in the real world non-secular , traditional are more and more commonly pushed either with the help of the gun in the middle east or with simply replacing secular people with archaicly traditional people in a specific neighbourhood , one by one is different only in means , but not in their goal . 
  i do n't see many of the secular , progressive people defending their values where they are much needed - in migrant neighbourhoods of europe , for instance . 
  i do n't care what color europeans look in a hundred years , but i do care whether they will be the fgm , violently homophobic or any other archaic type . 
  it 's either that or they have to change the country they are in , probably aginst the wishes of a large amount of people ( akp voters ) . 
  that sounds suspiciously like a revolution to me . 
  the sovie union best and brightest could n't all emigrate , and those that managed to did it illegally . 
  and then the collapse happened . 
  so there is another way , sounds great . 
  to be more accurate , i think some labour and some tory do vocally support soft brexit , which is one of the reasons why may sought a larger majority is to eliminate opposition to hard brexit . 
  even though their electoral platform was hard brexit . 
  actually by this point i wo n't be surprised if someone does a major u-turn , takes out the `` no brexit is better than soft brexit '' card or whatever or just waits till the economic situation is so shitty because of unpredictability that attitudes start to change . 
  i do n't know anymore :d, 
  the uk is a much more diverse and powerful economy than norway though . 
  but if the `` the full-fat remain option '' turns out to be an end to all rebates , and a `` join the euro and everything else '' obligation ? 
  how many actual remainers would accept that ? 
  and why is the norwegian style deal , if it were to be negotiated successfully , so bad ? 
  60-70 % norwegians do n't want full eu membership atm anyway and the uk is definitely no poor country . 
  what the hell are they negotiating so long about ??? 
  or is this coalition thing just so new to the uk parties , that they are wasting their time ineffecieintly ? 
  in 2010 it took the tories and libdems 6 days to form a coalition .
