  if the 1 % you mentioned is basically helpless to stop it . 
  but i na scenario where it is smth like 20-30 % i can see it going to civil war easily . 
  i disagree , this is not how the real world works , think about a situation , where you know you are right , that `` make the calpihate great again . '', 
  propaganda , for example , is disastrous , but no words works and people keep joining . 
  and please also remember that you do not have an infinite amount of time to convince people that might fall for this propaganda to do otherwise . 
  this is not so black and white as `` to speak truth '' or `` to silence those you deem propagandists '' . 
  `` obvious ... propaganda . '', 
  no such thing as obvious , what is obvious to you is not 100 % obvious to anyone else . 
  everything is always up for debate , not matter what the law might say . 
  we could institute ultimate-everything-allowed freedom of speech tomorrow if no one who matters or has the power to stop this was against it . 
  and vice versa , we can ban certain topics tomorrow , if no one is powerful enough to stop this , and still have freedom of speech in every single topic toher than the ones banned . 
  it is not as easy as i see it being described in the comments both here and on r/ukpolitics . 
  i personally think there should be debates like the republican primaries in the us organized , every candidate gets to debate everyone else , if there are too many candidates , then divide the debating groups into two based on aggregated popularity ... 
  the most popular ones should be tested and be able to hold their views against even the least popular of the official candidates . 
  melenchon incoming to third place mr.fillon . 
  not that it matters much though , with a 10 % difference between the 2nd and 3rd places . 
  * bla-bla-bla * moderator : ow , look at that , x agrees with le pen on something !, 
  that always made me laugh :d, 
  he 's just `` being presidential '' i think, 
  what annoys me is that you can see the reaction of the audience . 
  imo there should n't be any audience at all . 
  dunno , i think it 's pretty good , at least i assume it 's a good translation . 
  do n't want to choose whether to go le pen or macron ? 
  respectively if theyare more to the right of fillon or more to the left of fillon . 
  fillon : 56 % ( -4 ) le pen : 44 % ( +4 ) but if fillon ever had a chance of getting to the 2nd round , this 56-44 would be pretty amazing for le pen , that would be getting close to those brexit/trump numbers . 
  plaid cymru warns of independence bid ... probably since like their party 's creation . 
  `` mr macron , who has praised chancellor angela merkel 's open-door refugee policy that `` saved our collective dignity '' , is promising to prioritise dealing with asylum requests within six months . 
  france should welcome refugees in need of `` protection '' , but `` other '' asylum seekers should be returned to their home country immediately , he says . '', 
  and if the asylum seekers refuse to go back home ? 
  and if they refuse to say where they came from ? 
  and if the country that is supposedly their home refuses to take them back ? 
  his plan looks good on paper , but i ca n't see how it is different from the present situation , since he 's not addressing any of the real problems that would stop him from implementing a view like that . 
  i never said merkel was a libertarian open border supporter , that 's your words . 
  i was actually talking about a lot of reddit users who support the idea . 
  he is n't talking about eu citizens , but basically mena countries . 
  `` asylum seekers '' not immigrants . 
  unless they are not asylum seekers , and then they are in fact immigrants . 
  at least he does n't say his son was a saint . 
  although he did n't specify who 's fault the drugs and cannabis was though . 
  in that the right-wing populist is right . 
  but some will stay pusue the libertarian open borders agenda simply because they believe it ` sin their interest and they do n't give a shit about the negative sides . 
  you are just repeating the same words , which mean nothing without context . 
  `` every party addresses questions on immigration , every party has its own nuanced view '' that 's ambigious as hell . 
  views like `` we should bring more refugees/immigrants because compassion/empathy/freedom , but we should check them better for criminals '' have proved to be at least partially fake and not meaning anything in particular . 
  not really , one other reaosn why some politician is called a populist is when he given promises he ca n't fulfill or as the wiki page says better than i can `` populism as demagogy , merely appearing to empathize with the public through rhetoric '' . 
  the latter fits rutte pretty well considering how he capitalized on the whole turkish scandal and how his party has become much more anti-immigrant in the last years . 
  whether he actually delivers on anything is doubtful at the moment . 
  wilders onthe platform addressing questions on immigration that other parties do n't want to even ask . 
  in what fashion it was done is another question , but if you and other just keep spewing the `` they are ignorant and they hate '' bullshit this will not help with anything at all . 
  oversimplification only gives more support to wilders and similar movements . 
  until the issues closely associated with immigration are dealth with this whole `` populism '' thing is n't going way for good . 
  your post was very informative , thank you , i will now never speak about american politics again !, 
  this is textbook hardcore political populism !, 
  all words , gestures and little action , although to be fair the us does n't seem to have the sort of problems that europe has with migrants, 
  that 's the same argument used against brexiteers - `` have a taste of your own medicine '' is basically what may is doing here . 
  especially since all intervetnion methods that would have been possible in the truly barbaric colonial past are off the table ... i really seen no good and efficient way out of this without causing causilities if we are to maintain the idea that people have the freedom to do whatever they like there , meaning if they wat to have 5-6 kids - fine , freedom . 
  but somehow once they ca n't feed them , provide opportunities for them it 's our problem . 
  `` at the moment there 's real discrimination with a sense of there being ` good refugees ' and ` bad migrants ' , and the africans are usually seen less deserving of international protection , '' africa has a birth rate that is too high , unsustainable . 
  hence the `` discrimination '' which is actually just a fact that helping each and every one of them without tackling the issue of high birth rate is very unsustainable . 
  gorbachev proclaimed after almost 70 years of experimenting with socialism that the soviet union needs more socialism for it to be more successful . 
  basically more of the same . 
  what happened with the soviet union shortly after ? 
  same here , europe sees a rise in right-wing populism , discontent over immigration , especially in eastern europe over the fact that the core eu countries have much more influence than they do and pull crap such as `` mandatory refugee quotas '' , over the clear fact that refugees do n't want to live in the more poorer countries like the baltics , while these countries have actually already spent money on preparing to take these refugees . 
  and then there is a politicians who says - let 's take more refugees , let 's have more eu . 
  more of the same . 
  in sports at least , the losing party analyzes why it lost , why the other won and proposes a new strategy , which should tackle the disadvantages it had before , possibly generating a new advantage for itself . 
  the same happens all the time in democracies . 
  yet i see no such thing from those who presumbly did n't vote for trump . 
  not all , but many if not most of them . 
  instead i see `` notmypresident '' , `` sorryaboutthemess '' and also `` democracy ai n't working well if the candidate i do n't like wins '' . 
  would be glad to see an explanation as to how these kind of posts , or actions like marches with a message like that , are going to convince those who voted for trump that they are wrong . 
  `` nobody complains about immigrants being on welfare in spain , because spanish government benefits are pretty scant . 
  unlike in the u.k. , for example , there is no housing benefit , child benefit or long-term unemployment benefit in spain . '', 
  actually a lot of people probably think the opposite , at least from my experience . 
  although spain is so close to africa that it is probably inevitable that migrants will come there just because of proximity and that spain is far more prosperous than any african country . 
  `` there is one tiny far-right party in spain . '', 
  that is false i believe , there are at least a few falanges out there for sure , remnants , reincarantions , remakes of the old movimiento nacional/falange . 
  we could ask turkey about this . 
  they are experts on nazis . 
  ( i know i know - erdogan bashing - very original ), 
  is cda a left-wing party though ? 
  the graphic seems to suggest so through the coloring of `` smaller left-wing parties ''  or am i reading too much into it ? 
  interesting , what party 's victory would he actually welcome though ? 
  also , who are the social democrats he is referring to ? 
  greenleft ? 
  the actual social democrats ie labour party got beaten harshly in this election . 
  just go to r/politics and post this in the comments over there . 
  see what replies you get and how `` obvious '' it is . 
  ( `` no , should have just voted for clinton , that 's it , you bernie bro !, 
  '' - type responses ), 
  you mean , until i agree with everything you say ? 
  i do n't see any arguments from you . 
  i actually wrote a small post with numbers . 
  it 's a quote from jesse klaver . 
  i assume it means being straight/honest about your principles . 
  where the hell did i imply that ? 
  please show me . 
  i suggest you improve your debating skills , 
  that 's at least two things  and each candidate is not one `` single thing '' for voters , just like you said `` there are a thousand different reasons why people voted for trump '' . 
  you basically ignored my point .
