  even though this particular poll gives fillon 19 % , i 've seen lower , but that 's pretty close to the fronrunners . 
  from what translated pieces i 've seen macron was pretty ambigious at times , le pen was right cricitizing that his words are sometimes too ambigious , might mean anything , what does a more united europe , or a stronger europe even mean ? 
  mandatory refugee quotas ? 
  federal europe ? 
  if not for the scandals fillon sounded pretty reasonable among them all . 
  `` macron claimed to `` carry europe in [ his ] heart , '' and was the only one to defend the eu . '', 
  even in the pieces i 've seen fillon defended the status quo , here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzxxmcfob9y unless `` others opposed the eu 's directive on detached workers '' literally means they did not `` defend the eu '' , then , yeah . 
  look up french presidential debate highlights ( english subtitles ) 1 of 12 on youtube , hilarious scenes fro mthe debate , wish i knew french and did n't have to rely in subtitles . 
  pretty awesome , love the range of different views and parties . 
  20 % difference is pretty big . 
  now , if fillon were to get to second round - then we\u00e4d be talking about a very possible le pen win . 
  its the goddamn french , i knew it !, 
  i used google translate , since i do n't know swedish and reasons like `` as teachers , we must also look to the less sporty girls . 
  we might lose them completely in a mixed group . '', 
  or `` the girls will be safer when they get to be in a separate group . '', 
  sound very weak if not obsolete to me , basically defending segregation instead of addresing the issues of `` why do girls feel unsafe '' or `` how to engage with less sporty girls '' . 
  i personally would n't want sweden to just `` lean bit to the right '' , i want sweden to solve the problem of people who do n't want to integrate . 
  that 's it . 
  so it would be okay to say that islamic radicalism and other cases of sexism/homophobia , that is practised by some , make the job easier for far-right parties to attract supporters . 
  i have a feeling those who say smth like that outloud would be branded far-right themselves . 
  so it 's not actually religious , religious in name only . 
  the photo gallery is a login page for me, 
  i 've raised the same question below . 
  it 's basically a question whether segregation is ok if the people segregated agree with it . 
  but it 's basically a precedent . 
  how do you know these girls actually like it and not being brainwashed ? 
  it also rises similar questions : perhaps some wives like/agree that it is right to be beaten by their husbands , hence it should n't be punished . 
  perhaps , but this is n't the first instance when they separate girls and boys somehow . 
  maybe these people want that , just like the veil , you should n't ban that !, 
  / s but seriously , how do you prove that the children disapprove of this practice ? 
  and if they do n't ? 
  i do n't see any protests from them about it . 
  oh , i can see some fun debates here . 
  not good , the % of pensioners will probably become much bigger ... 
  + other industrial applications , electricity generation , compressing to cng, 
  what is `` very cheap '' ? 
  it 's not stated in the article or your comment , to be serious about this . 
  no problem , what 's the price going to be for that gas ? 
  these elctions were considered free and fair by the international community , were n't they ? 
  anyway , the things you mentioned do n't stop people from not voting vucic and voting for other candidates . 
  yet they still vote for him . 
  this is similar to what is in russia , anyone who believes putin does n't have a high support is living in lalala land , pretty sure the real figures are not as high as the official ones , but it 's somewhere over 50 + , which is basically enough . 
  egypt is n't exactly a good example , it 's somewhere right there with libya and syria . 
  tunisia - maybe . 
  one good example of a small country against three bad examples of much bigger countries . 
  yeah , just like in libya ... oh wait ... 
  launching probe ... ( c ) mass effect 2, 
  far-left candidate supporting pro-militarist policies ? 
  i 'm half-joking of course , but this is probably a biased source : `` published by the international committee of the fourth international ( icfi ) '', 
  the turkish laws are pretty insane/corrupt , an electoral threshold of ten ( 10 % ) percent is insane for a country of 80 million . 
  it helps akp a lot . 
  a 10 % threshold would have made sense for a very small country , perhaps , but even that is doubtful . 
  the problems is not in the democracy , but in the people . 
  not a popular or even acceptable opinion to some , i know . 
  but it 's the truth . 
  if a good portion of the populace is apathetic or would have even liked to be on top of the heap themselves ( be like vucic/erdogan themselves ) ? 
  i do n't know about serbia in particular , but since you mentioned russia , then that 's the 2 reasons i 've heard many people admit quite openly . 
  `` if he was bullied by a white german , would you post the story ? '', 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive , and that is very hypothetical . 
  unless you can actually prove with sources that there are actual recent news of jewish kids being bullied by white germans that are being ignored . 
  i kind of wanted to argue here , but actually we still have elections as fairly simple mechanism to influence our future . 
  but most never use it , they still vote for the same old parties , a small minority votes for the new faces . 
  not as much as people forget , but they are afraid to change the status quo , because that can have very bad consequences , just look at iraq and syria , even though that is an extreme example . 
  it 's not that easy and people are already punishing syriza in the polls harshly , they slumped to 20-25 % already if not lower . 
  other than that , yeah , i though the greek referendum would be an end to euro in greece and return to drahmas , but when i saw tzipras on tv the next few days , he looked like he was drinking all those days . 
  i really get the whole `` representatives that do what 's best for the country '' , but that is naive , in real life this is soo soo easily abused by the politicians and that is why when think of rules and principles that referendums must be respected etc. 
  i also highly doubt that people who believe that would just accept a politician making a decision against the will of the majority ( demonstrated in polls and referendums ) if they were personally very much against it . 
  like if remain won , but the conservative government would decide to go with brexit anyway . 
  if the referendum was `` non-binding '' as they say , then there was nothing legally stopping them from doing so in the first place . 
  sounds suspiciously racist . 
  but seriously speaking , the only alternative is getting tougher on integration . 
  but that is in many ways going back to the old days , while simultaneously having a multiethnic society . 
  i 'm not sure how those who want to `` defend their cultural identity '' are going to take this . 
  perhaps that is why some never leave the ghettos . 
  i am amazed we even got to this point . 
  it 's like people in the western europe expected all migrants would just adapt and integrate with their society and never thought that a significant portion does n't care about that and is willing to resist . 
  great , now how do we enforce this ? 
  serious question , because i ca n't actually see how this is going to be enforced while maintaining most of the attributes of the status quo , if the migrant flow continues and they decide to all have more babies than the dutch ( or vice versa - the dutch decide to have much less babies , the effect is almost the same ) , then how do you stop the dutch from becoming a minority in the long run ? 
  any actual meaning behind those words ? 
  like what are they going to offer or agree with the uk ? 
  i want to hear something more meaningful than words like that , and i would have preferred he said smth diplomatic like `` we respect the decision of the referendum , but will defend our interests first during the negotiations '' . 
  this the same thing that wilders , le pen say . 
  for them brexit is a brilliant decision , for tusk it 's a punishment . 
  this is just not serious . 
  the video says that the government has pushed the migrant populaiton into a corner and forgotten about them . 
  what exactly is the government obliged to do here ? 
  i was told repeatedly these migrants are hard-working , yet a 30 + unemployment among foreign-born disproves that it 's just a problem for some very small insignificant minority , no way is 20-30 % insignificant . 
  if the migrants ca n't do without government help , then why let them in at all ? 
  this is so bizarre . 
  and then decent migrants get hurt or even killed . 
  trump is not responsible for this shit , no matter how shitty he himself is . 
  wow , that 's just pathetic . 
  oh , i agree that at least part of the former francoist establishment is still in control of the country . 
  but partido popular for example , voted against the ley de memoria hist\u00f3rica in 2007 and many others , and now they are still in power . 
  if it is such a important topic for spanish votes and there is some sort of strong consensus on how to move forward with this , why do voters still keep handing pp first place in the elections ? 
  this is probably why there wo n't be any really huge opposition to this court ruling . 
  `` something like that is not of importance in law ... '' - you are just proving my point . 
  '' ... because the rule of law already is defind by its wording '' - so the law is true because it 's the law ? 
  what are even talking about ? 
  any law , for example , can be either ethical or not .
