  `` speak welsh '' does n't equal `` doesnt speak english '' , or are there really so many people who speak welsh-only in the uk ?? 
  `` people in the uk are brought up in peace and security , with no responsibility , but these young people may have seen their homes burnt and their families killed . '', 
  the guy said they `` have no reponsibility '' , he did n't say `` less '' . 
  and what does `` these young people may have seen their homes burnt and their families killed '' have to do with responsibility ? 
  is he saying people ca n't be irresponsible because they 've seen their homes burnt and their families killed ? 
  it just seems he wanted to rant about the old topic which seems to be popular among some refugees - `` the people of the west live in a dream , they 've got it easy , get things easy , live in a paradise , etc '' . 
  it 's emotional ranting , and it seems he is just catering to those who came to the uk and saw that 's no utopia . 
  it 's not a matter of belief , i gave a quote - that is what he is saying . 
  and he is saying , i quote again , `` people in the uk ... with no responsibility '' . 
  perhaps he worded it wrong , or he wanted to say something else , that 's his problem and he takes responsibility for what and how he says . 
  no responsibility means what it means, 
  so what exactly does the `` no responsibility '' line means ? 
  whar are uk people not responsible with ? 
  in terms of what exactly ? 
  `` people in the uk are brought up in peace and security , with no responsibility , but these young people may have seen their homes burnt and their families killed . '', 
  `` have n't seen their homes and their families killed '' equals to `` have no responsibility '' now , wow . 
  talk about ruining a generally okay piece . 
  although the article goes even further down the same `` shame on you '' road after that . 
  i highly doubt she meant that others should be forced to eat pork and drink alcohol . 
  juppe showing how tough he is to the pro-european crows ? 
  a post here is already addressing one of your points about `` long-term prosperity '' - `` after decades and decades of mainstream parties promising to ` create jobs ' and ` protect the middle class ' , but failing to do so ; what do you expect ? '', 
  also , the wording you use in your post reminds of that one type of uk remain supporters - the ones that are snobby and elitist . 
  some forces will blame anybody , but not acknowledge , or even have a proper debate on these issues like migration etc. 
  also , the word `` populist '' is the next candidate to be overused so much till it starts gradually losing meaning . 
  if too many parties are called populist just because they provide non-mainstream solutions , whatever they are , then the word will lost its meaning and weight . 
  oxford dictionary to the rescue : populism - [ mass noun ] support for the concerns of ordinary people . 
  what it seems to me though , when certain political parties defend the interests of immigrants then so they are in fact populist as well , it 's just that the `` ordinary people '' they support hardly include the native populations . 
  looked up wikipedia o nthe 2014 referendum , and yeah : `` citizens of other european union countries who were resident in scotland '' , i guess that 's the meaning of `` who have made scotland their home '' . 
  so basically it 's the same rules like the last time ? 
  '' \u25fe 16 and 17 year-olds and citizens of eu countries who have made scotland their home would again be able to vote '' is allowing eu citizen to vote legally sound ? 
  first time i hear that people with other passports could vote in a referendum . 
  unless the uk is arguing for retaining their representation in the eu parliament ( for example ) then no - they are not asking for the '' same rights as paid-up members '' . 
  so technically that 's already a `` worse deal '' . 
  '' \u25fe 16 and 17 year-olds and citizens of eu countries who have made scotland their home would again be able to vote '' is allowing eu citizen to vote legally sound ? 
  first time i hear that people with other passports could vote in a referendum . 
  yes , but it matters a lot whether those cosnervative mps would support either a soft or hard brexit , or whatever solution in-between those two , the torys were pretty divided during the referendum . 
  that does n't really matter , the uk had a referendum and that 's the result , whether it 's 52-48 or 70-30 . 
  furthermore , attitudes and opinions change over time , should we have a referendum every 2 weeks ? 
  because polls are unreliable and ca n't be used , as seen multiple times . 
  but , and this is important , everyone knew beforehand that once one `` side '' gets that 50 % +1 votes - it wins . 
  that 's why every vote counted and , again , - everyone knew that when they were campaigning . 
  personally , i think the uk should have had or should organize an early general election to resolve this , even though their voting system is stupid , what 's the point of voting at all if your two most likely to win constituency candidates are , for example , both for hard/soft brexit and you do n't agree with them . 
  your vote does n't mean much if you do n't get an mp from that in fptp , afaik . 
  there 's a video there with a description : `` leave voter who wants to ` control our own laws ' ca n't name single eu law '' i just remember asking a friend who lives in the uk , who said he voted remain , whether he could name a few undoubtedly positive `` eu regulations or laws '' and he could n't remember a single one either , only said he was content with the `` laws and regulations we have now '' . 
  i guess that proves the remain voters did n't have a clue either ? 
  we transfer all the population of bangladesh to some eu country and that country will be bandladesh . 
  can someone clarify this - basically the `` jungle '' `` refugees '' got what they wanted ? 
  a passage to the uk ? 
  that was their solution , to basically let them have their way ? 
  nah , it 's not that great , as is said in the article itself : `` the problem will be in 2017 , because there 's no budget yet and public investments , fiscal policy or money distribution wo n't be known till then , '' he said . 
  `` this produces uncertainty . '', 
  he said `` the main issue is investor confidence , national and foreign , '' predicting that , once a new government is formed , there should be a surge in investment . 
  i guess one answer each from both latvia and lithuania and two from us , because we 're the e-estonia , the internet nation and i have no empathy for the other two backward losers !!, 
  there was no single leave campaign , there was farage and there was vote leave , for instance , they said different things and they take responsibility only for the things they said themselves . 
  as opposed to the remain campaign , which was pretty united imo . 
  desperation is an ugly perfume . 
  so what comes now , an eventual coalition with pp ? 
  although if podemos/cc/psoe / pp are n't willing to work with each other enough to form a coalition ... 
  `` the tally in saturday 's vote was 133-109 ; according to el mundo , the vote was held by a show of hands , after critics dismissed the use of a ballot box as an attempt to rig the vote . '', 
  wow , but that means they ignored the issue of privacy and potentially others could know what you voted for ? 
  even though i 'd probably support that for parliaments , other voting where the leadership is making their decision . 
  they are representatives after all . 
  and a tere to you from the barren wastelands of estonia !, 
  why would the eu be against psoe and podemos in government ? 
  psoe is n't eurosceptic , podemos is n't eurosceptic enough imo . 
  `` if you are not a woman , than what exactly gives you the right/knowledge/experience to say how this `` will not have their lives changed one bit by this . '', 
  that argument is stupid , it can be easily turned around in many other controversial topics . 
  to be fair , there is no single `` europe '' or `` usa '' entity when it comes to question like that , you will find very different prevalent opinions depending on countries/states . 
  is n't it already based on that depending on profession ? 
  i know in russia it was , at least in the 1990s , for miners , people who work with chemicals etc. 
  i assume other countries probably had something of the sort as well . 
  you have n't been reading the news enough then : afghan refugee shot dead by police while trying to enter bulgaria man was killed after police officer fired warning shots during scuffles on border with turkey , when a bullet is said to have ricocheted !!!!, 
  ! public bnr radio cited the interior ministry 's chief of staff , georgy kostov , as saying that the group of 50 people -- all from afghanistan -- was intercepted by a patrol of two border guards and a police officer after crossing into bulgarian territory . 
  ! `` they put up resistance during the arrest . 
  one of the officers fired warning shots and , in his words , one of the migrants was wounded by a ricochet and later died , '' kostov told the radio . 
  `` migrants should be shot at the border '' what she actually said : `` must stop illegal border crossings , and also make use of his firearm if necessary . '', 
  considering how the refugees were behaving - clashing with the border guards , tearing down fences , etc , when they crossed the border in hungary and neighboring countries , this is n't an unreasonable request . 
  those who do n't behave should be given a very clear signal that they ca n't just force their way through and no one will stop them . 
  while those are real concern ( many of which are offtopic though ) , they do n't prove that dax-30 companies have discriminated against women . 
  `` it is deplorable that in more than 65 years of the federal republic of germany , the dax-30 companies have n't managed to get a few more women onto supervisory boards on a voluntary basis , '' she complained . '', 
  i do n't see any prove that this was due to sexism , and not because the men that are charge were actually deemed more qualified . 
  or maybe someone has prove ? 
  i mean real prove , not the `` they do n't have 50/50 gender distribution hence they are sexist somewhere '' . 
  here 's food for thought , associated with the burqa ban story : if , say , 1 % of the french population willingly accepts islamic values as their own , even if they contradict gender equality etc , is that acceptable and what should be done about it if anything . 
  then ask the same question , but change the % to 5 , 10 , 25 , 50 . 
  how many people wearing the burqa actually follow all the other laws and customs which are now common in france like everything associated with gender equality , etc ? 
  have to ask : `` orange tears '' as in ciudadanos ? 
  thank you , your opinion is very important to us !, 
  a migrant ca n't commit a hate crime against someone else ? 
  ca n't be racist/sexist/etc ? 
  '' ... only requested hungary to welcome 1,000 refugees - that represents a mere 0.01 percent of the current population . '', 
  the author implies that it 's a small % , would really like to know what % would be considered high . 
  why is n't 30 , 50 , 100 % not ok then ? 
  we all know refugees are the same people as us , a different culture , but we 'll manage , since immigration only benefits the economy , helps fill job positions which nobody wants , even create jobs , then it 's obvious that the economy of hungary will only benefit from this . 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  and then the parasite carries the mother 's dna further . 
  that 's like the main thing the whole nature is concerned about . 
  that 's not a parasite . 
  although i 'm not completely sure you\u00e4re not trolling . 
  `` child in belly should n't be considered as life , but as parasite '' ah , the other radical side of this very controversial question has arrived .
