  in this hypothetical scenario because the country is divided this would be a compromise . 
  and this is a scenario where remain wins with the same margin , since the popular argument today is that 48 voted for remain and that should be considered for example by staying i nthe single market . 
  then the same should apply if remain would have won - something has to go , has to be a compromise . 
   i think we can all agree that the choice to make such a colossal decision based on a simple majority vote and what would your reaction be if the vote was 52/48 for remain and the parliament then decided ( because it can , not legally binding referendum , etc ) to still leave . 
  a possible explanation would be : the country is divided 52/48 , a soft brexit would not please everyone , but would be a compromise . 
  the `` arabic background '' is important according to the writer to `` create trust '' , if he thought otherwise he would n't have included this blatantly racist requirement . 
  if integration if a one-way street , then what can the refugees give the germans ? 
  germans are waaaay ahead in everything from economic organization , to progressive values , societal organization . 
  unless you are seriously suggesting crazy ideas like germans learning arabic to help these refugees , who ca n't learn german . 
  but i do n't want to engage in strawmaning , what exactly did you mean ? 
  is n't the present solution the only thing that is actually holding the country together ? 
  there is a reason why rs exists at all , at least i udnerstand it so . 
  it has support . 
  actually they do , just not on the graphic , if you look carefully both the cdu and fdp have `` tax reductions '' in their `` bubbles '' . 
  i understand it may be differentl in their programs , but the idea is still basically the same . 
  try telling that to the americans here , which are the most populous group on this site apparently , to the transgender soldiers , to those who depend on obamacare etc. 
  they really are n't same , they just are n't 100 % like they describe themselves during elections . 
  important distinction . 
  what is a `` beta republic germany '' for the fdp there ? 
  not very informative !, 
  sweden is islamist in that world , so that role is taken . 
  no choice for denmark , since the viking barbarian role is taken by norway !, 
  `` tourishts go home , refugees welcome '' - written on one graffiti . 
  it 's amazing how some of the radical right use refugees as scapegoats , but now some of the radical left in spain use tourists in the same manner , they even use the same language : `` invasion '' , '' killing neighbourhoods '' , etc. 
  it seems that you misunderstand that laws can be severely abused by dishonest people if the laws do not account for said abuses . 
  if there is info on the ground that there are smugglers that prepare these ships then there is the reason to act against them . 
  second , you talk about deporations , but those are rarely done in practise , simply because authorities ca n't always track said migrants , and different human rights organization protest loudly against any such occurence unless they are defeated in court after many months/years or a certain case is so outrageous , having to do with a criminal for example , that they risk their reputation . 
  the fact is that dishonest people in large numbers can and some want to abuse the idea that `` human lives are `` sacred '' '' by endangering their life willingly . 
  then they are ready to use any method possible to conceal their true intentions . 
  the rules either have to be changed or the authorities have to go the difficult route of simply refusing to help some on the grounds that they simply ca n't take any more . 
  it 's not helping if you ignore this glaring problem . 
  you do n't seem to understand the difference between moral and legal obligation , those are two separate debates . 
  so you agree that i have no moral obligation to help someone who wants to abuse my help for his own gains . 
  then you will see why in support changing the legal requirements as well in these cases . 
  most of them are identifiable . 
  i have no moral obligation to help someone who is willingly stepping on a ship while knowing it is going to be in distress . 
  this is abuse . 
  not to mention that i and others would endanger myself by helping someone who is willing to take this risk , who knows what else is he willing to do . 
  italy has no moral obligation to save ships that are made to go to the bottom of the sea . 
  this is abuse , this needs to be said loud and clear . 
  as for legal oblligation this is another question , but i believe they should be changed anyway . 
  no need for sinking . 
  redirecting is enough . 
  do n't let them abuse this situation and the numbers will gradually go down . 
  that 's how it works . 
  no need for a military intervention . 
  but there is a need for enforcing the interests of italy by clearly lesseing the incentive to use smugglers . 
  this means turning around migrant boats back to libyan waters . 
  italy has to repeat and implement the same words `` any naval vessel that enters national waters without permission from the army '' as spoken by khalifa haftar . 
  yup , `` the lowest rating for a french president two months into his term '' . 
  why did this happen though ? 
  that 's a either a sign of weakness and lack of political will or criminal intention . 
  nothing more . 
  whataboutism . 
  thar 's whataboutism in its purest form . 
  `` but what about the other part of the poll ... '' -, 
  the question of `` are you willing to fight and go to war for their country . '', 
  is quite different than specifically `` defend their country from invaders '' . 
  i can see lots of people understanding the questio differently . 
  he only wanted the best conditions for himself , you would have done the same / s, 
  is it really possible that sd may support an alliance goverment ? 
  or something along those lines ? 
  they could do a finnish-type coalition ( centre-right + true finns ) , although i suspect it would be more scandalous for sweden . 
  prime minister stefan l\u00f6fven is expected to call the press in the afternoon . 
  `` yes , there is definitely a potential risk that prime minister stefan l\u00f6fven announces his resignation , '' says a source of svt news . 
  holy shit , really ? 
  the whole government ? 
  i jsut started reading sources in english and all i understood that the opposition wants a no-confidence vote on just 3 ministers ? 
  `` according to svt news sources , the government did not expect the bourgeois alliance ... '' some weird google translate translation , soviet-speak - `` bourgeois '' . 
  looks more like playing the `` left vs right '' ( `` good vs evil '' ) game . 
  since when are anarchists right-wing ? 
  i 'm not the one who said `` all of the questions are pretty stupid '' . 
  hence why i asked . 
   you should be able to shake hands with both genders . 
  what 's so stupid about this ? 
  i only implied , and it 's pretty obvious because i refer to germany and sweden , that they know the most essential things about getting to the most welfare-rich and wealthy countries . 
  they only need to know how to find the relevant facebook group or other website for that . 
  they wo n't know about the ports , but they have smartphones , they know that europe is a land of opportunity and that they should try to skip countries like italy and go for germany/sweden ? 
  yeah , no , the majority will know about it , and not knowing about matters like this does n't take away the responsibility . 
  `` nobody in europe would be able to even criticize - given the circumstances . '', 
  oh , there will be cricitism , just mostly crazy , ignoring-every-other-argument type of criticism . 
  the one that does n't want a dialogue or a debate , hell , there are people that posts these things on this very sub . 
  not speaking about caesar , but cecil rhodes 's statue was almost removed in the uk , so some take this as a pretty big deal . 
  i 'm not sure it 's clever to judge ancient leaders by the standards of the modern age . 
  all those people gathered together , to march to kfc , to eat that chicken . 
  psoe is republican ? 
  anti-monarchist ? 
   feefees about muslims i am not ashamed to say that downvote posts with phrases like this in a heartbeat . 
  you really added nothing to the discussion . 
  so catalonia planning a hard brexit/catexit in 48 hours ??? 
  does that mean only wto-rules for them in terms of trade ? 
  this looks super crazy considering the uk had 2 years to negotiate their exit . 
  also beware while you 're manspreading and feeling all high/wide and mighty , they are probably checking your pockets as well . 
  legally they have to be returned to the country they were assigned to , so if it 's estonia - they have to go back to estonia . 
  `` according to the ministry of social affairs , families of quota refugees are leaving estonia in hopes that conditions in some other european country are better , kuuse told bns on tuesday . 
  `` this is an elusive expectation , as it is not possible for these people to legalize their living in another country , '' kuuse said , adding that this included working , sending their kids to school and applying for services and benefits . 
  `` it must also be taken into account that as they have obtained their status in estonia , they will be sent back to us from other countries sooner or later . '', 
  i think they can leave their assinged countries for no more than 90 days over any 180 day period . 
  at least that 's what i heard from our news sources , that some have already breached that limit . 
  `` how are you gon na stop them , internal border checks have largely been abolished thanks to the schengen agreement . '',
