  but it can be defines when asnwering concrete questions at least in some way and since there are people willing to abuse this `` no clear definition '' for purely personal gain to the detriment of others - this is going to be up in the air now . 
  there are answers to certain questions , there is no clear and at the same time encompassing every aspect of life definition . 
  but there are anwers to certain questions , like : - is someone who refuses to learn the language danish ? 
  - absolute most will probably say no . 
  - is someone who thinks sharia law should replace common law in denmark danish ? 
  - pretty sure most will answer no , even if the person who said that is ethnically danish . 
  this is true for danishness . 
  this `` ambiguity '' is also used by people , who just do n't want to learn the language , accept the societal norms . 
  if a grown man or woman lives in denmark and does n't speak danish - they are definitely not danish . 
  it 's that simple and this is how others would view it , even if they wo n't admit it outload because of pc or whatever else . 
  there is no fixed definition , pretty sure the definition that some had in the 19th centuryo r smth would probably not apply now , or be considered too traditionalism , imperialistic , etc. 
  but i still stand on my opinion that someone who does n't speak danish definitely is n't danish , he 's someone else . 
  people with the mentioned disability do n't count , this is common sense . 
  i really ca n't call someone danish who ca n't even speak danish . 
  no matter what his skin color his . 
  so we can start with that when it comes to danishness . 
  why is scotland , northern ireland and italy colored ? 
  immigrants from the balkans ? 
  that was quick . 
  i guess he 's finished now for sure , once people start laughing at you like that your only chance of winning is probably just to behave like trump ( `` i do n't care , they 're losers '' - style ) and that tactic was used already !, 
  in the soviet union a state with `` socialist tendencies '' basically meant a state that has a pro-soviet foreign policy and has nationalized the biggest industries . 
  this is just not true for europe , and has never been true even in the most `` socialist '' years when the amount of state ownership may have been smth like 40-50 % of the economy in the western countries . 
  while i disgaree with him , i also disagree with you , it 's not because of socialism , it 's because of successful internal competition in the economy , in governing . 
  if you look at the poorest countries in terms of standard of living you will see that they are the most authoritarian , less freedoms , less democracy , more nepotism , more corruption . 
  now , whether the conditions for this successful competiton are connected to welfare reforms in the past is another question , a pragmatic one . 
  that 's not socialism , paying 52 % is not socialism if most businesses are still private . 
  and they are . 
  it 's either corruption or whatever , but it 's not socialism if you have some form of market economy still going . 
  they have done so already . 
  `` admit the shit '' usually means `` give more money/aid '' today . 
  sure : 1 . 
  support for business practices/laws while ignoring the social consequences , sometimes others as well 2 . 
  deregulation , which is mostly extremely profitable for big businesses , than for smaller ones 3 . 
  cuts/austerity as a rule, 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  under the falange/movimiento nacional governments hundreds of thousands of people were executed . 
  and franco never meant juan carlos to be a pro-democracy/liberal leader himself . 
  there were plenty indications that franco expected him to continue the regime in some way . 
  western europe has barely any effective mechanism for bringing the uncivilized to civility anymore . 
  because of over-tolerance , misunderstood concept of multiculturalism where barbaric practices are somehow considered `` culture '' . 
  in the past it was the possibility of extreme poverty , unemployment up to starvation and also societal pressure with rejection of anyone who didn\u00e4t comform , that made the most uncivilized either change , try to change or simply perish . 
  cruel times . 
  i see no other solution today than societal pressure , but its not very effective , because it 's voluntary . 
  are you sure it 's a museum ? 
  looks a typical tourist shop in greece :d, 
  no i was n't that 's purely your imterpretation . 
  my point is if i 'm against neoliberalism how is an honest neoliberal better than a covert neoliberal for me ? 
  how is that going to attract my vote exactly ? 
  i have a strong suspicion this approach will attract voters to more radical politicians , especially if there is a strong desire for big change , then promise sof little change wo n't do , since there is no guarantee they will keep them either . 
  whether there is a strong desire for big change in france i have n't made up my mind . 
  a neoliberal is still a neoliberal to me , speaking from a purely ideological perspective . 
  `` but his look should n't even be a criteria to consider '' that 's not how it works in reality of course , but it 's okay for macron , at least for people who agree with him :d, 
  `` he seems to be very honest about his neoliberalism '' and this is good , because ... ? 
  an honest neoliberal , that is going to win , is better than a dishonest neoliberal that won in the past in what way exactly ? 
  other than he does n't hide it ? 
  i thought he was centrist . 
  you showed him , he will certainly change his mind now, 
  the article has the top picture with one such plaque with a full-blown falange sign !, 
  wow , how the hell did it stay there for so long ? 
  `` other solutions '' like `` more money/benefits/other free stuff '' ? 
  what other solutions are there ? 
  these groups have too many people who do n't want to be dutch in any possible way . 
  that 's how they and others understand multiculturalism . 
  as a weakness . 
  short answer on a complicated matter : because nearly every other political force ignores the obvious problems with migrants , particularly with muslims , or sugarcoats it , or outright denies the problems and places the blame on everyone else . 
  perhaps putin got the idea that he ca n't trade donbass for crimea recognition , so he decided to go `` freeze '' this conflict . 
  i guess the plan is , similarly to those who wanted and still want a second eu referendum , that the participation % of those who are pro-remain or pro-indepence would be so high it would produce the `` desired '' result . 
  malta is overcrowded :d literally the highest population density in the eu . 
  other than that , yesm fair point , though they do have their own language there as well ... as well as the irish ... 
  i did n't call bulgaria or romania , and i quote you - `` shithole '' , but it 's a fact that wages there are much much lower . 
  any country has the right to control who can come to them , others do n't automatically have the right to come . 
  that 's very anecdotal , if you work in an international firm , sure , you do n't need the language , or if you work in construction . 
  it 's not offensive , if the fact that romania and bulgaria are sifnigicantly poorer that the uk and people from both countries want to live in the uk instead , if this is offensive to someone then this person needs a reality check . 
  why is it offensive ? 
  what other english-speaking countries are there in the eu other than uk and ireland ? 
  and english being the dominant foreign language in schools in europe , it all makes sense . 
  barely anyone in eastern europe can speak french , a little bit more can speak german . 
  i personally support immigration of people who integrate or bring something new that is not culturally backwards , do n't care what race they are . 
  but i would be against a white polish man or woman as much as i 'm against a black african man or woman if they both are young and healthy , able to learn the language and change , but still live in their self-made ghettos . 
  i have seen too few people who would be hostile to someone making an honest effort to integrate . 
  very very few , and they are hated by their own as well usually . 
  ... and home to one of the lowest wages in the eu ? 
  even people in estonia , with one of the highest standards of living amoung the post-communist countries , are emigrating . 
  young people too . 
  and this is because - surprise , surprise - not everyone works or can work in it . 
  even on r/uk they have a post that proves it 's somewhat a thing , there 's an actual reported linked there . 
  switzerland !, 
  only slightly harder than native swedes , it pales in comparison to the 30 % for non-eu citizens . 
  the sdp , greens and the left have less seats than the alliance without any sd support . 
  122 vs 123 , at least according to this poll . 
  ironically , people will probably still vote for populists because the establishment does n't want to change even under the pressure . 
  they 're probably not going to be the losers . 
  very few countries have it the other way , maybe denmark , as an example . 
  look at that number of racists !, 
  where did they appear for no reason whatsoever ? 
  have they no shame ? 
  ca n't they think about someone other than themselves ? 
  / s ( actual replies and comments i 've seen on topics like these ), 
  diomerda is literally waiting for it to happen , hence why he says `` i do n't think it ever happened though '' . 
  `` instead of solving real problems '' how ?
