  unless there 's some sort of hidden message behind lines as `` threats , accidents and natural disasters do n't relate to national boundaries . '', 
  too moderate , literally pol pot, 
  from her instagram , make of it what you will : `` growing up in a very very white city , i had no idea the struggles black women face and how often they were persecuted for their hair . '', 
  `` i do regret doing this . 
  i hold up my hands , i 'm so so so sorry and i 'm very sorry this cover was taken away from a black woman . '', 
  g\u00fcnther is swedish is n't he ? 
  although not the first time someone fro ma foreign country does that , but i do n't remember how that is possible . 
  it 's being abused and now it 's being abused hard because of the refugee crisis , you ca n't talk to some of the so called `` progressives '' anymore about these issues , you will get called racist , or xenophobic , or islamophobic ( `` oh come on , we know what groups you mean , who you 're attacking '' - styled responses ) . 
  below is a link to a year-old scandinavian debate on the refugee crisis , you can find jonas sjostedt of the left party of sweden speaking there as a great example of this abuse of political correctness . 
  basically criticizing some groups of immigrants for having homophobic or severe authoritarian views is already `` racist '' to some , because apparantely you ca n't group these people by religion ( islam ) . 
  even though these same groups would describe themselves as that almost always and without problem . 
  it 's either an overreaction ( doubtful ) , plain ignorance ( maybe for some progressive party supporters ) or simply pandering for support . 
   d\u00d6 what 's the full name in swedish , norwegian guy/gal ? 
  `` the d\u00d6 fell apart earlier this year '' edit : missed this , wow . 
  yes , verhofstadt is promoting the same scaremongering they have in the `` ring of autocrats '' , but as an example nobody forced brussels to start that bankrupt plan of relocating refugees by quotas that seems to have failed so miserably in the east now . 
  just more of the same bullshit that lead to brexit , had to know it was verhofstadt, 
  i know about his reputation on iraq , but what about the economy , or immigration ? 
  how did he handle those ? 
  no kidding , is it really that bad ? 
  russia had problems with its currency in the end of 2014 and then 2015 , the economy is till weakened , but the government is still standing . 
  turkish prime minister binali y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m will convene top economy officials to discuss the turkish lira 's weakness and other economic issues for the second time in five days on nov. 22 , sources in his office said , as pressure grew for the central bank to hike rates to support the currency . 
  you mean the good ol `` racists/xenophobes/idiots '' rhetoric we 've seen twice this year already ? 
  why vote for fillon then , and not juppe ? 
  is fillon to the left in comparison to juppe ? 
  right-center ?? 
  having a spine is not the same as ignoring criticism and obvious problems . 
  * mouth foaming *, 
  they should have all quit the next day after brexit . 
  the military coup was allegedly instigated by the g\u00fcllenists , which do n't seem that much different from erdogan from what i heard . 
  i assume you mean the m\u00e4nts\u00e4l\u00e4 rebellion , interesting , will have to read up on that https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%a4nts%c3%a4l%c3%a4_rebellion, 
  oh man , so many questions ... 1 ) why was finland an anocrasy ? 
  how was finland unstable ? 
  2 ) croatia was annexed by italy i guess ? 
  whose colony was croatia ? 
  same for macedonia . 
  3 ) spain can hardly be called a democracy in 1937 due to the civil wart and almost half the territory being under the nationalists . 
  it depends , it 's like 10 % max for me as well , it 's all very anecdotal , but since it 's apparently ok to use it , then one of my friends who actually wanted to study hard said she was almost alone in this abroad , because most party hard without the studying hard part . 
  i probably understand what you mean by `` room to expand '' , but most migrants want to be in the big cities , where all the big projects are , barely anyone wants to work in other places , that 's also one source of problems . 
  much more difficult to integrate or assimilate if you with your own people all the time in some big city . 
  because only a small portion of students use it . 
  not that i justify the reduction of funding , but no way is it as big and grand as you say it is . 
  i do n't dislike erasmus , but you are overblowing its significance by a mile - `` it brings the people of the eu closer together than almost anything else the eu could do '' . 
  firs of all assimilation is viewed as somewhat oppressive nowadays because multiculturalism and it is basically telling other people what values they should have etc. 
  that 's the mainstream opinion , i guess . 
  second , what are the penalties for refusing to assimilate?deportation ? 
  fine ? 
  reeducation camp ? 
  as long as there is no penalty at all for not assimilating it wo n't work at all . 
  you could say `` societal rejection '' as a penalty , when you ca n't get a job or no one will speak or have any sort of relationship with you if you do n't assimilate , but again - that 's kind of against the law , at least the `` get a job '' thing . 
  no kidding , now i see news that it has started . 
  wow . 
  i do n't get it , so someone could pay to have free movement for himself etc , but if others from the eu came to britian after brexit those rules would not apply to them ? 
  i repeat my point then , if no one can link me whether she supports the abolition of the electoral college , which could potentially have benefitted her as well : `` if it was her victory , with trump having the popular vote win , would her supporters be complaining about it ? 
  i highly doubt it . '', 
  be honest with yourself . 
  you are ignoring the problem that migrants , who do not support progressive values of the societies around them , are demographically more successful than the so called native population and are replacing it slowly but steadily . 
  and with that replacing progressive values with their own . 
  please be honest with yourself that you are naive enough to think that this will not change your country , because you like that migrants bring more people = taxpayers or workers or political support for parties you like . 
  i am still waiting for some left-wing movement , that will address the fact that not all migrants in western europe adopt progressive values and there more and more of them , so they have their own closed communities now where they live more by their rules . 
  that would be a good start . 
  `` when the gay movement adopted consumerism as its mantra with slogans like `` shop till you drop '' , which took the place of confrontations with bigotry and the police , it too became part of the liberal elite . '', 
  what ? 
  it 's a gay slogan ?? 
  it seems i do n't anything about this gay movement with these fancy slogans . 
  i thought the gay movement was a political movements about gay rights , etc. 
  what does shopping have to do with it ? 
  still do n't see the name clinton there among its supporters . 
  the electoral college is a bullshit system , but clinton was n't against it either , was she ? 
  so she ca n't really complain about it now and she does n't . 
  if it was her victory , with trump having the popular vote win , would her supporters be complaining about it ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  trump criticized it at least once , but he said a lot of things and switched many positions , and he did say that he knows a lof of systems ( not onlt the electoral college ) are rigged . 
  oh come on , i 've been reading about this for like forever , can the news sites just wait when they actually do it ? 
  according to wiki he 's not pm , he 's president and has been for like 4 years . 
  vucic is pm . 
  who 's the populist in romania ? 
  socialists ? 
  there were n't enough ballots even in moscow , which is overwhelmingly dodon territory . 
  it 's the government 's fuck up , which can hardly be called pro-russian . 
  it 's political suicide only and only if the voters do not support it . 
  right now they do n't seem to support it though . 
  but we still might see those who voted against article 50 later in parliament again . 
  it 's all up to the voters . 
  `` there was a vote and brexit won . '', 
  there 's still that thing that some radical remainers love to point out - that the referendum was non-binding , that it can be legally ignored . 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
  they are afraid of the unknown consequences of ignoring the result of a referendum , but at the same time the idea of staying in the eu still has some support . 
  that , or it 's just a negotiation tactic to stay in the single market . 
  from what i understand both tories and labour would love to cancel brexit , but no one wants to take the pr hit , so here 's jeremy kicking the ball to the tories . 
  while simultaneously his `` opposition '' like smith are probably going to vote against article 50 . 
  the frog army military jet . 
  hitler is still on the list !, 
  what 's an anime girl ? 
  like an imaginary or cartoon character ? 
  i do n't get it , i know almost nothing about anime . 
  the name of this image ? 
  yes , op , you are lithuanian , we believe you !, 
  if a 52/48 for leave is a result for a divided country , then a hypothetical 52/48 for a remain is also a divided country . 
  no reason whatsoever to keep the status quo by that logic then : this is the exact same type of argument when politicians and others suggest that brexit either should n't happen at all , or it should be a soft one . 
  from what i have heard and seen by now , i can safely suggest that the very same politicians would have just ignored the other 48 % ( or whatever % ) voting for leave if remain had won .
