  any examples of solutions that actually work ? 
  and preferrably not drain the budget too much of money . 
  i do n't see me saying anything about deportations , excuse me ? 
  that 's exactly what i 'm talking about : `` do n't interfere with the rights of others '' = `` are tolerant '' . 
  but some communities are n't , and the state barely does anything , because the communities are ghetto-like . 
  send nudes !, 
  ( please do n't ), 
  that 's only possible in a society where the most religious people are tolerant of others . 
  not possible in communities that believe their religion to be above everyone and every law and custom around them . 
  so basically he said that anti-gay marriage opposition was humiliated ? 
  that 's it ? 
  that 's pretty controversial , yeah . 
  if i understand it correctly , because i do n't get what he means by that remark . 
  i think what pushed the vote count over to the leave side was that people did n't believe the eu could reform . 
  and i am yet to see whether they are wrong and whether brexit and the rise of the anti-immigration parties was the only thing that pushed the eu into some direction of reforming itself ... 
  melenchon - probably a more socialist jill stein , but less greeny . 
  how can she win ? 
  fillon vs le pen second round and he nudges a victory with barely a few thousand votes ? 
  the only possible scenario that i see here it would be fillon = `` crooked hillary '' , where she is so unpopular that she loses even to trump/lep pen , not because the other one of better , but because she/he fails to attract her own base . 
  just like clinton did , underperforming heavily in places where obama was strong ... 
  sounds possible , yes , it 's because centrist candidates by nature try to attract votes from all sides at the same time , which can backfire , i do n't remember that rule , but basically if you like to please everyone - in the end you will please no one . 
  germany : failed pro-soviet november revolution of 1918 -  hitler 1933 spain : anarchist/communist/socialist government and municipalities in spain 1930s -  franco 's regime 1939 although both counties were pretty bad without the far left and the far right , a very fertile soil for both . 
  said it many times - it probably wo n't work that way , you wo n't get that 30 % or mayber even 25 % of support as it might seem in the beginning . 
  i assume they are not allowed to find work because this could be a huge loophole used to bring cheap labour . 
  he did n't say `` only '' , you 're saying that . 
  in a pure cyncial , political sense , is n't a le pen presidency better for him and his chances than anyone else ? 
  if she is the disaster that everyone is talking about , then the tide will swing his way , away from the far right , the right and to the left . 
  the only problem with melenchon that i see is that he is kind of a eurosceptic , anti-nato guy himself . 
  would like to hear some counter-arguments or alternative info on this one , even though i have no doubt that them rioting because it 's `` one of their own '' is at least possible , i 've seen this kind of altitude like `` our people ca n't do anything wrong '' too many times . 
  nah , looks nothing like him , but he looks almost exactly like naftali bennet from israel https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naftali_bennett, 
  something like that , maybe , we spend a lot of time in school these days , while the previous generations worked already . 
  i think it depends on the age though as well , if we are talking about raising from birth or very low age - sure but if they already had some upbringing ... this is what i always hear from my friends and relatives who do n't think about adoption - it would be immensely difficult to eradicate the negative influence that a child can possibly have from certain individuals . 
  from what i 've seen they have rural poverty and unemployment problems , the city can barely take all the inner immigrant there , that 's why they are worried about economic slowdown , that will surely affect the wellbeing of these new immigrants . 
  i doubt china can sustain more rural people if many migrate to the cities . 
  rent + real estate , if you ever plan to buy . 
  especially in big cities , where all the jobs are ... 
  but how are they wrong ? 
  and what is travelling in this context ? 
  does that mean having a steady job , freelance or not , in one country ? 
  i suspect your parents are probably right here , unless you have a ridiculously high salary . 
  was it really ? 
  europe barely has any wars these days . 
  wars . 
  and they did n't have the good opportunities to go to college or abroad that we have today . 
  so they usually had some sort of cap , a ceiling on how much they can earn . 
  yet they sitll made babies . 
  because that was the societal norm . 
  how was it a net zero before ? 
  if said neighbourhoods are filled with public housing , they can follow what singapore did , as an example . 
  you asked `` what can you do about it ? '', 
  - i answered . 
  whether it 's acceptable to denmark is a whole different question , but judging by the fact thatr they have such bills now - it 's not out of question anymore . 
  you can deny/reject it if you want , it does n't change reality unless you propose something better . 
  a neighbourhood , where people live according to the medival values on the territory of a country , which has laws against those same values is not integration , it 's a self-imposed ghetto . 
  would have been intersting to see how many people would approve migration from mea if it was clearly said by the government that they can retain their homophobic , mysogynistic , sometimes also anti-kurdish , anti-christian views and will be considered `` integrated '' and `` living good lives '' . 
  examples ? 
  non-muslim immigrant dominated neighborhoods ? 
  do n't know how `` there 's about 5million + ethnic danes '' is relevant here . 
  my point stands - how do you integrate a homophobic , mysogynyst muslim into a gay-friendly , gender equality society without changing either one of the other ? 
  polls suggest that most mea muslims have homophobic views , which are nowhere near as bad as the ones we have in europe as well in the east . 
  also - hit by structural racism , or simply barely anyone wants to hire them because they do n't have enough skills , language skills , behave inaapropriately at the workplace according to their `` religious views '' ? 
  how many non-muslin dominated neighbourhoods are there in denmark then ? 
  how do you integrate a homophobic , mysogynyst muslim into a gay-friendly , gender equality society without changing either one of the other ??? 
  especially since the former is also quite eager to practise his views in his workplace and his neighborhood . 
  you are spekaing of these neighbourhoods like they are isolated , have no problems with poverty or crime , and their problems do n't spill over into other neighbourhoods . 
  lots of things actually , check out singapore with their forced housing integration . 
  the bill exists , as said in the article : `` the bill was aimed to address concerns that the immigrant majority population of a copenhagen neighborhood has exerted undue influence over the community . '', 
  and that can be manipulated many ways , although it smells of singapore , but singapore has one of the lowest crime rates and barely any terrorism , if any at all . 
  but it has restrictive laws , or restrictive by european standards at least . 
  freedom of movement inside the borders of your country is a basic human right . 
  leaving your country is a human right . 
  but this does not include the right to emigrate to a country - that 's for the other country to decide whether it wants you there and for how long ( visas , etc ) . 
  nothing racist about it though . 
  a muslim immigrant who believes homisexuality is sin and women should `` behave '' is not modern danish . 
  this is not about ethnicity , not as much as mr otsergaard would like to convince ... somebody , other than his supporters . 
  i 'm actually a bit more optimistic about `` europe is going childless '' simply because the welfare state is mostly shrinking or is n't growing that much . 
  almost no mea immigrant one wants to come to the baltic states , our benefits are relatively low , our salaries not that good and our native languages are vastly different from the big ones like english or french . 
  and unless you 're very qualified to work in an international firm you are n't getting any good job here . 
  and if you are qualified , chances are we want an immigrant like that and they 're not the `` religious-babymaking '' type . 
  i ca n't speak for western europe that much though . 
  not sure what you mean by `` they 're not voting for others '' . 
  it 's pretty obvious that lots of people are n't happy with the result , just look at what anti-immigrant parties are leading or are strong in the polls in netherlands , sweden , denmark . 
  are you seriously going to argue that `` immigrant '' can not in any way mean `` muslim immigrant '' ? 
  good on them , keep this up , although i don\u00e4t know what effect it is having apart from that minister resignation they had and taking down the law they were prostesitng against . 
  at least for some time . 
  do n't trust them . 
  that 's the headline in the source as well . 
  and technically it 's not wrong either , maybe that 's not what the law says , but tif there are muslim-majority neighbourhoods then it 's going to affect them as well . 
  did n't say anything about anyone changing votes . 
  maybe , but they probably expected that 99.9 % of immigrants to integrate seamlessly because the western standard of living and values has more freedom and prosperity than the rest of the world . 
  yet now they see that a lot of the immigrants reject that view . 
  `` social liberals leader martin ostergaard posted on his facebook page about his objection to the declaration . 
  he wrote : `` how will we ever achieve good integration if it is stated in advance that your ethnic background prohibits you from being considered danish ? 
  this is n't just trivial hair-splitting , this is alarming ! '' but how are the muslim-majority areas going to ever integrate if they the danish are a minority in their area ? 
  aside from the fact that it\u00e4s the immigrants who should be making the effort . 
  my point stands that the links are a few days old , a quick look at france24 confirms that the situation has changed : french protests against police violence move to central paris http://www.france24.com/en/20170218-french-protests-against-police-violence-move-central-paris, 
  your links are either 2-3 + days old or downvoted/don ' t have much votes . 
  hence no front page for them . 
  `` athens will either default on its debt this summer and be forced to quit the eurozone , or berlin will accept debt relief just a few months before the elections . '', 
  really ?
