  about bahceli dying ... i 've read this fascinatingly pessimistic argument in one article about putin that applies here as well - `` if anyone is optimistic because of his old age i can only suggest looking up the birth year of the current president of zimbabwe '', 
  thank you , your kind words can fill a tiny tiny bit of the emptiness on this map , but there would still be like 45 000 empty kilometres left ... 
  say it loud and clear . 
  can the mhp and chp really form a coalition ? 
  without the hdp , which seems extremely unlikely . 
  the only party he can go into a coalition with , and in some ways is alligned already , is the mhp , an ultra-nationalist party . 
  i still ca n't see a non-erdogan coalition here where his position is vastly different than it is today already . 
  he almost lost majority , but other parties are so divided that it practically doesnt matter that he did . 
  this is brutal , oh , my heart ... 
  is there any good in article in english that explores what actual coalitions can we see after the election ? 
  preferrably not a biased one . 
  would be interesting to hear whether any political party would be willing to side with wilders on any condition , or whether some other unexpected scenario is possible . 
  we can help them without taking in refugees . 
  help them on their soil , or this problem wo n't go away . 
  `` more than 20 million people faced the threat of starvation and famine in yemen , somalia , south sudan and nigeria . '', 
  let 's see , countries with very high birth rate ... 
  were they forced to procreate so much that some ca n't feed their own now ? 
  i 'm all for helping the children there , but on one condition - drastic and if needed - forced - reduction of birth rate . 
  helping them without that is just irresponsible . 
  this is not the first time and it wo n't be the last and the people there are more than capable of changing their ways . 
  because it was a temporary and very soft solution for a few years . 
  and yet they are in government right now . 
  with the mayor parties . 
  so it is possible to fit into a government program . 
  just like it was possible to fit the left party with similar numbers before into the government . 
  you just have a bias against true finns , i wonder if you call the left party por the swedish one marginal . 
  municipal elections !, 
  in the state-wide elections they would have 9 % . 
  if that 's marginal then most finnish political parties are marginal . 
  marginal ? 
  it 's in the fecking government atm !, 
  `` the italian government wants to cozy up to trump '' really ? 
  to mr.brexit ? 
  he pressed spacebar , saluted the imaginary hitler , and then added the question mark . 
  i 'm only working with the limited information i have on him !, 
  you 're just ignoring my arguments and throwing in meaningless , ambigious statements like `` british electoral system '' . 
  not very good at debating are you ? 
  better at shouting slogans i guess . 
  a quick look at wikipedia showed that the pirates , the npd have never been in the bundestag . 
  the regional parliaments do n't count here , because we are talking about the dutch state parliament to begin with . 
  i think it 's not the root of the problem and not a good solution . 
  now germany has afd and it will be in parliament , and compared to others it will have some pretty radical representatives . 
  at least the dutch system gives some chances to the smaller parties , who are n't rich enough to spend vast sums on ads , big meetings , seminars etc. 
  that last line basically says everything about you  and , no , the 61 % still is still giving remain , the status quo , an advantage and thus an unfair requirement . 
  or , you know , maybe if the remain campaign would have said that `` we see that so many people are against the eu membership , so vote remain to stay and we will push for massive reform of the eu '' . 
  but no , all the said was `` it 's good for us and you 're ignorant if you think otherwise '' . 
  no analysis why people actually are against the eu and why they think - or it is - not in their interest . 
  the 60 % number is made up , i 've seen claims that it should have been a 65 % and 70 % for one sided for it to be `` legit '' . 
  but that 's not even the point . 
  you are willfully ignoring the argument that everybody knew that once it 's past 50 % - it 's over . 
  those were the rules of the game . 
  and it should be so , because any other variation is basically safeguarding the status-quo , which is bullshit . 
  in this particular case a 60 % threshold would have been an advantage only for remain and a disadvantage for leave . 
  but he did n't support him !, 
  that 's what all the commentators and even the headline says . 
  so basically , yeah , like bosnik said and what i wanted to write as well - it 's basically a support for macron , or some other candidate . 
  so basically a pointless press conference from him ? 
  what was the point then ? 
  here 's a scenario for you , smart ass : the 27.8 % come and add another 5 % advantage to the leave vote . 
  so what changes exactly ? 
  are you assuming that they would have tipped the vote in favor of remain ? 
  but they did lose , everybody knew that once one side gets over the 50 % it 's a win for them . 
  hell , the remain side was mocking the referendum , suggesting that the uk should just get it over with and that 's that , back to everyday life after that . 
  and why are the ones that did n't vote responsible exactly ? 
  they had only two choices , so say they did come to the polls , all of the 27.8 % , and voted exactly thre same as the rest who already did , what would change ? 
  nothing , absolutely nothing . 
  it seems you are basically arguing that the 27.8 should have given an overwhelming boost to one of the sides to avoid the discussion they 're having now . 
  wow , and the first comment i saw there uses the word `` fascist '' straight away . 
  if this video attarcts the same ignorant crows that lost the referendum then i know where this is going . 
  the same ignorant crowd that only shouts in a debate , or does n't want a dialogue , but a monologue , at the end of which supposedly everyone must agree with them , or else they 're fascist . 
  i 'm all up for action , what do you propose ? 
  most of the things where the common citizen decides to solve the problem instead of the politician will severely endanger your own career or even live for little gain . 
  i have proposed in the comment section ( yeah , i know , real brave ) that people not be polite , not help , create barriers for these persons or just ignore those that are openly intollerant and do not make an effort to seek different opinions . 
  but that 's actually what some people do already . 
  but then comes the difficult part , where it is actually profitable for some to help the intolerant . 
  those include politicians , some humanitarian organizations , or at least some parts of those , etc. 
  there are no easy answers here , if you 're not the far-right/nazi sort . 
  if you 're a german taxpayer who does n't think it 's a good investment for him or her - sure . 
  and then the `` realist '' might cut social programs and taxes for the rich . 
  and that 's all . 
  i 'm guessing the realist here would potentially be `` new democracy '' . 
  but they are an old party , were ' t they part of the problem in the past ? 
  the `` union of centrists '' sounds like something relatively new , nigh impossible they well receive enough votes though . 
  then again this `` the right not to tolerate the intolerant `` can be shaped to counter legit criticism as well , it really depends on your definition of tolerance and intolerance . 
  so while he is right , this piece is karl popper 's advice for the truly tolerant ones not to accept those who refuse rational discussion . 
  as for his `` we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal '' i have too many doubts to see this as good advice that would solve the problem . 
  if we 're going the freedom road then we 'd better be ready for something like a yanukovich situation , who was elected fairly , at least that 's what the observers said . 
  these are very complicated problems , with no one simple answer it seems though ... 
  it would be extremely difficult to explain why electing authoritarian or corrupt leaders kills competition and opportunities to pensioners or people who do n't have much to lose and do n't care about competition . 
  just like explaining how freedom of movememnt is good for someone in the uk who does n't have the money to travel or is n't willing to for whatever reason . 
  or maybe restrict double passports to other eu countries . 
  we had that suggestion in estonia by one major politician a while ago . 
  i doubt this very much , i 'm also doubtful about the ban , but we have a similar case with those who support putin , they view everything associated with him as positive . 
  main russian tv channel not allowed in lithuania ? 
  - they are afraid of putin , because he is right !, 
  main russian tv channel allowed to broadcast in estonia ? 
  - good , lots of estonians are probably watching it , because they know where the truth lies . 
  you are trying to apply rational thinking to people who probably think in a tribalistic matter . 
  i hope i 'm wrong , but i 've seen too many examples . 
  no problem , but i bet you 're not lost , just suggesting that there is no definition , hence it should n't be used ( if we ca n't define it ) .
