scotland very much disagrees with this . 
  are we going to have to make some kind of r/europecirclejerk, 
   indian ( for lack of better term ) the term used for most of the area you described is south asian . 
  i would be interested to know your age since there seems to be a kind of age divide on whether people say persian and oriental or strictly stick to iranian and east asian, 
  it does not always mean converting . 
  that 's usually a marriage specific thing is it not ? 
  gossip of the parish does n't mean disapproval though . 
  it 's just something unusual to talk about . 
   it is no different than learning any other language . 
  that is a barrier enough for most people . 
  unless you have other reasons , learning a whole language just on the chance of employment is not worth it . 
  that welsh/english border is offensively inaccurate . 
  do people in the uk not refrigerate eggs ? 
  because i do . 
  i did n't take part in this survey but i 'm on the fence about it . 
  if nothing goes particularly wrong , leave voters will be vindicated that they did the right thing , but a large proportion of them ( not all of them ) did it for the wrong reasons ( xenophobia mostly ) . 
  however the damage that brexit is going to cause financially most likely is going to affect the people who are already worst off , and they do n't deserve that no matter which way they voted . 
  speaking from the point of view of someone in wales , which voted to leave , we are going to be very negatively affected by the sudden withdrawal of eu funding and eu people who have helped our country very significantly for a long time . 
  the question among welsh remain voters is the same question welsh nationalists have been asking for 100 + years . 
  `` how bad does it have to get before people start caring ? '', 
  i will let you know when that happens because we 're not there yet . 
  can you explain what yorkshire day is ? 
  i 've never heard of it . 
  happy g\u0175yl awst to you from across the border . 
  how would you say the coalition thing makes things better/worse . 
  in the uk the last time we had a coalition government it was basically one party trying to hinder the decisions of the other ( for better or worse depending on your viewpoints ) if you always have coalitions does that mean things are very slow to change , or do the parties actually agree on things ? 
  according to a quick read of wiki it seems that gaelic has been spoken in parts of scotland since the 5th century . 
  that 's a few hundred years before english and then scots were even in existence , so i would love to know what you count as being a native language . 
  roadsigns should only be in pictish ? 
  lol now * that * would be an invasive promotion of a dead language . 
  i do n't think that a europe forum is the best place to be angry at minority languages trying to survive in their own country . 
  especially through something as menial and un-intrusive as bilingual roadsigns . 
  many of us are speakers of minority languages and it makes a difference to be able to live in your own language in your own country . 
  besides , scottish gaelic is not a dead language , although if attitudes like yours prevail , you will kill it . 
  and i do n't see the point of using taxpayers money to kill a native living language . 
  is that such a crime ? 
  i 'm so sorry that life is hard for you under this brutal regime . 
  it 's so sad that they have taken away your english road signs and . . oh wait everything is still in english . 
  well anyway it 's still barbaric that they are impossing a foreign language like scottish gaelic onto scots , you should stick with fine , locally made engli . . oh wait . 
  your comment cancels itself out . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  i appreciate you putting the two most seen forms for welsh . 
  y gymraeg just means * the * welsh which people say often , and it 's a fine example of how mutation works . 
  ~ ~ how am i doing at selling it ? ~ ~, 
  oh yeah i can not speak for how this looks to people with colourblindness . 
  i assumed the mapmaker had made it easy for themselves to see and worried it was n't for other people , but since they did n't specify which colorblindness they even have , i should n't have assumed . 
  you got the colours perfect . 
  i always look straight to the key to see if the choice of colours makes sense and this time it 's great . 
  you have a natural smooth gradient that also changes enough between colours that you can easily see a difference . 
  add i think you picked good colours with red being low and green being high . 
  like this comment if you 're a gay or an animal, 
  the uk not prioritising human rights over border control ? 
  true . 
  if montenegrin was registered first would they reject serbian because it 's just a variant ? 
  i doubt it . 
  it 's no secret that the divide between languages in that part of the world is political as much as linguistic but you know , what is the big deal in recognising that have their own language ? 
  9 years they 've been trying ? 
  clearly it is important to them . 
  do n't get me wrong they are always nice . 
  there 's always `` did you enjoy your meal ? '', 
  `` have a nice day '' and all of that stuff . 
  i 've just never heard `` thank you '' when leaving . 
  how do you respond ? 
  that 's fair . 
   when we left the restaurants , not even once did i hear `` thank you '' or `` bye bye '' from the staff . 
  where i live the customer says thank you for the service , why would waiting staff thank you ? 
  that is kind of crazy to me . 
  i can travel half way around the world and buy my favourite cake and drink tea like i have not even left my town . 
  yes we are proud of the largest number of welsh speakers outside of europe . 
  i hear that they continue the traditional tea rooms . 
  we have very few left here so i hope to visit one day . 
  what language is this ? 
  it 's beautiful . 
  italy is looking like [ this ] ( https://www.polyvore.com/cgi/img-thing?.out=jpg&amp;size=l&amp;tid=112694698 ), 
  oh thanks i ca n't tell since i got serious replies saying basically the same thing . 
  * note to self : work on understanding jokes online *, 
  is only a joke but neo-pagans are still pagans . 
  i did n't say it ca n't be failed , but the fact that you think it is failed because it does exactly what it set out to do seems completely contradictory . 
  yes there are many ways to stylise something , but that would be a different thing . 
  it 's like going into a gallery of black and white photographs and complaining that they would be better if they were in colour . 
  pagans do n't exist ? 
  help i am fading into ^ nothing ^ ^ tell ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ moon ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ her, 
  neither did pagans to be fair . 
   low effort ugly modernization it 's done in the style of a japanese prefecture flag . 
  you ca n't call something low effort and ugly when it really accurately copies another style , unless you are calling all the japanese flags low effort and ugly . 
  op can reuse it when he inevitably does all the celtic nations ( except for ireland which he already did ), 
   which continental model do you use in your schools ? 
  7 continents , europe , asia , africa , north america , south america , antarctica and australia . 
  but i think everyone is ok with the idea of one american continent . 
   how do you see americans nowadays ? 
  the citizens ( especially the ones who travel here ) very good . 
  the politics bad and scary . 
   what folkloric songs do you recommend of your countries ? 
  they are all good ones that i think of now but everyone will have a different list for you . 
   what is the most controversial thing that you know about argentina ? 
  in school we learned a small amount about the argentinian government 's treatment of the native people , but it was no worse than many other countries . 
   what is your opinion about separatist movements in some european countries ? 
  i have a biased opinion since i am one of the seperatists , but most people here are quite supportive of people who know what they want for their country . 
  there was a strong movement here of support for scottish independence . 
   what is your position with the problem of greece-republic of macedonia ?
