do one for the whole conversation please . 
  a sort of dual citizenship type deal ? 
  could work . 
  yes you have that right as a sovereign state , however we also have the right ( and duty ) to make a stand for our fellow eu citizens , regardless if the us government likes it or not . 
  it is not just that the western members states get preferred treatment over our equals in the eastern states . 
  fuck no , conscripts weaken the overall ability of the armed forces , they do n't want to be there , they do not have what it takes , they lack motivation . 
  not to mention conscription is just morally wrong . 
  if you want to sign up for whatever reason you have , good on you mate , but do n't force your fellow citizen to fight if he/she chooses not to . 
  i suppose in israel 's case it 's different . 
  there 's a strong cultural connection to the idf , given israels history , the small matter of fighting off enemy armies surrounding your new , small , brand new nation with a small population . 
  my guess is that this feeling gets pass down the generations . 
  a sense of higher duty and purpose . 
  what do i know , maybe an israeli can set us right ? 
   donttreadonmemaga somehow i reckon your thoughts on european matters are biased at best . 
   the way for the eu to accomplish their goal would be to get rid of national passports and create an eu wide passport easier said than done . 
  so we should just abandon our european brothers and sisters ? 
  either treat all europeans citizens the same or not at all . 
  fuck all that mate . 
  europe is built on solidarity . 
  you sir , are a cunt . 
  i get it a lot , `` oh you 're english ? 
  you do n't look it , you look very exotic ! '', 
  lol what does a brit look like ? 
  i have tanned skin and black hair , by your logic i 'm not a brit ? 
  / u/verylateish, 
  i ca n't defend people sending people insults and threats in pm 's , that is just cowardly and sad and if true said redditor should send screenshots to the mods . 
  but this guy is defending an isis fighter , a traitor and enemy , who once she realises she is going to be punished for her actions , wants to go home to mommy and daddy . 
  no , she has to face the iraqi people and face what she has done . 
  just because she once was a european citizen and is a minor does not excuse her actions nor should afford her protections . 
  she lost those rights when she took up a cause that would see us , and iraqi people , to be enslaved and slaughter like sheep for not praising her god . 
  / r/europe is acting on emotion , isis has caused a lot of pain for europeans , now one of our own has been captured , many want to see justice done . 
  how about we reserve our empathy for the victims of isis , and not for their fighters ? 
  terrorist apologism is disgusting . 
  you seem very agitated by this post , may i suggest closing the tab and logging off reddit for a bit , do you some good . 
  we all make mistakes at 16 , but what she did , has done , goes beyond a mistake . 
  she should be tried and sentenced in iraq , not afford the protections of being european and female , the iraqi people deserve justice . 
  let her be an example to other european traitors who fight for isis . 
  ... who the bloody hell are you ? 
  nah , let her rot in an iraqi jail as an example to all europeans who fight for isis . 
  the root of all evil . 
  lived in the north-eastern province of catalunya for quite some time , beautiful part of the country , people there are very passionate about their independence . 
  do n't you think that had more to do with their political ideology rather than atheism ? 
  i do n't get it , say this conspiracy is true , just for a moment , what exactly is in it for soros ? 
  i assume you are referring to the regimes in eastern europe and asia ( and other parts ) ? 
  why do you think atheism is responsible for that ? 
  abandon thread . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  you mad bloodthirsty fool . 
  * one-handed raised to 98 *, 
  iirc there is a way to filter specific words in titles of posts , thus removing said post from your browsing experience . 
  '' * they will never see it coming !, 
  '' * they will never see it coming !, 
  ah feel that ? 
  that 's the boot of / u/marktplatz on our necks !, 
   a reee, 
  no kidding , it got to the point where people made / r/casualuk to escape the doom and gloom . 
  god save the queen !, 
  you made your points and made them well , and to be fair , it 's in your second language ? 
  these fine chaps said it better than i could : `` that was a dutch battalion under the command of the united nations , not europe . 
  the united nations refused to give air support after the dutch asked for it . 
  the 400 dutch , were cut off for a while and without support from the outside world . 
  the attackers 1,500-strong and better armoured and provisioned corps . '', 
  - / u/koproller `` would 've just been a bigger bodycount . 
  unlike say the danish unprofor contingent the dutch were n't adequately equipped . 
  no anti-tank weapons we 're provided and once the airstrikes halted . 
  it would 've been a massacre anyway . 
  which in the netherlands would 've resulted instead in political turmoil , the government would 've fallen/resigned immediately with a political crisis for at least the next 10 years and a military trauma twice the size we had from the 90 's till 2007 ( when the sizeable dutch deployment in uruzgan took place . ), 
  the general populace would 've screamed for blood at the loss of 450 sons and dads . 
  and what kind of position does that put the bosnian serbs in ? 
  with 450 un dead wounded or prisoners of war in their custody ? 
  politically speaking i mean ? 
  i 've tried to explain many time that at the point the serbs breached the enclave , kolonel karremans job was to keep his contingent alive . 
  he was promised no support and was so severely restricted by his rules of engagement and his tactical situation by having no heavy weapons . 
  other then sacrifice their own lives . 
  for a people that they did n't know and some could say very harshly up until that point had n't cared about . 
  ( hell the only dutch casualty is actually do to a frustrated bosnian farmer and his handgrenade . ), 
  fact of the matter is we can all dream about military splendour and what could have been but , the enclave should 've never been created and these bosnian people should 've been evacuated while the corridor to tuzla was still open . 
  just look at google maps , the town lays in a valley that allows an enemy to fire down on you from pretty much every side . 
  now imagen the nearest relief forces being tens of kilometres away and equipped exactly the same way as you are . 
  some certain french general should 've never famously proclaimed : `` you are now under un protection . '', 
  this conflict , like rwanda is rife with international mistakes be they made in screbrenica , sarajevo for example had ongoing shellings and murder on a daily basis between the two sides and civilians in the middle . 
  pretty much every un involved nation had troops their at one point and did nothing to stop those massacre 's neither . 
  other enclaves with un troops in them were overrun too like zepa under protection of ukrainian forces for example . 
  they should 've never been created and instead nato should 've deployed far sooner then they did . 
  international inaction is what got these people killed in the end . '', 
  this is , which out any doubt , the most viciously ignorant comment about srebrenica i have seen on this thread . 
  you strike me as a fool whose watched too many war movies . 
  what 's this safe zone you are talking about ? 
  srebrenica was anything but , the dutch were outnumbered , outgunned and without support , tasked with defending 8000 people against the serbs . 
  the dutch forces retreated instead of fighting to the death therefore fuck the eu = logic ? 
   ethopia lol ... not even a real country . 
  should have stopped reading right there . 
  first of all , fascism started at least 4 different wars , the italian invasion of ethiopia and the argentinian invasion of the falklands to name a two , but that is neither here nor there . 
  secondly , if your idea of evaluating which ideology you wished we lived under is based on how many wars did the ideology start i have no hope for you . 
  thirdly what is your point exactly ? 
  that because some democracies started wars the whole ideology is garbage ? 
  do you not like having the right the speech , movement , property and religion etc etc ? 
  i 'm done here anyway , i 'm more and more convinced you 're a troll . 
  that is so ridiculous , simply mindbogglingly ridiculous i ca n't quite believe you managed to type that out . 
  [ pls stop ] ( https://i.redd.it/uuedh68kl68z.png ),
