obama `` wanted '' some policies that trump is currently championing , but he was shit at achieving them . 
   you really should go through your prisons and look for other criminals you could strip of their citizenship and then kick them out of your country . 
  because people who chop heads off and fight against your country are , you know , just `` other criminals '' . 
   after all that 's such a wise move . 
  you never bothered to explain why you believe it 's a * bad * move and i 'm starting to doubt you are capable of offering any explanation worth discussing . 
   i really have to wonder why people like you have so little faith in our justice system and the principles behind it nice try captain strawman . 
   try everything to make it more like other shit holes on this planet . 
  on the contrary . 
  without those people we are slightly further away from becoming a shithole . 
  our country is better and safer without them here . 
   yes . 
  let the justice system deal with them as with every single other criminal . 
  that 's why we have it in the first place . 
  we 've already dealt with them . 
  they are no longer allowed here . 
  it 's a big win for the communities of this country and now our inmates have slightly higher chances of not becoming extremists themselves . 
   i 'm sorry but simply turning them around and let another country deal with it is just pathetic and cowardly . 
  you know what is pathetic and cowardly ? 
  failing to acknowledge who these people are and the purpose of their trip . 
  they went there to viciously murder ( among others ) british citizens and to fight against our nation and against everything we stand for . 
  pathetic and cowardly is also putting their worthless lives among the lives of people who live here in peace . 
  it is in our interest for them to never set foot on this island . 
  pathetic and cowardly is to think of other nations before your own . 
  that is pathetic and cowardly . 
  they are free to go claim asylum in sweden or germany , where they are more valued . 
  so your solution is to let them in ? 
  people you know are a danger to others , both on the streets and in prison ? 
   my proposal is that we apply the law to our own citizens . 
  we are . 
  we can deprive someone of their british nationality , especially when they voluntarily leave this country to fight against us . 
   where we may disagree is that i believe that the state has a responsibility to all its citizens , good or bad . 
  no we do n't disagree . 
  the state is using its powers to keep this nation safe . 
  we are stripping individuals of their british nationality and of their right to ever return to the country they decided to fight against ( in very brutal ways ) . 
   this does absolutely nothing to deal with the problem of people going to fight with is was it supposed to solve all our problems with extremism ? 
  no , but you 're still wrong anyway . 
  it does deal with the problem of people going to fight with isis : those people can no longer brainwash our children , our neighbors , or other inmates . 
  edit : wording . 
  is czechia responsible for all czechs who commit crimes abroad ? 
  they are adults ( many of them , at least ) . 
  they can make their own choices . 
  this country can decide to use all legal paths to make sure violent people wo n't ever set foot here again . 
  even though english may not be your first language , i do n't think the above conversation is that challenging . 
  as i said , this approach does solve something . 
  this country is free to use its own laws to protect its land and its citizens . 
  those people are no longer brits , have no place in this nation and our communities do not regret their absence . 
  because ~ 150 people who are prepared to decapitate others , rape women and , in general , kill in cold blood are off our streets and are no longer able to brainwash others in our prisons . 
  what exactly are you having trouble comprehending ? 
   this does n't actually solve anything yes it does . 
  it makes our streets a bit safer . 
  even our prisons . 
   because ministers can not take away citizenship if it would leave a suspect stateless that is false . 
  the secretary of state can leave a suspect stateless if he/she thinks it 's highly likely the suspect will be able to get the citizenship of another country . 
  some nations are far superior to others - hence why the net migration only goes in one direction . 
  it 's hardly a disputed thing . 
  especially western nations , some more so than others . 
  no problem in being proud of that and trying to preserve it . 
  personally i 'm not calling you hypocrite . 
  go free yourself from the shackles of race obsession and the world will be a better , fairer place for everyone . 
   i am talking about charisma . 
  that person has none . 
  yes he does have charisma , but again we 're subjective . 
  and you probably did n't watch more than 10 seconds of him speaking anyway , not even his best speeches . 
   [ ... ] when you 're comparing two politicians , one being white and one being black ? 
  that you have an obsession with race . 
  seriously i did n't even think of black or white presidents . 
  i thought it was obvious from the context that tribe = team / position / opinion . 
   what i know is that trumb has zero charisma . 
  well that 's subjective anyway . 
  he had enough charisma to be elected in what was the most uphill battle probably in the history of politics . 
   not race . 
  gods damned why do people have to go there with everything ? 
  seriously , sometimes i have the impression these people are more obsessed with race than the kkk has ever been . 
   i mean , really . 
  can you watch something like this  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qxbjkfyk68  and not cringe ? 
  maybe not , but many/most of his supporters do n't care . 
  maybe you have already given the verdict that those people are evil far right raycis xenophobes , or maybe you 'll try to understand what actually makes him have so much power and influence over his supporters . 
  i do n't think he was talking only about terrorists though . 
  i think he was mostly referring to the migrant crisis . 
   and among hundreds of violent people there are surely quite some who would wield them . 
  typically you think twice before attacking a person that you know can shoot you between your eyes . 
   there 's nothing leftist about them what ? 
  retarded or not , antifa identifies with the far left / communism . 
  when was the last time ira bombed paris or murdered innocents in berlin or stockholm ? 
  because you can still sleep in your garage or at your parents . 
  and fortunately the house has n't burnt down in the end . 
  i will grant you that you are much better at parroting shallow rhetoric than i am . 
  `` love trumps hate '' , `` build bridges , not walls '' , `` something something racism , discrimination , something-phobia '' . 
  never mind mate , keep a low profile over there , after all trump hates immigrants and fascists have been roaming the streets since november . 
  so a few reports , of which even fewer are proven , equal a wave of open hatred and discrimination and racism . 
  you should find a job in the media . 
  i recommend the guardian . 
  for the past few years , tens or hundreds of your countrymen and women were massacred in cold blood every year , by an ideology imported and still kept alive in france , and that has no place in the civilised world , and yet the french * still * do not react the way you describe . 
  you are hallucinating . 
  edit : by the way , make sure americans do not find out you are an immigrant , because otherwise you will need to run for your life or you at the very least you risk being deported . 
  after all , that 's what happens in trump 's america , according to the left . 
   the racists who will feel it 's okay to start discriminating openly . 
  how the hell do you people reach these conclusions ? 
  actually , do n't worry , i 'm not asking you , because i am convinced you did n't even think for a single second about it . 
  you did not spend a single bloody second thinking what you actually wrote , did you ?
