give it a couple month when the referendum is closer , you 'll have mayor companies threatening and scare mongering the public again like they usually do . 
  how can you tell if a child has been radicalized ? 
  i feel like if someone was radicalizing children , they would not make it that obvious . 
  good . 
  not a bad idea at all . 
  finally , a cure for redditors !, 
  there is n't enough childish comments yet , so ... 
  the only reason you can tell is because they do n't shut up . 
  i ca n't imagine what it 's like for his friends who had to leave his corpse face down in the sand , must have been horrible . 
  except that change.org has done nothing for the uk . 
  the government just ignores it . 
  americans . . 
  stating the obvious . 
  porn is not blocked . 
  because they 're not welcome . 
  ` people migrating to the uk will have better opportunities for their lives ' how does this benefit me at all ? 
  oh , you 're one of those retards . 
  because it works . 
  `` it was the russians ! 111 !!! 111 !! '', 
  first thing i do when i read comments is go straight to the downvoted ones , boy it 's fun . 
  they can threaten all they want , we all known they 're not ditching anything . 
  i do n't see how you being a ` combat veteran ' has any relevance to your falsified statement . 
  because people have different tastes in humour/streamers . 
  who cares who dislikes or likes him , it 's not hurting you or anyone else . 
  i thought this was some sort of missile until i remembered the plant . 
  or you could go outside . 
  i 'd rather have it in the uk than in syria right about now ... 
  what is the point in this ? 
  ( not the map , having that many personnel in so many countries ) . 
  middle of a war and he is still more attractive and well-kept than me . 
  from a quick google search , oxford . 
  yes . 
  because arming people has gone so well in the past . 
  hopefully . 
  they armed osama bin laden against the soviets and then came along al quaida . 
  there is a difference between giving weapons to citizens and an already established countries military . 
  marry woman , get into britain , divorce woman . 
  when my grandmother died , i have a memory of walking into her old empty room , sitting on the bed and accidentally falling asleep , when i woke up i could have sworn i seen a black figure sat on the end of the bed . 
  when i got up though nothing was there . 
  the next week when i went to my now grandfathers house i thought i heard her voice coming from the kitchen , once again nothing was there . 
  i do n't know if my mind was playing tricks on me or it was just because i was tired . 
  you 're grounded . 
  no more playing with that saudi friend of yours . 
  or just homophobic , not all right wing supporters are homophobic . 
  really , not the radical left also ? 
  i did n't realize how loud it would be slamming into the floor . 
  you poor oppressed thing . 
  jesus , reading some of these comments make you think the uk is god damn north korea . 
  and still they talk about this on the radio , it is beyond annoying . 
  not classed as marriage . 
  it 's a flake . 
  i 've found the spy . 
  i hope it does . 
  hopefully that fucking idiot of a ceo currently sitting in the big throne of reddit will be gone too . 
  yep , i remember all those people hitler killed with his own hands . 
  no it has n't . 
  were slaves all black ? 
  there was white , asian , arab , black slaves . 
  i 'd hardly define it as a step forward in abolishing racism . 
  not me because not only is a firearm license extremely hard to get it is also expensive as shit . 
  nope . 
  yeah man , lets just tell more people to go to tunisia that might be killed via another terrorist attack , why do n't you go to tunisia and risk your own life instead of telling other people to . 
  ah yes , blame the populace for what the government does . 
  stupid fucking earth-dweller . 
  what 's russia gon na do ? 
  point and say `` bad '' ? 
  i have absolutely no idea , but the uk is first so i 'm happy . 
  ( i think ) . 
  that my sister was n't my sister . 
  when people ask you `` are you sure '' . 
  sleep , stay in bed until i get a boner , jerk off and then go eat . 
  when i was little i killed all of my mums fish . 
  not something i need to get off my chest because she knows . 
  but i still do n't know/understand why i did it . 
  in a way , i believe that a species like bigfoot could have existed . 
  but i do n't think there is anything like that alive today . 
  none , because i have nothing to hide to justify such security . 
  i had bowel problems when i was younger , and i had n't taken a shit in a month and a half , yeah . 
  the doctor had to come and jab me with pain relief while i was screaming on the toilet . 
  due to that i can only shit maybe once or twice a week . 
  * edit : i was in the hospital when i passed the monster . 
  i pushed that hard i pulled a muscle in my thigh . 
  i tried to piss in a bottle , missed and pissed all over my keyboard . 
  that my country is better than all of the other european nations . 
  coke \u1d43 \u1d9c\u1d52\u1dab\u1d43, 
  1 ) getting a girlfriend . 
  2 ) admitting i have mental problems , and finding help to fix them . 
  3 ) taking education seriously , i stopped fucking around when i started college . 
  i 'm not stupid enough to download malware . 
  someone wants to steal my identity ? 
  have fun being an 18 year old college student . 
  when you chat shit and have no idea about what you 're talking about . 
  my cat puked and he cleaned it up while i was upstairs . 
  industrial development . 
  i do n't have friends . 
  anyone that i bond with is only to help me get through something , once i graduated my first course at college i did n't speak to anyone of them again . 
  i do n't care . 
  when i was in highschool , there was a pretty terrible maths teacher who did n't care . 
  so when i wanted to slack off i just went and sat in there with my friends because he never took the register . 
  hp sauce , because you never know when a bacon sandwich might occur .
