  i do n't really care either , like . . it 's a flag . 
  1 ) get a good paying job, 
  2 ) do n't get sent to prison ( because i need internet man ) . 
  3 ) own an awesome car, 
  i first stopped when i was around 12-13 . 
  then my grandmother passed away when i was around 15 and i got the three teddy bears that where in my room when i stayed at their house . 
  i had them in my bed up until i was 17 . 
  most of my friends are online . 
  generally because i always work my way into the wrong crowds somehow in real life . 
  looking out a window at night and see someone looking back in . 
  so idiots ? 
  all of the most upvoted comments are saying this is a good thing . 
  i want phone charges in lamp posts if we can get this . 
  the struggle of going out , grabbing your phone and having 4 % charge . 
  i 'm not giving you tips . 
  poor me , should i hate myself because i was born in a first world country and want things ? 
  the anus is magic . 
  i was [ here ] ( http://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/news/liverpool-said-no-neo-nazi-9866502 ) . 
  i did n't even know it was happening . 
  i live about 20 minutes away from liverpool and whenever i need clothes i go there . 
  the main reason i joined in was because i was trapped in the middle of about a 200 man crowd and there really was n't anywhere to move . 
  in summary : socialist supporters and just general anti-nazi/racist supporters made neo-nazis cancel their march . 
  it was amazing to see a community band together to prevent such an idiotic march . 
  carbonated drinks . 
  in the grand scheme it is pretty harmless . 
  i just landed in turkey , women in front of me had a little boy . 
  mother let go of his hand while she handed the guy her passport . 
  kid ran straight through the gates and passed security , two security guys ran after the child . 
  was pretty funny at the time . 
  multiculturalism is only good when it 's with countries like your own . 
  i am from the uk , i am fine with any other european culture mixing with mine . 
  i am not however okay with iranian/pakistani cultures mixing with mine , because they do n't work . 
  i had a bag of crisps . 
  [ galaxy ripple ] ( https://eatingwdw.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/galaxy-ripple-cross.jpg ) this baby never stops being amazing . 
  every child i encounter . 
  ranch . 
  americans will scream to the heavens about how good this stuff is , tried it . 
  not impressed with it at all . 
  why are so many americans so anti-socialism ? 
  hey babe , are you jesus ? 
  because i want you on my wood . 
  ( i have no idea , i literally just thought it up on the spot after reading the other comments ) . 
  a lot has changed since then , bud . 
  norway , finland , sweden , the rest of europe ? 
  ( sort of ) . 
  care to expand ? 
  guys . 
  one word answers are n't explaining it that well . 
  i mean , if you 're going to troll , at least be creative . 
   venezuela, 
  that was [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hugo_ch%c3%a1vez ) nutjobs fault . 
  not socialism itself . 
  they 're social democratic countries . 
  did you travel forward in time from the 1970 's ? 
  so you 're just a selfish cunt who does n't care about anyone but himself , that 's basically what you 're saying . 
  europe has a population of over 700 million . 
  i earn my money , and i am 110 % more than willing to give a sum of that to the government so that me , my family and anyone who needs help can get it . 
  are you going through a rough patch , ca n't get a job ? 
  the country can give you enough to get by . 
  are you injured ? 
  do n't worry . 
  it 's all free . 
  socialism is n't communism . 
  granting a citizenship to anyone who pops a human out of their vagina in your lands is somehow progressive ? 
  what if the parents deliberately went to the us for the purpose of getting their child a citizenship ? 
  seems like exploiting a weak system to me . 
  you ca n't even see shit . 
  why is this nsfl . 
  france is a different shade of blue compared to portugal and the rest of europe . 
  i 'm so confused as to which bracket they 're in . 
  i 'm assuming the  97 % one . 
  ah , china . 
  i 've now decided to like you !, 
  * sips tea *, 
  do i hate the country ? 
  do i hate the people ? 
  do i hate the man who is poisoning the country by having people believe the world hates them , aka : putin ? 
  yes . 
  that shit would get boring so fast . 
  vr as in the headset . 
  that 's like asking why you 're sick of diarrhea . 
  this is why europeans want immigration to fuck off , people who do n't think it 's a problem . 
  `` people leaving balalala balalala '' news flash , i do n't give a fuck . 
  us and uk troops stop an attack in france . 
  we 're gon na be having chinese police arresting people in iceland next . 
  i mean , if i was trapped in an enclosed location with a tiger , i would want a quick death . 
  here is my neck tiger . 
  bite here . 
  i 've never been , but i could imagine it 's a mix between auschwitz and the annual autism meet and greet . 
  toilets . 
  does n't bother me at all . 
  stealing credit from germany , i see . 
  why would i want or buy american beer ? 
  europe would be a whole lot-less angry . 
  in comparison to what ? 
  other american beers ? 
  you can cook whenever the fuck you want . 
  fuck bitches get money . 
  that i 'm talking to you right now , and i will most likely never meet you face to face within the next 100 years . 
  everyone is a prick , including myself .
