  plus they all get to participate in the commonwealth games . 
  knowing what country you are in would be helpful . 
  plus i live in the uk , so no guns . 
  i 've seen worse . 
  okay , say i was a kidnapper . 
  i threaten to kill my captives if you do not pay me for their release . 
  you pay me . 
  me : `` oh shit , these guys are idiots '', 
   proceeds to kidnap more people . 
  it 's isis . 
  people are going to die anyway . 
  again , still does n't bother me . 
  i have 100 % seen worse on this subreddit . 
  maybe if the quality was a big better i would be more bothered by it . 
  i agree . 
  i avoid animal videos 100 % . 
  i can not stand animal abusers and dumb shit countries that think it 's okay because it 's cultural . 
  do n't come in my room , when i find all the creepy monsters under your bed i put them in my room , stay out . 
  socialism is pretty successful in scandinavia . 
  socialism with a capitalist market can and will work . 
  / r/worldnews - muslims and gypsies are okay . 
  public speaking and meeting people for the first time . 
  hitler - i would like to see what his opinion is knowing that the nazi regime failed , and i would like to hear his opinion on current day europe . 
  the queen of england - because it 's the queen !, 
  the guy who invented oreos so i could kiss him . 
  when i was 15 , i had a lung/chest infection ( ca n't remember which one it was ) my mum booked me an appointment at the doctors to go see if it was . 
  once my name got called she waited in the waiting area and i went into one of the doctors room , what i did n't realize is that my doctor would be a early/mid 20 year old smoking hot woman . 
  so i 'm stood there with my shirt off and a woman grabbing my lower back and chest etc , boner insured , i 've never put so much work into hiding a boner in my life . 
  not giving a fuck and not even coming in for days/weeks . 
  with a knife . 
  because they do . 
  fantasypants, 
  none , if i was the prime minister these would be my requirements to be allowed to enter my country :, 
  1 ) understanding of basic english or higher . 
  2 ) no religious fanatics who will attack/threaten jews or homosexuals . 
  3 ) if you do n't have a job within the first 6 months you will be deported . 
  4 ) highschool education or higher . 
  5 ) no previous crimes revolving around violence . 
  i love reddits interface . 
  i hate them . 
  they borrow money from me , they do n't pay it back . 
  they constantly smoke , they both drink . . and my mum uses my grandfather like he is a bank . 
  my grandfather is the only person in my family i care about , and i will fight my family to the ends of the world to make sure they get nothing when he passes away . 
  `` true love '' is like fantastic 4 . 
  it makes me want to throw up . 
  i do n't have guilt . 
  bring the attention because i need it !, 
  i ca n't speak for every school in the uk , but in my city if you had a high grade in languages in primary school you did german in highschool , if you had a low/average grade you did french . 
  lip biting gets me every time . 
  english mastiff . 
  i have a large appetite , i 'm lazy and i sleep a lot . 
  hannibal . 
  human trash is a better word . 
  they do n't deserve sympathy . 
  of course they exist . 
  not do any work , get threatened to be kicked out about 4 times a year , managed to stay at the one highschool , left and now i am at college . 
  sandwich , bag of crisps , drink and a chocolate bar if we have any . 
  a bear attack , those dudes are fuckers . 
  2 months . 
  i had bowl problems when i was younger and was admitted to the hospital . 
  they gave me a shit load of laxatives and shoved this jelly stuff up my ass . 
  oh boy , that was the most painful experience i 've ever had passing that monster . 
  i now only poop once/twice a week because of it . 
  not give a fuck . 
  found a handbag with needles and empty pill bottles in it . 
  though that 's not that strange . 
  americans do n't put butter on their sandwiches . 
  deleting a post only annoys one person , when you delete a subreddit you upset thousands of people . 
  i would have liked coontown to have stayed , because all the racists where there , and not all over reddit like a horde looking for a new home . 
  what did you do prior to this though ? 
  we put butter on all our sandwiches here . 
  if it has mayo on it , still have butter on it . 
  currently 12am uk time , had 5 shots . 
  i 'm okay but i 'm hungry . 
  i jerk off . 
  like most people . 
  the next person to piss me off . 
  animal . 
  because the next time i see it , it will act like it did n't even happen . 
  unlike if you fucked your sister/brother etc. 
  i look in the fridge/freezer . 
  then i make whatever i feel like . 
  you 've obviously never been to europe if you think it as a ` utopia ' . 
  who cares ? 
  crash bandicoot , spyro . 
  basically all the large ps1 games at the time . 
  jeff . 
  because jeff . 
  try and cook bacon . 
  do n't have one . 
  my mum is a clean freak . 
  currently cooking bacon at nearly 4am in the morning . 
  best decision in my life . 
  eat any of the cheese my granddad offers me . 
  he likes the super strong stuff that makes me want to die . 
  i have a hard time with emotions and caring about people . 
  makes it very easy when you fall out/break up with someone . 
  turkey . 
  i honestly ca n't remember the last time i seen my countries flag in person . 
  probably when i watched the world cup .
