  jerked off at school . 
  i woke up this morning without hitting the snooze button 10 times . 
  would explain the stupidity . 
  i 'd make canada and mexico invade the us , just to see what would happen . 
  1 ) universally free healthcare . 
  2 ) more spending on education and less military . 
  3 ) hate speech is not protected by freedom of speech . 
  4 ) higher taxes but better quality of foods . 
  i guess the third one is good or bad , depending on your opinions . 
  yes , i wear glasses . 
  yes , i will get angry if you ask to wear them . 
  enjoy the brainless hordes of human trash , luckily for the us , immigrants ca n't swim across the sea to get to them . 
  fuck bitches , get money . 
  anyone who is caught wearing yeezys will be sent to france . 
  did n't realize how far back a vagina is . 
  i 'm surprised at russia . 
  all he needs to do is look at the rest of europe to figure that out . 
  itt ; americans calling europeans nationalists when they 're the ones who make their children pledge allegiance to a flag . 
  this is n't america . 
  they 're forcefully pushing their way through people and fences . 
  how do we know they pose no threat ? 
  if they 're entering illegally they can and should be shot . 
  watch illegal immigration plummet when that happens . 
  what 's fascist about protecting my countries borders ? 
  do you want into my country ? 
  come here legally with a passport . 
  if you are running through fences and officers trying to get into my country then you will get shot . 
  do n't want to get shot ? 
  do n't break the law . 
  * do you want into my country * read motherfucker . 
  like trek said , the only thing white about argentina are the immigrants . 
  your version of freedom of speech is different to european free speech . 
  you 're not protected under `` freedom of speech '' when you decide to be a cunt in europe . 
  are you sure ? 
  i thought it was in syria ? 
  trouble caused by immigrants in swedenstan ? 
  how surprising . 
  i am happy with my freedom of speech . 
  stop being intolerant to other peoples cultures please . 
  the true american way . 
  `` fuck anyone who is n't like us '' . 
  jesus was real . 
  he just did n't have these magical powers . 
  when i played wow , all i did was befriend a guild , gain a high rank , then instantly ninja the guild bank , remove them all from any form of contact and then do it again and again , i mainly did it because i grown bored of wow . 
  when i could speak . 
  because america . 
  cool story . 
  are you done crying ? 
  because you 're getting upset over nothing . 
  i went to egypt a couple months ago , awesome place . 
  because it 's america . 
  you get given a flag on birth . 
  and ? 
  if hitler said `` cereal is great '' would you not agree with him ? 
  i want yogurt now . 
  what benefit would a fascist terror organization based in turkey get from bombing them ? 
  is there something i am missing here ? 
  no idea about my grade , but i 've worn glasses since i was 5/6 . 
  stay away from anything politics . 
  it really makes you hate certain groups of people once you dive head first into it . 
  i 'd sit him at the table with me , then i 'd eat a load of candy . 
  then he will know who is the boss . 
  owning a nice car is n't overrated , i love my car . 
  `` nosh '' oh my lord , that word makes me cringe everytime i hear it . 
  if i have to leave the house i do . 
  if i 'm sat at the back of the room , with my hood up and earphones in i do not want to talk to you . 
  the third reich succeeded , but to keep people from rebelling they drug us with the food we eat and the liquids we drink , the european union was created so that other european countries thought they had a voice . 
  when my grandmother died , cried once at her deathbed . 
  that was in 2013 . 
  `` brutal '' torture . 
  please , that was nothing compared to other shit i 've seen on here . 
  americans take , they do n't give . 
  now europe is paying the price of mass-immigration . 
  adhd , anger issues , a lack of caring . 
  no matter how hard i try i always fuck it up , if i try and keep the anger in , i will snap and then i will get the exact same result . 
  i do n't have the patience that the training for my dream job requires . 
  punched a locker and broke my knuckle . 
  helping refugees/immigrants is n't going to stop the mass-immigration problem . 
  learn to take a joke , reddit . 
  stall . 
  the urinals at my works bathroom do n't have the lip on the edges . 
  if i go to zip my pants back up , i can see the dudes dick out of the corner of my eye . 
  if you 're caught lying about your medical disability/faking it , you should have to pay for your healthcare , not get it free . 
  was my country invading another country ? 
  is my country getting invaded ? 
  yes . 
  fuck the french . 
  outdated that serves no place in a modern society . 
  when people look at me , i feel like punching them when i look up and someone is just starting at me . 
  no idea why . 
  africa was doomed anyway , just like the native american people . 
  even without european envelopment they would not be as advanced as europe is today . 
  it would have ended up like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emk4cuqyz44 ) i assume, 
  australia , their leader openly denies climate change . 
  uk : nhs , history . 
  majority of the middle east . 
  if someone tries to bully you , just straight up punch them . 
  even if you know you 're going to lose . 
  if they know you 're going to fight back then they will think it 's not worth it , and find someone else . 
  so there are more foreigners in germany than there is people in ireland ?
