  my grandmothers death . 
  it made me realize that not everyone is around all the time , and you should make more of an effort to visit people . 
  did n't give a fuck about education , got terrible grades . 
  mechanic , i do n't know how old your friend is , but a friend of mine did n't want to go to college ( he was 17 ) a garage offered to give him an apprenticeship and teach him the craft . 
  all wake up at the same time and eat breakfast . 
  i prefer tumblr . 
  people will always see the bad before the good . 
  go to college , hell , it 's free !, 
  no matter how old you are . 
  i would n't , because no matter what you tell people , they will still think you 're bat shit insane . 
  i would just steal an idea and become right in the future . 
  dude hit a black guy with his car , cops were called . 
  his excuse was `` it 's not illegal to hit animals '' . 
  yes , if we did n't we got in trouble . 
  we were only allowed to write in cursive . 
  because they 're my friend . 
  i got drunk and told someone who i liked , lets just say science class was awkward because i sat right next to her . 
  this video explains why :, 
  marking your thread [ serious ] would be a start . 
  and who the fuck knows . 
  it 's not like lying is a thing . 
  not punch their kid in the face when he kicks the ball against the fence . 
  a lighter , because everyone likes you a lot more when they forget theirs . 
  people circle jerk it because it 's james bond even though it 's an average movie at best . 
  gold . 
  i am the black sheep of my family . 
  kid kept kicking the back of my chair , turned around and threatened to throw him out the window . 
  everyone gave me the `` disappointed '' eyes whenever i got up to use the bathroom . 
  control your god damn children . 
  get shot in the head when i 'm completely unaware . 
  only fools and horses , qi , red dwarf . 
  most british shows . 
  free education and healthcare without cutting back on military spending . 
  i was ill once , i could n't stop throwing up . 
  this meant when i fell asleep the vomit would get stuck in my throat and i could n't breathe , one night i could n't get it to come out , i ran into my parents room and fell on the floor due to lack of oxygen . 
  my dad kept smacking me on the back and i eventually threw up . 
  i spent the rest of my illness in the hospital . 
  russians ca n't pronounce w , they say v. 
  i did n't even know they did a reboot , why would they even do that . 
  all the ones i 've had only have a spoon and a knife . 
  steal a lot of things . 
  pepperoni . 
  i ca n't stand the stuff . 
  travel across europe . 
  i go to the middle east , i will do the terminator portal thingy in the middle of some big holy festival or something and say allah sent me . 
  assuming they do n't just kill me . 
  dogs seem to just like me , my uncle had a dog who hated everyone who was n't him , i went and he just instantly liked me . 
  when americans say they 're '' [ insert nation here ] - american '', 
  have you been to x country ? 
  do you speak x language ? 
  are your parents from there ? 
  no , you 're american . 
  blood pudding . 
  i went to kfc and they said they had no chicken . 
  1 ) bed . 
  3 ) shoes, 
  i do n't know why so many people are like that , it 's only blood . 
  fuck bitches get money . 
  if i 'm at home it 's watching , if i 'm at a theater it 's seeing . 
  that can be applied to anything . 
  we are defiantly more known for eating it than any other european country . 
  you 're taking this way too seriously . 
  please name me a food that nobody on the planet knows about other than people from that country . 
  brush my teeth , i get out the shower , get dry . 
  go sit down and then go `` fuck '' . 
  america - the need to put bacon on everything . 
  i 've tried a bacon topped doughnut , yeah , it was okay . . 
  i would n't eat another one . 
  i 've also tried a bacon egg cheese burger with a doughnut for buns , that was just a big no , no . 
  spain ? 
  fucking please . 
  immortality and ultimate power , so i 'd be a god . 
  none . 
  because keeping certain people in there quiet little parts of the internet is better than them being everywhere . 
  this is why i am against reddit banning `` offensive '' subreddits . 
  spending money . 
  i find it hard to not buy something if i want it . 
  do n't listen to your friends , if you do that you 'll never know what you like . 
  this is what black/blood pudding looks like : https://tyronetribulations.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/photo.jpg, 
  guy fawkes . 
  he was a terrorist . 
  i dunno , they did western europe a favour . 
  now , this is n't a movie/book but i seen a gif of a man get his head crushed . 
  he was cleaning the driveway , he slammed the gate , the gate fell and his head got crushed between the gate and the garbage bin . 
  [ this song is currently unavailable ], 
  showers . 
  i did n't realize how long i showered for until i timed myself . 
  netflix and chill , bae ? 
  works everytime . 
  trust me . 
  - man, 
  i do n't think it needs a reason as to why i would n't . 
  it 's shit , i do n't care what it tastes like . 
  gypsies are human rats and should be exterminated . 
  jump off the highest building in sight because i am not getting eaten alive . 
  no it 's really not . 
  `` fuck racism and bigotry '', 
  `` death to all gypsies ! '', 
  murder my neighbor because she is loud as fuck . 
  seeing has the queen has little to no power in any of those nations , none .
