  that 's why we have made some things illegal . 
  they are great things to have and i 'm not opposing them . 
  but some people like to continue this `` fight '' even further ... `` we must somehow erase this whole phenomenon from the human race ! '' . 
  `` we must somehow stop people having certain views or opinions ! '' . 
  `` we must somehow stop people from saying certain things ! '' . 
  it 's impossible . 
  shit happens , humans gon na human . 
  life is a lot easier when you stop getting so offended about everything . 
  what matters is that institutional racism , homophobia and sexism does n't exist much in the west anymore . 
  not the fact that someone might say a bad word some day or someone might believe in stereotypes or someone might even insult someone in a racist way . 
  even people who are 101 % racists or homophobes or sexists usually have a normal functioning morality and capability for empathy . 
  the fact is that there are no `` racists '' . 
  there are no `` sexists '' . 
  there are no `` homophobes '' . 
  there are people with different experiences , different opinions , different personalities , different line of thoughts , different thoughts ... 
  it 's very much in the hands of other people and their communities to what kind of people they think fit to different categories . 
  just as it is with every other label , also racists and sexists and so on are all different kind of individuals . 
  someone might just have negative opinions of immigrants . 
  someone might make fun of arabs . 
  someone might be associated with racist groups without even being a racist . 
  and then , of course , someone might have deep rooted hate over others with different color . 
  they can all be considered `` racist '' , even thought their `` racism '' is completely different and many are completely harmless . 
  it goes to the same category as trying to erase violence by saying violence is bad . 
  it does n't work ... 
  someone is violent for self defense . 
  someone is violent because he wants to hurt others . 
  someone is violent because he lost his temper . 
  a leader must be a leader . 
  not some alien figure somewhere on top of the system that works like an emotionless bureaucrat , leaving no room for any sort of emotions . 
  when he decides that cuts must be made to education budget or defense budget because this and that , do the people see it as justified ? 
  if he was a true leader , he 'd either stay behind his and his people 's principles , or then explain the cuts for the common man like a friend for a friend . 
  a leader must be someone that the people can relate to and form a certain connection . 
  that of course does n't mean he must have the absolute power . 
  not by any means . 
  modern society requires reliance on bureaucracy and law in order to remain stable , well-being and just . 
  however , that does n't mean there could n't be some sort of a `` spiritual '' leader that first and foremost leads the people instead of just managing the country . 
  the presidents and monarchs in many countries kind of serve this purpose , but even they feel like somewhat distant and often lack any real power . 
  it was a huge moral blow for the ottomans . 
  they had a huge superiority complex and did n't take a single european country or their inventions seriously . 
  they saw europe as a backwater , which it undoubtedly was from many aspects in the earlier centuries . 
  europe felt the same way . 
  the sound of ottoman drums stroke fear into the hearts of europeans being sieged by victorious ottomans . 
  year after year , battle after battle , ottomans always won . 
  then the tide finally turned . 
  europe managed to repel the ottoman empire in the battle of vienna . 
  europe had achieved new military and social innovations , while ottomans were stuck in time with their outdated military and social institutions . 
  after that , battle after battle , they started to crumble . 
  their moral shield had broken , revealing the underlying faults in their big empire . 
  faults that cast a shadow for centuries to come . 
  faults that were like nails in the coffin of the ottoman empire , no matter how much they attempted to modernize in the 1800 's . 
  only after the empire had fallen and atat\u00fcrk was in power , turkey managed to catch up and modernize . 
  and now all the progress he and some of his predecessors achieved are being erased by erdogan ... 
  well , good luck in your impossible fight . 
   europe needs a few good leaders , not managers . 
  this is my new motto . 
  nowadays , your average head of state is pretty much a dull bureaucrat instead of an inspirational leader who represents the whole nation as a whole . 
  yeah , we get it , you love gays . 
  no , it wo n't go away , but maybe people learn to live with it ... and no one is speaking about ignoring it , that 's not good either , but learning not to take it as dead serious . 
  well , i do n't think german victory was impossible , but very unlikely knowing the sheer size of the soviet-union and some strategic miscalculations done by germany . 
  that was pretty much the case in continuation war . 
  excellent point !, 
   the left is trying to make a rational point hahhahahah :d, 
  racism and xenophobia exists . 
  live with it . 
  the less you want to be bothered with it , the more you have to acknowledge and accept it and live accordingly . 
  if we whine about racism with an annoying tone and do things that cause such racist resentment in the first place , chances are that it only increases . 
  but if we 'd actually stop taking in so many foreigners and would n't lose our fucking minds if someone even mentions about race or even dares to make a joke about it , chances are that racism would n't be such a big deal . 
  now on i will report every single comment that says `` alt-right '' . 
  stop associating european right-wing politics to americans and their retardation . 
  i guess next you call leftists commies ? 
  zero in a shithole like georgia . 
  common sense . 
  how many times have utopias come true in the history ? 
  cultural differences i guess ... 
  here we always have the initial ceremony and burial in a church , and after that there 's another occasion somewhere nearby where we all eat and remember the deceased one . 
  one of the few occasions where you actually meet your extended family :d, 
  pretty much everywhere else ... 
  or you can go to somewhere completely elsewhere and actually see new cultures and meet new people . 
  the less tourists the better . 
  you do n't ? 
  i 've never been in a funeral where we did n't eat food after the burial . 
  nothing is more destructive force than mass-tourism . 
  i 'm so glad finland is not situated in the mediterranean so we do n't attract as much tourists as warm places do ... 
  and shit like this also destroys the culture , especially in poorer and smaller countries . 
  every warm place wants to profit and they all build identical holiday resorts to places where used to be small villages and real culture . 
  money goes above everything ... 
  automation will not be fully implemented . 
  russia move the russian georgian border deeper in georgia each week . 
  nope . 
  if russia would attack estonia , it would occupy it in a matter of days . 
  sure , nato would most likely react ( if it does n't , it would collapse ) , but they would n't send troops to estonia to defend against russia . 
  first of all , russia has an actual border with estonia and can invade it with tens of thousands of top-notch mechanized troops . 
  it would be hard for nato to actually counter such an offensive in practical terms . 
  how big of a moral blow it would be to lose against russia ? 
  secondly , i 'm pretty sure nato is not willing to go head on to wwiii just because of their principles for a tiny country like estonia . 
  they would first resort to diplomacy . 
  they would first resort to sanctions . 
  or something like that . 
  if every other option turns out to be fruitless , they would probably eventually plan an offensive to retake estonia . 
  but one thing is sure : estonia would get occupied by russia , at least temporarily .
