  what does that change ? 
  the animal dies in both cases , one method just takes a bit longer and obviously hurts a bit more . 
  yeah , it 's gruesome . 
  it 's also gruesome when an alligator rips an animal apart . 
  it 's also gruesome when a young bird breaks its wing and dies to malnutrition . 
  gruesome death is the norm in reality . 
  it 's the way natural world works . 
  do you really think animals expect a quick and painless death ? 
  do you really think they care ? 
  all they care about is satisfying their basic needs and instincts when they 're alive , and those things are not as well satisfied for normal cows compared to bullfighting bulls . 
  how much time is 20-60 minutes of suffering compared to several years of decent life ? 
  it 's fuck all ... 
  the only thing you really care about is your own weak mind and the negative effect seeing such gruesome things causes in it . 
  less gruesome things you see , the better !, 
  more animals killed in a quick and effortless way out of your sight , the better !, 
  well , i 'd rather have a long and good life and die in a cruel ritual instead of a short and miserable life in a cage and die quick . 
  the animal dies either way , in the end it really does n't make a difference . 
  and if they were in their natural environment , they 'd die violently as well ... 
  i find it extremely funny that western people get so upset about bullfighting just because it looks cruel and hurts the animal , no matter how much better life such bulls have compared to what we use for meat production . 
  it 's just funny . 
  let 's face it , it 's not about the actual suffering , it 's about the shock that it causes in an average westerner who is not used to seeing cruelty of any sort . 
  for him , bulls are something you see dancing and singing in a disney movie ... 
  in the end it 's about human comforts . 
  seeing cruelty is uncomfortable for many . 
  for them it 's better to kill 1000 miserable animals in a production line somewhere out of sight than to kill 10 happy animals in a popular ritual . 
  they just ca n't handle seeing the cruelty . 
  they want to protect themselves and their weak minded world view . 
  it 's funny because bullfighting bulls have 10x better life than your average beef . 
  does that mean russia has n't bombed nato countries enough so they 'd see how nato is not benefiting them ? 
  we also benefited for allying with the nazis ... 
  but it tells quite a lot about those countries that they 're willing ally with such country . . 
  why ? 
  so murica can get a bit more power than it already has so it can continue invading sovereign countries with very little opposition ? 
  judging by how much anti-immigration and right wing parties have increased in popularity , i honestly doubt that . 
  fox news has nothing to do with this . 
  this must be upvoted to raise awareness of how fucking sick world we live in nowadays . 
  it was possible , but the supply distances were extremely long and russian weather is not very welcoming for outside invaders , especially in winter . 
  the left can only blame itself for the increased popularity of the right in recent years . 
  that 's just how world works . 
  if people feel that one camp does n't represent them , they support the other camp . 
  if we have a list of the best selling books in germany , how is it acceptable that a bestselling book gets removed from that just because of its subject ? 
  if you support values like transparency and honesty , there is absolutely no justification for an act like this . 
  if der spiegel achieves something with this , it 's the complete opposite of what it attempts to ... 
  i would n't personally mind if every leftist voice was silenced and censored here in finland , but since i know how much it would hurt us and our people as a functioning and civilized society , it 's not acceptable at all . 
  good weapon design is good weapon design regardless of its age . 
  not europeans !, 
  we are the civilization !!, 
  but they can destroy a lot more than just democracy ... 
  then swedes are the most retarded bunch of fuckers in the europe , on a par with americans ... we both know that is n't true . 
  alt-right ... another american term for retarded american politics . 
  do n't bring retarded americans and their retarded politics to europe pls . 
   such a shame that the situation is not so good in germany ftfy, 
  the other one got harsh sanctions , the other one invaded and occupied a whole country and got nothing . 
  both countries should be treated the same way . 
  and then they organize themselves again and continue terrorizing the world , now because they have very little alternatives ... 
  i 'd rather have them in jail or dead instead of terrorizing other people 's communities . 
  everyone opposing us and liking russia are shilling . 
  if i could choose , greater finland would reach all the way to urals . 
  but sadly , that 's not the case . 
  because he represents the majority of americans ? 
  americans are idiots and have always been idiots . 
  voting for clinton does n't change that fact anywhere . 
  us voters are dumb , equally the ones who voted for clinton and the ones who voted for trump ... 
  of course you do n't ... 
  i always knew dutch were secretly retards !, 
  so my point stands . 
  what is the solution for the people who do n't have dual citizenship ? 
  that 's not how world works ... 
  at no point they said 100 % of the dutch people fighting for isis have dual citizenship ... 
  smoking does n't automatically give you lung cancer . 
  if you want to avoid all cancers , move to the 3rd world or stop drinking alcohol , stop eating meat and stop smoking tobacco . 
  it 's kind of funny how horrified people are of smoking , but at the same time they do pretty much every other thing that predisposes one to cancer ... 
  just when we 're about to become more open towards drugs , we start banning tobacco ? 
  pls no . 
  show me where you found the statistic that every foreign fighter/terrorist in isis has dual citizenship . 
  well , americans are fat and naive slobs who value education only as a tool to get good paying jobs . 
  russians on the other hand are a lot more down to earth and their education system is surprisingly good and they actually appreciate it . 
  generally as people , russians do n't get offended by everything and they have no problems in supporting traditional values . 
  americans on the other hand are trying to be sooo cool and smart and radical even if they 're the complete opposite . 
  it is a big deal , but not as big as you make it look like . 
  i 'd rather have a stable dictatorship that has used chemical weapons instead of a complete anarchy ... 
  in the end there 's not that big of a difference between bombing people and gassing people . 
  civilians will die either way . 
  it 's a fact that many of them do n't have dual citizenship . 
  you ca n't really have people without citizenship ... 
  yeah , they go hiding ... with other people in similar situation . 
  what do you think hundreds of islamic extremists would do if they all go hiding ? 
  ah , so that makes it completely acceptable . 
  russia should also invade the baltics and install pro-russia puppet governments there !, 
  but syria , iraq and libya do n't ... 
  well , i 'm `` anti-americanist '' and support russia  ( as a country , not their actions in ukraine ) edit : well , russia has done a lot of similar shit as usa , so it would be kinda wrong to be anti-usa but support russia , but lets put it this way : russians are cool people , americans are idiots . 
  that 's why i like russia . 
  that 's how middle-east works . 
  either be a brutal dictator or see your country in anarchy . 
  remember to buy some oil too which they stole from iraq  ), 
  but crimea generally supports russia ... 
  americans did n't do it either when their country invaded and occupied iraq ... 
  i do n't think it 's a wise choice to cripple russia 's economy ... 
  if they have the second most powerful military in the world and they see their economy is falling apart , i see no reason for them to not use it to secure their own future . 
  and even if they collapse before they would ever use that , someone else would definitely use it ... russian criminals , chechen terrorists , russian oligarchs ...
