  no shit , but she was nowhere near being an `` adult '' . 
  yes , if the west has no intention on getting their citizens back , west has abandoned them . 
  soviet winter offensives in december of 1941 were quite effective ... 
  well , that would solve most of our problems . 
  this is gold :d, 
  humans do n't have value anymore ? 
  lol i 'd like to say a bunch of groups that i do n't value either but i would get banned here :(, 
  but hitler actually murdered six million jews and many million more of other people , while ernst z\u00fcndel did not . 
  he shall rest in peace . 
  do you really think that executing tens of thousands of people will somehow solve the issue of islamic extremism ? 
  how well did the war against terror work after 9/11 ? 
   a 16 year old person is almost an adult . 
  hahahaha ... 26 year old people are hardly fucking adults , let alone 16 year olds ... 
  because it 's her home . 
  if that 's not the case , extremist strongholds in syria and iraq will become her new home and i do n't think it 's beneficial for anyone to have more extremist echo chambers full of people who were abandoned by their home countries . 
  well , you 're going to have a bad time in the future if you leave already misled people to their fate . 
  haha , so funneh , hyrdailuc press : ddd, 
  not flying is a good solution for that . 
  breaking a law is still breaking a law . 
  no matter how hard for you to understand this particular law is . 
  yeah , that 's why gays in iran are bad criminals and deserve the punishment they get  ), 
  possibly , but that does n't mean israel has some divine right to be the only country in the region with such weapons ... 
  proxy conflicts are not offensive wars . 
  soviet union was not in war with us just because they supported the vietnamese . 
  us was not in war against soviet union just because they supported the mujahideen in afghanistan . 
  at no point have i said iran has never caused any problems . 
  i 've only said they have not had an offensive war in like 200 years . 
  if i remember right , the battle of karnal was the last offensive war waged by persia , although i 'm not 100 % sure because i remember there was some sort of siege shit in the 19th century . 
  and by middle-eastern standards , iran is not really that bad of a country . 
  they have their share of human rights violations , but they also have some surprisingly progressive things going on , such as being the only country in the world where you can legally sell your kidney . 
  drug rehabilitation is also way more advanced than it is in the rest of me . 
  yes , they have their own proxy wars in palestine , lebanon , yemen and iraq , but it 's still not offensive warfare involving iranian armed forces . 
   scooter front man h.p. 
  baxxter told german media last month the band was going to crimea to perform music , not engage in politics . 
  exactly . 
  this is beyond ridiculous ... 
  europe 's new colonies  ), 
  who gives a fuck about the wealth ? 
  it does n't guarantee equality . 
  us does n't have universal health and their public education is utterly shit . 
  those are things that even the poorest european countries have managed to establish ... 
  calling detroit a paradise compared to russian cities is fucking delusional . 
  either your tongue is mile deep in the americans ' asses , or you just have resentment towards russia . 
  about homeless people , this from the wikipedia article about homelessness in us :  in 2009 , there were about 643,000 sheltered and unsheltered homeless persons nationwide . 
  about two-thirds of those stayed in emergency shelters or used transitional housing programs , with the remaining living on the street in abandoned buildings or other areas not meant for human habitation . 
  because iran has many things better than other countries in middle-east and they were targets of unjustified and harsh economic sanctions . 
  generally as a country they have faced a lot of injustice by western countries and that 's why people have sympathy towards it . 
  iran executes more people than any other country in middle-east and they 're pretty much an islamic theocracy , yet people act like it 's the complete opposite of saudi-arabia for example . 
  iran is not spreading wahhabism ... 
  they 're not even sunni lol sure they have their own proxy shit going on in iraq , lebanon , palestine and yemen . 
  iran 's economy was purposely nearly destroyed by the west just for supposedly developing a nuclear weapon , something that their biggest enemy israel has like 200 ... at the same time when a similar country saudi-arabia is actually called an * ally * . 
  it 's fucking sickening . 
  iran has not had an offensive war for over 200 years , and they are still punished by countries that have constantly waged war . 
  not even mentioning the potential dangers the collapse of iran could 've caused ... more islamic extremism and all the heroin from the golden crescent being freely smuggled through iran to elsewhere . 
  i 've always sided with iran in this issue , and after many years i can finally see the opinions changing ... 
  well , us has hundreds of thousands of homeless people begging in the streets , so there 's that ... 
  but i 'm talking about absolute poverty . 
  poverty where you do n't have a roof over your head and can barely afford food ... 
  euiv is one of the only strategy games where the ai feels competent . 
  that 's why i never load older saves because it 's unfair . 
  i could as well become a male prostitute for `` moneyz '' if it 's all what matters . 
  but during the soviet times , people had work and generally their basic needs were fulfilled . 
  as far as i know , there was very little absolute poverty where homeless people beg on the streets . 
  / * black guy tapping his head *, 
   they ca n't bully eastern europe anymore actually , they can . 
  citizen of eu \u2260 european citizen, 
  it 's not our job to feed the whole globe . 
  our job is to feed ourselves and organic farming is completely sufficient for that . 
  and generally even with its flaws , it 's better than depleting the soil from all the nutrients with hyper-effective farming . 
  but he found america ... 
  like i said , good luck in your endless and impossible fight . 
  meanwhile , all the normal people are doing more worthwhile things instead of getting offended and hurt by things they have no control over . 
  it 's also kind of sad that people rely on serving rich westerners for a livelihood in poorer countries . 
  i do n't want to even imagine living in a place where you must either work in the tourist industry or live in poverty , serving people who have no respect for your country or your culture . 
  for them it 's just a warm place where you can suntan and drink in big holiday resorts ... 
  i dislike such resorts more and more and often even feel bad about supporting them . 
  it 's okay when us or uk do it . 
  when russia does it , sanctions , sanctions goddamnit !, 
  well , sounds a lot like the war on drugs ... 
  someone has a gram of cocaine and now he 's personally responsible for all those murders in colombia !, 
  someone has downloaded cp from the internet and now he 's responsible of all the child rapes !, 
   thanks mate . 
  i 'm actually happy to see the world is far less racist than it used to be , and young generations are for the most part even less so . 
  but racism and racist tendencies are still alive and well . 
  even in younger generations . 
  and it wo n't disappear no matter how much you whine about it . 
   if people would apply your mentality , black people would still probably be an inferior class of humans in the us . 
  gay marriage would not exist because there would have been no activism that allowed for their acceptance and so on . 
  and people would all just kill each others if i say it 's pointless to march against violence because violence wo n't just magically disappear ? 
  that 's why we created law and order . 
  if there is institutional discrimination , of course it must be fixed . 
  but just like good people can be violent , good people can also make a racist joke or believe in stereotypes . 
  as a side note , i 've noticed that the people who are most vocal about racism and sexism and so on tend to be more blind about their own racist and sexist tendencies . 
   you think it does n't work , but it does . 
  the world has become much less racist , and it certainly was n't because people ignored it , it was due to people fighting against it with passion and dedication . 
  yeah , that 's why we gave women suffrage , criminalized rape , ended slavery and racial discrimination , legalized gay marriages ... 
  did you read my earlier comment ? 
  no one has said a word about inaction ... that 's why we have abolished racial segregation . 
  that 's why we have given women suffrage . 
  that 's why we have legalized same-sex marriages .
