  who gives a fuck if syria used chemical weapons ? 
  stakes are high you know ... war is war . 
  they know they will end up like libya or iraq if they lose against the rebels . 
  chemical weapons are nasty and all , but they 're still just a weapon . 
  it 's not much better to bomb people to shreds either . 
  how did russia destabilize syria ? 
  by helping the government to destroy the rebels ? 
  if someone must be blamed for isis , it 's usa for supporting the rebels in syria and invading iraq ... 
  well , russia will never return crimea , that 's for certain . 
  they are not stupid and probably have a plan b already if the eu is not willing for any cooperation . 
  where are the sanctions against us for invading iraq ? 
  yeah , i just learned le pen is a fascist , but now she 's a nazi ? 
  if they have dual citizenship , sure , but many of them wo n't have . 
  that 's what nature is . 
  if we give them no other chance than to die or stick with their friends who are in similar situation , they just end up being even more radicalized and continue being part of terrorist organizations . 
  but you ca n't really revoke someone 's nationality just like that ... what is their nationality then if they ca n't return ? 
  where can they return when islamic state is no more ? 
  here we see the decline of civilization . 
  well yeah , it is an overstatement . 
  capital citites are interesting places and usually have more to see than smaller citites , but my point is that often they give a very distorted view of the country as a whole . 
  one city does never represent the whole country . 
  if you want to truly travel the world , capital cities are the last places you want to go ... 
   i hope that it does n't take a war to weld the eu together , but i do agree that there are some similarities . 
  it already took wwi and wwii ... 
  cursive looks civilized . 
  well , you are saying that people do n't belong to your country for their personal views ... 
  the [ monarchy is already resurrected ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_throne ) and even has a legitimate heir , prince karl emich of leiningen aka . 
  are you seriously claiming that russia is doing worse now than it did in the 1990 's ? 
  maybe he does n't want capitalism or high economic growth and the values and problems associated with them ? 
  if that was the case , norway would have the most brutal prison system in the world ... 
  and how is supporting erdogan , the democratically elected president of turkey , anti-democratic behavior in germany ? 
  one 's personal opinions and views are their own business , not anyone else 's . 
  i do n't think thought crimes should be a thing in eu , at least if we claim we are the beacon of the free and civilized world . 
  you 're trying to be sooo multicultural , yet you start discriminating people for their personal views ? 
  i could as well say leftists do n't belong to finland and should be expelled , but that 's not very nice , is it ? 
  well , i rather do n't have turks in my country at all ... their ideologies and religion is irrelevant though . 
  however , if we do allow them in , it 's not fair at all to start discriminating them for their personal views . 
  what if a family enters here and the father is an erdogan supporter ? 
  is it fair to break the family apart because of that ? 
  it 's not `` alt-right '' ... alt-right is an american term for american retards and their retarded ideologies . 
  ps2 has plenty of great games , in my opinion even more than ps3 or ps4 . 
  it works in some cases , but in some , it works even worse than a harsher system . 
  it does n't really put you down and gives you plenty of help to study , to work and to become a productive citizen again . 
  but then there are criminals who do n't want to study , who do n't want to work , who do n't want to be productive citizens ... then they get free after a relatively short period and continue doing crime . 
  by getting attacked by germany and finland ? 
  i can only imagine the sadness of that little girl :(, 
  here it 's around 20 degree celsius and sunny  ), 
  well , to be honest most people i know use milk as well . 
  you can not understand finnish mentality if you do n't drink your coffee black . 
  it 's like the more bad tasting your coffee is , the more finnish you are . 
  we will become depressed if we start really * enjoying * the things we enjoy . 
  well , * arsenal of democracy : a hearts of iron game * with the * iron cross * expansion . 
  i believe that as well :d, 
  `` what ya want , fam ? '', 
  - the architect `` just fuck my shit up '' - federal constitutional court, 
   the western world has steadily been going towards individual liberties , freedom and equality over the last century , but now it seems the progress is going in the opposite direction . 
  the `` progress '' enabled this ... 
  irrelevant . 
  both are about genital mutilation . 
  if mgm stays acceptable , should we also accept some lesser form of fgm where only some of the skin is removed ? 
  it 's about the principle that a non-consenting person should not get his/her genitals chopped up ... 
  not in my hearts of iron game where i played as finland and poland decided to attack germany in 1938 and conquer it . 
  kind of immersion breaking . 
  syrian war has proved that syrians ca n't use their tanks for shit . 
  just like gulf war showed it back in the 1990 's . 
  tanks should never work alone . 
  they have infantry , anti-air , pioneers , ifv 's and other stuff in their defense . 
  also getting a decent hit to a modern mbt with an antitank-missile is not as easy as it looks . 
  nope . 
  mbt is still the most powerful land vehicle one can have . 
  many people forget that when they read about gulf war or see videos of fsa blowing up syrian tanks with missiles . 
  tanks alone are vulnerable , especially when used like iraq or syria , but as a part of a modern military , they are extremely powerful . 
  there 's a reason why russia developed their t-14 armata ... good luck destroying a modern tank battalion when their anti-air is keeping your airforce away and their infantry elements are fighting your infantry . 
  and even if you manage to get your sights on an mbt with your expensive at-missile , good luck breaching its active protection systems . 
  off topic , but if you want to see a comedy about the communist romania , watch a romanian movie called * tales from the golden age * . 
  i 'm not romanian nor know much about romanian culture , but i really liked this movie . 
  i could even say it 's one of my favorite movies . 
  good luck in that : dd, 
  yet people are less free than ever because all they want is money and `` fun '' . 
  the society must be based around generating wealth . 
  your life must be based on generating wealth . 
  everything around you must be based on generating wealth . 
  fuck knowledge , fuck culture , fuck nature , fuck everything ... 
  and it also means trading your values and nature and people for money and capitalism . 
  i believe russia will use `` malorossiya '' as a way to get leverage over ukraine and increase its own influence in ukraine . 
  well , i do n't think prolonging a war on european soil benefits anyone ... 
  if we do n't find a solution to this immigrant/refugee/migrant problem now , someone else will in the next 30 years , and at that point it will resemble the final solution ... that 's the sad reality many multiculturalists are not able to see . 
  europeans are getting fed up , yet the politicians are not taking them seriously . 
  some efforts are made , but the migrants are still coming and they 're still causing a lot of problems . 
  extremism is extremism regardless of the ideology or religion . 
  what you said about islam is true , but that does n't mean it somehow directly makes its followers extremists . 
  it means that people who forgot their bodies are prohibited . 
  but keep selling them to every other dictatorship in the world ? 
  but muh sun and muh vacations and muh tourism ; __ ;, 
  they should really hire some guy to make epic propaganda out of these exercises like they [ do here in finland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqke82fi0d4 ) . 
  thank god there still exists jobs that do n't require years of studying and still make a decent livelihood . 
  none of those replies were for me and you really overestimate your own importance if you really think i bother reading * all * of your comments in this thread . 
  is erdogan the most successful troll in the universe ? 
  y/n ? 
   and forcing every young man to join the military regardless of whether he 's physically or mentally capable of it , or whether he wants to or not , is not a condition i 'm willing to take in exchange for anything .
