  / u/sylinic1 is right that us would n't immediately send troops to defend estonia . 
  it would be too risky , both for their own reputation and the actual large scale consequences of a war between two major nuclear powers . 
  that 's what nazis said about their victims ... 
  well that settles it . 
  yes it is . 
  but rarely as dumb as an average american . 
  ah , another person who uses an american terms to describe things done and said by europeans . 
  not a wonder you do n't understand my point . 
  simple people do n't understand many things ... 
  well , an exponential economic growth is a reason behind many massive problems in our world ... 
  i downvote them because alt-right is a retarded american term for retarded americans . 
  using it when talking about europe is disgraceful . 
  you have two options : 1 . 
  move to usa with your retarded american terms like alt-right that have nothing to do with europe . 
  stop using such terms and act like a civilized european . 
  but still , 60 million people get their everyday consumer products brought to their nearest supermarket with massive oil consuming vehicles from hundreds , even thousands of kilometers away . 
  good luck making those things run with renewables ... edit : thanks for downvoting . 
  keep living in the illusion that renewables will magically save you from making a single real sacrifice . 
  it 's easier to ignore the reality and continue in the unsustainable path you 've chosen than to actually face the reality and make some real sacrifices . 
  and then of course put all the blame on trump and climate change deniers :d, 
  forests grow back you know ? 
  what you mean last primeval forest in europe ? 
  finland has primeval forest ... russia has primeval forest ... 
   sanctions on the us would hit any country more than it would hit the us , besides that your country is an ally of the us , not a foe . 
  that 's why i oppose the sanctions against russia as well . 
  and it gets worse all the time ... 
  russia has good education despite their high rates of religiousness ... 
  well , it was inevitable . 
  it 's better that it happened in the 1940 's instead of in 1960 's when countries might have had nuclear weapons . 
  not always ... 
  hmm , i think that it looks awesome . 
  out of place sure , but it 's still prettier than your average skyscraper . 
  * torture * * the action or practice of inflicting severe pain on someone as a punishment or to force them to do or say something , or for the pleasure of the person inflicting the pain * none of that holds true for bullfighting . 
  it 's just a slow and gruesome way to kill the bull . 
  a bit like animals do when they kill their pray . 
  are they torturers as well ? 
  yes , they do some things wrong , even partly because they 're on the top . 
  there is a lot of bureaucracy and a lot of taxes . 
  there are a lot of regulations and small annoyances . 
  politics seem stiff and inefficient . 
  in most parts it 's okay , but many people get kind of overwhelmed by this feeling that everything is regulated and taxed and controlled and so on ... 
  in many poor countries , people just do their shit and things work . 
  but here the state regulates and taxes that so they can create their own systems to make the society work . 
  it 's a certain lack of freedom . 
  you know , a basic nanny state . 
  also there 's the thing that particularly affects me and its the surprisingly conservative attitude and jurisdiction towards drugs . 
  well , dictatorships do n't generally have that stable societal foundations and generally fall sooner or later . 
  like yeah , a dictatorship can be stable , but imagine if they 'd do a fuck up like sweden did ? 
  they would not even consider handing their power over to someone else . 
  so what culture are the supporters from then if not spanish ? 
  bullfighting bulls are also eaten ... and it 's not like killing an animal in a gruesome way is torture . 
  just a bit slower way to kill it . 
  anyways , the point was that if i was a vegan , i could as well pretend to be morally above you and condemn you for eating meat . 
  yeah , it would actually be worse because those bulls would lose their respected status and be reduced to a level of normal cattle . 
  and it 's not like bulls give a fuck about the human concepts of morality anyways ... 
  sure . 
  they can also not change them and that 's just as fine . 
  i could as well be a vegan and say eating meat should be illegal . 
  that does n't mean it should be banned no matter how '' `` humane '' '' it would be . 
  the fact is that bullfighting is still being practiced and supported by millions of people , so obviously their morality is somewhat different . 
  but it could still be banned for some shitty reason . 
  no matter what cultural tradition we 're talking about it , it 's extremely questionable that the authorities of a certain country would ban a tradition that a large part of the country practices . 
  just because some weak minded fuck cries about muh cruelty and muh animal rights does n't mean spain should ban things their people practice . 
  well , it 's not my business either if people practice fgm in sub-saharan africa . 
  word against word . 
  i 'm not a morally superior being that can just condemn others because their morality is different than mine . 
  killing journalists on the other hand is a completely different subject and has nothing to do with this . 
   we know other mammals have emotions and how they experience pain . 
  that does n't mean we can relate to them , genius :d their emotions are vastly different from ours and we can never truly understand or relate to them unless we somehow manage to experience their conscious experience with zero influence of our own conscious experience . 
   many people also are against the factory farming system , but that is a much more nuanced issue because it is still the means for feeding millions of people . 
  bullfighting also feeds people , the bulls are always eaten after the event . 
  factory farming does exactly the same , only in a manner where the animals are treated as a resource to effectively give rich people their steaks . 
  but unlike bullfighting bulls , everything in their lives apart their quick death is shitty . 
  bullfighting bulls usually have the complete opposite . 
  just because the death is longer and there are people watching it does n't mean it 's worse for the bull . 
   bull fights are torture for entertainments sake . 
  more like an animal sacrifice or blood sports , not torture . 
  * torture * * the action or practice of inflicting severe pain on someone as a punishment or to force them to do or say something , or for the pleasure of the person inflicting the pain * only sick wankers are watching bullfighting to get some sick pleasure out of the bull 's suffering . 
  other people are there for the spectacle and for the tradition . 
  i 'm not in a position to condemn people thousands of kilometers away for practicing their practices in a completely different culture . 
  if they want to do it , they do it . 
  it 's not my business . 
  like jews were in germany ? 
  those people probably disagree with you . 
  yeah , in your opinion . 
  does that make the terrible people ? 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's just your opinion ... 
  they 're not terrible people . 
  they are normal people with their own traditions . 
  because eu respects their members ' rights for self-governance ? 
  it 's not a very good move to ban a cultural tradition which many people in your country practices ... 
  imagine if they made sauna illegal . 
  surprise , countries have traditions :d, 
  so what it is then ? 
   there are clashes between animal rights activists and the town idiots . 
  two idiots fighting each others : dd, 
  what is it then if not culture ? 
  are things part of the culture only if you personally agree with them ? 
  who gives a fuck ?
