  no it is n't ... last time i checked , russia had thousands of nuclear weapons and a massive military compared to germany . 
  germany might be more developed and have bigger economy , but that 's just one aspect of being a great power ... 
  who would want foreigners in his country ? 
  weed is illegal here :(, 
  well duh , maybe , just maybe , the people who voted him as `` great '' voted him for other reasons ... are you aware that stalin did some other things as well during his 30 years in power ? 
  usa has always been shit . 
  well , he industrialized russia and won the wwii . 
  so did hitler in germany though ... 
  you make it sound like there 's no point in maintaining a military if your country has no nuclear weapons ... my country has a military . 
  if we get attacked , we will defend ourselves . 
  no france or usa or uk is going to save us ... 
  it 's hard to take down a regime without a full-scale invasion , especially when people support it ... 
  yeah , because no one ca n't think themselves and everyone makes their decisions based on solely what they see on the media ... 
  yeah , so let 's invade russia and change the regime just to realize that the people actually did support the legal government ... 
  correct . 
  the allied powers in europe were utter retards when they did n't do the same . 
  reported for spam . 
  but hey , at least i found this video again :d, 
  oh , you also saw that one video . 
  turkish army is among the strongest in the whole middle-east ... 
  nazis had a massive military as well ... maybe we should 've all joined them back in the day ? 
  yeah , take down the evil dictator that is supported by a large majority of the population in russia ... 
  depends ... 
  they 're also the most expensive ones . 
  irrelevant . 
  it would still mean a military alliance with the us . 
  i pay 900 $ a year for my 900 $ motorcycle ... 
  you should come to finland ... only like 5 % of our forests are primeval forests and around half of them are under the threat of being hacked down . 
  the rest is managed forest that will be eaten by the hungry forest industry ... no biodiversity , no beauty ... 
  it was an example . 
  some people have extremely narrow field of general knowledge even if they are well educated in a certain field ... americans are a prime example of this . 
  because your average well read american is somehow responsible of the inventions made by scientists and inventors and entrepreneurs ... 
  most of the best universities are in usa and usa is a good place to make business in ... is it a fucking surprise that a lot of the hi-tech companies are innovating in american soil ? 
  however , that has very little to do with how civilized the population is ... 
  some people are indeed `` educated '' in some field , but that does n't mean they know what asia is or what are dogs . 
  and no , i 'm not saying all europeans are automatically superior . 
  there are a lot idiots here as well . 
  there are a lot of uneducated folks here as well ... 
  but generally , europeans are a lot more civilized and actually have some general knowledge . 
  even their customs are not as pretentious as american ones ... 
  these people here cling on to single equality issues as if they are some incomprehensible obstacles that will instantly nullify every other `` good '' thing a country has done ... 
  they never look at the big picture ... was switzerland an evil country full of suffering and oppression before 1991 ? 
  no it was n't . 
  it was a civilized western country with different political and societal climate . 
  so no matter how literate and educated and well-being a country is , it just can not be civilized if women ca n't vote ... cuz magic ??? 
  that makes very little sense . 
  are we somehow * more * civilized then if we allow kids and animals and severely mentally disabled people to vote in addition to women and minorities ? 
  and what comes to usa being uncivilized , have you ever discussed with americans ? 
  do you have any idea how narrow their field of knowledge is ? 
  do you know how expensive education is in usa and how few actually educate themselves to become educated instead of just getting prerequisites for good paying jobs ... 
  correct . 
  countries do n't just magically become civilized when/if they decide to give women suffrage or do something else comparable ... women have suffrage in usa , yet usa is the opposite of a civilized nation . 
  what matters is the education and the actual decisions the country is making ... not the fact are kids or women or dogs or men the ones doing the voting ... 
  oh dog is this retarded ... foreign people coming here and whining when they are seen as foreigners ... foreign people coming here and equating our society to their completely different american society ... foreign people coming here and seeing issues in things that are not issues ... my question is ... why even come here if you obviously have no understanding of our culture and society ? 
  nothing to do with being civilized ... 
  well , i 'm sure you could get 0.00 $ an hour if you wished so , so technically this is right :d, 
  yes you can , estonia , 
  but some are artificial and shallow , and others are universal . 
  our environment is valuable to us by default . 
  who gives a fuck about the '' `` scientific value '' '' ? 
  forests are part of nature and nature is valuable * per se * . 
  there is no need to create artificial reasons not to hack all the forests down ... 
  traditions . 
  that 's called being weak . 
  `` alt-right '' ... stop referring to european politics with american terms . 
  good luck getting an independence for a certain area if there 's no uniting factors among the people and no one even feels like they should be a nation ... 
  yet without such , you would still be part of russia . 
  it is n't , but is it not abuse to chop off your child 's foreskin ? 
  what do we learn ? 
  americans and africans are both primitive barbarians . 
  yeah , so let 's imprison the majority of american parents !, 
  bunch of child abusers and monsters !, 
  this is what happens when you take people from distant and completely different cultures to your own country ... 
  because those children love their parents , just like circumcized americans love theirs ... 
  who mostly support putin ? 
  at least someone gets it ... 
  says sweden lol, 
  halla-aho became the new leader of the finns party and even though he was committed to the government 's current line , the government still decided they can not cooperate with them anymore . 
  no one is being * radical * right wing here ... 
  our right is not your retarded right ... 
  yeah , but can you be called a murderer if your victim dies week later due leaving the hospital and using drugs ? 
  well , money is not really the top priority in my life . 
  after the fight when he was in treatment . 
  well , to his defense , the victim of this case left the hospital in multiple occasions while also taking all kinds of drugs . 
  yeah , because people must not be allowed to have self-governance !, 
  estonia should be part of russia !, 
  ireland should be part of uk !, 
  drive faster or stop being an impatient fucker ... 
  yeah , but their emissions would still rise no matter what ... 
  so what ? 
  does that mean it 's somehow good for the environment that everyone in africa will eventually emit that much co2 ? 
  oh you silly west europeans ... 
  good luck with the paris agreement and combating the climate change ... 
  i 'm pretty sure the middle-east wants to settle their shit alone without western intervention ... 
  yeah , join the muricans in their quest for controlling the world . 
  urban forest ... what a joke . 
  not really , although many indeed are . 
  yeah , bring politics into everything . 
  that 's 71 000 too many ... 
  false .
