  why would a military need mentally or physically incapable people ? 
  do you understand that if our world would be solely based around what people * want * to do , no one would do anything worthwhile nor any social order could be upheld ...  people should n't be forced to join the military . 
  it 's a big responsibility , and it may mean having to kill someone or die . 
  nobody should be forced to take that responsibility . 
  oh boy , you should kill people who are killing you and your people : oo how horrifying is that ?? 
  almost as horrifying as self-defense if someone is assaulting you . 
  you do n't need a military career to be able to defend your country ... 
   do you agree with indoctrination of children ? 
  obviously not to this extent ...  you do realize modern nationalism differs from late 19th century / early 20th century . 
  the nationalists of 1918 were farmer soldiers and heroes . 
  modern day nationalists are demagogues - wolves hiding among sheep , promising a mythical pagan land of wonder where everyone is pale white , talks in latvian without an accent and become erect when they hear the anthem . 
  yeah right ... 
  somehow modern nationalists are entirely different than nationalists in the past . 
  magic , right ? 
   pointing out `` if '' as its some swear word is hilarious to me . 
  latvia is more free than finland in this one simple aspect - because even if we might be fucked during an invasion , and even if it is positive for the development of young finns ( i lived in finland and talked to the locals ) , we do have the freedom of choice to participate in military , national guard and paramilitary groups . 
  your state forces you to - and you revel in it . 
  a state should not force people to participate in the military - the citizens should flock to it . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  our nation is able to defend itself , yours is not . 
  if we 'd want total and absolute freedom , we would have an anarchy . 
  but we do n't want that . 
  we are willing to trade some of our `` freedoms '' to a secure and well-being country . 
  we are not that self-centered you know . 
  our own personal desires are not always the center of the universe . 
  what kind of a country is n't willing to even defend itself ? 
  what kind of people it inhabits ? 
  just asking ... 
   live your life , and join the military when you 're of age if you want to . 
  yeah , live your life happily in a bubble , no war will ever break out , join the military * if * you specifically want to . 
  and then the war breaks out and your people are catching fucking butterflies . 
  gg :d do you know that your country would n't even exist without nationalism ? 
  they just did , and now they 're in power :d, 
   time to emigrate . 
  again . 
  and thanks to attitudes like this , countries * need * patriotic leadership . 
  do you know what fascism is ? 
  at least 20 % of austrians disagree , 
  please , that 's just stupid ... 
  it 's like saying leftists support communism because they are on the left . 
  more like the times when women were allowed to be called `` women '' without assuming their gender and so on ... 
  i know it 's pretty far-fetched at this point , but how long would it be that way if there was no conservative attitudes in the west ? 
  i 've never heard `` family values '' used as a homophobic thing ... 
  his left hand looks like it 's from a cartoon ... 
  sweden did have a fairly decent and self-sufficient military back in the day . 
  it 's not like they had won a total war against germany , but they most certainly would have caused great casualties . 
  only the jews count ? 
  because equating racism to dictatorship is the pinnacle of intelligence , right ? 
  so does supporting the left . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know , stalin ? 
  and that makes him a prick ? 
  lol, 
  ah , typical leftists  ), 
  why is he a prick ? 
  sounds pretty logical to me . 
  here in finland , people who earn like 2500 $ a month and still live on rent often consider themselves `` middle-class '' . 
  but while american middle-class must have enough cash to pay for education and healthcare and all that shit , finns have it guaranteed already . 
  almost as cringy as german guilt over things that happened 80 years ago . 
  two wrongs does n't make it right . 
  that 's why we are not allied with russia or nato . 
  yeah , you better be sorry !, 
   [ translation in the comments ] no translation in comments ... 
  no , but i remember how they helped destroying libya . 
  well , our government is planning to cut one billion from our education and our country is less than 10 % of france by population ... 
  this would be funny if people would n't whine about the chilly summers 24/7 ... 
  without world wars , we would n't probably have eu and would still constantly compete with each other . 
  wwi and wwii worked as a certain wake up call . 
  not even the plague wants to visit poland : dd, 
  the only good thing about tourism is the boost for economy . 
  otherwise it 's nothing but destruction of culture and environment . 
  til that serbians , nazis , bolsheviks , tamil tigers and los zetas are all just like isis . 
  i do n't know why . 
  why ? 
  un operations in balkans were a total disaster ... 
  i have a book about finnish peacekeeping operations all around the world and they said they were not even allowed to return fire if they were shot at by a sniper the balkans . 
  `` just like isis '' except different from every other aspect than genocide ... 
  it 's interesting how much poland geographically moved to west after wwii . 
   what does turkey and russia have anything to do with this ? 
  they suppress/jail/kill protesters as well . 
  i 'm not defending their quality , but if someone is happy with his gifted shitty headphones , i do n't mind . 
  is russia communist ? 
  i 'd be happy if i got free decent headphones ... 
  but instead of looking cool and dangerous with all those runes and skulls , they look weak and stupid . 
  but us is 3rd world . 
   how the fuck ca n't you care about the soundquality of your headphones ? 
  it also completely invalidates your opinion on headphones in general . 
  not everyone is an audiophile ... 
  surprise surprise , 3rd world country is a 3rd world country . 
  there 's no trash in the tuska because all of it is on the stage  ), 
  who the fuck said anything about coal plants ? 
  are you a bit dull or what ? 
   dark ages could never happen today . 
  we are a global society and when stuff is discovered in china it 's easily learned in uruguay . 
  and then it just happens and nobody saw it coming ( except maybe / r/collapse ) ? 
  one big energy crisis and some unexpected environmental disaster and we are fucked . 
  our complex infrastructure would wither in front of our very eyes . 
  stuff would become scarce . 
  you could n't rely on electricity anymore ... a new dark age is completely plausible . 
  if it has happened once , there 's no reason to believe it could n't happen again .
