  okay , so the people should just accept that they will never ever get to govern themselves just because someone somewhere decided so ? 
  in the context of our modern capitalist world ... 
  but it 's true . 
  yes . 
  there are greedy people who are given everything by the state for free for their whole life and still they decide to leave because of their hunger of wealth . 
  in the end it 's just good . 
  we do n't need scum like that here . 
  nice to see nordics being rational and sane . 
  so people do n't have right for self-governance even if they wanted that ? 
  why ? 
  why should they be part of a country they do n't want to be ? 
  why ca n't they govern themselves ? 
  why should they be punished for that ? 
  ours is worse , they have n't offered us a chance to leave the eu . 
  palace of culture and science looks so beautiful ... 
  there are plenty of races . 
  no , he 's 100 % serious ... 
  how come you do n't grow your own weed ? 
  here in finland , almost all weed is homegrown . 
  the only high nordics tolerate is their moral high ground  ), 
  tourism is a destructive force , both for the culture and the environment . 
  the only `` good '' that comes out of it is wealth , and people love wealth ... 
  you trigger me for using that american term that has nothing to do with europe ... 
  well , yeah , that 's true . 
  i was thinking about nazis and such and alt-right is not * that * far right . 
  well , that was maybe a bit retarded . 
  alt-right is `` far right '' , but not in a same manner as neo-nazis or fascists are . 
  alt-right is not far right ... 
  but still very far from the european right . 
  alt-right is a retarded american term for a retarded american ideology ... 
  nothing to do with europe , nothing to do with european right . 
  there is european culture . 
  it may not be as strong as our national cultures , but it certainly exists . 
  it may work in the netherlands , but not in a country the size of germany that has 5.5 million inhabitants ... distances are extremely long in the countryside . 
  using nukes would be a diplomatic and political suicide . 
  good luck fighting against a military invasion with a group of lawyers . 
  yeah , defending your people and their right for self-governance from an outside invader is just a `` high risk job '' ... just a job . 
  if i want to do a normal job , i 'll do it for money . 
  if i want to defend my country , i 'll do it because i love my country and its people . 
  thank god in my country , people are not as distanced from the military like they are in most western european countries nowadays ... 
  many people and cultures see it as sick human behavior . 
  such mindsets are hard to relate when you live in a society where they 're so widely condemned . 
  but it 's the reality and there 's not much you can do about it . 
  freedom of opinion is among the core european values . 
  where does this thinking stem from that if you vote for traditional marriage , you are suddenly a homophobe ? 
  and when we put all of our focus to not doing the same `` evil '' as our ancestors did centuries ago in a different kind of world , we end up doing another kind of evil in modern times ... 
  there is no point in feeling guilt over stuff that happened long before any of us lived by people who have been long gone ... 
  they were n't evil people . 
  they just lived in a different world where their actions were accepted and often even necessary . 
  they lived in a world where having colonies was crucial for a country to stay relevant . 
  they lived in a world where slavery was common . 
  they lived in a world where women `` knew their place '' . 
  and so on ... we are not morally superior to them as humans . 
  we are just as susceptible to atrocities as our ancestors were . 
  not in a same manner , but in the context of our own modern world . 
  if we only look at our past and think `` oh boy we were cruel back then !, 
  we should never become the same again !, 
  '' , we may not become the same , but we may also not realize the future effects of our current actions . 
  yeah , certainly looks like it . 
  because you live in a fucking democracy where people can have different views and they 're allowed to express them . 
  that is why you should accept it . 
  what comes to putting down the rights of others , what would be the `` right '' thing to vote if there 's a vote for abolishing some of the libel laws of germany ? 
  are you a bigoted and discriminatory little fuck for taking away the freedom of speech if you vote for `` no '' ? 
  or if you vote `` yes '' , are you a mean cocksucker who just wants to insult vulnerable people ? 
  well , you ca n't blame anyone else but yourself for your own fears . 
  here we go ... 
  someone else 's opinions and views are wrong while mine are right . 
  if you want to get along with people other than just edgy teenagers ( or grown ups acting like ones ) , i advice you to accept that people do hold different views in this world and some of them may not always please you . 
  what happens after everything illegal has been legalized ? 
  are we at the peak of civilization and `` progressiveness '' at that point and stay there ? 
  okay , so she should 've been dishonest about his views to please you ? 
  at least she enabled the fucking vote ... 
  if we are `` progressive '' by legalizing cannabis , are we super `` progressive '' if we legalize other drugs as well ? 
  so how we can become even more progressive after that ? 
  `` progressive '' ... are we the most progressive people in the world if we allow all drugs to be sold for all ages and so on ? 
  well , i like gaming , and that is the problem . 
  linux is also a lot less user friendly . 
  and that 's why we should n't have a cashless society :d, 
  people would just move to cryptocoins like bitcoin . 
  or just use cash which is more readily available . 
  yeah , but those leave a mark and therefore you could n't pay your neighbor to fix your car because it would be moonlighting . 
  well , even if the average would be 20 celsius , people would still whine ... 
  i miss win xp . 
  way more practical and lighter than newer windows models ... 
  judging by the amount of people i know who have illegal weapons , i doubt it . 
  swedish  ), 
  there most definitely is a correlation between guns and gun related crime , but that does n't mean every country is like usa if they allow people to carry firearms . 
  but usa is not the czech-republic . 
  they have a number of other issues that create a different outcome when combined with loose gun laws . 
  well , it 's not nice to see your country becoming a mix of something alien that you have nothing in common with except your species ... 
  nations allow different peoples to have self-governance and that allows them to create a stable , united and well-being civilization with unique culture ... 
  nationalism is the key to achieve this . 
  so i guess the 1.3 billion muslims on this planet are all anti-human ? 
  that 's a quite big assumption ... 
   right , it might be cheap and reliable , but does it get the job done ??? 
  in modern war , technological advances matter more than just raw steel and gunpowder . 
  you can also bring t-34 from world war 2 to battle , its cheap and reliable , but how much will it do against a enemy with modern tanks ?? 
  modern warfare has very much in common with old warfare . 
  it 's still a matter of tactics , determination , morale , equipment , manpower , technology , geography , innovation etc. 
  you do n't win a war by having the most expensive and over-engineered equipment in the world .
