so if you do n't want welfare , your stuff wo n't get confiscated ? 
  if so , i do n't see why this is so bad . 
  i 've actually been in the states ... and yes , americans are stupid . 
  both the '' `` educated '' '' ones and the southerners . 
  all americans are equally stupid . 
  do n't try to act like you 're better ... 
  well , you only need one male to impregnate all the women in the world , while a single female can only get impregnated once at a time . 
  so women are more irreplaceable . 
  when i was in school , there was precisely two black pupils , and they were n't even immigrants . 
  now , 7-10 years later , when i walk the same neighborhoods , i see black kids and arabian kids almost every time . 
  i mean , there 's still not that many of them , but the number has increased like a tenfold :d, 
  pretty much . 
  but that does n't change the fact that americans are idiots . 
  true , you 're just incredibly stupid . 
  because people are sooo upset about what 's happening in charlottesville . 
  trump just condemned all the violence ? 
  but of course condemning all the violence equally is not good , only one side should be condemned !, 
  your country has always been ridiculous ... 
   we 've all hated nazis our entire lives just like the rest of the free world : ) yeah , because hating people is always so constructive !, 
  sorry , but here in the civilized free world , primal hate is way rarer than in the usa . 
  go away . 
  we do n't need your barbarianism here in the civilized world . 
   i do n't care . 
  they are shitty people . 
  how many of them you personally know ? 
  i know a few and they 're cool people . 
  people who call certain groups of people `` shitty people '' from their own bubbles always reminds me of some sort of immaturity or social anxiety . 
  as if you 're too afraid to meet people whose opinions make you feel a bit `` uncomfortable '' , and rather just go back to your comfort zone and seek comfort by saying `` their bad ppl , i do n't have to hear them !! '' ... 
  every person like that i know is way sadder and generally way less open minded and civilized than the people who have the spine to meet different people and accept their worldviews . 
  they do n't take politics in to everything and they focus on things that actually matter . 
  they are rational people . 
  they are civilized people . 
  unlike you . 
  how many people did this drunk american kill ? 
  oh yeah , and communists also start collectivizing our food the minute we say a bad word about them !, 
  / s you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  people are delusional and that 's exactly why shit is hitting the fan all around the west . 
  far-right extremism is just a symptom , not the cause . 
  leftists are not fascists , they 're just young and naive . 
  neither is punching leftists . 
   fact : sometimes people need to get their asses kicked . 
  no they do n't . 
  otherwise that justifies violence like seen in charlottesville . 
  this is common fucking sense ... do n't people have it anymore ? 
  i should be proud that we sucked in every real sport , but succeeded in playing a fucking videogame ? 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  breaking news : europeans are civilized , americans are not . 
  so marring a black person is just fine but marrying a muslim is not ? 
  and even being an arab does n't mean you 're a conservative muslim ... 
  you make it sound like all muslims are devout ... 
  i mean , i 'm friends with precisely two muslims and neither of them are very devout ones . 
  i do n't see them converting their girlfriends to shit ... 
  greenland is north-america, 
   ussr was supposed to surpass the usa by 1980 lol, 
  lol ? 
  my phone 's connection is 2mbs and enough for almost everything else than watching stuff in 1080p . 
  10mb 's is way enough for even that . 
  you can do all that with a 10mbs connection or probably even less . 
  what kind of stuff ? 
  downloading 4k vr porn in a lossless format ? 
  well , maybe if they 're all uneducated and uncivilized barbarians . 
   the current plan is to build an army with one major premise that there will be no war . 
  an army is always built with the premise that a war can break out . 
  that 's the whole point of a military ... 
  til that swastika is really called a nazi hate graffiti . 
  but why do you need 18mbs internet in a train ? 
  yeah and of course you misspelled finland . 
  well , i do n't know are they good or bad from an objective perspective , but i personally hate them . 
  most likely not ... maybe as a small minority , but not much else . 
  there is no magical force that preserves cultures and languages under another bigger culture . 
  that 's why smaller cultures are going extinct all around the world when people assimilate to their parent cultures . 
  being an independent and self-governing nation is the best safeguard to preserve one 's cultural identity . 
  yeah , maybe you would be hungarian if hungary was permanently conquered by its neighboring countries , but what about your grand-children ? 
  what force makes them consider themselves hungarian if they 're part of croatia , their services are in croatian , their education is croatian and their nationality is croatian ? 
  without independence , your people would not exist . 
  you would be romanians , slovakians , croatians , serbians ... god knows what . 
  watched two seconds until i heard the finnish dub . 
  yes it very much does ... 
  so what ? 
  that 's not a reason for my country to lose its independence ... 
  sure , if you value money more than self-governance ... 
  i think i like germans after all . 
  yeah , only when those 10 billion people have the same standard of living as the west has ... and how much have the ~ 2 billion people in the west polluted already with their standard of living ? 
  so much that it has caused a fucking climate change ... 
  many aspects of the finnish culture and society have their roots in christianity , and therefore it 's better to be `` officially '' christian than religiously free multicultural little shit . 
  it 's still religious , the religion just changed from christianity to capitalism  ), 
  well , you already pay your foreign employees a salary that would be considered slavery in your own country , so i do n't think it really changes anything if you treat them like slaves as well ... 
  when the system allows such exploitation , it 's first and foremost the fault of the system . 
  but yeah , this guy is an asshole , no doubt about it . 
  no they wo n't because western companies bring taxes and wealth to romania and that 's why they rather keep the companies there instead of listening the exploited people . 
  hate the game , not the player . 
  * british anthem starts playing *, 
  every country in the union could have their own national armed forces , but they would all use the same equipment and they would cooperate very closely . 
  on top of that , there could be some professional 30 000 - 100 000 men readiness unit that is more mobile and well-equipped and would work as the first line of defense if an unexpected conflict happens . 
  it would consist of the very best individuals who have shown exceptional combat skills and motivation during their conscription . 
  and that 232 000 was raised to 280 000 just a while ago . 
  finland alone has 280 000 reserve personnel in the military ... 
  pure gold . 
  well , people who act in a mature way and have their shit together . 
  no person i know under 25 is like that .
