  maybe not on global scale , but in large scale nonetheless . 
  stop living in a fantasy where modern world is somehow immune to those numerous of things that has made civilizations to crumble throughout human history ... 
  there was also a time when it was unthinkable that roman empire would someday collapse and never unite again ... 
  because electricity  food, 
   at least hydropower doesnt causes global warming and does n't harm living creatures . 
  because all the materials , their transportation and the huge amount of work that is required to build a big dam cause noooo pollution right ??? 
  and it causes noooo environmental issues that very little of the shit that flows freely in a healthy river can pass through hydroplant which deprives the river from oxygen , nutrients and marine life in general ??? 
   why do you even use reddit if you do n't like this way of life lol . 
  because i 'm part of the fucking problem , just like anyone else in the west ... 
  but at least i acknowledge it . 
  no , i 'm just using your own retarded logic ... hydropower can be extremely devastating for the ecosystem , depending on its size of course , and it 's also extremely ugly in the middle of a beautiful natural landscape . 
  all this because we want more and more energy to sustain our unsustainable lifestyle . 
  `` this coal plant heavily pollutes only a smart part of our country , not all of it '', 
  hydroelectricity is a good source of pretty clean energy , but it 's ugly and disrupts the harmony of nature . 
  to extent it 's cool , but it 's not a subject of celebration if it 's increased solely to get more energy ... we should decrease our need for energy in the first place . 
  it destroys the beautiful nature . 
  but of course that does n't matter for your average western person who lives in a city and has barely even seen nature ... 
  if a fish needs a fucking tube to swim in a river , it 's a sign that the river has indeed been ruined by a hydroelectric plant ... 
  why would i be joking ? 
  i do n't like that our beautiful nature is destroyed by the endless search for new energy . 
  roman empire ... 
  you would take away a large part of their independence which means the people would have less control over their own countries . 
  uk already left the eu even though eu is not even a federation ... how many other countries would leave if eu would centralize even more ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the west is fucking terrified over few terrorist attacks ... 
  weakness shines through the west and your average westerner , and it 's naive to think they would n't be utterly shocked when their little comfy bubble gets hit by numerous of terrorist attacks . 
  and meanwhile their beautiful rivers and streams are enslaved to energy production to fulfill the population 's materialist greed ... 
  good luck destroying the distinct cultures of different european countries especially when their populations will greatly oppose it . 
  what happened last time when europe was united under one rule ? 
  it collapsed after few centuries , causing the dark ages of europe . 
  smaller independent units are easier to control than huge and complex empires . 
  finnish sausage * buy finnish sausage * go to sauna * grill the sausage * put some mustard on it * eat the sausage, 
  ecosystems are vital for the well-being of the environment ? 
  if it was male-only , there would n't be much sexual harassment towards women either ... 
  i guess the same problem plagues all of western world ... 
  the youth flees the more rural areas to bigger cities for education and work while the elders stay and must be taken care of somehow . 
  pretty sad in my opinion . 
  primeval forest is a lot richer ecosystem ... 
  i hope we do n't destroy our beautiful rivers with hydro plants ... 
  but it 's all managed forest ... only a tiny bit is true primeval forest and only 50 % of them is protected . 
  i do n't understand why people rather have their asses covered in badly wiped shit instead of wetting their asses with a bidet . 
  it 's fucking disgusting . 
  in my opinion , the best solution would 've been some `` registered relationship '' or whatever it is with the same benefits and rights as people who are married . 
  naming it `` same sex * marriage * '' really did rustle some jimmies among people who have the traditional view on marriage . 
  `` backwards '' ... lol, 
  islamic world = conservative eastern europe = conservative and that 's pretty much the only thing that 's similar between ee and me . 
  pretty normal lol, 
  yeah if you ca n't adapt to your surroundings . 
  because people could finally practice their religion without oppression and therefore it became more popular . 
  of course it 's emotionally driven when they have their own language and their own culture that can not fully flourish under another country . 
  it 's not about better conditions , it 's about independence . 
  would you rather live with your parents , enjoying higher standard of living , or live independently ? 
   what if 3 towns around where you live declarwe themselves independent ? 
  what if those 3 towns there are some public services you and your neighbours partially paid with your taxes , and now you can not access thos public services because they unilaterally declared themselves independent ? 
  completely irrelevant since towns near me are not planning to declare an independence . 
  they consider themselves finnish and see finland as their home country . 
   also , `` occupier '' ? 
  this is the 21st century , pal . 
  catalonia and castille united to become spain in the 15th century and yes , like in many other coutries in the world and all across history , we have agreed and disagreed about things and have had better and worse times but today both entities are integrated and parts of the same thing . 
  catalonians obviously disagree :d  spain does not opress catalonia . 
  catalonia has rights to their own identity that surpass not only most other self government across the world but also common sense if you ask me . 
  so join finland then . 
  we promise you we allow you to keep your own identity !, 
  do you understand that no matter how much catalonians have freedoms for their culture , they are still under another country and obviously dislike it . 
   poloticians in catalonia whant more power , catalonia wants to not have to contribute in solidarity with the rest of regions in spain . 
  full stop . 
  the rest of the international comunity sees this and this is why they have repeatedly said they are not entitled to self determination under international law . 
  they should say the same for spain and make it part of finland . 
  why not join finland then if independence means nothing ? 
  without appealing to patriotism or nationalism ? 
  but the catalonians are obviously appealing to those since they want their people to have self-governance . 
  it is required to unify people . 
  in most cases the desire for self-governance goes well beyond materialistic values such as wealth , especially when we talk about minorities that have their own language , customs , and culture . 
  if you 're a paid slave , would you give a fuck about the two nickels you 'd lose for escaping to freedom ? 
  of course rationally evaluating the real effects of a secession is always necessary and hiding and twisting the truth by the leaders of the movement is definitely not right . 
  in my opinion it 's also questionable to declare independence if only like 50.5 % of your people voted for it . 
  all in all , this whole discussion is pretty much pointless when the real fact is that catalonians are eager to become independent . 
  that 's all what matters in the end and it 's not morally right to overlook their desires . 
  they are not separate entities . 
  there is only spain . 
  no catalonia . 
  spanish culture is the dominant one . 
  spain is the one in control . 
  spanish people are the ones who can look at the map and say `` that is my country ! '' . 
  catalonians ca n't . 
  even if they have a great degree of sovereignty , they 're not fully sovereign . 
  anyways , it 's pointless to discuss what 's catalonia 's '' `` justification '' '' or reason to become independent . 
  it 's completely irrelevant . 
  it 's up to catalonians are they happy under spain or do they desire their own country . 
  and it just happens to be that they want the latter thing . 
  that 's what makes the difference . 
  nothing . 
  but if catalonians want to be in charge of their own destiny , why ca n't they be ? 
  why should different peoples and cultures be under someone else 's control against their own will ? 
  different cultures and peoples exist and they generally want to govern themselves , not to be governed someone else . 
   why would it be good for catalonia to be an independent state ? 
  because catalonians want to be one ? 
  it 's not black and white , but it 's kind of silly to say `` u cant govern urselves , someone somewhere says u must do as ur occupier says '' to a part of nation that wants to get independent . 
  what if they declare themselves independent regardless of that ? 
  must we form a coalition and invade them ?
