  you do n't win a war by sending massive human waves against a smaller opponent . 
  you do n't win a war by ordering a mechanized assault through a mountain range . 
  t-34 would most likely have very little use in modern war , but the thing is that t-72 is not t-34 . 
   saddan hussein tried to do that against americans in the gulf war ... you know what happened ?? 
  he was not given a chance to even shoot , their tanks were taken out before they even had a chance to fire back . 
  85mm tank gun from world war 2 also can do plenty of damage against anything , but the thing is if you enemy has more advanced weapons , you wont have a chance to use it . 
  in gulf war , t-55 's and t-72 's had no chance to do it , most of them got wrecked before even firing anything at anyone . 
  that 's because iraqi army was utterly shit from every aspect other than size . 
  they hardly maintained their outdated equipment , they did n't have competent leadership , their troops were demoralized and they did n't have any idea of how to wage war . 
  usa was a polar opposite . 
  so is russia . 
  they actually have military doctrines that work . 
  they actually have competent leadership and military strategists . 
  they actually have modern technology which they know how to utilize . 
  the situation is completely different . 
  americans could n't snipe russian t-72 's beyond their range because they would n't sit in open trenches in the middle of a desert . 
  americans could n't bomb everything to pieces because russia has state of the art air defense system and capable ( albeit small ) air force . 
   and here we come back to that military budget problem . 
  americans are not the only ones who have very advanced tanks and weapons that will outrange russian stuff , only thing russia has is raw numbers . 
  and that frankly is not worth much these days yeah it is n't , but the thing is that russia has a lot more than just raw numbers . 
  they have well trained readiness units , they have state of the art technology in areas that need it , they have tons of modernized and entirely capable soviet-era equipment , they have experience and long military traditions . 
   air superiority is far more important thing than territory you 're going to hold . 
  airborne division can be transferred fast from place a to place b in pretty much instant . 
  also given russia 's geographical location it 's not hard to push over flat terrain . 
  territory creates security and russia has always relied on it when it comes to fighting against an invader . 
  how easy was it for napolean or hitler to push over russian flat terrain ? 
  what comes to air superiority , how are you going to maintain it on an area as big as russia , especially when you have one of the best anti-air systems in the world against you ? 
   russia has no global relevance . 
  yeah , keep telling yourself that . 
  * attacking an opponent 's character rather than answering his argument . 
  * i did answer your argument and before that i called you a silly fuck . 
   it 's not western nation , neither it is considered as western nation . 
  not even russians consider themselves a western nation . 
  oh really ? 
  read a fucking history book ... 
  they are part of europe and they are part of the christian world . 
  they have followed western ideologies and adopted western traditions and customs throughout their existence ... 
  even if they may oppose some aspects of the modern `` western '' culture that is dominated by the usa , they are still very much a western country ...  because ussr was a superpower , russia is not a superpower . 
  do you understand ussr was made out of 15 different countries ? 
  of which russia was the biggest one and had the most influence and power in ussr . 
   again you do n't know what 3rd world countries mean . 
  their gdp is lower than india 's . 
  and their population is 10 % of that of india ... how many russians do you see shitting on the streets ? 
  well , india will become a true giant at some point , but they are still very underdeveloped in many aspects . 
   given how much more natural resources they have than norway : 26,490 $ ( russia ) vs 69,249 $ ( norway ) says it all where they putting their money , doing same mistake as ussr did . 
  russia 's economy is not very diverse , especially compared to countries like norway , but it 's not a banana state either . 
   ussr , not russia . 
  ussr was led by russia and russians . 
   they still ca n't project their influence globally other than small neighbouring nations through warfare that alienates them more than helps to expand influence in region . 
  is syria their neighboring country ? 
   that means nothing in modern world . 
  yeah , absolutely nothing . 
  it 's all the same is your country a small city-state or a large empire having half of the planet within its borders ... who cares about silly resources and sheer size , completely irrelevant . 
  i mean yeah , size is not the most important aspect when it comes to global relevance , but it still matters ...  9th by population ... 
  so nigeria and pakistan is now relevant to everyday politics too ? 
  no , you silly fuck . 
  i have just stated around million and one reasons why russia is still relevant , population being one of them . 
  those same reasons do not count to pakistan or nigeria ...  economy that is built on natural resources extraction just like middle eastern and african countries are , once reserves are out , good luck with that `` economy '' . 
  given their potential they 're super behind on what they could have been . 
  except that russia is not a 3rd world country . 
  it 's an industrialized western nation , with a lot of resources . 
  do you understand that ussr competed with us for several decades ? 
  do you understand that it 's not possible by just exporting natural resources like resource-rich 3rd world countries do ? 
   saudi arabia has invested more money in their military , than russia . 
  i think thats saying something . 
  yeah , it says that saudi-arabia is investing more money to military than russia . 
  do you think warfare is all about money ? 
  russia has decades of more military tradition than saudi-arabia and they produce pretty much all of their equipment in their own soil . 
   russia counts as powerful right now , because of all the leftover weapons and tanks they have from soviet era . 
  and those things are getting older each year , and russia doesnt have the money to replace them with modern weapons . 
  if russia is willing to invest in something , it 's their military ... 
  so money has never been an issue ( well , maybe in the 1990 's ) for russia . 
  the thing is that they do n't have to replace all of their soviet-era equipment because it 's built to last ... 
  there 's a reason why my country also utilizes old soviet equipment to the fullest : it 's cheap , it 's reliable and it gets the job done . 
  not many western apc 's costs 18 000 $ per unit like mt-lb did when we bought them from sweden ... russia is constantly modernizing their military in areas that require modernization . 
  even if most of their military consists of conscripts and older soviet-era equipment , they still have extremely well trained and modern readiness units as well in their military . 
   you can boast about your mighty t-72 tank army only for so long , until people realise they are old outdated shits that pose no danger . 
  yeah , let me shoot you to your face with a 125mm tank cannon and let 's see will it pose any danger ...  to give a comparison - usa has 8000 m1 abrams tanks ( all of which are modern machines with latest technology ) , while russia has something like 500 t-90 's and 300 t-72b3 ( that barely pass as '' modern '' machines ) . 
  the rest of their inventory are old garbage from 1970 's . 
  yeah , and that 's why american military costs ten times more ... 
  maintaining such military would be an economic suicide for a country like russia . 
  like i said , usa has been the global leader in pretty much everything for the last 100 years . 
  but when we compare russian military to that of european countries , it 's far superior . 
  and probably way more cost-efficient than american military ... 
  eu consists of 28 independent nations ... 
  it does n't even have its own military . 
  china on the other hand is already huge , but still very underdeveloped in many aspects . 
  usa , well , usa has been global leader in everything for the past 100 years ... russia was the second most powerful country in the world less than 30 years ago ... 
  they still have the second most powerful military in the world and they are even pretty much self-sufficient when it comes to military equipment . 
  russia is the biggest country by area and ninth biggest by population . 
  it has an enormous amount of natural resources and pretty large and developed economy . 
  russia might not be as relevant as they were 50 years ago , but whether you like it or not , they are still pretty relevant . 
  green dog car . 
  that 's also an idiom that makes no sense . 
  behind the times ... do you even understand how stupid it is to say something like that ? 
  it 's impossible to be `` behind the times '' ... countries that have n't adopted same-sex marriage just have n't adopted it . 
  adopting stuff like that wo n't magically bring your country `` forward '' in time ... 
  it makes no sense . 
  cuz money  cultural heritage what a sad world we live in . 
  and its size , and its resources , and its military , and its previous position as a global superpower ...
