so why are you putting migrants in berlin ? 
  i considered working in berlin company once . 
  i planned to work in berlin and sleep in some close city like bernau . 
  the communication is excellent ( 30 min by very good quality trains if i recall correctly ) so it was an obvious decision . 
  do migrants really must live in berlin ? 
  that 's actually stupid . 
  there is much greater chance of devastation by homeless people than by refugees or even economic migrants . 
  many of homeless people are people on the bottom of the life - degenerated or demotivated or alcoholics or junkies sometimes thieves or other criminals . 
  most of them are not `` less fortunate '' - they are living the lives they have chosen . 
  not all of them but much too many to say that they are more entitled to live in luxury apartments - even temporarily . 
  i hate this phrase and never used it without sarcasm on-line but your opinion was actually very racist . 
  wo n't this high class flat become not so high class flat in no time ? 
  do they even plan to pay compensation for lost value ? 
   huge humanitarian catastrophe many sources say that around 20 % of migrants are actually related to this catastrophe . 
  will you throw out the other 80 % or send them to poland ? 
  just like mr tusk who i believe actively acted against polish interests in this conflict . 
  they sold us . 
  they will now go to the parliamentary opposition position for some years . 
  the party leaders will survive other members are not important opportunists . 
  you were just spit in your faces by a false ally , we were actually betrayed by our own government . 
  omg , i instantly want to visit croatia . 
  when german government and media started to humiliate poland and other post communist members of the eu my eyes opened and this eye opening was n't very pleasant for me . 
  i feel very sorry for greek people and would like to admit that i was totally fooled by the german narration . 
  how did germany change in so short time from a country with rational approach to foreign politics to one that is bullying weaker countries ? 
  they are n't much more rational than mr putin and this is truly worrying . 
  i actually know a spaniard who is working in it industry who after two years in poland spoke polish with excellent accent and making only subtle mistakes . 
  he may however be a very talented exception . 
  you see , romanians ? 
  everything will be good in some 15-20 years  on the other hand , it is pretty elevating that in case of most nations , opinion about them has improved . 
  somehow , i feel good about that , 
  you want an average jan to care about history or maybe know something outside his field of specialization ? 
  jan does n't give a frack . 
  it is always a sadly small part of societies which cares about history , honour and honesty . 
  this is why romania has a so bad reputation and poland has not much better one . 
  at least romanians are n't constantly accused of antisemitism like we are . 
  `` they are '' just thieves and beggars ( the stereotype for polish people is n't much better - for the same reason ) . 
  more social country ? 
  lack of soviet imprint ? 
  lithuanian and polish nationalists does n't help it , too . 
  these opinions are simply not always symmetric . 
  for example , i believe that we are pretty disliked by germans , especially in eastern lands and most of polish people still somehow respect them and their country ( this results in this 0,21 opinion ) . 
  well , after recent hostile approach of german government and press , the opinion may be a little lower . 
  i always suspected that we are tolerated as long as we do n't defend our own interests , now it seems to be confirmed . 
  obviously not included in the study , but do n't worry , you are in a good company of portuguese , finish , latvian , scottish and danish people . 
  the study obviously could n't include all european nations because it would probably influence its accurateness ( `` too many nations , i do n't have time for that '' ) . 
  they had to choose and they have chosen . 
  on the other hand , the study is pretty old and the last year had some events which could significantly change opinions . 
  i am curious how would it look currently . 
  yeah , i believe that people in poland does n't have negative feelings against actual ( non-gypsy ) romanians . 
  many however do not know that romanians and roma are different ethnic groups . 
  if you do n't know any romanian but you saw dozens of romas and did n't hear anywhere that there are two kinds of `` romanians '' , it is pretty easy to make `` romanian = roma '' mistake . 
   lol youre so naiv . 
  if a mayor from the spd ( left ) is joking about it . 
  you do not want them at any cost . 
  i cant even imagine how happy many in the balkans are because many of their roma went to germany this year . 
  this is actually true not only in case of romania or balkan countries . 
  here where i leave ( szczecin , poland , 150 km from berlin ) , gypsy beggars were an irritating problem since 1989 . 
  when the border control was eliminated they just disappeared . 
  the same with the worst thievish scum ( polish ) which now is a pain of people living in brandenburg and mecklenburg-vorpommern . 
   perhaps it could be renegotiated but you can not invalidate part of the treaty now with a referendum . 
  so after the referendum the government will be obliged to renegotiate this part of the treaty or find another way to get around it . 
  anything wrong in it ? 
  they ( the government ) are our representatives , not our masters . 
  i even think that most members of any polish government were not much wiser than your average jan. 
  i would n't be surprised if our `` liberal '' government would like to sell our monetary independence in favour of some colourful beads and some attractive roles for them in the eu but we are still there and they have to pretend that they represent us . 
   people of crescent do your media actually promote such hilarious blurred phrase or it is your own joke ? 
  you must be more open to other cultures or someone may think that you are some kind of right wing person and that would be baad . 
  the last one is great !, 
  to be honest , i can imagine a pack of children of any ethnicity behaving like that . 
  it is enough to give something desired for free and in limited amounts to trigger such behaviour . 
  add an actual hunger ( even limited ) to it and voila , you have what you seen . 
  i think of georgia as of a nice country with a great potential which is eaten alive and no one wants or is able to help it . 
  despite of that , i have heard that it is a pure awesomeness in terms of vacation destination . 
  that 's ok ( burning of asylum houses is n't ) . 
  if the society believes that it is able to deal with increased number of immigrants , then great . 
  unfortunately , such support is often vocal but rarely widespread ( exception for sweden ? ) . 
  on the other hand , will you give other societies ( backward poles , slovaks and lithuanians ) the right to be not so `` open '' ( or `` suicidal '' in their terms ) ? 
  or maybe enforcing of your political beliefs on muslims is a no-no , but you can freely do it with slavs ? 
  are you able to help every poor child in the world without sacrificing your own children ? 
  should you try ? 
  because the `` far right '' is same s * t as `` far left '' . 
  really , there is no much difference between their heavens ( third reich vs soviet union or north korea ) . 
  poles being welcomed or not ( see situation in uk ) : i believe that we have at least partial compatibility , but if some nations does n't want a mass immigration of our people ( and even prefer immigrants from india instead ) it 's perfectly ok for me . 
  sour but ok . 
  they have their rights , too . 
  someone who calls for even more immigration when most of people perceive mass immigration of members of `` non compatible culture '' a major danger for their values and culture is a little extremist , is n't he ? 
  disclaimer : i , personally , am not so sure that muslim cultures are always and everywhere not compatible with so called western cultures ( these with christian roots , hello russia  ) but this is a different discussion . 
  i believe that inviting/accepting members of non muslim religions is n't considered very controversial - at least by majority of polish people . 
  no one ( except some ultra progressives ) complained against christians from syria . 
  no one complains against migrants with a drop of polish blood repatriated from kazakhstan and russia . 
  almost no one says anything against people from ukraine , the far east and india . 
  there are some racists being against black people but most of them are silent and actually tolerate africans and only a tiny minority is vocal about that ( or even physically aggressive ) . 
  muslim migrants are an entirely different issue . 
  we hear about extreme integration problems in sweden and western europe and basically consider allowing them in a risky business . 
  let the western europe experiment with their integration a little more . 
  if they have a working mechanism of integration and elimination of extreme attitudes then we can reconsider . 
  this should be the approach of polish government in my opinion . 
  but our beautiful pm will invite thousands of desperate and radical young muslim men and then what ? 
  oh , yes . 
  she will hide in her house with children ( her words paraphrased ) .
