   that 's what the quota would look like that 's how a relatively poor country looks like . 
  there are no spare flats nor houses and many people can only dream about having its own . 
  other people get life long commercial credits and live in constant fear of bankruptcy . 
  giving migrants special treatment is a little unfair in this light , do n't you think so ? 
  this is not helping with what you can . 
  it 's giving more than you can afford . 
  what mistreatment do you have in mind ? 
  water cannons on the fenced border ? 
  in poland , the currently ruling party ( po or `` civic platform '' ) increased the base vat rate by 1pp ( from 22 % to 23 % ) `` temporarily '' , to deal with banking crisis if i recall correctly . 
  unfortunately , they `` were n't able '' to lower it for four years . 
  maybe , just maybe , `` they will be able '' to do it after the next elections : , 
  do it our way or go away ? 
   that 's precisely the point , if the other countries would be doing their job we would n't have to take anyone in . 
  that 's funny that when hungary tried to do their job and stop the influx , there was a hysteria about evil , hungarian nazi xenophobes killing poor non-violent refugees on its borders . 
  haha . 
  this one is great : http://i.imgur.com/ovc7x22.png some time ago i was playing europa universalis and for a pretty long time i believed that it is a missing texture placeholder ( something displayed when the right image file could n't be found or loaded ) . 
  i may be not representative in this manner , most people in poland would probably have czech republic or slovakia at the first place , but it is my choice  i am going to visit lithuania and maybe latvia next summer ( unless , of course , russia will visit it before :  ) so i will have a chance to verify my feelings and somehow i believe that the verification will be positive , 
  why would you exclude moldova ? 
  somehow i feel that thanks to the ~ ~ betrayal ~ ~ pro-european politics by our great government we are right at the second place :d, 
  country : poland favourite neighbour : lithuania least favourite neighbour : russia, 
  it is called [ transliteration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transliteration ) and is possible ( if i understand it correctly ) for each significant language with non-latin script . 
   single issue voters are the worst . 
  if the issue is very important for you and the current government approach is completely different than yours , will you vote for it in the next elections ? 
  you will surely look for alternatives . 
  and what if the only alternative is a fascist scum party ? 
  some will choose it and some wo n't . 
  the problem is not with the single issue voters , the problem is with arrogance and/or ignorance of so called `` moderate '' or `` progressive '' parties which leads to better and better results of stinky fascist and xenophobic factions . 
  political parties are supposed to represent group of people of given country . 
  they are not supposed to manipulate or transform them ( leftists aka `` progressives '' of course believe that they and only they are entitled to do it ) . 
  if a party stops to represent voters , it looses votes . 
  because , most probably , they like isis fuckers more than these christians . 
  i think that they did n't run from isis , they run from bombs , missing bullets , hunger and lack of water . 
  recently , i had the same , sad thought . 
  many decent people will be persecuted by local barbarians provoked by aggressive and arrogant muslim migrants . 
  everything funded by dumb and incompetent actions of government . 
  there is a kind of schadenfreude feeling when you see that not only our , polish , politicians are so terribly stupid . 
  if only our governments could understand this . 
  i agree in 100 %, 
  having sugar , you only need some apples or other fruits and you could make some jams or stewed fruits . 
  living through the winter was easier with them . 
  moonshine ( bimber ) was also an option : , 
  poor people fun is the best kind of fun , right ? 
   maybe someone should tell them communism is over . 
  for these people there is no much difference between the communism times and the capitalism times . 
  in fact , the communism times were ( a little ) better because medicaments were cheaper . 
  they have nothing and are nothing . 
  additionally they are publicly disdained ( mostly ) by young `` people of success '' ( working for 250 euro per month ) who laugh that someone can fight for free food . 
  they are even recognized by mainstream media as a separate social group - sometimes victims and sometimes sacrifice of the times of economic transformation . 
  really , their lives are rather sad than funny . 
  they have some kind of pro-russia sentiments , just like serbia . 
  you forgive more to someone you perceive a friend and you hope that everything will become normal again after some time . 
  somehow , i believe that their sentiments would erode greatly if they were neighbours of russia and feel the overwhelming friendliness of the russia on their borders but they are not and hopefully will never be , so it is their right to like them . 
  our friend wanted to say that the western government simply bought a very expensive and big container for unwanted migrants . 
  and now the container does n't work as expected ( nothing can be put into it ) so the natural thing to do is to throw it out ( because you do n't need a container you ca n't use ) . 
  nice . 
   no goverment in ee will agree with forced allocation of `` refugees '' , like no ee goverment would agree to forced surrender of part of their country there was such government in poland , then it was changed democratically and surprise , surprise the western countries are mad at the following government for the first reason ( valid or not ) it gave them . 
  it was told tens or hundreds of times . 
  this fact does n't introduce anything new . 
  on the other hand , there are definitely genuine refugees between them - let it be 10 or 20 percent - and they should be helped somehow . 
  at the same time i strongly believe that we should help italy and greece significantly and as much as it is possible . 
  it is the only honourable behaviour i can accept . 
  our government should talk with their government and find the way for alternative methods of taking the burden off - methods acceptable also for us . 
  we must participate in these costs and to be honest these statement by italians is understandable for me . 
  not doing anything is opportunism , cowardice and shame . 
  iirc , we were allowed to make our own background checks before taking migrants from italy and greece , so background checks are n't an argument here - we were able to choose people to import to poland ( never mind the fact that the choice was rather poor ) . 
  also , it is pure manipulation to say that greeks or italians just let them in . 
  i bet they would be just as happy as us to not have them in their countries . 
  i think that we should avoid all these masses of shady migrants in poland but at the same time we should do as much as we can to help italians , greeks and other southern countries . 
  because it is the right thing to do . 
  i hoped that our current government will act honourably in this matter ( but will also protect our interests ) . 
  unfortunately they just duck the problem ( because we still have time ) instead of acting . 
  this egoistic approach is a major mistake by them imho . 
  was there any other revolution in the communist block in which not only the oppressors but also the protesters had significant amounts of weapons ? 
  also , i did n't know that it was such bloodbath ( 2500 killed , 13k wounded ) !, 
  it 's a trap !!, 
  two of them negate , probably . 
  a nice american will be downvoted , while nice mexican will be upvoted . 
  now an unfriendly mexican will be downvoted while an ass american will be upvoted . 
  simple . 
  there is probably a nation which will be always upvoted and a nation which will be always downvoted . 
  the question was about women rights in general and you bring abortion specifically suggesting that we are behind pakistan or sa in women rights . 
  downvotes are for this little , innocent manipulation i guess . 
  they basically revert what po did . 
  po forced children to go to ( unprepared in my and many parents opinion ) schools one year earlier . 
  against , note it , significant , possibly even majority opposition of parents . 
  but no one shall revert what po did . 
  they also revert introduction of one intermediate , 3 years long level of education introduced earlier by sld . 
  if no one shall revert what po did then absolutely no one shall revert what communists did , especially if it was done something like 15 years ago . 
  here you have two major points , school for 6yo children not mandatory ( because freedom of choice is bad , you know ) and some institutional reorganization forcing change of teaching programs and moving of some teachers to different schools ( and adapting , omg ! , adapting to change ) . 
  please also note , that the major opposing forces are local government ( in justified fear of hard to bear costs and znp - post-communist organization of teachers ( because no one even reverts what communists do - mind you ) ) . 
  better late than never . 
  if you are alive , you still have ( some ) chance to survive . 
  and you should fight for it . 
  if the rejected afghan applicants are actually sent back then it is the truly systemic solution making europe much less attractive destination for economic migration . 
  it is so much more sane solution than the `` deal '' with turkey ( which was n't so completely dumb on its own - the anger was caused because it was perceived as the sign of eu 's weakness ) . 
  of course there are still cases of `` lost '' ids and illegal stay but for many people such obstacle is enough . 
  this is good news and i do n't think that this possibility wo n't be used . 
  firstly , currently ruling politicians have fire under their feet and secondly , unlimited economic migration is rather the ideology of some left wing extremists - not very common ( i consider the big business conspiracy not a real thing ) . 
  maybe , just maybe we are not doomed : , 
  highly depressing news piece : /,
