  white people ? 
  nationalists ? 
  conservatives ? 
  communists ? 
  thieves ? 
  catholics ? 
  ** is dislike to a large group of people always irrational or it depends on the group ? 
  ** if it depends on the group , then * what * decides if it is irrational or not ? 
  when you * may * dislike some group of people and when you * ca n't * ? 
   aversion to black people is irrational aversion . 
  aversion towards homosexuals is irrational aversion . 
  ok , so if you strongly dislike certain group of people then you are a * thisgroupphobe * . 
  is this `` rule '' limited or maybe general in nature ? 
  stop . 
  * aversion is not phobia . 
  true * irrational aversion is phobia . 
  true ( i would like to have something more than just your opinion to back it up , but nevermind ) . 
  * aversion is irrational [ aversion ] ? 
  false * aversion is phobia ? 
  false your argumentation lacks logical correctness and this is what bothers me . 
  regarding your repeated suggestions that i have some dislike about black people : well , just no . 
  my attitude to black people as a group is neutral and in personal interaction they get a small positive bonus from me just to counterbalance potential bad experiences in our strongly homogenic population . 
  this positive bonus manifest itself in the fact that i am trying to smile to these of them who i meet at streets while i generally do not smile to strangers : , 
   if you have an aversion to black people you 're a racist , aversion towards homosexuals , homophobe . 
    do words and their definition offend you ? 
  let 's use some word definitions . 
  are you trying to say that [ aversion ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/aversion ) is the same as [ phobia ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/phobia ) ? 
  in my opinion they both describe negative feeling about something but the phobia is extremely strong and related to fear while aversion is just strong dislike . 
  aversion to apples or to rock music or to conservatives . 
  these are pretty normal feelings ( negative but normal ) . 
  i simply refuse to accept that the fact that you dislike something , even strongly is enough to call you * somethingphobe * . 
  it 's an exaggeration used to make your interlocutor look at least mentally unstable and as such a cheap trick and manipulation . 
   there 's nothing wrong about having an aversion to same-sex relationships . 
    there 's nothing wrong about having an aversion to black people . 
  there 's nothing wrong about having an aversion to apples . 
  because you have a human right to have a [ strong feeling of not liking ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/aversion ) apples , black people , white people , gypsies . 
  darn , you even have a right to dislike polish people or slavs in general :  you have the same right to dislike same-sex oriented people . 
  you have no right to persecute them . 
  you have no right to beat them . 
  you have no right to take their lives , steal their property , put them in camps . 
  in my opinion , you should also keep your dislike to yourself . 
  but you can dislike all of them and still call yourself tolerant . 
  there is nothing * somethingphobic * in it . 
  this is the difference between tolerance and admiration . 
  party ? 
  sounds good , 
  oh , come on orban !, 
  no need to to be shy !, 
  i think that they got closer recently , during the refugee crisis . 
  previously , orban was evil fascist dictator for entire europe , including other v4 countries . 
  this is why v4 was and unfortunately still is a rather theoretical than actual political force . 
  i hope that the change of government in poland will make orban 's hungary a little less isolated in european union and will drag orban to the side of light , 
  wow . 
  this is actually true , ~ ~ but is there a stereotype saying that ? ~ ~ :d edit : after thinking about it , i must admit that every single use of kurwa in polandball comics i have seen was correct and valid . 
  that 's truly fascinating :-), 
  that 's actually a kogut . 
   time for the far-right terrorist apologists to down-vote this thread i do n't agree with you . 
  in my opinion , people supporting violence about migrants will rather see this submission up-voted ( because they want to promote the image of `` normal people being angry '' ) . 
  these are `` bleeding hearts '' who would rather down-vote it ( because it contradicts their idealized image of german society ) . 
  the violence against migrants is the worst and in the same time most probable scenario . 
  some people see mistakes made by frau merkel as excuse for their violent nature and frau merkel should foresee that . 
  unfortunately she apparently could n't foresee anything . 
   attempt to be `` relevant to the current situation '' . 
  but it may be relevant . 
  it gives a hope for integration and a strong promise : * be loyal to your new country and you will be considered respected and valuable member of its nation and your religion wo n't influence that * . 
  is n't it an approach which would eliminate most of muslim migrant related fears and hesitancy ? 
  people afraid that large groups of muslim migrants will come but they will be disloyal and will push to change the host country much more than themselves ( sharia law anyone ? ) . 
  this is also a problem with some people in western world ( sorry german friends , we polish consider us part of it :p ) . 
  they dislike the * traditional * western culture and heritage so much that they want it replaced or at least diffused with anything . 
  even desert culture disrespecting all their values is better than the traditional culture for them . 
  when people who generally like their world see this bad will approach , they feel endangered and oppose any kind of migration - even migration of people open to integration . 
  is it so hard to understand that people opposing the approach currently enforced by german government are n't against helping people in true need ? 
  there is no problem in helping people who were persecuted , who were starving and dying because putin was defending its influences in syria and no one had balls to do something with it until isis exploded . 
  there is a problem with helping smart-asses aka welfare leeches . 
  there is a problem with allowing in everyone , from north africa , central asia , middle east and albania . 
  there is a problem with accepting that when they ( migrants from other countries than syria ) will come they will never leave because this is the most probable outcome . 
  you wo n't have a place to throw them out . 
  people oppose unlimited number of leeches . 
  unfortunately , under terror of this `` bleeding heart moral superiority '' , if you state that you do n't think that everyone should be allowed in , you are automatically classified as racist and barbarian . 
  that 's the sick part . 
  the air must be pretty bad there . 
  to think that i am mad when i have to wait two light cycles on one junction . 
  smaller cities have its advantages , 
  do n't they have a pretty good metro system ? 
  if you add another line to a road , you often end with more cars there ( they previously were using an alternative road but this one become better ) . 
  there is even some kind of transport theory law stating it . 
   i guess this is the end of eu . 
  its germany 's way or no other way . 
  it 's not like you just discussed directly with frau merkel . 
  still , is n't it funny how fast things escalated ? 
  last week a ruling party was democratically changed in poland to a one less desired by germany and this week we are on a fast track to become the pariah of the eu . 
  this is really grotesque but also a little scary . 
  european partners my ass . 
  you know that the nord stream was built before the migrants crisis ? 
  now , they only want to add more pipes . 
  uk has its holy right to limit immigration to their country . 
  visitor visas are not really important to most of polish , it is an eternal , secondary topic . 
  painful for some and ignored by most . 
  the most important advantage of the alliance with the usa and uk is that they do not actively make lucrative , dangerous deals with the country being the main real danger to ee countries . 
  with all respect to the germany , you are not currently considered a danger in poland .
