  this is n't a black and white issue . 
  it is not that only a one vision of a world is is the right and all other are wrong . 
  some are better , some are worse and some are just different . 
   homosexuals pay the same tax as everyone else so they should get equal rights . 
  in my opinion you mix up rights and privileges . 
  for me , there should n't be any obstacles like right to get the medical information or to inherit from a registered partner , despite the partnership configuration . 
  on the other hand , there are privileges granted by a state , like say tax deductions , privilege of getting state 's help in getting a cheaper apartment , etc. 
  these privileges are granted for a certain reason - to convince people to marriage and to have children and to make it easier to raise these children . 
  of course , children raising should also be supported in other cases like single parent or parent staying in some later partnership - regardless its configuration . 
  with all respect , but homosexual partnerships do not have a chance to result in a birth of a child , hence there is no gain from promoting it with extra privileges . 
  ok , i could find some gains like better society stability resulting from more stable relations ( you do n't do stupid things if you have someone you care about ) but these gains are imho just not big enough to grant full marriage privileges for that . 
  equal rights ? 
  definitely yes . 
  privileges granted to embrace parenthood ? 
  that would be not justified . 
  personally , i could even get all the tax deductions from childless partners ( configuration not important ) or grant smaller tax deductions to childless partners and bigger to partners with children . 
  of course there are many people who would like to limit actual rights of homosexual partners or even discriminate or penalize them but they should n't be listened to ( and probably prevented from saying it loud ) . 
  the immigration rules could be really hard to meet and additionally some yearly quotas could be introduced but 60-70 % in favour of an unconditional ban ? 
  that 's pretty hard backlash . 
  unbelievable to be honest . 
  i believe that merkel has much bigger chance to compromise with the current polish government than schultz . 
  pis is already way too proud and inflexible . 
  with schultz who seems to expect full ideological subjugation , there is no way they can be constructive i afraid . 
  i mean , merkel does n't love pis and would definitely prefer more submissive government in poland but at the same time she seems to be somewhat forced to seek compromise with them and she seems to be able to do it . 
  schultz does n't look like someone ready to do any compromises before full capitulation in the immigration area - something what would be suicidal for any major party in poland . 
  not a good news for poland , i afraid . 
  if with merkel there were light signals ( from both sides ) that pragmatic approach should win , then with schultz and our current government i expect our bilateral relations to be a constant series of unproductive mental farts from both sides . 
  gon na be fun : /, 
  i think that the main reason why we consider their beauty a little weird is the mouth width . 
  today , most of them would n't be considered beautiful because of that . 
  from all of them , miss germany is definitely most attractive  miss belgium is right behind her  great post !, 
  somehow i am not surprised . 
  in poland ? 
  if you would have to guess someone 's religious believes ( agnositics and atheists included ) what would you say ? 
  it is pretty sane default in poland , imo . 
  still it is weird that someone would care to change it ( again , if it is not a `` fact '' by some anti-pis media ; do you have any source for that ? 
   hahaha , abortion is not 1-2 % in poland hahaha . 
  so funny . 
  almost like dancing on jewish graves : /, 
  i read the parent comment slightly differently . 
  they could simply feed their children , send them to kindergarten and care rather about their lost life options than about children 's emotional needs . 
  instead of that , they seem to find themselves in the new situation and it seems that it is n't the end of life and eternal sadness for them . 
  even if it is not a deformed fact produced to put the ruling party in a bad light , then does it change anything ? 
  is n't it a glass half-full or half-empty kind of `` problem '' ? 
  are you talking about state sponsored schools ? 
  if he really is of afghan/pakistani origin , then it is not so wise to go through so homogeneous , white people country . 
  he would be like on a pan here ( is there such idiom in english ? 
  it will happen . 
  `` czechia '' is simply more natural and convenient than `` czech republic '' . 
  i hope that it is misinformation just to calm down people cooperating with him ( because not `` her '' , right ? 
  yeah . 
  because no country in the western europe helps parents through child benefits . 
  do we want to be a part of civilized western world or maybe our destiny is to be the third world ? 
  yeah . 
  i was happy to spend yesterday evening with my family , so i am just catching up on that . 
  mr szczerba seems to be a [ clown ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37nax3z4wmk ) sent there to provoke pis . 
  the purpose of all this action was almost obviously to prevent the budget voting . 
  this is disgusting but pis gets what they deserve for all the arrogance they presented in the last year . 
  i have voted against po ( not pro-pis ) because of same arrogance . 
  for me po = pis ( and nowoczesna is basically po which did n't rule , yet ) . 
  next elections are going to be fun : /, 
  yeah , those pretentious estonian peasants ... how dare they consider themselves to have anything in common with the glorious western culture . 
  throw them back to the russia - together with other eastern barbarians - this is what should be done , i say . 
  because the guarantee of a harsh enough punishment is a `` social contract '' made to avoid widespread lynching and never ending revenge . 
  so simple and so just . 
  for me as a father such people should rot in prisons . 
  10 years is way too short . 
  when this pig will leave prison ( probably much earlier due to good behaviour ) , his victim will still suffer from fresh trauma . 
  screw rehabilitation - there must be a harsh punishment for such animals ( independently of their ethnicity of course ) . 
  i would like to note that the statement in the submission topic is considered highly controversial in poland . 
  down vote for flamebait title . 
  as well as comparing costs of living in a capital of one country with a deep province of another one ( being on a similar development level - iirc ) . 
  quality of life they say . 
  but what is the alleged purpose ? 
  to change black to white people ratio ? 
  ( honest question , i simply do n't know what they could possibly want to achieve this way ), 
  it 's sad that one human being has all the rights while the other , being the weak , just developing and fully dependant on the stronger is stripped of all rights . 
  this is not so white and black image as you would like to see it . 
  it stops to be single being when another being develops in it . 
  they are two beings - one dependant on another . 
  know , you consider the stronger being as the only having any rights and the other as something not worth a spit . 
  great ideology . 
  freedom , humanity , dignity [ for almost all ] , yay !, 
  you know that you are in trouble when people think that the soviet approach to a human being and a society is something worth following . 
  search this thread for `` zombie '' . 
  i am trying to show that the people that are accused to be disrespectful are in fact disrespected in a much greater degree . 
  more disrespectful than `` jewish zombie '' `` jokes '' ? 
  i simply do n't see any danger for secularity of polish state in that . 
  i know that the main problem people see in this news piece is that our president was there . 
  i personally consider his presence as declaration of his beliefs and think that he has right to make it . 
  nothing official there - this is a manipulation by left-leaning newspaper always being anti-tradition and anti-religion . 
  their right to do that but people here should be aware that they are trying to push polish society into direction desired by them for more than twenty years ( and many of us do n't like that ) and constant mocking of `` cathotaliban '' is a part of that . 
  i on my hand do n't get what 's behind this celebration - i simply do n't understand what is all this ceremony about - but i do n't automatically hate , disregard and make fun of these people . 
  would you agree that `` jokes '' about the `` jewish zombie '' are at very low ( think charlie hebdo ) level ? 
  is this how open-minded people being in favour of diversity threat other cultures ( yes , imo such `` jokes '' about muhammad are equally bad ) ? 
  what is more disrespectful ? 
  to say that someone 's prophet is a stinky living dead or to say that your own prophet is a king ? 
  elective monarchy , 
  i am not a christian and do n't find it disrespectful at all . 
  it 's only a folklore .
