  they weakened and eventually killed any other alternatives , including sld ( postcommunists - this is actually a good side effect ) . 
  additionally , for years , our national identity was downplayed for not fully clear reasons ( i believe that polish progressives just do n't like our nation and our heritage and would like to blur it in the european soup - their right but it is like breaking of other child 's toy just because you do n't like it ) . 
  the media controlled by po/psl/sld used to cover all mistakes and controversial moves by the ruling party . 
  they were using so called `` wrzutki '' . 
  when po wanted to push something controversial through the sejm or have it signed by their president , they produced ( without cooperation of fully controlled media it would n't be possible ) a silly but potentially absorbing `` news '' supposed to divert peoples ' attention . 
  after a day or two , when the `` news '' was hot like lava , they pushed their changes silently . 
  and the media they controlled and the media they were supported by were silent about that . 
  public media also reduced discussion on important things to some insignificant fragment of the entire problem and concentrated on it . 
  it was so in case of disposal of our retirement funds . 
  it was so in other cases . 
  so , after about 8 years , enough of our people decided that is time to replace the not-so-good government . 
  unfortunately , not much left on the political stage . 
  sld and psl were weak and almost no one trusted them . 
  po tried to transfer the power to the same but differently named . nowoczesna but for some reason it did n't work very well . 
  still , beside of these conditions , many people voted for a new option ( pawe\u0142 kukiz as a president and kukiz '15 as a group of candidates to sejm ) . 
  the fact that an active rock musician was able to get 20 % of votes in presidential elections and that he was able to lead loosely tied group of people ( also many nationalists between them who are just as popular as postcommunists ) to the sejm says much about the will of change . 
  some people voted for the new , leftist razem party ( they are similarly left-wing as kukiz '15 is right-wing ) . 
  unfortunately , most of people still believed that there is either pis or po and they voted pis . 
  i must admit that i hoped that pis will be more classy . 
  the hope dies the last . 
  now you have a pack of european politicians strongly criticise the new government while they did n't voice any problems when po was actually breaking our democracy were silent when po was in power . 
  this is hypocrisy and is seen as such . 
  for many , including me , it can only mean that their motivation is not honest , they are immoral and are doing some kind of smelly politics here . 
  as such , their criticism is dismissed and their hostile actions are seen just as such - hostile for poland . 
  it is terrible that political agenda of people like martin schulz is causing many moderate polish to defend pis which already starts to loose sympathy of many , including many of right wing journalists and thinkers ( staniszkis , ziemkiewicz and many from `` do rzeczy '' weekly ) . 
  btw , many of things pis does will bring them a pretty wide support because beside of irritating the eu with things insignificant for most of poles ( like preserving the submissive and progressive ruling option ) , they are actually and effectively implementing their electional promises . 
  something po was n't able to do in 8 years . 
  this should actually worry the west because beside of all dirty tricks and bad political behaviour they are fulfilling their promises and it may mean a longer stay in power despite of all eu sanctions . 
  oh , so our regional security and [ european solidarity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nord_stream#/media/file:nord_stream_ceremony.jpeg ) was sold for profits of more than two parties . 
  the guilt washed again . 
  move along , nothing to see here . 
  i am one of those who hoped that pis will behave better than po+psl+sld did . 
  unfortunately , pis does n't behave . 
  it does n't change the fact that all the public media in poland were owned by po/psl/sld . 
  they had total power on it and used it . 
  now , when pis made it possible to get rid of old politruks from media boards of directors ( and they would surely use this possibility ) , these directors resign `` in protest '' . 
  haha . 
  almost as funny as the hyena of the year posing as a defender of democracy and media objectivity . 
  tomasz lis is so corrupt , so biased , so disposable `` journalist '' that i disapproved him and his doubtful way of work even when i believed that po is better option for poland than pis ( in 2007 ) . 
  it is replacement of shit with poo but eu somehow presents it as a replacement of stellar quality , objective journalism with mordor propaganda vendors . 
  are all these eu officials manipulated beyond hope or they know exactly what is changed and they simply protect their political allies ? 
  being eu officials does n't make them automatically objective and they are n't such . 
   yes , germany sucks . 
  you 're free to cut off ties with them and the eu [ ... ] when we voted in favour of joining the european union , it was n't said that we pledge allegiance to the european left . 
   have fun when the reaction to your nord stream complaints will be '' lmao poland '' but these reactions always were like that . 
  german officials say something like `` nord stream is in interest of germany so germany will do it '' . 
  and please do n't bring the silly `` european solidarity '' here . 
  germans built the nord stream when our government was humble and submissive like a little dog and no one heard about so-called refugee crisis back then . 
  in poland , there are anti smoking rules concerning some places ( like bus stops or office buildings ) for some years and they mostly work , even without signs . 
  smoking people got used to be stripped of their right to smoke everywhere . 
  in the same time , increasing number of non-smokers are encouraged to intervene when someone smokes where ( s ) he should n't because they know the law is on their side . 
  this should n't be surprising when you consider that the golden freedom of smokers was always at the health and comfort cost of non-smokers . 
  thanks . 
  a group attack on policemen or even firefighters could happen also in case of white `` hooded youths '' . 
  the motivation could even be possibly the same ( hatred against government ) . 
  how do you call an `` ambush [ on three persons ] by   several hooded youths < < '' ? 
  disclaimer : people devastating prayer places are disgusting for me just like these people protesting against activists protesting against black pete . 
  still , is n't it nice how the attack which provoked these people is laconically described ? 
  why where these firefighters attacked ? 
  where were they attacked ? 
  who exactly attacked them ? 
  what happened to them ? 
  is it possible that the initial attack could be potentially so outrageous to the news reader that it would cause the attack on the prayer hall somewhat understandable in his/her eyes ? 
  are there any descriptions of the initial incident ? 
   he would not throw away something if it had any use . 
  i know it was not simple hoarding because if something legitimately did n't have a use he 'd throw it away . 
  but a good example is when his mom wanted new white outlets when she repainted . 
  instead of letting us throw the old ugly cream colored old ones out he made us save them . 
  he had a bike he made out of 4 bikes people threw away . 
  and he had a good job as an it manager . 
  this !, 
  people were keeping small , potentially useful things . 
  when a piece of clothes was broken beyond repair , you ripped off buttons ( and put it somewhere with previously collected ones & ndash ; a great toy for children btw ) . 
  you removed [ zipper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zipper ) if it had it . 
  the cloth itself was used as rags . 
  and you did it with so many things . 
  the sole purpose was to have it in case of future need . 
  to repair something . 
  it was really hard for people to learn to not collect and store for years things which could be bought cheaply at any time . 
  i did n't see the exact mechanisms because as i said i was a pre-teen ( but more than 10 ) before 1989 but it simply happened in a following way : all workers of a factory , other enterprise or institution or all students of a school were informed that they have to attend the manifestation . 
  the attendance was controlled ( you had to be seen and noted by a proper man ) . 
  if you did n't want to go , you had to have a good explanation . 
  otherwise , depending on times you risked problems . 
  you could get on security services radar as a possible troublemaker . 
  in the most dark times of stalinism you could probably be even arrested ( and if they arrest you _ something _ has to came from it ) . 
  you could be simply harassed in the work . 
  you could lose your chance for `` own '' flat assignment for which you were already waiting for 10 years . 
  basically , problems & ndash ; from mild to serious . 
  no one wanted it , because terror of stalinism times was always somewhere in the background . 
  also in later times they ( army and the militia ) were shooting and killing protesting people . 
  if you were ordered to , you just went there to avoid problems . 
  these stories are telling what were the most `` amazing '' differences in our ( often young ) eyes were and it was the unimaginable level of consumption in the west . 
  differences in non material areas are more difficult to recall but i will try : * _ public property is common property _ . 
  in the communist times what was _ pa\u0144stwowe _ ( owned by government ) was basically considered not owned by anyone . 
  almost no one cared about common property . 
  many ( but not all ) people considered stealing it morally neutral ( if not something to be proud of - _ organizowanie _ ) . 
  * _ showing id to stranger civilians _ . 
  in the communist times , a random stranger ( rather male than female ) could approach you and request your id . 
  if he said it strongly and self confidently , you would show it to him . 
  people needed some time to learn to not show their id on each strong request .
