  just like all these people showing the `` omg catholic lunatics taliban , we are so backwards '' tantrum here and there . 
  but ... 
  but germans were considered evil not because they voted for hitler but because they either actively participated in execution of his demonic plans or profited from them . 
  they were germans who fought in wehrmacht , served in ss , worked as gears of the machine of death . 
  finally , they were germans who used their uebermench position to do unspoken atrocities on occupied lands . 
  ok , most of them were passive probably and only few of them ( as we were taught ) actively opposed the regime . 
  i feel a pressure to confess that this time i totally agree with you . 
  for me , personally it is a very important lesson and a proof that listening and occasionally discussing with people of very different political and social views makes sense ( because at some point you can discover that they are n't totally alien and there are some elementary similarities between you and them ) . 
  and man , this feels good . 
  wow !, 
  an actually insightful comment on r/europe ... now , that 's something extraordinary , 
   there are very few spaniards working in poland . 
  according to eurostat , only 7k . 
  compare it with the 67k poles in spain . 
  normal people from the we working on regular positions ( as opposed to high management or freelancers ) are still pretty exotic . 
  each one you encounter is counted as 10  also , if they are educated and highly skilled , i would additionally double it  i had a chance to work with one guy from spain - software developer . 
  his technical skills were pretty solid . 
  what amazed me were his language skills . 
  in two years his accent was perfect - literally undistinguishable from native speaker 's accent - you could only catch him on some exceptional , rarely used rules ( and he did n't know a word when he started to learn it ) . 
  i am still wondering if he had a special talent , or maybe spaniards are so talented or maybe for some reason polish language is easy for them . 
  as a person working in software development i am very happy and somewhat proud that they have chosen poland . 
   why are they in the eu then ? 
  trump is clearly anti eu and so is poland . 
  they both support far right wing and are anti democracy . 
  all they do is undermine the eu . 
  buuhuuu evil poland , right ? 
  great news !, 
  when we will have means of deporting all unwanted and illegal migrants ( and when we will actually do it ) then the acceptance for genuine refugees will definitely improve . 
  this is a truly constructive approach . 
  the next step imo is to stop the ngo traffickers in mediterranean sea . 
  what you described in the part telling about relations between employees and employers is basically poland in 90s . 
  the situation was similar for less paid jobs somewhere in early 2000s , too . 
  the only solution for such kind of situation is a decrease of number of people willing to work for such employers ( economical migration , yay ! ), 
  or a mass improvement of potential employees financial situation ( 500 + social programme ) . 
  in case of poland one could argue that it is a matter of barbaric communist past and that our `` businessmen '' simply do n't know how to do better , yet . 
  unfortunately , it seems that they will probably act like that if only the situation gets worse . 
  especially , that even now , after the introduction of the 500 + , all these `` businessmen '' are crying how it has destructive influence on their business and how causes women to leave their shitty jobs . 
  i seriously hope that ukrainians working in poland right now are treated better that we were back in 1990s . 
  all of above is really sad for me , because i honestly believed that the times of rude , ruthless bosses who exploit their employees is behind us for good . 
  it 's about negotiation position . 
  it is not about lost transit fees . 
  it is about prices we pay being much bigger than prices you pay and even bigger prices when they wo n't have to consider we as a part of equation when dictating us their market ( haha ) prices . 
  they can offer you smaller prices because they know that with ns/ns2 they can exploit us freely . 
  and the only thing we cares is the price they get . 
  so it is ee which pays for your lower prices in such scenario . 
  pure business , totally understandable in case of loosely related countries , but was n't ue supposed to be something more ? 
  that 's not about threat to we . 
  it 's about limiting russia 's strength . 
  they want to sell to we , so they ca n't fuck with us too much . 
  see that : https://www.rferl.org/a/russian-gas-how-much-gazprom/25442003.html we already pay more than we only because they can charge us more . 
  if you get our last negotiation tool , the prices they will dictate may easily double prices you pay . 
  it 's about weakening of the transit countries . 
  until ns was a thing , russia had to find deal with them to transfer to we markets . 
  with ns , they can dictate much more harsh prices and conditions . 
  with increased throughput it gains even bigger leverage . 
  it was enough to poland to build the liquid gas terminal to instantly make russia 's conditions much more bearable . 
  we already know that we ca n't count on we in case of gas deals with russia . 
  both poland as well as the baltic countries invest into gas source independence ( and this is good ) . 
  and schroeder ? 
  he simply bought himself a warm job in exchange for extra favourable approach to the russian plans of screwing ee . 
  ns2 is nord stream 2 . 
  immigrants , we accuses ee that it is acts without solidarity when it rejects displacement of migrants from mena . 
  i agree that there is a grain of truth in that accusation . 
  at the same time , we countries ( germany and france especially ) deal with the country being the biggest threat of ee countries over their heads , seriously damaging its negotiation position , to get better gas prices and says that it has nothing to do with solidarity - it is just business thing in their opinion . 
  both moves are dick moves , but our western european friends seem to consider themselves crystal clear in that matter , is n't it so ? 
  russia is well known , at least in the east , for ruthless use of its monopoly to dictate as high gas prices as possible . 
  the transfer to the we markets is the only tool ee countries have to keep prices in reasonable bounds . 
  we are pissed that you pull the only negotiation tool we have out of our hands and leave us on monopolist 's mercy just because this monopolist bought you with lower prices . 
  it is not about transfer fees it is about `` we do n't care about you as long as we get our sweet gas deals '' . 
  this is all about solidarity . 
  in case of ukraine it is even worse . 
  they were ruined through war zone instability introduced by the same dealer who gives you your sweet deals . 
  they opposed russia because they believed ue is more civilized and more trustworthy than russia . 
  and now you , westerners sell them for lower gas prices . 
  yeah , nothing about solidarity . 
  just pure business , right !, 
  please explain to us how the ns is not a matter of european solidarity ( tm ) . 
  before you say something about migrants , please remember that ns was built ( and ns2 agreed on ) way before the migrant crisis . 
  ns is the thing which makes germany , france , netherlands ( iirc ) and some more we countries equally implausible in the matter of so called solidarity as poland or some other ee countries are because of migrant approach ( and i agree that ee acts bad in that matter ) . 
  if we do n't like hypocrisy , why not to eliminate it on both sides of the new iron curtain ? 
  in my personal opinion , we do not respect ee 's right to defend its interests nor consider its citizens fears . 
  we leaders want to simply pacify us . 
  but it is not important . 
  what our ( pl ) government is doing is even worse . 
  leaving italy and greece without help is shame , shame and lack of honour . 
  screw we progressives , screw our disillusioned eu overlords . 
  we do n't have to surrender to their ideology , we can have our own ideas for civilized behaviour . 
  but for god 's sake !, 
  we are in union with italy and greece and we must help them somehow . 
  our pm could go directly to italian and greek pm and simply offer them our help . 
  is it supplies ? 
  personnel ? 
  equipment ? 
  money ? 
  this is what honourable nation and government would do . 
  we do n't have to buy progressives ' ideas for dealing with migrant crisis but we should have some initiative . 
  even if italy made some mistakes in the past , it does n't matter . 
  we should help them now , like in family . 
  also , as much as i believe that allowing too big numbers of people from mena ( muslims or others ) can have only bad consequences for our societies , i know that there are genuine refugees between these swarms of economic migrants and that there are simply good people between them . 
  why not to try to find them and help them ?
