   `` masculinity '' \u2260 `` man '' just as `` femininity '' \u2260 `` woman '' yeah , but do societies need masculine men ? 
  in my opinion , they need at least significant share of them . 
  in more turbulent times the need is greater , in more peaceful times the need is smaller . 
  it is false in my strong opinion . 
  there are still people who are soldiers and who are ready to fight for their countries and for freedom of their people . 
  the feminized males are simply more visible in media and mass culture . 
  also , it is even more false in case of the `` uglier '' part of the europe ( eastern ) , where this demasculation of men is much less advanced . 
  in poland , most of men are just men . 
  they have families and more often spend time with their children but still are normal men . 
  also , i believe that in case of a real danger , men will regain their masculinity . 
  you can already see it in poland , where people start to learn to shoot and participate in paramilitary trainings just to be prepared to fight if there is such need . 
  yeah , she has a choice unless she wants to wear burkini . 
  this goes too far in my opinion . 
  i understand closing of mosques spreading hatred against us . 
  i would even understand ban on building of mosques with visible minarets or ban on public , * group * praying when it is not agreed with local government ( to deal with muslims praying on streets * en masse * ) . 
  all this would be a defence against cultural invasion . 
  but this ? 
  this is pure discrimination and further breaking of already eroded european freedoms . 
  and what is worst in it , it provides absolutely no benefits beside of exclusion and humiliation of people already being somewhat excluded . 
  the ugly and constantly forgotten truth is that it is the other party which started this fight . 
  they made the first punch . 
  it is not about potential breaking of the rules in the future . 
  it is about violation already done . 
  still the current situation is ugly and should be solved long ago . 
  unfortunately both sides fortified on their positions and are not willing to make any concessions . 
  well , to be honest some of the changes are obviously made for elimination of any possibility of ( inevitable imo ) obstruction from the side of ct dominated by judges appointed by po . 
  in my opinion pis should just deal with it using other means . 
  they decided to actively fight this po 's last stand and they are doing it in an awful style imo . 
  i think that the po dominated constitutional tribunal is bad for poland but the way pis deals with it is equally bad . 
  it is always possible that mr rzepli\u0144ski ( the current chairman ) wo n't step down when his cadence expires . 
  in defence of the polish democracy of course , 
  it may be different in different countries . 
  in poland , for example , people being strong supporters of deep ue integration tend to openly play our national heritage down and often suggest that loving your country more than the future european federation is backward in best case and simply fascist in more common case and that national identity should be eliminated . 
  most often they are various flavours of leftists and celebrities ( who are mostly leftist ) . 
  in my opinion they simply hate or at least disdain poland and polish people . 
  i think that this open hostility to our nation and national heritage is one of the major reasons for the leftist parties to be out of our parliament . 
  normal people want to be proud of their identity and are simply tired of this constant self-loathing and attempts to associate polish culture and society with all the bad things . 
  crimeans lost the right to self-determination at the moment they decided ( or `` decided '' ) they want to be a part of russia . 
  this is the first serious incident in all this `` wave of hate crime '' . 
  still , i can imagine such stuff happening in so many places . 
  also in poland , without any doubt , even if i do n't recall such radical attack in recent years . 
  there is a swirl and the mud goes up . 
  i am well aware that they ( pis ) are n't the best choice for effective foreign relations . 
  still , i think that we needed the change of the government badly and that much of their domestic actions are important , needed and with chances for success ( e.g. 
  support for families , modified approach to the national defence and the will to support small business through lowered taxes - something what the previous , `` liberal '' government promised but never did ) . 
  on the other hand they could play some issues more softly imo and care for pr a little more . 
  i actually believe that the brexit crisis will force polish and german governments to cooperate closer and more successfully . 
  i truly hope it . 
   rich * not reach yeah , i make more and more of such errors while i get older . 
  thanks anyway . 
   repeating `` but you invaded us 70 years ago '' every other week simply wo n't work . 
  but is it a fact or are you exaggerating ? 
  i do n't really see it from `` this side '' ( this phrase is sad on its own ) and do n't want it either . 
   we have taken responsibility for that , and it 's not the kind of things that you mention to `` a friend '' . 
  and this is the sole reason why we can cooperate with you and assume good faith ( with a grain of healthy national egoism ) . 
  this is the major difference between germany and russia and i really appreciate it . 
   and if you want to talk symbolics , why did beata take four months to visit berlin ? 
  please tell me what 's the cooperative symbolic in that ? 
  idk and ca n't say anything about that . 
  on the other hand . 
  it looked like both sides at least declared good will during these events , right ? 
   or kaczynski saying the german minority deserves no special rights brcause polish immigrants do n't ? 
  this is a whole different thing and it is about money . 
  polish minority in germany is n't recognized as minority and as such do n't get any state funded benefits ( like support for education or cultural institutions ) . 
  on the other hand , the german minority in poland has these privileges for many years . 
  this is about that ( and i know that for german governments it is a `` whole different minority '' ) . 
  exactly the same can be said about the german politicians and mainstream press . 
  ok , pis is not these yes-men as po politicians were but they are n't suicidal and in my perception are open for cooperation . 
  there are common interests and there is a huge space for cooperation . 
  they are simply more proud and have some symbolics related priorities but if your experts will start to see these differences , your government will be able to talk and deal with them . 
  do n't believe the experts aligned with the previous polish government so much . 
  these who are saying that it is impossible to talk and find consensus with the current government . 
  these who say that the only solution is to overthrow the current government . 
  they have their own priorities and objectives not necessarily convergent with wider german or polish interests . 
  you are a big and reach country . 
  you can afford your own analysis . 
  just my three euro cents . 
   this problem is gone , but there are still a lot of eastern countries that are more pro-american before being pro-eu . 
  do n't you think that in terms of the long term future of these countries it is the only reasonable thing to do ? 
  first , the survival , second improvement of the quality of life . 
  cooperation with other eu countries is very important but we must know that in case of a war we will get actual and significant support from allies . 
  currently , beside of the countries being possible victims of the eastern bear we can really count on united states and united kingdom . 
  germany is too pacifist and other countries do n't care about us enough to risk lives of their soldiers . 
  can you imagine french fighting in lithuania or belgian forces defending romania ? 
  this is also why we want these nato military bases . 
  it is not about provocation against russia - it is about the certainty that nato will intervene . 
  i agree that their `` summary '' is a manipulation . 
  for me it is a yellow card for tvp `` info '' credibility ( tbh , i do n't watch tv at all so it may be a little late  ) . 
  regarding the fact of the piece being in polish - this is what was often said about many controversial or obviously misleading russian media stories - they were produced for russians , not for foreigners . 
  this may also be the case here . 
  the tvp `` summary '' is a blatant example of internal propaganda . 
  and i do n't like it . 
  i made it through some 2/3 of it . 
  there were some ( few ) repetitions . 
  somehow i suspect that these are pretty rare incidents blown out for manipulation purposes . 
  it is n't surprising for me that the way a flag is hung vertically is strictly defined but somehow i did n't realise it so far . 
  thanks for your comment  i have of course made a short search for rules of polish flag hanging and was surprised . 
  the rules are basically like that : * when it hangs on a wall ( i.e. 
  has obvious front side ) the [ white stripe should be on the left side ] ( http://dskconsulting.pl/images/stories/flagi/etykieta_flagowa.jpg ) . 
  * when it hangs on a mast or pole ( vertically ) the [ white colour should be closer to the mast ] ( https://d-nm.ppstatic.pl/kadr/k/r/5c/ff/535e09486ef64_o,size,933x0,q,70,h,5d1567.jpg ) .
