  a country which you can trust less and less ? 
  maybe . 
  but not a direct danger . 
  russia on the other hand is a direct danger . 
  usa & uk seem to be on our side . 
  where is germany ? 
  on the fence in best case . 
  thinking about its lost profits . 
  lol . 
  when and how did poland pressure germany with gas ? 
  this is what your press says now ? 
  that nord stream is to save you against crazy polish ? 
  yeah , rationalize , rationalize ... deals with russia being in expansionist amok stage are justified because czechs , polish and lithuanians are basically russians . 
  we should be glad , this is almost like germany made a deal with us . 
  expect more of that soon . 
  we have just become a fascist regime worse than putin russia and orban hungary . 
  adam michnik and some celebrities will give some alarming interviews in the german press to confirm that . 
   what ex goverment did wrong arrogance , arrogance , arrogance . 
  and incompetence . 
  they forgot that they should represent their voters . 
  also , for many years they were concentrated on keeping the power and not much more . 
  they were hoping that they are able to win the most recent elections in the same , style they won previous ( evil pis ( law & justice ) is going to make a fascist regime and everyone will be persecuted - people do n't believe this hysterical statements anymore )  what new goverment did right they have hidden their `` warriors '' , some of them completely insane like mr macierewicz . 
  they behave just accurately - it 's the previous government which gave them the win . 
  in my opinion the change of the government is a good thing , the lack of sld is great thing ( it is a shame that this post-communist pile of s ** t was in our politics for 25 years ) . 
  the majority of mps from pis ( the winning party ) is not such a good thing . 
  i would strongly prefer them to be forced to rule with someone ( kukiz probably - the third party ) . 
  sounds good , 
  i will never understand it . 
  vytis would be one of best ( if not the best flag in europe ) . 
   surprising amount of people told me that they planned to vote for kukiz , but when they learned about us ( razem ) we got their vote . 
  is n't it an agitation ? 
  really , you could believe in people going from kukiz to nowoczesna , pis or even po , but razem ? 
  i must say that it would be beautiful to have communists from sld outed , even if we would get this new incarnation of ruch palikota instead . 
  i wo n't say because it is a secret voting  but i will be happy if po ( currently ruling , `` civic '' platform ) gets less than 20 % . 
  this is the chance for the europe !, 
  let 's use our * supernatural power of bureaucracy * !, 
  * we are deeply concerned by your hunger strike . 
  we have already put the procedure on the fast track !, 
  expect a word from us in 12 months . 
  if you are lucky . 
  * of course , we are doing everything we can , but there are just too many of you . 
  you will have to wait for your application being processed for something like 10 years . 
  or maybe 8 , if some of your colleagues leave . 
  or ... or maybe . . ... ... ... * we will happily grant you your 2000 euro worth benefits you are obviously entitled to . 
  yes !, 
  of course !, 
  cash only !, 
  see , your number is 73249 , you will have to wait until we call you . 
  what number is currently processed ? 
  6th or 7th if i recall correctly ... * yes , we would love to give you your brand new , free flat in the centre of berlin . 
  we have just started to build them , because you know , we were pretty surprised and could n't build them in advance . 
  you are already in the queue . 
  how long ? 
  not too long . 
  you will just have to wait 150 years or something . 
  believe me , it is much faster than the infinity a native european would wait !, 
  i hope that our special refugee appreciation offer satisfies your greatly valued sense of entitlement . 
  we are here to serve you and all , you know . 
   absolutely beautiful . 
  exactly . 
  this is hard to believe that such beautiful places exist . 
  fantastic , unbelievable , perfectly beautiful . 
  well , i agree that knowledge of history is very important . 
  it builds a base for reasoning about the future . 
  it is also crucial to know who can and who ca n't be trusted . 
  you were surprised that you got some down votes . 
  your posts seemed somewhat arrogant to me , so maybe they sounded similarly to others ( it could probably be a matter of wording or a limitation of text only communication ) . 
  i believed that this is a kind of feedback which may be useful to a person which is n't necessarily actually arrogant . 
  if it was n't useful then ... well ... no offence , 
  well , i would stay and fight if i only get a chance to , but i am middle aged and have something to fight for ( family , established life and a society i identify myself with ) . 
  younger people do n't have such strong ties unless raised with special respect to these values ( happens mostly recently after independence is regained ) . 
  additionally , when economic and political situation stabilizes , people , especially young people , tend to concentrate on their own priorities and needs , because social integrity , solidarity and unanimity is not crucial to survive and keep national identity anymore . 
  i have read about some recent study which revealed that there is a significant increase in patriotic and right wing attitudes between polish youth - it may be caused by weaker sense of safeness - because a war is happening behind our south-eastern border and one of our long-time rivals recently went into imperial mode again . 
  okay , i have to revise my hypothesis . 
  these young syrians migrating to europe have a war in their country . 
  why do n't they fight for it ? 
  idk , maybe patriotism is n't popular between them ? 
  maybe they are more eager to fight for their religion than for their country ? 
   judging by the downvotes , knowledgeable people are not welcome here . 
  i think it is rather a matter of looking arrogant than looking knowledgeable . 
  and i did n't downvote you . 
  i have recently had a moment of minor enlightenment . 
  in poland there is a kind of unpatriotic youth , often having a good work and acceptable salary , who often say that the first thing they would do in case of an aggression on our country is to run abroad . 
  there were even public figures stating so . 
  i suspect that these young male muslim people with fancy clothes and phones who are illegally migrating into eu may be just the same kind of people and they may actually be not really dangerous to us . 
  * i like every single nation of the eu and i hope it will reform and survive . 
  * i like russians and i believe that i can somewhat understand the causes of their current imperial/nationalistic amok . 
  i hope that they will get better . 
  * all people of muslim background i have met were pretty normal people . 
  i did n't met much of them though . 
  excellent , very informative thread , 
  to be honest , i can understand their sentiment . 
  look , they changed the country they are living , from their fatherland to a country which they surely were learnt to disrespect and disdain . 
  the change was against their will , in the moment of weakness of their great world shaking empire . 
  it would be naive to expect that they will instantly start to respect and love their new , tiny , completely not imperial country . 
  it can only change if they will live better in estonia than their compatriots after the river but even in such case it is not sure . 
  they will probably stay russians for ages but with time they will become a little different russians , a new kind of eesti-russians . 
  maybe at some time they will even be loyal to estonia but it surely will take long time . 
  a different thing is interesting for me . 
  are these russian districts of tallin and entire russian cities a no-live or even no-go areas for estonians or if you are a little too idealistic you , while being an estonian , could safely go and live there ?
