   after you talk you people you can find yourself in a place that people do n't have kids ( or just have one ) mostly because they do n't want to . 
  what can do you if you see yourself in that position ? 
  in my ( maybe a little too strong ) opinion , people do n't want to have children because they were trained to not want them . 
  they were constantly taught how it is loss of freedom , end of life and general disaster to have a permanent family and two or three children . 
  how it is better to be concentrated on yourself and your career and your hobby and your cat . 
  it was so at least here in poland . 
  there are 25 years of anti-parenthood propaganda behind us here in poland and we gather its fruits , now . 
  hahaha . 
  i missed that episode , too . 
  thank you , good soul :d, 
  what about riga ? 
  would you die for riga ? 
  it would be interesting to see that from the lithuanian perspective with the commonwealth maps being the same . 
  what you said is basically true . 
  throwing all these people out , most of them being not perfectly integrated but innocent at the same time , would be barbaric , inhuman and simply evil . 
  that 's why i think that poland should oppose introduction of significant muslim minorities at all costs , unfortunately also political . 
  this is the point we probably differ fundamentally if i recall correctly . 
  i am however puzzled how you could get negative score for this comment . 
  it was stating true and was n't controversial at all . 
  unless civilized behaviour is controversial of course . 
   the idea that you can actually boil down what most jews think , a group that 's divided from the middle east to america , europe and even india and ethiopia , as if they were some kind of hivemind is beyond ridiculous . 
  do you even realize how ingrained this bigotry is in you that you `` default '' to this thinking ? 
  somehow `` knowing '' that most of poles are hard core anti-semites because you saw some article about anti-semitic hooligans is all right and totally not bigot . 
  do you even realize how prejudiced are you against something like 50 millions of people ? 
  because you `` know '' they are evil ? 
  i know that there are stupid and genuinely anti-semitic creatures between polish people . 
  i can only assure you ( but you wo n't believe me , because you `` know '' ) that vocal anti-semitism ( like calling someone jude in a pejorative context ) is practically non-existing at the place i live ( medium city ) . 
  i have n't heard slurs of these kind in the streets for years at least . 
  the `` anti-semitic majority '' is so silent that it is very hard if even possible to find something anti-semitic on buildings ' walls ( graffiti ) . 
  it of course means that we are hiding our anti-semitism , right ? 
  to practice it at homes ? 
  yeah , i am surely writing all this to cover our true nature . 
  or maybe your `` knowledge '' is a kind of prejudice ? 
  can your opinions be a little too harsh ? 
  is it possible that you may be at least a little wrong ? 
  is n't it funny how they concentrate on completely insignificant issue and discriminate muslim women on that ? 
  really , these burkinis and headscarfs are n't the problem . 
  the problem are aggressive , testosteron loaded , hateful young people from mena . 
  but it would be inappropriate to be against them , so it is better to join them and make lives of their women even harder . 
  i ca n't comprehend it , sorry . 
  if you want to find an ally on muslim side , you should look at their women , because they have something to gain and they raise their children until some point . 
  what type of people do these lists include ? 
  only these who died in gulag or were executed ? 
  are people who were in gulag but survived supposed to be included ? 
   either way , is it okay for man/woman to get his life destroyed just because condom was broken or being dumb and doing unsafe sex ? 
  life destroyed . 
  well . 
  if a little of responsibility and a pinch of limitations is able to destroy your life then you actually are not suited to live a human life . 
  what will happen when you will have to take care for someone ? 
  or you will have to work and pay rent ? 
  or a war will start ? 
   who is doing that ? 
  no intelligent person would ever recommend using abortion as birth control . 
  when you have a cheap , easily accessible `` medical procedure '' available `` on demand '' then there are women which do n't give a frack . 
  there are even women who like to brag about how many children they aborted . 
  also , when the mother does n't want a child and she aborts it , then what it is if not a birth control ? 
   do you think masturbation should also be illegal because you 're killing potential children ? 
   what 's the difference between gametes and zygotes and why is the line drawn arbitrarily at the formation of the latter ? 
  where is the line behind which you ca n't kill it ? 
  3 months ? 
  5 months ? 
  8 months ? 
  birth ? 
  3 hours after the birth ? 
   sooo ... masturbation should be illegal then ? 
  having sex with women who ca n't get pregnant ? 
  cause you 're kind of killing unborn children whenever you do either of those too ; all those millions of sperm could 've developed into children , after all . 
  is it some festive of bad argumentation ? 
  do you see a difference between a spermatozoon ( sorry , i do n't know the less medical word for it in english ) and a developed fetus or even a fertilized egg split one time ? 
  no , masturbation is not killing . 
  aborting [ this ] ( http://image.slidesharecdn.com/thefetaldevelopment101-120116223658-phpapp02/95/the-fetal-development-11-728.jpg?cb=1326754559 ) ( safe image ) is killing . 
   abortion is n't fundamentally different ; you 're not killing an unborn child ; you 're killing a clump of cells that could develop into an unborn child . 
  see this [ 9 week clump of cells ] ( http://img.webmd.boots.com/dtmcms/live/webmd_uk/consumer_assets/site_images/articles/thumbnails_daily_images/2013/493x335/foetal_development_images/493x335_boots_baby_development_week9.jpg ) . 
   fetuses are n't `` unborn children '' . 
  did you even enter the word `` fetus '' into images.google.com search ? 
  if not , then do it ( do n't afraid - it looks nice , nothing terrific there ) and come back saying how it is not an unborn children . 
   a fetus ca n't survive on its own . 
  it is fully dependent on its mother 's body , unlike living human beings . 
  temporary . 
  born human beings sometimes ca n't survive on their own , too . 
  does it mean that we should kill them instead of helping them ? 
   even if a fetus was alive , the `` right to life '' does n't imply a right to use somebody else 's body wow . 
  just wow . 
  even if it is alive ? 
  also , it has no choice but to rely on its mother . 
  would you self-abort yourself to not take your mother 's right to decide on her body ? 
  in one sentence you say that it is not a human . 
  i assume that even a dog has a greater right to live than this `` thing '' . 
  in another sentence you say that it imposes its will on its mother body . 
  sorry but your `` facts '' are incoherent ideology . 
  what is your excuse for being in favour of killing unborn children ? 
  can you imagine that some people feel sorry for these little beings killed for comfort of women ? 
  i am not talking about genetic diseases . 
  i am talking about abortion used as contraception mean . 
   `` being a man '' is not equivalent to a having a testosterone-fuelled need for violence ; e.g. 
  by `` learn [ ing ] to shoot and participat [ ing ] in paramilitary trainings just to be prepared to fight '' this is not about walking around testosterone loaded . 
  it 's about not behaving like a egoistic coward when your country is attacked and your family and freedom is at risk . 
  it is about the will and necessary military skills . 
  both of them may be found also in women , btw . 
  we have a great track of national heroines as well as simple , brave women soldiers here in poland .
