  i scrolled thru the whole thread and did not find any wall jokes  i think we need to get boris johnson working on your eu membership :d, 
  lets not forget those poor passengers shot down by advanced weaponry ... 
  so do remind us how east germany compared to west last time around, 
  i was trying to think of a word for this , and trolling is the only one that fits best, 
  there is a huge problem with that , goods/people/services could flow to <  from both economic blocks fueling smuggling . 
  it would be the same as the uk doing a hard brexit but cars/people/lorries not checked on irish border ( cross border smuggling has always been an issue here , this would be 100x worse ), 
  well just today the russians got accused of war crimes at the un , and nothing will be done about it . 
  your sarcasm wont help those people in syria being bombed by russia, 
  ah straight from the little handbook of misinformation with putin 's picture on top point 13.5 always create doubt about non russian media ------------ hey sky are dipshits ( and owned by murdoch ) for most of the time but that was a rather interesting piece the have done with facts to back it up . 
  i suppose in years we will find out there was a mysterious spike in heart attacks , alcoholism related deaths and sudden adult death syndrome ... until then sweep it all under the carpet , how did that workout with afghanistan in the 80s for russian vets ? 
  neh you will get there once you annex 5 regions belonging to your neighbors , considering the torries can not arrange a pissup at a brewery there is hope . 
  russians on the other hand are not told about `` volunteers '' mercenaries that get drafted into syria and endup coming back in body bags . 
  sky had a good journalist investigative peace on that story few weeks bac , tho i suppose there is no journalists left in russia who will go against the grain , having learned the meaning of `` plata o plomo '', 
  putins regime does has scary similarities in their rhetoric and carry on with the fascist experiments of the 20th century . 
  millions of russians must be spinning in their graves, 
  i dont remember yugoslavia being the 51st state nor any `` yugoslavia is ours '' media campaigns ... 
  aside : this forum need a `` no shit sherlock '' tag, 
  irish drink, 
  nato has not annexed any of its neighbours ( plural ) . 
  any country that unilaterally steps out of line would be in breach of treaties they signed , which politician would want to meddle in that ? 
  there is !, 
  uk has plenty of trade links with ireland but when it comes to bottom line vs `` solidarity '' guess which one will win out, 
  finland is a `` real '' threat to russia now ? 
  polish then is the 2nd largest spoken language on the island of ireland , with irish being the 3rd despite schools attempts to hammer it into people ( instead of teaching them something useful for when they grow up like french or spanish or german ), 
   they also stripped out all the useful grammar out of the mix because it was ** to ** hard . 
  yes yes to hard, 
  needs putin in photo too then , with no shirt on, 
  so economic migrants , gotcha, 
  got my 13 billion on the way to work, 
  considering the uk invented globalization and has attracted people from all over the empire for centuries , what is your opinion ? 
  this time without having to consider the uks position , [ since according to brexiters on this site the uk and the us will become a single market ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5492x9/wolfgang_schauble_offers_boris_johnson_lesson_on/d80300k ) :d, 
  how long would `` i '' need then exactly ? 
  so i can edit my reminder, 
  3 years `` check out @perkel666 prophecy '', 
  right i see that not only basic political expediency was lost during brexit but also basic english comprehension . 
  best of luck . 
  realpolitik ? 
  nope wrong word there mate , stupidity and/or recklessness are not a negotiating tactic . 
  the norwegians did not go driving buses around quoting figures ( pulled out of their rear ) based on a lie having to pay the eu to access its market , while implementing its laws , and not having a say in how the whole thing is run is politically/practically a worse position to be in . 
  retardation means going backwards but i see you are trying to twist it as an insult in order to deflect from the great irony and the incredible stupidity that brexit leading to an eea type membership would be, 
  under eea you will have to 1 ) pay and 2 ) implement things ( whether you like em or not ) and still have no say in the process its a politically retarded step , but i suppose we are entering the age of political retardation , so sigh, 
  threatening to blow oneself up in a crowded room is not negotiation , it is ... ... 
  i will cut my nose to spite my face says boris go ahead says everyone else, 
  i was going to post in this thread `` well done guys '' since you have out competed ireland where these web summits started as the host . 
  which in itself is worth a thread ... 
  but then i saw your post , whatever your are on might be good idea to stop taking as much of it . 
  he wont , people like him need their money kept somewhere safe, 
  ah so thats how the russian mafia launders their money london chip shops all making sense now, 
   if our manufacturing export economy flourishes then less money is needed for benefits . 
  so you manufacture a lot of widgets lets say , but now you find that you are cut off from the worlds largest market which you had unfettered access to before ( or have to pay tarrifs ) do tell how that story ends for the widget maker ? 
  they hired better statisticians this time , 
  no homers club, 
   ireland sending troops to eu battle groups requires the motion to pass the triple lock procedure ( un + govt + parliament approval )  using the navy in the mediterranean alongside european forces a humanitarian mission which could be done by a unified coast guard , which does not have to have a military aim . 
   and having a unified european army means completely abandoning neutrality , which is a nono and a big sticking point if you have followed politics and referenda going back decades like myself, 
  of course the question does the eu start ignoring its own promises and treaties when it comes to military affairs as they have done with tax recently . 
  it could be a slippery slope, 
  26 countries , there is no way in hell ireland would join this due to our neutrality and triple lock constraint in lisbon treaty now if the commission tries to force us into it like they are now doing with taxes ( despite giving assurances at lisbon referendum ( s ) that our taxation policies are our concern ) then one would start to question what sort of eu has the eu become, 
  border control would be a policing matter tho , and i doubt everyone would object to a unified coast guard / border patrols hell even us irish have sent ships to the med to participate there . 
  a joint military would be something else entirely, 
  would the first step then not be to actually spend more on their own militaries as they are required by nato treaty ? 
  european nato members are not pulling their weight so the brunt of the defense cost endsup falling on the us . 
   different nations have different views on how it should be used . 
  of course and thankfully ireland has its neutrality ( tho whether an aggressor would view us as neutral is a different question ) but there is nato already , and european members are not pulling their weight in that alliance , what would a parallel alliance accomplish that can not be done under nato ? 
  i understand that the eastern members have a crazy neo-fascist on their doorstep and are rightfully worried , they could be steamrolled in space of weeks and the response from the rest might range from appeasement to a full nuclear war . 
  but what i do not understand is why the eu has to become militarized seeing that most of the same countries are in nato ( and are not meeting their obligations to that ) why create a parallel structure ? 
  as for what the uk thinks , they have played the `` do this or we will leave card '' for the last time and no one cares anymore what the uk thinks unless `` brexit does not mean brexit '' edit : if you are going to downvote then at least have the decency to reply as to why you might disagree with my post . 
  considering that every second video on these tubes is of russian ladies getting it up the rear i do not think this `` ban '' is being enforced . 
  install speakers along the border and play this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao43p2wqc08, 
  tl.dr : new uk position is `` do not bite the hand that feeds '', 
  they must have pissed off a powerful competitor ( i can think of one or two but wont name them due to me not wanting to be sued ! ), 
  here in ireland it is a tactic often used by retail businesses to keep competition from competing by `` bringing to attention '' planning inconsistencies, 
  someone call for me, 
  no but you can put the funds onto a 40gram hardware wallet and shove it up your rear or wherever you want to hide it instead of being caught with your loot and made look like a russian corruption minister :d, 
  shoulda bought bitcoin, 
  yes we are in the single market but we never joined schengen `` the schengen zone includes most eu member states except ireland , which opted out like britain , and bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , and romania , which are waiting to join the zone . 
  iceland , liechtenstein , norway and switzerland have signed schengen association agreements . '', 
  ** read my post again and go take english comprehension classes . 
  ** if the uk does leave then we in ireland would have no choice but to impose border controls ( and vice versa ) whether we are in shengen or not . 
  simply because if we ( or the uk side does not ) then smugglers ( no lack of gangs along the border as is ) will be able to take advantages of opportunities of moving goods/people between the 2 jurisdictions . 
  if the shengen area in meantime imposes and esta like system then as an irish citizen i would prefer we join it ( assuming the uk leaves ) so as not to be subjected to bureaucracy . 
  and we already receive extra scrutiny when travelling to the uk from ireland as i have mentioned in my previous post . 
  looking over the last 4 decades of my life i traveled more to eu countries and us states than northern ireland or uk where even despite the `` common travel area '' you are made to feel like a suspect especially in airports such as gatwick . 
  hell every time i take a ferry my car gets searched for drugs and they even asked several times if i am transporting assault weapons ( !, 
  wtf ! ), 
  my last time in uk earlier this year i was struck by how little people smile and how many frowns the people i encountered look , no wonder they voted to brexit , they seem to need an outsider to blame for their problems whatever they are . 
  i would rather less hassle traveling to eu/us than the uk , tho i can see how people in border counties would be negatively affected . 
  tho then again its not like we in the south have a say so whichever way the uk goes we just have to keep buggering on and make the best of whatever cards are dealt . 
  applies to ireland and irish too since we are not part of shengen and stayed with the original `` common travel area '' with the uk tho once the uk leaves there be no reasons left not to join shengen , especially if it means doing silly esta like forms edit : downvoted why exactly ? 
  like the old colonies across the pond who have brexited long time ago ? 
  there is a bit more to it than your post implies 1 . 
  * most of this $ 13 billion will be claimed/wanted by other states * , why should our revenue act as a tax collector for other countries ? 
  it is up to courts to judge on the legality of all this , at the end of the day the eu commision can not act as a judge , jury and executioner . 
  especially seeing that with uk leaving the eu ireland will be one of the last common law countries in eu . 
  finally and most importantly it sets a bad precedent if laws/taxes are collected retroactively in such a manner , see point 2 above about a judge needing to figure out if laws were actually broken . 
  this would have a negative effect in inward investment , ireland only has the population of manchester keep in mind , without investment it would remain a backwater, 
   that being said , considering vw is a fairly major employer in germany , i would n't be surprised if germany attempted to block such a move . 
  they 'd never accept vw tanking . 
  well then the eu commission can slap germany with a fine for `` providing state aid to a company which is distorting competition '' right ? 
  right ?? 
  or am i thinking apples and oranges here,
