  rampant corruption , with the prime minister ( ex president and putin 's cutout ) getting his hand caught in the cookie jar sort of speak . 
   like whom ? 
  congrats thats exactly the type of questions putin wants you to be asking while he continues to distract the russian population with bread and circuses . 
  all while himself and his cronies are lining their pockets and building themselves palaces , vineyards and yachts . 
  you know we have corruption here in europe too , [ but nowhere near as brazen and rampant as this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrwlk7_gf9g ) its just incredible , in a 100 years russia has come around full circle to tsars living in palaces while the average russian remains in the mud . 
  i seen that movie !, 
   rising from the ashes of world war iii , the first seeds of the federation were brought forth in 2063 , when doctor zefram cochrane created earth 's first warp-capable ship , the phoenix . 
  however , cybernetic creatures from the future , the borg , came back in time to prevent its launch and assimilate earth . 
  spasibo , its ok i actually understand russian being born in ussr  watching now its just of course there is nothing about this subject on the offical russian language satellite tv channels here ... 
  seems putin 's unwillingness ( unable without implicating himself ? ), 
  to tackle corruption is going to bite him in the rear . 
  i just hope he does n't do a frank underwood / spoilers on it and start a war to deflect attention . 
  edit : holy fuck just watched it , that takes corruption to a new level , great use of drones btw, 
  can someone provide a background as to what triggered these protests ? 
  thanks, 
  its definitely by far one of the nicer caribbean islands , having a european feel , not much poverty is a definite plus compared to other islands . 
  yeh fbi, 
  actually i would be shocked , irish banks are too incompetent , and large sums of money would be noticed, 
  but but we were told euro and eu is a failed project rotten to the core which is about to fall apart ? 
   what 's this got to do with trump ? 
  he probably handed over intel to russians or someone is tying up lose ends , take a pick . 
  well the uk can always become a ** larger ** money laundering operation for russians/saudis/chinese . 
  all while schizophrenicly giving out to the same states about human rights on one hand while removing human rights with the other hand for own citizens . 
  that # 350 million a week has to come from somewhere right ? 
  edit : [ to give people context here is the report this article is based on ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/60p9ox/the_russian_laundromat_scheme_exposed/ ), 
  have you seen the prices of hotels in london ? 
  insane . 
  what are you some kind of expert edit : jesus people no comprende sarcasm ? 
   3 days later : / u/notreallytbhdesu found dead . 
  suicide by three shots in the back of the head which happened while falling from a balcony , falling on a needle containing ricin + polonium mixture . 
   many pretty girls contrasted with many pictures of babushkas wtf happens to these pretty ladies as they got older !, 
  more details in a parallel thread https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/60p9ox/the_russian_laundromat_scheme_exposed/, 
   the near limitless supply of guinness probably does n't hurt either at over 5 euro a pint it hurts very much, 
  the cheek of you comparing argentina to the great british empire / s, 
   we agreed with the eu budget . 
  that 's not the same as agreeing to pay after leaving . 
  would you rather we 'd just refused to agree to any budget ? 
  you went in restaurant with your buddies , you all agreed on steak . 
  you are now refusing to pay for steak ( pensions for likes of nigel farage btw ) you expect your friends to continue to be your friends after you screw them over . 
  keep in mind that part of this bill is future pension payments for likes of nigel farage ... 
   we already had a bloody vote . 
  you can say the same about elections being held every few years , what were you saying about `` democracy '' again ? 
  oh thats right you spell democracy as h-y-p-o-c-r-i-c-y and how is you speaking for millions of other scots and trying to pass your opinion as everyones democratic ? 
  which part of `` go for it '' is hard to understand ? 
  do whatever you guys want , its your `` country '' ( yes commas ) , assuming that westminster let you guys have a vote . 
  but do n't come here claiming the uk system is `` democratic '' ( yes commas ) and everything is hunky dory . 
  hey if you want to be ruled by un-elected elites from another country , who care little for your concerns , go for it . 
  hell they even dragging their feet about giving you a vote , how democratic ... btw its a bit rich describing the uk system as a `` democracy '' * first past the post elections * un-elected lords * hereditary monarch as head of state * mps who seem to come from same elite schools * no constitution to protect the citizens from the state there is a bit more to democracy than just being able to vote , points at putin 's russia over there . 
   there is nothing false about this . 
  uk itself had a 10 % deficit only a few short years ago , if you count the debt of the publicly owned banks ( which is hidden from official debt figures ) then things are even worse, 
  english have tried to use the `` they cant pay for themselves , because they are financially illiterate and we are awesome '' strawman argument before against home rule here in ireland https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_of_ireland_act_1914  the financial situation was a concern . 
  irish taxes had yielded a surplus of # 2 million in 1893 , that had turned into a current spending net deficit of # 1.5 m by 1910 that had to be raised by london . 
  an annual `` transferred sum '' mechanism was proposed to maintain spending in ireland as it was, 
  unlikely what is likely is that all of eastern europe will veto any trade deal with britain since you guys managed to piss everyone off by letting the racists and xenophobes crawl out of the woodwork . 
   scotland would n't get back in the eu anyway eu already said uk is welcome to return , they will bend over backwards to accommodate scotland , as added bonus it will tighten screws on westminster in upcoming negotiations, 
  go for it , thanks to tories you guys are put into a shitty position against your will . 
  do n't worry we in ireland brexited long time ago and are doing quite well , with no oil either . 
  can call it ... mayday ... 
  uk has a deficit of 5.5 % excluding public banks and 50 % of its trade is with eu , last time it had deficit of 10 % was 6-7 years ago ... you cant be for brexit and be against scottish independence without exposing yourself for a hypocrite . 
  btw ireland had quite a deficit , we managed to bring it down , we also have a much higher gdp per capita than uk without any natural resources such as oil , something scotland should take note of . 
  yet the scottish economy will implode if they leave / s, 
   why not just tweet it ? 
  you know i would not be a least bit surprised if a certain douche tweets `` dear mericans we r @ war , because north koread bad genes , mkay '', 
  well if scotland leaves then it be red and white brexit with no blue anywhere :d, 
  can we get comments like this ^ ^ any time one of the brexiteer twats starts going on about how the economy is doing great after `` independence day '', 
  350 million a week will make for great fireworks, 
  well germany can send buses then to pick them up on syrian border , it 's a win win no ? 
   i like your train of thought . 
  three scots and three irishmen are traveling by train to a conference . 
  at the station , the three irishmen each buy tickets and watch as the three scots buy only a single ticket . 
  `` how are three people going to travel on only one ticket ? '', 
  asks an irishman . 
  `` watch and you 'll see , '' answers a scot . 
  they all board the train . 
  the irishmen take their respective seats but all three scots cram into a bathroom and close the door behind them . 
  shortly after the train has departed , the conductor comes around collecting tickets . 
  he knocks on the bathroom door and says , `` ticket , please . '', 
  the door opens just a crack and a single arm emerges with a ticket in hand . 
  the conductor takes it and moves on . 
  the irishmen see this and agree it was quite a clever idea . 
  so after the conference , the irishmen decide to copy the scots on the return trip and save some money ( being clever with money , and all that ) . 
  when they get to the station , they buy a single ticket for the return trip . 
  to their astonishment , the scots do n't buy a ticket at all . 
  `` how are you going to travel without a ticket ? '', 
  says one perplexed irishman . 
  watch and you 'll see , '' answers a scot . 
  when they board the train the three irishmen cram into a bathroom and the three scots cram into another one nearby . 
  the train departs . 
  shortly afterwards , one of the scots leaves his bathroom and walks over to the bathroom where the irishmen are hiding . 
  he knocks on the door and says , `` ticket , please . '', 
  counter missile technology ( detection and destruction ) could be improved on and would cost incredible amounts of money . 
  shifting the balance of power back to conventional military . 
  something the russians have no hope of achieving ( due to their corrupt system no longer being capable of much innovation ) but the germans can . 
   there 's no immediate thread that could make us europe 's biggest battlefield in 2017 uhm points at russian nuclear missiles in kalingrad which can turn any german cities into radioactive rubble at a press of a button on the behest of a fascist madman who already invaded 2 of his ( previously friendly with ) neighbors . 
  the same madman who is so closely following ( and innovating on ) the script created by a certain austrian fella in the 20th century . 
  give them time , eu kept alot of the orwellian urges away , but going forwards they already want to scrap human rights and so on, 
  did n't take long for a `` but but the usa '' whataboutism comment, 
   people say that england is too big for a federal system and would need to be split up in order for federalism to work but that just sounds like a silly excuse it is a silly excuse , look at germany ( and russia tho thats bad example due to lack of democracy there now ), 
   largely on the back of local issues a border between two ireland 's will be a rather big local issue ... 
   western media do n't like reporting ukrainian corruption because it does n't fit into their agenda .
