  we were looking at holiday destinations , my wife threw a fit when i suggested a turkey or egypt . 
  i do n't blame her , a holiday is for relaxation not worrying about some extremist terrorizing you . 
  so southern europe or caribbean it is . 
  i wonder how many people are avoiding turkey now in light of last year events . 
  i see there has been a drop in cruise stopovers as well . 
   cost of living here is brutal . 
  personal taxes and hidden taxes/charges are also brutal , cost of living too ( see parallel thread map about it today ), 
  [ this is putin and russia we are talking about ] ( http://imgur.com/8ccckfo ) source : https://books.google.ie/books?id=kr-jdaaaqbaj, 
  11 $ billion down drain imho , whats to stop putin from re nationalising this share back under his control , not like it was n't done before . 
  but no marmite or toblerone , these are not red , white and blue enough, 
  wait wait are you telling me i should be politically correct ? 
  so much for trump/brexiteer disdain for political correctness ... the irony ... or you only want political correctness when it suits you ? 
  i have no idea what the continental papers are saying your line of thinking is `` our papers are bad so theirs must be the same '' except british papers are in a league of their own , btw its not just tabloids , look at the telegraph or the times , they are more toned down but still plenty of bullshit on display, 
  the problem is that the peasants are burning their own homes down harming themselves ( brexit ) while the `` elites '' in their gleaming towers just relocate elsewhere . 
  i couldnt give a rats arse about uk tabloids insulting the eu ( and it seems the eu doesnt either , they just setup a debunking uk tabloids page in response ) what really grates me about this whole brexit is how citizens of eu countries are being lumped with all other immigrants and somehow viewed as subhuman , especially the uk newspapers and sky news stories about the polish in uk . 
  i am not polish but the whole `` holier than thou '' + `` dey took oor jobs '' attitude against poles ( and other eastern europeans ) is really annoying , probably because we in ireland experienced the same `` no irish need apply '' discrimination in the past . 
  it is not their fault their countries ended up being poorer due to being under soviet occupation for half a century . 
  articles and comments about how eu citizens in uk will be used as `` pawns '' in negotiations . 
  articles and comments about ministers wanting eu citizens who work in uk companies put on lists and named . 
  how would you feel if the same measures were taken against millions of brits living in eu oh and lets not forget the whole bit about uk people living in eu called `` expats '' but vice versa the word used is `` migrants '' . 
  wow double plus good !, 
  to answer your question no the headlines ( in this country ) when it comes to uk and brexit are nowhere as daft as what is being seen in uk tabloids ( and likes of telegraph also ) . 
  if you guys want to leave the eu that 's fine , most of the headlines and stories here are about how brexit might affect ireland . 
  people want to know how brexit will affect our economy and that is what the media is writting . 
  i do not see any vilifying headlines ( such as the now infamous `` enemy of the people '' ones regarding judges in uk rags ) against the uk once again the subject matter of all uk/brexit related articles is `` how will it impact us '', 
  actually no the media reaction here was the same as the reaction of normal people `` what the feck are they at ?!, 
  this makes no sense ! '', 
  followed by `` why do they hate us out of a sudden ? '', 
  followed by `` brexit will impact x , y and z an possibly create opportunities in a , b , c '' as for uk political figures , to be honest they are the ones making right fools of themselves with their lack of a plan and their silly proposals and proclamations . 
  goto the `` wtf are they at '' point made above actually my biggest reaction is that the uk wants to have the cake and eat it too , you guys want to leave the eu but retain all the benefits without having any responsibilities . 
  it would be like me wanting to retain a citizen of this country , be able to get welfare but not pay any more taxes , its daft !, 
  if the uk is given what they ( seem ) to want then myself and 450 million other europeans get screwed . 
  since the uk started with this `` us vs them '' nonsense , then yeh i very much care that `` us '' doesnt get shafted to keep `` them '' happy . 
  canadians ? 
  my post was referring to the uk vs japanese approach to trade negotiations ones are polite the others are buffoonish and insulting . 
   do you honestly believe powers that be will risk an actual war against european powers ? 
  especially when they keep their money and property there ? 
  uhm yes if putin gets an idea in his head that an invasion of baltics would have little to no repercussions for him or russia while potentially splintering nato , then he will go for it . 
  likes of trump being cosy with him and claiming us wont honor its nato obligations doesnt help , neither are german people saying they dont care for protecting eastern nato members helping either . 
  as for property and money hidden in west by russians , these are sheltered behind shell companies and illegal structures . 
  it will take an army of accountants and a long time to get to bottom of these by which time the assets could be sold . 
  i think the bigger irony is that britain will find it hard to reach a deal with eu after farage and co ( and newspapers ) insulting everyone any anyone with this brexit hoopla . 
  shouldnt be a problem , i do not see japanese going around and insulting everyone . 
  being polite and quiet and non retarded is a definite plus in politics and trade . 
   i think every house in ireland got one to help with the change over . 
  the changeover took a month , it was pretty seamless . 
  yep i worked on tills at a supermarket then , got used to dual currency real quick and before you know it punts were gone !, 
   and a potential megabomb !, 
  lovely basic physics fail , sigh, 
  the west : that 's fine you guys continue your vacation in syria . 
  [ putin orders start of syria withdrawal , saying goals are achieved ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/15/world/middleeast/putin-syria-russia-withdrawal.html ) https : / / www . 
  com/news/335624-russia-planes - withdraw-syria /, 
  didnt putin declare `` mission accomplished '' and said all russians will leave syria ? 
  alright you win russia stronk please do not annex us , i even like vodka and dashcam videos, 
  its a russian carrier it might sink and cause embarrassment , look at the embarrassment in caused just barely managing to smoke its way around europe . 
  if you take nuclear weapons russia have out of equation , their military is small , underfunded and based on obsolete weaponry with not enough funding to replace it with latest equipment , which to their credit they continue to create ( albeit in small numbers ) . 
  oh i see , thought this was another dupe thread . 
  a leaked memo saying she is furious about an earlier memo also being leaked . 
  this comedic gold . 
  breaking fake news ( from macedonia ) : @bbog says putin has a small dick , nuclear apocalypse at 11 . 
  its idle in port , if you screw up you can kill people in port and cause damage to not just the carrier ( never mind yourself ) also its not the same landing on a moving , bobing carrier when compared to landing on a static airfield or static carrier . 
  oh you guys , i take your subcommittee 's and i raise you with an irish style tribunal https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mahon_tribunal, 
   is this the best article title of 2016 ? 
  nope [ `` we might have just discovered 2 dark moons hidden near uranus '' ] ( http://www.sciencealert.com/we-might-have-just-discovered-2-new-dark-moons-hiding-near-uranus ), 
   and there shouldnt be another one ever again , about anything , ever . 
  i cant tell, 
  actually a small majority , but all that aside they simply voted on whether to leave or not . 
  there should now be another referendum asking them what brexit they prefer with a range of options given ( lets say 3 options ), 
   russia did n't bomb capital of european country . 
  nato did . 
  nato did not invade and annex land from two of its previously friendly neighbours , russia did . 
  erm what ? 
   yeah ... no , the press believed it was their duty to be the pr-agency of the democratic party . 
  that is your opinion , now i dare you to consistently publish opinions as a journalist in russia contrary to putin 's aims . 
  be careful in those flat stairwells ... 
  cheers appreciated , very interesting video it seems truth no longer matters no wonder 2016 is so topsy turvy, 
  anyone know the full name of the bbc documentary and date it was aired ? 
   is it wrong to revel in the death of credibility of major news outlets ? 
  they deserve it imo . 
  yes it is wrong , its similar to one celebrating a plane that is about to crash while being on that plane the alternative to free media is state controlled media , points at russia for an example where the media was pushed into its puppet of kremlin current form and anyone who disagreed was simply murdered . 
   usually more free trade is the best deal for all parties . 
  in this case i do n't see the eu going for that direction . 
  punishing the other for petty feelings seems what 's going on here . 
  giving uk free trade but not allowing free movement punishes 450 million odd eu27 citizens by not allowing them to pursue opportunities in uk ( and vice versa for that matter ) and stop with the silly `` punishing '' them meme . 
  no one forced the uk to have a referendum , no one forced the uk politicians to take a turn down retard lane , hell if anything for over 40 years the eu bent over backwards to accommodate the uk and their demands . 
  and its not just freedom of movement , good luck to the uk lets say trying to create a free trade deal with china or us without having to follow some of their regulations and whims ( oh the horror ) , yet they want free trade without the regulation and without other european citizens being able to move to and work in uk, 
  thats another problem `` you dont like putin ? '', 
  followed immediately by `` why do you hate russia ?! '', 
  putin = = russia nowadays unfortunately, 
  i ca n't wait for putin to invade ireland to protect my rights / s one of my parents was soviet , i was born and lived thru dying decade of the ussr ( yes no toilet paper , yes queues for bread everyday , meat whats that ? ) . 
  my grandparent and great grandparents fought and got medals in the great patriotic war ( both would be spinning in their graves if they knew how fascist russia has become under putin ) . 
  i only have irish citizenship , older relatives who are also here are split between those who hate everything that russia has become to those who love putin and watch russian language satellite channels , but when asked `` where would you like your children and grandchildren to grow up and work , europe or russia ? '', 
  they quickly shut up since it cut right down to the core of it . 
  russia is still a shit hole . 
   fair enough , the eu wasnt as flexible as the uk has expected wasnt that a brexit argument ? 
  that the eu is not flexible so why are they surprised ? 
  does the regulation say anything about bent , hairy , ginger , irish bananas ? 
  make sure to double check the cookies only contain approved e additives https://www.food.gov.uk/science/additives/enumberlist, 
  i see a business opportunity developing of placing wireless masts along the border and beaming `` unadulterated '' ~ ~ pron ~ ~ internet for the consumption of our puritan neighbors :d you can take my idea and go setup a company then buy a stall at the web summit next year + also get funding from enterprise ireland and eu  its a win win, 
  extra double meat please,
