  btw somalia has a corporate tax rate of zero , i dont see it as a beacon of industry , neither it is in eu :d, 
   a failure compared to its founding ideal . 
  which is what exactly ? 
   the eu has failed to deliver long lasting economic prosperity to many of its members states . 
  which ones exactly ? 
  what is you definition of prosperity ( gdp , gini etc ? ), 
  once again as compared to whom ? 
   it has failed to create a fraternity of european peoples . 
  there is no longer a major european war every few years and i am quite fraternal with many europeans in my office who can live/work here without any issues . 
   it has failed to deal with the immigration crisis i dont remember this being a problem when eu was founded , hasnt it slowed to a trickle ? 
   it has , 65 years after , arguably , its founding document , not even succeeded in convincing enough people that a federalized europe is necessary . 
  is a federalized europe necessary ? 
  why ? 
  for what ? 
  you make a lot of statements but they are just vague handwaving and slogans with no substance , so either clarify what exactly you are trying to say , back it up by hard data or stop sprouting nonsense, 
  a failure when compared to what/whom exactly ? 
  the same migrant who instead of claiming assylum in half a dozen safe countries , most of whom are in eu continues onto sweden and norway ? 
  and how do you propose the eu would tackle this ? 
  these people traveled thru half a dozen safe countries most of which are in eu as is and did not ask for asylum . 
  in before the typical putinbot response of `` but but but the us done x too '' no the us has not annexed iraq or afganistan , if anything they have done everything to get the hell out of those shitholes in last 8 years under obama . 
  no yet another one of the `` healy raes '' the classical parish pump / gombeen dynasty made the news . 
  i think this whole `` story '' is a prime example of russian state propaganda/misinformation campaign with the aim of stirring up shit . 
  your original post said russia , nice editing there trump jr, 
  the distance is 50km closer to russia , thats if you consider crimea russian , otherwise its actually farther away . 
  but hey who needs to look at a maps right ? 
  anyways your hysterics aside both countries ( russia and us ) have capability to hit any point on the globe from silo and sub launched nuke missiles . 
  bringing up cuban missile crisis is full retard mode altogether . 
  i suppose i do not need to point out that russian nukes in crimea and kallingrad are close to every european capital by your measures , where you screaming and waving hands in air then ? 
  or in your teenage brain russia = = good while us = = evil empire ? 
  how radical, 
   i the past having a weaker currency has helped correct our trade deficit . 
  how is that working out for zimbabwe ? 
  i do not see queues of brits picking fruit and veg in fields , working in kitchens , and so on and why would they when they would get more sitting at home on the dole moaning about `` bloody foreigners , dey took our jobs '', 
  what exactly is a `` good deal '' ? 
  eu to cave on freedom of movement of its own citizens to uk ? 
  and why should they give in on this point ? 
  its the foundation stone of the eu and has benefited millions of people across 28 states , including quite alot of our fellow irishmen ( and vice versa ), 
  pfft amateurs !, 
  come to ireland for non stop rain :d, 
  state owned in russia is nowadays a `` euphemism '' for putin owned . 
  of course , thanks for furthering my point for me, 
  no idiots ? 
  maybe how do you forgive a state which openly poisons people on your streets with radioactivity ? 
  oh but they buy property in london with dirty money so all is forgiven you say ? 
  there is real hate from idiots towards the us , all they have to do is look to eastern europe to see what decades of russian `` management '' when compared to western europe means , but hey who needs history . 
  finland ... 
  there are 27 other members in the eu at this time how would you feel if for example the uk went and done a billateral deal with china allowing unimpeded imports from china to the uk ( and hence the eu ) ? 
  how would you feel if ireland done a deal with the us where any us firm pays no tax in ireland ( and hence the eu ) whether it is good or not for germany is not in dispute , the problem is that germany by pursuing nord stream has singlehandedly killed any attempts at a common energy policy across all eu members , ... while still remaining reliant on russian gas the only winner is putin, 
  by pursuing nord stream pushed by a putin lackey a single european energy policy dies this is not about germany about being able to import gas ( there are plenty of existing pipelines ) this is about russia ensuring europe remains divided when it comes to energy and they can continue screw everyone about . 
  in meantime gas across the ocean is now 2-3x cheaper ... 
  putin : i see you have a new shiny lng terminal there , pitty if anything were to happen to it ... 
  give it time , both are fickle authoritarians prone to 180 degree policy turns in short periods . 
  yeh sinn fein have always been strongly anti eu , i still remember the last lisbon referendum where they made all of the same arguments which were used during the brexit referendum . 
  edit : here is a sample of their posters from last referendum here http://imgur.com/a/0trj1 http://imgur.com/a/3iagi http://imgur.com/a/ns5sc, 
  if only you applied the same standard to the rest of the dopes, 
  i was born in soviet union most likely before you were , boy . 
  you do not think its strange that all of putin 's opposition falls into 3 categories : 1 . 
  dead / murdered 2 . 
  corrupt / jailed 3 . 
  complete over the top clown straight from a circus while other democratic countries have their share of clowns as politicians , and corrupt politicians and murdered politicians , they are a rare exception not the rule as it is in russia . 
   europe has a massive * head * start . 
  i see what you done there, 
  so how much did the kremlin pay the guardian for this article, 
   no one in government has a clue . 
  well that pretty much sums the article up , good luck ... 
  tip : if you are going to post anything critical of putin then do so later in day once putinbots gone home from work , otherwise they will downvote you to hell edit : or a post critical of obvious astroturfing by paid shills, 
  the problem here is that one sides arguments make no sense , and it was hard not to listen to them being so obnoxious screaming from the rooftops but its ok these experts have got their way now , and the rest of us in europe have to suffer . 
  right , good luck there, 
  more like lack of culture and complete disrespect for western values and way of life . 
  actually first generations are not too bad they are desperate in most cases , its the subsequent generations i would worry about as we now see some are easy pickings for brainwashing . 
  cocaine by weight earns a few orders of magnitude more than humans from warzones . 
  funding is given , often its wasted by corrupt officials, 
  the problem is who they drag down with them this time , last time half of europe ended up in purgatory for half a century and became economically backward . 
  yes yes ~ ~ americans ~ ~ crusaders threatening islam yada yada, 
  and higher quality ... 
  ah an american , i present an apology on behalf us europeans in europe a lot have sneered at the us in the early 00s for `` overreacting '' militarily to islamic threat there has been a u turn in this sentiment now as the reality that they are fucking nutcases has hit home :(, 
  i do not see unification as an inevitability , not want it for that matter . 
  ira/sinnfein are just that armed fucking thugs ( with outdated marxist ideas ) who thankfully not many have love for . 
  a total economic collapse would lead to dissent and civil war ( which is exactly what putin does not want ) as people be more worried about where the next loaf of bread would come from . 
  only way i would support nuking 15-20 million out of existence is if and only if putin was the first one to strike with nukes killing millions outside of russia ( then again i am not in direct path unlike yourself so yes i see your pov ) . 
  tho ' yes i agree with you , nato should station nukes in baltics ( hey they have em in turkey of all the places ) since we now seen how little respect putin has for countries that gave up their nukes . 
  aside putin has no issues with putting nukes in kalingrad ( within close range of most eu capitals ) and has made great noise about putting them into crimea . 
  i completely agree with you that the only way to deter more aggression from this madman is to make it extremely costly to even contemplate a move towards war with nato and the west, 
  a smarter thing would be to destroy their siberian oil fields and pipelines , their economy would implode then , especially with an economic embargo on top, 
  what russian goods ? 
  i can not think of anything that anyone in europe buys on a daily basis that was manufactured in russia, 
  raises a pint of black, 
   in return for greater access to the uk for its manufactured products and investment , china would * reduce * barriers to britain 's service industries like banking and insurance as well as uk goods . 
  notice the wording here , reduce not `` remove '' , that 's a wide spectrum right there, 
  actually it sounds like they didnt `` hedge enough '', 
  so there is not a conference in russia where various separatists movements were invited to ? 
  the `` nothing to see move along '' jedi hand trick might work in russian media , but unfortunately for you most of us are not behind the kremlin reality distortion field, 
  [ oh damn they are onto us ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pzl69dn.jpg ), 
  they are `` regulated '' by putin tho ' who needs to keep them in line in case any of them get ideas about going after his throne, 
  while the brits love to cry about the eu having too many regulations , its exactly these sorts of regulations that have given us the highest quality foods in the world . 
  but anyways all that is moot in russia where the tsar has decreed that peasants should eat `` local '', 
  if only it was as easy to get a beamer as ctrl-c + ctrl + v, 
  clown ? 
  good , ireland left the `` union '' and is now more prosperous and is a member of a larger/better union , 
  i should have added `` some '' into that sentence too , ok i see how that sentence can be read that way now,
