  thank you very much , all are welcome , 
   italian build quality and american design . 
  what could possibly go wrong [ as opposed to uk built , american design ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vauxhall_motors ) i take a ~ ~ ferrari ~ ~ f-35 over british scrap any day . 
  points at the lisbon treaty to dispel any fantasies, 
  they can go ahead , the problem is unless they leave the current eu ( ha lol ) they would not be able to ignore the current treaty . 
   england already has the highest population density 1 . 
  england ! = uk 2 . 
  [ nothing a good old fashioned famine would n't fix ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l3yykg9.png ) / s, 
  sorry about * those *, 
   trying to draw parallels between the easter rising and brexit . 
  do not give the scottish any ideas mate , they might wake up one day and notice that there is an example of a successful country that left the empire , all without any oil ... 
   almost as many people voted for him in the last ge as there are people in the whole of ireland . 
  the population of ireland is [ 4,757,976 ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/census/census2016reports/census2016preliminaryreport/ ) that is a larger number than [ 16,026 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electoral_history_of_nigel_farage ), 
   fuck off farage , you have no friends . 
  p.s : do not forget who is paying your eu wages and pension ... 
   hopefully , the immigration strain does n't get too much after brexit though . 
  all those english speaking migrants will need to go somewhere . 
  the % of the population born outside this country is double what it is in uk according to latest census . 
  it is not an issue since we do not have toxic trashy tabloids brainwashing a large and low educated audience . 
  hell the largest group are polish who have been a great addition to our country and economy , polish is the 2nd most spoken language here now ( after english , ahead of irish ) . 
  it 's absolute baffling seeing the hate being shown towards poles and other eastern europeans in uk . 
  you guys view immigration from eu as a problem , it is anything but as you can see from your next door neighbor . 
  but hey dont worry ever closer ties to the commonwealth will not open doors to billion + people from outside of europe ... 
   this will be a point of contention in the future though . 
  of which people in this country are very much aware , hence lisbon 1 and lisbon 2 referenda . 
  corporation taxation was the main topic of the initial no and a final yes once the treaty was changed to accommodate ireland . 
  a country and people of 4.5 million having a direct say in how the eu is shaped ( and of course paving the way for brexit with article 50 , imagine the mess if that wasnt there ) . 
  most people here are very much pro eu , we know first hand what the alternative under british rule looks like , hell you dont have to look far to see exactly what it looks like . 
  good luck on your sailing out into the atlantic , watch out for icebergs , dont forget that the tories would be the first to jump into the few lifeboats ... 
  we already have subgroups within europe , take shengen for example . 
  hell lisbon specifically makes these possible . 
  if other states want to make themselves uncompetitive then all the better for the others , they cant place punitive laws or tarrifs as that would violate the current treaty and good luck getting any new treaty passed , lisbon just about passed in ireland the last time and only after concessions on taxation . 
  if macron wants to make noise to placate domestic votes , let him , the alternative is worse . 
  when shit comes to shove there is fuck all he can do about this because lisbon . 
  in case of apple maybe going back to your post about an ever closer union . 
  macron and other politicians can make all the noise they want ( to score domestic points ) the reality of it is in order to push any `` tax harmonization '' would require a new treaty , good luck getting that passed ( and not just in ireland ) , do n't forget lisbon treaty only passed after amendments were made specifically for ireland after our first referendum . 
  if subset of countries in eu want to form closer bonds ( theres already all sorts of subgroups , such as schengen ) then they are welcome to do so , in process only making themselves less competitive . 
  any attempt to punish ireland or other countries would breach the treaty . 
  unlike the brits one thing we are good at is making the most of eu , instead of cribbing and moaning about it . 
  there 's a lesson for you mate . 
  the money flowing via the now closed double irish and dutch sandwich schemes ended up in bermuda and cayman islands , both are british overseas territories . 
   be a man , take the hit and get back up if only real life was a simpleton ... 
   considering macron 's rhetoric , i 'm guessing he wants the latter increased to some 10-30 % figure . 
  he can want all he want , there 's this thing called the lisbon treaty which ties eu members to a set of rules , he could try to push for a new treaty for an `` ever closer union '' but good look getting that passed , it took 2 referendums in ireland for the eu to get the current lisbon treary , never mind all the other countries and their people . 
   i seriously doubt ireland , estonia , bulgaria or cyprus would leave the eu over tax harmonisation . 
  i 'm glad they ca n't hide behind britain anymore though . 
  full steam ahead for ever closer union . 
  there is this thing called the lisbon treaty which governs the eu ( and lets members leave funnily enough ) other countries ( and their politicians ) can make all sorts of noises they want , at the end of the day they can not go against the treaty , which only passed in ireland after getting specific guarantees on corporation taxation . 
  anyways the double irish and other loopholes are closed ( being closed ) but hey look at half of the worlds tax heavens over there , funny how they happen to be british subjects ... 
  does germany allow dual citizenship ? 
  seems like a good time to pass a law limiting 2nd citizenship to eu only . 
  anyone who doesnt want to handover their 2nd citizenship is welcome to go back to their preferred shithole . 
   so ... trade agreement it is then ? 
  as soon as the more important issues of : * northern ireland * brexit bill * eu citizens in uk is resolved then we can talk about trade , at end of day uk has more to lose seeing how may doesnt want to discuss these issues that are important to us , its pretty obvious that trade aint important either . 
  all she cares about is being reelected , whether the ship goes down or not she will get her time in sun and a hefty wageslip and pension . 
   what swinging door ? 
  48 % of uk exports go to eu-27 , 15 % of irelands exports go to uk , average eu27 country exports 5 % to uk without a trade agreement and going to wto that means a recession in several eu countries , job losses , not to mention the disaster it be for uk exporters on the other hand and then there is the million of eu citizens in uk and vice versa . 
  we get it you want to leave the problem is that swinging door hitting you and us on your way out . 
   this is n't the uk position . 
  so will the uk pay the billions it committed to or will that have to go to the european court ? 
  in fact its the very same target as bank of england @chrisawhitmore but hey eu bad , i read it in daily mail , uk stronk !, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  you know probably one of the few pluses coming out of brexit is that whole of eu energy will be focused on it for next 5 years at least . 
   enjoy your franco german empire . 
  compared to millions dying under british empire rule and hundreds of years of stagnation being able to drink french wine and drive german bmws ( not in that order ! ), 
  while enjoying a higher standard of living and per capita income than uk is a no brainer ... 
  it 's ok greece , we will make london pay for it :d, 
   publishing on the front page of newspapers is sensationalism not diplomacy . 
  i suppose the way it should be done is to paint sides of a bus and drive it around ? 
  as an eu citizen i fully ( for once ) support the eu parliament , commission and council in how they are handling brexit . 
  their job is to get the best possible deal for me and 450 million other eu citizens . 
  if you wanted a good deal and gazillion special exemptions should have stayed in eu . 
  and get over your victim mentality , you guys shot yourselves in the foot , yourselves , and then proceeded to pour a bag of salt on top . 
  if you think the chinese or hell the americans under america first trump ill deal with you better ( hell the indians pretty much laughed you out of the place , how embarracing eh ? 
  ) , here i have stick with some shite on it to sell to you for a couple of euro, 
  actually yes its overrated ( and burned ), 
   i doubt he 'd have supported that . 
  article 50 would n't have existed if it wasnt for lisbon treaty , imagine what a ( bugger ) mess brexit be now without those few sentences . 
  dont forget rt appearances , great way for russians to launder their money to further putin 's agenda, 
  dont go to switzerland , you 'll get a heart attack :d now that i think of it coffee is usually 2.50 $ in most places here , i was in starbucks at the time of comment tho ', 
  good . 
  the economy is definitely out of the deep hole , people are no longer doom and gloom , there 's noticeably more new cars . 
  and loads of good jobs being advertised . 
  things didnt look good there for a while few years back . 
  as added bonus the sun is finally out :d, 
   yeah , i have to admit i 've grown somewhat bitter and resentful of the `` free movement of people '' , because 1/3 of our working population has left the country and those of us that stayed are going to be stuck with a very grim bill . 
  what do you propose you surround a country by a wall and keep people inside against their will ? 
  how did that work out in east germany ? 
  how is it working out in cuba and north korea ? 
  aside : my country is no stranger to mass emigration , the last wave was fairly recent too, 
  eu will not fall apart over 4.5 billion a year , budgets can be adjusted to put things in perspective that 's $ 10 extra per year for each of the remaining 450 million citizens . 
  i for one dont mind paying the price of 2 coffees to never have to hear british bullshit again, 
   the russian deal with nato was that eastern european countries would not join the bloc at all whataboutism deal that ukraine will not be invaded in exchange for their nukes ? 
  let em apply , then invent a non-resident tax , one thing this country is good at is inventing more creative ways to tax people and then hand money over to banks and nuns, 
  brexiteers making asses of themselves yet again ? 
   only 700 days and we 're finally free of the brits . 
  700 more days of having some of them blame eu for everything , while tories intensify the banging up their rears . 
   will be in a parliamentary sense , completely united , which is all it needs to remain strong while negotiating or they be able to sell crap on the population with alot of unpopular manure in order to secure better outcomes for the rich and powerful . 
  this is massive scandal here for weeks tl.dr : * government wants to build a very expensive ( 300 million , but most likely will endup 3x that being ireland ) national maternity hospital on the land belonging to nuns , hence giving them ownership .
