  one of the arguments used during brexit is how the average ` british ' person does not have much of a say in the running of the distant eu ( a load of bullshit but hey 2016 was the year when bullshit finally stuck ) the irony of the average northern irish , welsh and/or scottish person not having much of say in the distant westminster political ` elite ' ignoring their concerns , shitting all over their economies and freedoms ... 
  trading with eu means having to implement all of eu regulations while not having a say in those regulations , 2 points brexiters kept going on about are : 1 . 
  having to abide by eu regulations 2 . 
  being told what to do by evil eu as an eu citizen i do care about my food and my products being of high quality and not killing me . 
   it seems quite obvious though ? 
  to be honest if it was n't for this thread i would not have thought this is the case !, 
   i want to tell europeans to have more children and then i want to encourage them to have more children by offering them state support and financial benefits if they have children . 
  that 's great , off you go , making children is not particularly hard . 
  raising them well and giving them a good life on other other hand is , which is the point of my posts . 
  if you have n't realized this , you will once you have a child ( ren ) good luck mate , 
   so please take your `` earth is overpopulated '' spiel and sell it to the africans that have a population of 1 billion ( around twice the size of the entire eu ) where half the population is 15 or younger . 
  but it does affect us in europe , those africans are the ones trying their best to get into europe , we just had an article here a few days ago about whole villages in senegal being emptied of young men traveling to europe . 
  anyways who are we to tell `` africans '' < insert_random_group_of_people  what they can and can not do ? 
  i am sure you would be quite offended if lets say the chinese started sneering at you while pointing at their one child policy . 
   is n't that the point of the government ? 
  to tell people how to live their lives ? 
  from both culture and government you 're already told how to live your life every day of the year . 
  to a certain degree , bounded by checks and balances . 
  when a government gets too much power its the people that suffer , happened ( still happens ) time and time again in european and world history when an authoritarian government ( under whatever flavour/ideology they take their fancy to ) decided to get too involved in the citizens day to day lives . 
  btw objectively means '' ( of a person or their judgement ) not influenced by personal feelings or opinions in considering and representing facts . '', 
   from what i 've seen ( i admit maybe not enough ) , brexiters in those subs are also generally downvoted and treated hostily . 
  that is because unfortunately for the most part , most of them are not able to form a coherent sentence and do not attempt to back their arguments with facts grounded in reality . 
  quite the opposite there is a clear anti-intellectualism trend and downright trolling that is sweeping the whole brexit/trump `` alt reich '' movement ( whatever they call themselves nowadays ) [ here is a thread of mine where i took half an hour of my day to gather open source data , and from this data draw conclusion that in any trade war between uk and eu27 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56g8h1/who_would_be_hurt_the_most_in_a_ukeu27_tradewar/ ) , uk would be hurt the most followed by my own country and a couple other eu states . 
  we do not see many threads or posts from brexiters that are in any way thoughtful , factual or coherent :(, 
   my aim is to have a society , where even parents with up to 2-3 children can be in a similar position like you . 
  ** who are you to tell other people how they live their lives ? 
  ** ( and having children is a very important aspect of a persons life ) what they can and can not do ? 
  what they should do ?? 
  to be honest your whole post smells of certain ideologies that were used by certain nasty group of people who burned europe to the ground during the 20th century . 
  my child already has a better life and prospects than billions of other children . 
  as a parent that is my aim , quality over quantity you could say . 
   i would put a penalty tax for companies with low fertility among their employees - both men and women , so that the companies would have to start thinking themselves how to create a good environment . 
  wait wait wait . 
  your solution and the grandparent post above to which you replied is based on the assumption that low fertility is badtm hence both of you are proposing crazy ideas . 
  considering we live in an overpopulated world which due to this is facing major issues with climate change and resource exploitation , a smaller richer population is where we should be heading . 
  aside : i have a toddler , one child is more than enough . 
  i rather my child grows up in a world that is not drowning/dying . 
  edit : ireland has one of the higher fertility rates , maybe other european countries should be asking why ? 
  if they feel low fertility rates are an issue ( hint : many people here feel ireland is a great place to raise a child , mind you once they grow up many of us emigrate all over the world ), 
   how the russians will spin this [ how the west should spin putinism ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbod8qecbuc ) edit : [ never mind they done it themselves ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghxoj9-rgfk ), 
  til : azerbaijan was called albania, 
   i would have gone with `` financial colon of europe ''  does n't quite have the same ring to it ... 
  but somehow seems more fitting . 
  glances over at the map of europe on the right hand side ... 
  wait does that mean that ireland has its head stuck up ... ... aww damn, 
  draw a circle , that 's what single market offers , draw another circle , that 's what may seems to want judging by her speech . 
  stand back and notice the large overlap of the two circles . 
  so ... `` what did they want '' ? 
  that would probably put ireland on top , despite a jump in emigration about 10 years ago as the construction sector collapsed . 
  the population grew by over 60 % since we joined the eu in 70s . 
  also the % of people ( both eu and non eu ) born outside this country who living/working here is double the same % as in the uk , yet there is no bullshit towards immigrants ( and yes we have even larger issues with housing , public healthcare and education than uk does ) neither is there any anger/racism towards expats/immigrants here , especially since many are paying taxes and contributing towards the economy . 
  hell polish is now the 2nd most spoken language here with irish falling into 3rd spot . 
  may went on about wanting to be the `` singapore '' of europe , i have bad news for her , this little ex colony has beat them to it and will retain strong ties to both eu and us . 
  guys over in scotland should be paying attention , you would be better off outside the union  so go do your own brexit, 
  can you please stop with this silly `` make an example '' meme , its so childish and immature eu negotiating the best possible deal for all of its members at the expense of uk ( who are the ones who decided to star this brexit zero sum game and rhethoric after all ) is not about `` punishing uk '' ( you are not that fucking important ) but about getting a good deal for eu citizens , since you guys do not want to remain in the eu your objectives no longer overlap with our objectives, 
  oh the list is of grievances is quite long apparently . 
   do you have trouble sleeping at night if you 've gone a day without mentioning this ? 
  funny that , brexiters cant seem to shut up about '' 'em germans who bombed our chippy '', 
  we are doing quite fine thank you very much . 
  located between the us on one side and uk and eu on the other while having good ties to all 3 and especially the eu membership has helped make this country more prosperous per capita than our past overlords are now . 
  anyways it 's in westminsters best interest to take care of northern ireland ( ... or else ... ) , continuing to ignore scotland , ni and wales will only lead to the fracturing of the uk itself ( hell leaving the empire and turning to europe is a prime example how those countries could do much better outside the uk ), 
   in a fight between a cat and dog my money is always on the cat , your analogy is a bit off there . 
  i dunno , a neighbours cat one time decided to have a nap on my dogs bed out the back , i still remember the sound of that neck snapping and the dead kitty being flung against a wall . 
  superiority complex much ? 
  or gain 333 % in last 2 years ? 
   this is good for bitcoin . 
  [ up 9 % today alone ] ( http://bitcoinity.org/markets/bitstamp/usd ), 
   us constitution was designed many many years ago , so he can probably scrap that paper , too . 
  do not give him ideas ... 
   the pound is n't dropping , the dollar is climbing . 
  [ spot the pattern ] ( https://www.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&amp;chdd=1&amp;chds=1&amp;chdv=1&amp;chvs=linear&amp;chdeh=0&amp;chfdeh=0&amp;chdet=1484554563207&amp;chddm=359060&amp;cmpto=currency:gbpeur;currency:gbpchf;currency:gbpaud;currency:gbpcad;currency:gbpjpy&amp;cmptdms=0;0;0;0;0&amp;q=currency:gbpusd&amp;ntsp=0&amp;ei=oyf8wkcqjspou_l2l7ad ), 
  we shall go to the hard brexit end . 
  we shall fight in eu , we shall fight on the banks and services , we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the may one , we shall defend our island from those european barbarians who fix our pipes , whatever the cost may be . 
  we shall fight on the pubs , we shall fight on the chippers , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets , we shall fight in the subreddits ; we shall never surrender our bent bananas ... 
   banking which the eu needs access to . 
  which will be fine as long as other services are also included  you have things backwards mate ... 
   we 're discussing punitive tariffs that apply only to the uk . 
  this would not be allowed under wto . 
  wto deals in goods not services services is the largest uk export , especially banking, 
  in a recent russia thread some resident russians were raving on about how russia is `` cultured '' and an `` engine of scientific innovation '' when i pointed out that not much actually happened on these fronts from that part of the world in last 25 years they went apeshit well seeing the above today with 6x the publications per person for my little non dickwaving country ... 
  which just further highlights my point, 
  none of which happened in last 25 years ... 
   i 'm pretty sure the uk will still be around still consisting of england , scotland , wales and ni ? 
  woohoo whats worse was the likes of google requiring sites to annoy their users with these silly messages ( all websites have to use cookies for sessions ) or have them lose their ad serving . 
  which is a shitty thing to do . 
  and of course it does notthing about the real problem , advertisers being scumbags, 
  have moscovites gotten any less grumpy ? 
   a federal corporation tax and a financial transaction tax would be fantastic . 
  i fully support both . 
  i do n't eu doesnt need more bureaucracy and redtape , you are playing right into brexiteer arguments by going down that path . 
  instead charge them 350 million ( ha ) euro a week for their banking services to retain their current level of access . 
  notice how i am only talking about services . 
  starting to look like goods would taxed under wto rules . 
  for all the doom and gloom in uk tabloids about eu and euro , its now more likely that the uk itself will splinter instead of the eu/eurozone, 
  because as a currency it works great compared to what we all had before ? 
  its not that hard to ramp up production of pharmaceuticals or microchips or ( gaaasp ) brass company plates compared to heavy equipment / cars etc and thats before getting into intangible goods/services that software companies create . 
   either we rescue them and try to send them back but thats the thing are they actually immediately being sent back with the ship sailing to lets say tripoli or are they being ferried to italy etc ? 
   why is the government so determined to sweep this under the rug ? 
  i doubt putin cares , his aim is to deflect all domestic problems externally by blaming the evil west for everything , which would be hard to do in case of alcoholism and hiv so better to sweep those issues under a rug altogether . 
   complexity is certainly not a desired feature here .
