  come back when you actually leave in a few years , uk is like that annoying relative standing in hall shouting ` i 'm leaving ' but still have n't walked out the door, 
  the soil is not best ( and strong winds dont help ) but if it was n't for sheep eating little tree saplings trees would grow ( eventually ) . 
  you can visit the gardens at kylemore abbey and general area around it to see what connemara could look like if trees are given a chance . 
  i think they are using blue dots to indicate a lake , except caspian is a sea, 
  trees will grow quite fine here in west ( hell whole island was covered in trees at one stage ) , its those very same sheep that would eat any saplings . 
   some people really see russians everywhere ... 
  i was born in ussr lived thru 80s and 90s there i know first hand about the grade a bullshit the country is capable of . 
  looking on disgust for years as putin starts a war after war while grabbing more and more power all while fuelling nationalism and doing nothing about corruption . 
  calling everyone he doesnt like a nazi while acting like a fascist by just about every definition of it . 
  my grandfather who fought in ww2 and was awarded a medal for capturing real fucking nazis near what is now called kallingrad would be spinning in his grave if he knew what the country has become . 
  it seems like the russian are at it again seeding bullshit . 
  calling ukranians nazis while living in a fascist regime is a tactic they already used before in recent history . 
  the pwc report tries to paint a rosy picture ( i also pointed out that they have a history of doing so and reality being different ) so does the op , i highly doubt this will be the case . 
  but anyways time will tell ... 
  lets swap things around , german car industry is the largest in europe , if germany instead of uk were leaving the eu , for how long do you think the german auto industry would remain the largest ? 
  what about tariffs ? 
  and continuing to abide by regulations ( while no longer having a say in them ) ? 
  uk financial industry is the largest in part due to eu membership , giving up said members will have an impact on this industry since it is not isolated . 
  except i did n't say the uk fs would collapse ... 
  my argument is that pwc predictions are not worth the paper they are written on . 
  i would not bet the future of the ~ ~ 5th ~ ~ 6th largest economy on a company which should have gone under by now . 
  a squid in an aquarium tank might produce more reliable `` forecasts '', 
  pwc ? 
  hahahaha [ this pwc which failed to find multibillion dollar fraud at bank it audited which then collapsed in 2009 ? 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/financial-services/pwc-settles-5-5bn-fraud-detection-lawsuit-1.2769779 ) [ the same pwc which predicted 2.5 % per quarter uk gdp growth for 2008 in 2007 ] ( http://pwc.blogs.com/files/ukeo-mar-07.pdf ) , with the economy instead contracting at a rate of -2 % instead ? 
  lol well nothing to see then , move along . 
  erm 47 % of your exports are to eu27 ... that music shop of yours is in for a surprise . 
  anyways selling financial services ( hell any services and/or goods for that matter ) into europe would mean : 1 . 
  having to pay tariffs ( unless an agreement is reached , which is unlikely to happen in 2 years ) 2 . 
  having to implement and abide eu rules and regulations , something which apparently was a big `` nono '' for brexiters 3 . 
  not having any say in above mentioned rules and regulations , unlike now . 
  dude you are getting tangled up in your own crazy logic and now having to resort to strawmanship . 
  ireland is not a failed state , libya is ( as per your own comment ) . 
  if there is no state there , then there is no one to complain eh ? 
  whatever libyan government does exist should be happy that eu is providing a free coast guard and maritime rescue and ferry service freeing up resources for it to prosecute a civil war . 
   you can literally take the two biggest in europe ( only one is even in eu ) that are n't the uk , add them together , then double them , and still not get to the amount the uk exports . . 
  yes thats because uk is in eu and will remain so for at least another 2 years . 
  after that ... 
  lets make an analogy : a music shop makes piles of money because it sits at a junction of 28 roads . 
  2 years from now this shop finds it has no access to 27 of the 28 roads since a wall was built by the shop owner blocking those 27 roads ( and painting insulting comments on this wall telling those customer to go fuck themselves ) . 
  shop is suddenly in trouble since it has much less customers . 
  who said anything about hostilities ? 
  saving people who gone for a swim and returning them to the beach they came from is a `` hostility '' ? 
  what deranged double plus good logic is that ?? 
  instead of ferrying them towards europe ferry them back to africa , how is that a `` hostility '' ? 
  so is illegal immigration fueled by illegal people smuggling, 
   libya lacking a government did n't help if libya has no government then there should be no issue dropping them back in libya since there be no one to stop them from doing so ( regardless of where they were picked up ) ... 
   they need to be more aggressive about entering lybian waters so they can pick up passengers and ferry them to italy from even closer to africa ? 
  sure why not just offer a direct free service , with bus transfer to germany, 
   this has changed ( overnight ) and i am quite baffled by it . 
  nothing to do with that country that shall not be named  annexing parts of its neighbours ( plural ) , a successor of the union which shall not be named  which split germany in two and build best walls . 
  seems like putin got lost on his way to belarus, 
  keep your head down azerbaijan , do n't want to catch putin 's attention that some juicy hydrocarbons and pipelines there ... 
  that 's some insane double plus good logic there , gives an insight into russian media manipulation and brainwashing, 
   to be fair , it 's not the only drawback . 
  democracy has drawbacks except all other systems have even bigger drawbacks ... 
   litvenenko died from 10ug polonium , can you really taste that amount ? 
  a question for myth-busters ? 
  would make for an interesting episode ... 
  thank you for your time and article !, 
  btw in first photo what is that little white thing in the soldiers gloved hand ? 
   it 's got the zing that uranium and other competing brands just ca n't measure up to . 
  and that glow , do n't forget the unique skin glow jokes aside : radioactive elements usually leave that [ metallic taste in you mouth ] ( http://optimalprediction.com/radiation-and-the-metallic-taste-phantom/ ) , if you ever had x-ray done on an old machine you would know what i mean . 
  i grew up in [ 80s ussr ] ( http://www.metafilter.com/102001/your-eyes-hurt-and-there-was-a-metal-taste-in-your-mouth-those-are-the-two-things-you-felt ) shudder to think of what i was exposed to , hell we used to melt lead from car batteries for fishing weights . 
   i 'm happy to answer any questions about what it 's like in eastern ukraine now . 
  why are civilians remaining in the area ? 
  what is basically a war zone does ukraine offer relocation/evacuation for civilians ? 
  do the `` separatists '' keep them there as human shields ? 
  which raises a questions how does a `` homegrown insurgency '' has access to this form of advanced technology needed to intercept communications ? 
  and tanks ... and aa missiles ... are the ukrainian military men you met referring to them as `` rebels '' or `` russians '' ? 
  the great wall of trump has a ring to it, 
  once again you missed my point , its not a black/white binary option of whether he ( and his entourage ) is a fascist or not ( if you see the world in absolutes then there is no point having a discussion with you ) . 
  on a scale of 1 to a 100 he is 80 % of the way there and continues to move in fascist direction . 
  he has displayed disturbing similarities to what we seen in europe in 20th century and has shown himself to follow ( and compliment ) in putins footstep who reinvented the neo fascist/neo nationalism this century . 
   trump is liberal in the true meaning of the world , and i do n't recall him ever speaking out against democracy . 
  he repeatedly claimed the election was rigged ( and went quiet on the issue when he won ) . 
  the funny part now is that the election was probably rigged in his favor by putin . 
  and lets not forget he actually did not have a majority of the vote . 
   has trump taken any action to make the republican party the official party ? 
  no he did n't . 
  the republican party now controls the presidency and both houses . 
  he already fired his attorney general for daring to stand up to him , hence making a move on the judicial branch , which btw has supreme court vacancy and will be critical in approving/rejecting his anti muslim/emigration decrees . 
   yes . 
  but not a very charismatic one , half the country hates his guts . 
  though i 'm sure he 'd like if it were n't the case , so that point stands . 
  he is already suppressing any criticism of him , case in point blanket ban on social media communications from any us agencies because he is afraid they might make him look bad ( example photos of poor inauguration attendance , transport figures etc )  this is a bit vague . 
  there are no militias operating for trump and attacking the political opposition like it 's the case under fascist regimes . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-cut-white-supremacism-countering-violent-extremism-programme-neo-nazi-counter-extremism-a7558796.html getting there  likewise for political violence . 
  and trump actually spoke out against imperialism . 
  within the last week we see him beating the drums of war against iran and china  well he is a protectionist , but not an interventionist . 
  he is very much an interventionist when it suits his business interests or/and interests of whoever has ear . 
  like i said trump is 80 % if the way there going by the official definition alone , and hes getting there very fast . 
  he is still behind what putin has accomplished , which btw is scary example of where the us could endup in a few years . 
  especially seeing how is already attacking the media ( putin killed and silenced anyone who exposed his corruption and dared to disagree ), 
   fascist has a real definition that does n't apply at the moment . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fascism 1 . 
  fascists believe that liberal democracy is obsolete check 2 . 
  they regard the complete mobilization of society under a totalitarian one-party state as necessary to prepare a nation for armed conflict and to respond effectively to economic difficulties hmm sound familiar ? 
  such a state is led by a strong leader largest hands check 4 . 
  fascism rejects assertions that violence is automatically negative in nature torturous_check 5 . and views political violence , war , and imperialism as means that can achieve national rejuvenation check 6 .
