  unfortunately other eu citizens such as the polish got lumped in with economic migrants from pakistan , afghanistan , half of africa . 
  the former are eu citizens and have rights/responsibilities the later are not no matter how tragic their circumstances are back home . 
  i still do not understand why there is such as hate in uk for eastern europeans , the wave of migration from poland to ireland have been a net positive for ireland imho it could have something todo with the british `` superiority complex '' they still think they are living under an empire and lookdown on the rest of us potato farmers as somehow being inferior , its rather infuriating after all this time not being viewed as an equal . 
   well atleast it makes exportation cheaper for now they are in the eu , in 2-3 years tho ... 
  this is bringing your low paid uk worker who likely fell for brexit nonsense to the level of romania is what he is trying to say ( not that there is anything wrong with romania , but brexiters seem to have a hard on for that country ), 
  which goes back to the presenters question , what % of deaths in syria is attributable to russian `` help '' the ambassador completely dismissed or deflected each and every question in a tactic commonly seen here on reddit that is my point which ties back to the thread at hand, 
  somewhat related russian ambassador was on radio there on my drive home , top of my head this is how it went - presenter : `` russia is bombing hospitals & children in syria '' - russian ambassador ( in a heavily accented english ) : `` show me proof , the us just bombed a hospital today '' - presenter : `` will you admit that russia is partly responsible for the deaths in syria by helping assad '' - ambassador : `` i dont have to advocate for russia , we are the only ` officialy ' invited force in syria , btw what about the americans bombing weddings , funerals , hospitals etc in afganistan , iraq and yemen '' - presenter : `` what about mh17 and all the evidence presented '' - ambassador : `` what evidence ? 
  show me proof '' - presenter `` such as fragments of a russian made missile present in pilots body ? '', 
  - ambassador : `` russia does not make these missiles , it was made in ussr and fired by ukranians '' whole thing was fucking cringe-worthy , hopefully newstalk put up the podcast of it soon . 
  what struck me is how closely he followed the script we see here on reddit from shills who no-longer even pretend being on the kremlin 's payroll, 
   no comment on the level of eu support though i note . 
  ireland is no longer a net recipient and unlikely to be one going forward . 
  are you jealous that we actually managed to integrate and make the most of our eu membership , instead of cribbing and moaning on the sidelines while thumping our union jack tattoed chests ? 
  seems to me like another political failure of uk when it came to eu , you guys never learned to how to make the most of your memebership and opportunities if afforded , instead of taking a leadership position the uk quite literally took a page out of `` yes minister '' for 40 years . 
  where are the lib dems ? 
  with labour moving to the left and tories moving to the right , the center spot where normal voters reside is becoming vacant . 
  good points actually i give you that . 
  tho ' you rarely ever see those cars on road , while bmws , audis , wvs etc are basically half the cars here ... what will happen to the above companies once they are faced with a tarrif that was n't there before . 
  any trade barriers may puts up will be met ( and rightly so ) tit for tat, 
  a little salty are we that an ex colony is doing better than you are ? 
  give it a few years as you guys have left the eu , who will you blame then for your country becoming a bigger and bigger dump ? 
  will you finally wake up and smell the farts and sharts coming out of your insane politicians rears ? 
  and realize that the problems you brexiters are blaming on eu have nothing/little to do with eu, 
   wow ?!, 
  what is going on here ? 
  so many downvotes ... 
  denial one of the 5 stages of loss ( denial , anger , bargaining , depression and acceptance ) wait till they reach anger stage once the welfare chavs realize that they will have to work in the fields picking shit , having to actually work for their sky subscription and sixpack of beer, 
  when was the last time you said `` wow i really would love that car that was made in uk '' ( that wasnt moved to india etc ) , germans dont have much to worry about imho since they make products people drool over . 
  anyways i dunno about the rest of europe but we are doing quite well here in ireland ( coming out of this great recession ) thank you , already well ahead of uk in gdp per person and a much nicer place to live overall when compared to uk . 
  no free healthcare and have insane taxes and constant rain , but one problem at time , one step at time ... 
  revenue would know who works where and earns what which raises the obvious question as to why they cant just extract the data from there instead of putting up more bureaucracy for businesses . 
  you guys moaned and moaned about the eu creating impediments to businesses , yet here you are doing it all on your own now . 
  oh the irony . 
  i doubt our one in ireland is , the government and civil service are too incompetent ( and thats how we like it :d ) and the police are about to go on strike and are stretched thin as is . 
  did you notice your man in top right of the picture doing his hand salute , very subtle ... 
  the `` if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear '' argument repackaged ? 
  maybe it depends on type of product , i wrote later on that its very noticeable in the computer parts section . 
  i presume things such as dvds and games are not expensive to make ( after all its just a disk with data ) and amazon possibly has warehouses of inventory it has not yet ran down . 
  anything not actually manufactured in uk has definitely shot up, 
  well if they advertise on the internet its not like people from other countries have no access to internet ... now that you mentioned the slide to a fascist state , their internet access might not be as censored and spied on either :0 as the `` internet '' in the uk has become ... 
   # 350m for nhs definitely is . 
  [ only # 350m ? 
  no problems with a weaker currency its achievable !, 
  to the left ... ... hmm ... wait a second ... ** ok all are welcome to ireland  ** we could use more hardworking taxpaying people !, 
  polish is also already 2nd most spoken language here  also a party in cpt_ballsack 's !, 
  :d bring own beer , dont forget sausages for the grill ... 
  i dunno its not so bad here ( west coast ) like i said things are great in it despite a massive recession out of which the country is only emerging now * my family and kids have a 4 bed home ( no debt ) , * 2 investment apartments ( no debt ) , * own and run own company since 2007 , previously job for a company in fortune top 50 * good health and involvement in local sports * 2 postgrad degrees paid for by the state * loads of space and clean air for my kids except for near constant rain and insane taxes it 's not so bad here i say  the grass in my field outside could not be anymore greener :d, 
  yeh best not post anything critical of putin ( even a joke ) during the morning ( gmt ) while the putinbots are not yet gone home from their posts, 
  you right london is not too bad , now manchester where i was last , fml what a depressing place . 
  things were fairly gloom if you were in construction 7 years ago , not so in it anyways ireland - $ 55,533 gdp per capita ( ppp ) uk - $ 41,159 gdp per capita ( ppp ) ireland - $ 51,351 gdp per capita ( nominal ) uk - $ 43,771 gdp per capita ( nominal ) --------------- one can live fairly well here in ireland provided you manage to avoid the dublin ratrace . 
  moving to london with its huge cost of living , endless commutes , a falling pound and a raising neo-nationalist sentiment is not attractive anymore . 
  especially seeing that i can just fly there and back for less than it would cost to take the train to dublin , tho the last time i was over in uk this year it was not a pleasant experience seeing that barely anyone is aware of a simple concepts of `` smiling '' and being polite , and the police state airport transit experience makes tsa look relaxed . 
  how deep is the `` markermeer '' just to the north ? 
  could be a good location being sheltered from large waves, 
  was at a job fair recently had a good chuckle at a uk finance company trying to hire people to come to london , putting in bold at bottom of their leaflet something along the lines of `` your must be an eu citizen to apply for our job '' neither was the # 50,000 starting salary in any way attractive ( especially if it involves relocation to london ) now that the pound is not as strong . 
  it would have raised an eyebrow only a couple of years ago . 
  there is no way in hell i would want to work and live in uk any longer , the place is now on retrograde trajectory imho, 
  yeh do n't get me started on computer parts , i buy boatloads for my business . 
  even with free delivery its no longer an option to buy on amazon uk when can now go elsewhere and get the same for cheaper and have it delivered . 
  it did n't help that i had credit with them ( due to them overcharging , and from returns ) and then in a space of week my pound could buy me less :(, 
  i used to shop on amazon uk alot regularly buying all sorts of shit , prices went up overnight since brexit , even with a cheaper pound its more expensive now . 
  which make sense since anything not manufactured in uk that is sold on amazon uk is now more expensive to import to uk and sell . 
  uk stronk is a meme yet ? 
  nonono those are just vacationers who happened to have brought along buk launchers , bombers and drones . 
  no wars here comrade !, 
  only holidays , who does n't like a holiday with their ak by their side . 
  hey hey whats uncle sam doing over there ... 
  apples and oranges mate, 
  coming in april 2019 `` making britain great again ... '' http://i.imgur.com/da7pdvf.jpg, 
  unfortunately i do not have access to internal `` ministry of truth '' propaganda theory rankings , maybe you could help comrade :d, 
  i did , i presume you only believe rt , who have tried all sorts of conspiracy theories including the stealth plane one i can not link to them ( thankfully ) on this reddit , so use google, 
  https://www.bellingcat.com/news/uk-and-europe/2015/08/07/mh17-conspiracies/ http://www.scmp.com/news/world/article/1556590/russia-airs-conspiracy-theories-over-downed-malaysia-jet-mh17 http://www.unian.info/politics/1542562-new-frontier-of-russian-lies.html, 
  thats a good point , also the troll brigades can use hijacked computers , something hackers ( not just russian ) were doing for long time . 
  but the above does make it `` more expensive '' to troll with a simple indicator . 
  right now nothing stopping anyone making gazillion accounts on 3euro ovh vps and bombarding the reddit . 
  to quote trump :d `` cyber is important '' / lol, 
  there is an awful lot of `` scepticism '' and conspiracy theory pandering when it comes to russia , that 's a whole other tactic employed by kremlin corps take mh17 example , popular theory floated by disinformation campaign surrounding this event is that the plane was shut down by us stealth plane, 
  read your own post from this thread i linked to above then go read this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism, 
  [ your post in this very thread is a classic example ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/55d2h7/mh17_investigation_how_putins_russia_obscured_the/d89j3nh?context=3 ), 
  like ukraine and crimea ? 
  that point aside , how come then we endup with 3-4 teams in sports such as soccer and rugby :d i would be more than happy if our competition shrank to a `` unitary '' sports team in these, 
  well crimean people didnt like the new ukranian leaders and decided to join russia ( or so we are told , ahem ) so there is a precedent in recent european history :0 / stands back as the pandoras box was open . 
  russia related threads should come with health warnings 1 . 
  the paid troll brigades will downvote both you and the thread 2 . 
  they will create strawmans 3 . 
  they will be guaranteed to engage in `` whataboutism '' trying to deflect from subject at hand at anyone else what this forum needs instead of flags for flairs is the users isp name posted in the clear ( can be easily derived from user ip ) , that way the putinbot brigades would stand out as either coming from russian ips or using commercial datacenter ip ranges such as ovh , hetzner etc. 
  oh how interesting would things get then as the scale of the distortion campaigns would become apparent . 
  what could happen is < whatever_amount_judge_decides  of russian assets in europe could be seized and money distributed among families of victims . 
  walk into any cypriot bank , plenty of dodgy russian money there . 
  if the politicians have balls they can also squeeze screws by tightening sanctions . 
  but but the < us , uk , insert any country other than russia  shoots down passenger planes all the times , it is known !, 
  this aint the first time you have done this to me , your username is familiar . 
  so yes you are a putinbot and a persistent one at that, 
  well that didnt take long , one bad act does not excuse other bad act ( s ) so shove your strawman up your whataboutit v2 soapbox . 
  one can not discuss putin 's russia on this reddit without the typical putinbot reply of `` but but the us '' every.single.time, 
  its amazing how putin 's regime has bombed a un aid convoy ( ! ), 
  committing war crimes and got away with it . 
  its amazing how putin 's regime annexed 5 regions of their neighbors , using tactics and rhetoric not seen since ww2 , and got away with it with only minor wrist slap . 
  putin 's regime will continue to get more and more brazen as they realize they can get away with more and more shit . 
  note i am making a distinction between the russian country and people who have lunatics running the asylum .
