   meanwhile the working-classes of developed countries ( not sure about in germany ) have been the biggest losers . 
  a sizable chunk of population happily living on welfare , fed by ultracheap food , kept zombified by britain got talent and goglebox are losers ? 
  same chunk who is being supported by ever increasing debt ? 
  right a bit of perspective please . 
  no russia is gearing up for yet another war , annexing provinces of several neighbours was not enough, 
   supply and demand . 
  in a closed system a business would have to increase pay to until they can attract the calibre and quantity of employees they need . 
  or what would happen is 1 . people would buy less fruit/veg if they become too expensive ( due to higher costs ) 2 . machines are invented to do the job ask north koreans as to how it is like to live in a `` closed system '' , oh wait you cant , they are isolated from the internet too, 
   that 's overstating it . 
  there 's more competition for some jobs , and it 's put the squeeze on some people . 
  which has little to do with freedom of movement and a lot to do with technological progress . 
  one hardly sees queues of native brits wanting to work in `` menial '' jobs such as restaurants or god forbid picking veg/fruit in fields . 
  britain is far from the wealthiest country in europe hell to this day many irish go to work in uk despite it now being a poorer country ( per capita ) , and vice versa large portion of people born outside of ireland living/working here are from uk freedom of movement benefits all it is tragic that the people who have the most to benefit from eu and its freedoms seem to be the ones who voted against it . 
  argument is simple . 
  if goods , services , capital can move around freely while people can not then those people can not follow jobs and are effectively imprisoned in their country . 
  without freedom of movement you can not pursue a better life in other countries if an opportunity presents itself . 
  now granted some brits might not want to move because they could be quite happy living off welfare , but that says more about them ... 
  didnt take long for a `` but but but whatabout the usa '' type comment, 
  waves from west of ireland where we get double the precipitation of the east coast, 
  interesting , so ukrainians who can prove they come from crimea/donbass can claim asylum in eu then due to trying to escape a warzone ? 
  it is debatable but usually on very important issues mps seek/want for a `` free vote '' , and brexit is rather important topic for example here in ireland they want a free vote on anything related to abortion since it is so controversial . 
  what the whip system ensures is that the parliament becomes a rubber-stamp for the government , which is not very democratic , and at the end of the day the whole brexit hoopla is partly about british voters thinking they are being shafted in the democratic department by eu . 
  so much for democracy , sounds like `` vote this way or else '', 
  who is bragging ? 
  just pointing out the facts ... 
   you seem not to understand - if the eu fully federalises would require a referendum here which wont pass . 
  if there is a un decision , approval by irish govt and parliament then yes we will join . 
  see triple lock https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality, 
   santion an eu candidate the chances of turkey joining the eu are somewhere around zero , if not zero itself . 
  anyways erdogan made it very clear he doesnt care , eu membership would only interfere with his plans ... 
   imagine in 1985 if someone told you the soviet union will fall apart if you lived in su back then ( my childhood in 80s ) then it would have been quite believable . 
  edit : funnily enough the putinbots down voting me , who want to go back to the glorious old days of soviet union , were probably born in 90s or 00s and hence never experienced first hand what a shithole the place was , nor had to queue as a young child for bread and basics , i did not know what toilet paper was nor seen a beef stake or drank fresh milk until the 90s :( when we finally got the fuck out of that place . 
   market of 70 million or a market with 500 ...  430 million give merkel some time ... 
  they all seem to be busy sending me emails about their rich dead uncles and their newfound wealth, 
  minus the industry to support the population, 
  i am not sure anyone wants to live in a thatched home with no insulation , small windows and mud floor in 21st century ireland , the homes from 19th century are similar to what is seen in subsaharan africa ( minus sun , plus loads of rain ), 
  kazakhstan into europe kan, 
  who needs experts !, 
  sure if doctors tell you that if dont stop smoking you will die , and then you continue smoking and do n't die immediately then they are wrong , take that experts !, 
  actually she in a flip flopping opportunist , she thought she could play the hand to her political advantage but it backfired spectacularly . 
  zero sympathy for her . 
  so now i understand how trump got voted in ... 
   no american food on our shelves well some of the brexiteers here want to slap large tariffs on irish food which is feeding a large portion of your population . 
  baby milk is probably one of the largest dairy exports here and has a good reputation . 
   ironic how the poorest and most uneducated hurt themselves and their close ones the most . 
  ... sent from my telescreen, 
  tends to self implode early, 
  why i hear you will be getting 350 million richer a day , whats a few billion then to you , 
  i can cope paying 10 euro extra a year , along with remaining europeans . 
  hell i would pay double not to have to listen to the brits moan and bitch about europe again and watch you slowly realize that the mess your country is in has little to do with europe and a lot to do with your own politicians who have taken you for a ride . 
  may flip flops faster than trump , there 's an achievement right there, 
  censoring from what exactly ? 
  gay putin clown photos ? 
  in soviet russia you get to breath siberian air . 
  my country is not in nato , we do not manufacture arms , however from over here what is happening in turkey is disturbing , but hey i aint the one who has to live in what is rapidly becoming a shithole, 
  erdogan is glad too , he can line his pocket and became a billionare at the expense of his country like the fella to the northeast he looks up to, 
  are you implying that a youtuber with a username of `` tobnitup '' is not sincere in his support for dear leader ? 
  no way / s, 
  yeh it sucks to be here in west :( https://www.met.ie/climate/images/climate_rainfallmap.gif, 
   ireland : no earthquakes , no snakes , no heavy snowfall , no scorching heat we do get some fairly heavy winter storms ... ... but that 's about it as far as it comes to natural disasters . 
   there 'd be no reason for us to give up private information on our citizens to any foreign country . 
  it 's ok i am sure russia already has all this information and is more than willing to dump it on wikileaks, 
  belarus is bordered by poland too btw , they dont have to look far ( gdp per capita ) ... 1990 * belarus : 2,124.8 * poland : 1,731.2 2016 * belarus : 4,989.3 * poland : 12,372.4 ukraine is deliberately being crippled by russia because russia can not afford yet another success story on its borders, 
  not by much , i work in one of these us multinationals , my coworkers are all highly skilled nerds from all over europe ( and farther afield for that matter ) maybe only 50 % irish the country does attract alot of high end people and its a descent place to raise a family . 
   they may even appreciate having a strong authoritarian leader who keeps everything under control so they do n't have to worry too much about politics and what political views to have . 
  and in exchange they remain piss poor ( and potentially prosecuted if inadvertently step out of line ) while dear leader enriches himself and his cronies ... 
  it probably be more productive , but somehow i waste my day here ... 
   this is how you fight terrorism . 
  this is how you fix the immigrant problem . 
  your move , eu . 
  lubricates a big dildo while muttering `` let zeem come , ja '', 
  yep why do i get the feeling in a few years average brit would be crying out for the eu to come and save them from their crazy orwellian overlords . 
  so what is your point ? 
  if these young people are in higher paying jobs then you do not need as many . 
  with automation and robotics that is where the world is heading , less but better paying jobs, 
  why does europe need more people at all ? 
  we cant even get everyone employed nowadays across eu . 
  whats wrong with having a smaller and more prosperous population ? 
  he asked if we will be receiving energy from nuclear plants via this cable ( which we already do anyways from uk inter-connectors , and nuclear plants on other side of the narrow sea ), 
  no we will install an electron differentiator device which will quantomly probe each electron for its unique radioactive signature, 
  and a high interest one at that, 
  depends on your definition of `` fine '', 
   the bdi and the association representing german car makers have repeated more than once this message when someone has willingly lobotomized themselves one has to keep repeating to them in hope that something reaches the remaining brain cells, 
   `` we have been working on a wall which will be a very , very big wall , a very powerful wall , great for both countries and i think we will have that done very , very quickly . '', 
  - trump probably, 
  you are confusing `` bitterness '' with `` confusion '' ( as in : wtf are they sawing their nose off and stabbing themselves with needles ) '', 
   how can it be radioactive ? 
  this is russia , for all we know some corrupt official bough playground equipment that was robbed from around chernobyl and sold on the cheap . 
  pocketing the difference for a holiday to europe for himself or a gold tooth or something ` classy ' like that . 
   bmw has already started down the road of full hybridization years ago if bmw drop petrol performance cars they will lose a good chunk of their clientele . 
  yes the likes of tesla s or or bmw i8 are amazing machines but some people are attached to their ic engines , especially in m sports range i own ( ed ) both bmw and volvo and think this is a great move but there are segments of drives who would never move . 
  now that i think of it some of these big engined bmws might be come collectors editions in few decades, 
   because you will no longer have access to uk waters ? 
  no because of constant `` it be a pitty if something were to happen to ireland '' threats , putting good friday at risk, 
   if we 're leaving the eu , why should we allow them to fish in our waters ? 
  1 . that works both ways 2 . it wont be your waters once fishing rights are sold off to highest foreign bidders, 
   until they can no longer sell their fish outside the uk . 
  until they can no longer fish as their fishing rights were sold off to to ` bloody ' foreigners ( just like power plants were sold to chinese , london was sold to russians and steel/car industry to indians ), 
  yep its like being held hostage by a screaming extremist ( who is after cutting his nose off ) with a finger on a explosive vest detonator . 
  probably the only eu state that is most sympathetic to uk is being treated with bullshit ( whats new eh ? ),
