  uk has not exited , and quite likely never will . 
  which is probably the title of the memo passed from the government to the bank bosses . 
  this will be put on a long burner and eventually forgotten about . 
  [ like your post above about the financial crisis ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5131ja/theresa_may_brexit_will_hurt_uk_economy/d793aig ) being caused by lack of eu regulation :d the same regulations and euro that the uk and its people have opted out of yes yes `` reasoned argument '' i see, 
  consider that the uk is not in the euro and the same people did not want to part with the sterling . 
  hence saying that the eu failed to regulate their financial sector is rather stupid when they opted out of it in the first place and specifically did not want any interference from the eu in their financial sector . 
  in this particular case yes you seem to be correct . 
  apple seem to have been given preferential treatment . 
  but here in ireland , dealings between revenue and private individuals/companies are confidential and secret . 
  apple are claiming they have not broken any laws in their dealing with revenue and vice versa . 
  so while morally apple have no leg to stand for , legally they seem to have not broken any irish laws . 
  so the eu is very much seem to be overstepping its bounds here by invoking competition law , this sidelines our laws/rules ( however fucked up they are ) to go back earlier to my example , imagine the uproar in us if obamas federal government used health and safety laws/rules to try to disarm people in various states . 
  while morally yes he might be in the right to try to prevent gun related deaths , legally he would be overstepping the constitution . 
  in my own opinion on one hand apple are morally in the wrong but on the other hand it does not seem that any irish laws were broken and the eu seems to be attempting a powergrab which bypasses the guarantees and promises made to irish people ( and citizens of other eu states for that matter ) under the lisbon treaty to go back to merkel , yes i agree with her , this whole thing stinks and will be damaging on many levels . 
  good post , seems they are blaming the eu for all the problems after decades upon decades of politicians and tabloids deflection all attention and blaming all their problems on the eu . 
  the real problem now for politicians and murdoch et al is who will they blame once the plebs realize that the emperor has no clothes . 
  `` may expressed concern that the vote to leave the eu would probably reflect adversely on the country 's economy . '', 
  is her comment , the headline is translation to plain english from doublespeak all plus double good comrade ? 
  the rule of law does n't seem to exist in the british empire . 
  no wonder the 13 colonies left . 
  jokes aside , this is a taxation issue something you guys across the big pond would have a good understanding about from your own history right ? 
  er no , how would you like if the federal government came along and took away the one of the only powers your us state might have granted to it by the constitution . 
  i dunno like gun ownership or something . 
  being able to set our own taxes was a massive sticking point the last 2 referendums on eu here in ireland ( when they made us vote twice regarding lisbon treaty ) , and ireland and its people were given clear assurances time and time again that eu will not meddle in our tax policy . 
  yet here we are ... 
  speaking of taxation do remind us europeans why exactly the colonies in america `` brexited '' back in 18th century , 
  that is for police and courts to decide . 
  the eu commission is not a judge , jury and executioner if you accept that they are then eu has bigger problems than apple . 
  `` taxbros.com this domain is not available ! '', 
  damn there goes my new adult site idea ... 
  no it 's just a popular russian vacation spot, 
   adjusted to fight off russians ahh comrade lets strategically position bottles of vodka at various pinchpoints to distract the enemy ... 
  what law ? 
  plenty of islands off ireland too , weather is not as nice tho ' ... 
   because the entire point of the rescue ships is not to facilitate immigration or close our borders but to save lives . 
  one can argue that by sailing so close to libya they are encouraging people to set out to sea knowing the danger of the crossing is reduced . 
  i presume they expect this money to go towards paying of eu debt . 
   it 's called the taoiseach . 
  officially yes , unofficially when discussing politics he is referred to as `` that gobshite '', 
  modern day syrians do not want to live here tho ' http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/first-family-to-arrive-this-month-as-just-20-refugees-apply-to-come-to-ireland-716395.html, 
  i really do not know how to feel about this on one hand our hospitals are falling apart and all the income taxes and hidden charges take easily 50 % of my income , on the other hand without these multinationals the country be yet another impoverished eu peripheral like greece ( minus the sun :( ) if somehow revenue do manage to collect 13 billion from apple , then we would endup in a situation where every union will go on strike in order to get their hands on this fresh cash or the money will be spent repaying eu debt and not actually be used where needed . 
  so if people of chechnya , dagestan etc etc do not agree to rule from moscow ( after all putin wasnt originally elected but given the job on a platter by yeltsin ) then by your logic they should have every right to be independent ? 
  do remind us then why did russia go to war with them ( twice ), 
  can someone explain to me why our rescue ships are near libyan shore instead of being close to eu shores ? 
  you know if such an accident were to happen again [ seeing how the same type reactors are still in operation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rbmk ) the whole thing would be blamed on the west , cia , 5th columnists , nazis etc. 
  and of course there will be lack of `` useful idiots '' to further this story by creating conspiracy theories and fud . 
  your whole argument boils down to the news of movement of nuclear weapons to romania is true because there was a report stating that these weapons are in danger in turkey . 
  you have not provided any sources confirming the the weapons were moved only created an elaborate strawman based on conspiracy theory , which is a prime hallmark of a putinbot ( which is what you called yourself in the end ), 
  it is russian propaganda , wrapped in a conspiracy theory you are being paid to float . 
  thanks for making a classic example for me and other readers of how you guys operate . 
  the think tank report you linked to highlights the dangers of storing weapons in turkey . 
  the fake news item floated last week by kremlin talks about these same weapons being moved . 
  the former does not make the later story a fact . 
  if you do not disagree or agree with it then why did you bring it up in the first place ? 
  right so what about nuclear weapons russia keeps in kalingrad and crimea , you only have a problem with western weapons but pay no attention to your neofascist boss and his destabilizing escapades . 
   our governments are too afraid of how would russia react on this . 
  they will probably send more of their loot our way in clumsy money laundering schemes , yaarr full steam ahead mates, 
  sorry you are correct !, 
  well at least i now know i am impervious to their reality distortion field due to my stupidity :d, 
   i think it s illegal to deny service . 
  banks , paypal etc financial companies deny service all the time , usually quoting `` risk '' as a reason ( thats if they bother to give one ) paypal banned me from using their service 5 years ago , i still do not know why as they will not say . 
  maybe i should convert to being a muslim and watch them bend backwards then by screaming racism . 
  this happened just last week , remember that `` story '' they tried to spread about nukes being moved from turkey to romania ~ ~ bulgaria ~ ~, 
  it was russia that banned food imports , no one is trying to starve russia except for putin himself, 
  soviets never starved , murdered , transplanted any people in ukraine in the 20th century ? 
  be careful of the examples you make . 
  do you guys have like a [ standard handbook with a picture of putin on the front ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/90/quotations_from_chairman_mao_tse-tung_bilingual.jpg/220px-quotations_from_chairman_mao_tse-tung_bilingual.jpg ) where the `` standard '' answers are copied and paste from or something . 
  i always wondered this . 
  aside by your own logic russia should hand back kallingrad back to germany ( or poland ) right ? 
   belligerently stepping on some european toes thats a rather roundabout way of saying `` annexing other countries for the first time since hitler , in the very same fashion and rhetoric '', 
  speaking of political statements it be interesting to see how many of the negative commentators in this thread were defending burka/ini wearing muslims . 
  this will give morale a boost , that 's rather important in any war . 
  so much noise about a nonissue , if they dont like it then these burka veiled ladies are more than welcome to go lounge on any of the sandy beaches in the middle east and experience their `` culture '' and `` religion '' firsthand i hear syria is nice this time of year . 
  what ? 
  no takers ? 
  i wonder why, 
  thats the thing they can talk and talk but without a clear resolution to the `` are uk in or out '' question its just hot air . 
  many countries might not appreciate having hot air blown at their rears , tho of course it be a great way to make loads of press releases to make both sides appear great . 
  they cant since uk is still in the eu and all the eu rules/laws apply until the uk leaves . 
  have various countries such as us not made it clear they can not negotiate with uk until they are out of the eu . 
  for anyone outside the uk negotiation now is a complete waste of time, 
   turkish tanks are now reported to have crossed into syria . 
  the operation is aimed in part at pre-empting any move by syrian kurds to establish themselves on the border . 
  turkish special forces are already inside syria as part of the offensive . 
  woa this is major news why is this buried so deep, 
  i wonder why you are being downvoted for posting facts ... 
  as per article they are pretty much based out of london now where quote `` the most lucrative trades are '' london ( surprise surprise ) ended up being in the money laundering chain from russia so do not clap yourself on the back yet . 
  because i got pissed of an have now received a first hand experience of the lunatics that are running the assylum, 
  i will  despite various islamists trying to turn france into a shithole modeled on their own countries . 
  if trump wins and the place becomes as unstable and hostile as turkey now is ( god help us ) then yes i will not visit the us again . 
  i probably earn more in a month than average turk earns in a year but hey all hail erdogan my post was not critical of turkish people nor the country ( both are nice ) but of your government but seems a large bunch got brainwashed or something and do not want to admit that their country is being turned into a giant turd so yeh no more mr nice cpt_ballsack, 
  unfortunately its being discussed for all the wrong reasons thanks to you know who acting like a gobshite . 
  turkey has gone from a holiday destination up there with spain on the decision list to a nogo area thanks to all the islamist nonsense . 
  on bright side the turkish place down the road still makes best kebabs :d ---------------------------- edit : was downvoted for speaking the truth , any sympathy i might have had just evaporated , suppression of freedom of speech might work in turkey but this is reddit , so enjoy your shithole becoming more crowded . 
  i wont be bringing my family there ever again . 
  [ brexit : making great britain great again ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three-day_week ), 
  hopefully top gear does a feature on it ... oh wait never mind :d, 
  ireland is in the eu and will remain so . 
  uk cant make up its mind , and has a bad smell hanging about . 
  if you are a business where would you locate ?
