i am for a uk exit but lmao at this reasoning , classic british, 
  op obviously your government needs to fire some the male ceos and replace them with females to even the ratio out , because that 's how gender equality works ... what the fuck am i reading , what is wrong with swedish people ? 
  dont know about the movie but i just googled it and their fates are correct https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ira_hayes#death https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franklin_sousley#death https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_strank#death_and_burial https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harlon_block#death 3 guys who died in battle and the 1 guy who died of alcoholism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rene_gagnon https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_bradley_ ( united_states_navy ) 2 guys who managed to live a normal life, 
  imagine having to re live the war in detail over and over because the media wants to do a piece on you out of everything i think that this is one thing you would like to move on from in your life . 
  i find it strange that them `` being suspected of something '' is the first thing that came to your mind regarding this . 
  here is a quote from one of the guys who was in this picture `` i have tried so hard to block this out . 
  to forget it . 
  we could choose a buddy to go in with . 
  my buddy was a guy from milwaukee . 
  we were pinned down in one area . 
  someone elsewhere fell injured and i ran to help out , and when i came back my buddy was gone . 
  i could n't figure out where he was . 
  i could see all around , but he was n't there . 
  and nobody knew where he was . 
  a few days later someone yelled that they 'd found his body . 
  they called me over because i was a corpsman . 
  the japanese had pulled him underground and tortured him . 
  his fingernails ... his tongue ... 
  it was absolutely terrible . 
  i 've tried hard to forget all this . '', 
  for both , economically yes . 
  for catalonia , in more ways . 
  their politicians are the most corrupt in spain , and there is so much idealism in catalan politics that i think that they will try to emulate a country like sweden without the money to do so , ending even worse for them . 
  if you look at the catalan posts in this thread , no one is talking about how they want their country to be run , they just want independence for emotional reasons . 
  surely this is the signal to a problem . 
  i really do n't begrudge it to them , if they want it , take it , but there is going to be regret in the future . 
  my hope is iberian federalism but that is a pipe dream . 
  i think the only part of spain that could successfully manage independence for themselves is the basque country . 
  i think that you will get independence over the next five years , and do not begrudge it to you . 
  i also think that you will face the reality of catalan politicians are even more corrupt than spanish politicians , and also were not ready to have full sovereignty as much as you liked making emotional based arguments such as the one you just gave me . 
  it 's been corrupt for decades . 
  everyone laughed at the italians for calciopoli but they were the only ones who were honest about it . 
  if people actually wanted to take a step toward removing corruption from football in a way that we can actually affect it , there should be a push for making betting on matches is illegal . 
  europe has a gambling problem though so it will never happen . 
  platini and uefa are just as corrupt as blatter and his goons , i think platini will eventually become the head of fifa and it will be the same story all over again . 
  platini was for qatar 2022 and blatter was n't , by the way . 
  international football is rotten to the core . 
  it will fuck catalonia and spain , both places will be worse off with catalan independence . 
  i think the catalan people need to vote with their brain instead of their emotions . 
  they were repressed during franco 's time but the people who were responsible for this are worm food now . 
  that would have worked on here five years ago . 
   supporting dictatorial regimes actually , i 'd say that there is enough evidence out there from when the west has toppled dictatorial regimes to say that a semi-secular dictatorship is the best case scenario for the region . 
  sooner we realize that as a society the better . 
  keep burning coal that 's a lot better, 
   it just seems democracy is not a viable form of government in middle-east . 
  this is the jackpot line of thinking that i have not heard from one person that has any sort of power or influence in government, 
  yes it 's almost like a large percentage of people who were pro german pro eu changed their views over the past 18 months or so of current events, 
  i do n't think it 's possible to make a more direct comparison , which is , countries with great influence swaying other countries to vote with them in a political union between nations . 
  which is why you just called it stupid instead of debating the analogy . 
  so you will tell me with a straight face that the majority of germans want us bases on their soil ? 
  i will make a strawpoll on r/de, 
  yes and the un needed quite a few nations to keep palestine an unrecognized state , surely you can apply some form of abstract thinking to see what you 've been doing in the eu in recent years is the same thing on a regional scale to what usa did in that un vote . 
  good luck getting american bases off of your soil in the democratic union of nato, 
  mmhm and nato is a equal union of countries not america and friends, 
  your fucking countries trump card , ` sanctions ' is why for a people who whinge the loudest about america bullying you , you sure do put up a great defense for your own strong arming, 
  ` it is only poland ' in thread about german arrogance hahahaha , the entire contient is having it up to here with your shit !, 
  why would they want to do that to themselves ? 
  bad english ? 
  instead of asking a rhetorical question to be a smartass you should have understood that i was speaking about buying everything up . 
  which two portuguese users have confirmed . 
  to me it seemed like he was speaking about quantity rather than '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` quality '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '', 
   it 's not likely they will sell china some small islands to build bases on ... actually i think it is , when a smaller country cooperates with china , it coincides with china buying everything up in said country . 
  if they 're doing it in australia it 's certainly going to happen in portugal . 
  i think allowing these mosques to operate even though they were known to be radical until someone from said mosques commits a terror attack before closing down said mosques is even ` threatened ' is quite enough give to allow a group of people . 
  also , notice that he said ` certain ' mosques , not all of the mosques in the country . 
  you 're an airhead , quite insane to be honest . 
  well we 're getting back to that common sense thing i was talking about earlier , not to mention the prime minister himself said that these were radical mosques , and one of the terrorists seemingly came from one of these radical mosques . 
  not sure how much more information needs to be provided before doing this would not offend your delicate sensibilities . 
  considering catalonia is quite close to these mountains i would say no as i prefer having 2 arms instead of 3, 
  eta signed a permanent cease fire 4 years ago, 
  what the hell are you talking about , why is this kind of view always supplied by an emotional attack instead of common sense and facts ? 
  is it because people like you are n't dealing with cold hard reality as it is but instead ideals ? 
  wait a second so the belgian prime minister knew that certain mosques in his country were in his words `` radical '' , and after a terrorist from belgium attacked france he decided to take a stand by threatening to close these known radical mosques ? 
  wake me up , it 's a bad dream , this continent is a fucking joke, 
   russia ca n't do anything more at this point . 
  who is going to stop them from doing anything more ? 
  a formal but strongly worded letter from eu '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` authorities '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' ? 
  you 'd be helping putin cut down on his toilet paper budget . 
  exactly , it 's quite a different situation and five seconds of thinking would allow anyone to see that, 
  i accept your apology , but it 's still your country that is really fucking shit up . 
  yes and when we were controlling them too well germany threaten sanctions, 
  yes they regularly attack overseas territories from fellow nato members, 
  disagreeing with german holocost denial/nazi laws isnt blanket support for free speech , youre just a canadian nonce that came in here trying to pander to europeans cause you think everyone in europe has your political views, 
   i could n't see rajoy take in 1 million refugees in a single year . 
  why are you saying this like it 's a bad thing ? 
  not taking 1 million refugees in a single year means you are a radical conservative now ? 
  maybe it is your political spectrum that is out of whack . 
  not to mention the simple fact of how retarded it would be to take 1 million new people of any origin/status in a country that is suffering from massive unemployment of natives at the moment . 
  i like how you tried to pretend that you 're in touch with spain but managed to forget that reality . 
  you are blaming americans for holocaust denial ? 
  why do germans find a way to blame the us for everything , you especially have some nerve to do so with regard to this time period as they kept the german state existing after ww1 and rebuilt it after ww2 . 
  it is quite shameless . 
  no , i think there is an easy choice . 
  nato gets involved and airstrikes the fuck out of isis, 
  so , weigh what you just wrote in your post and ask yourself if taking this chance of nothing happening is worth stirring the pot when the west is more than capable of dropping bombs on isis ourselves ? 
  as you said , you 're not sure about the situation , generally i think it is a good idea to not give weapons to people when we 're not sure what they 're going to turn around and do with them when it 's all said and done . 
  i can tell you that iraqi kurds still want independence btw , and top kek at talking about any sort of stability or infrastructure in syria right now . 
  yes and the west thought that it was better that afghanistani freedom fighters got the majority of the weapons to fight the soviet puppet state back then too o wait no this is the same thing , these weapons are going to go to kurdish separatist forces and will destabilize and force turkey , the most stable country in the region into a civil war . 
  it does n't matter one fuck about what you think about erdogan , turkey and everyone living in it will be worse off if/when this happens and there is a high likelihood that it will become even less secular after the fact . 
  they 're already dealing with the beginnings of separatist attacks from kurds .
