brill , that 's all i 'm in favor of . 
  if you think the attitude and words of aristocrats 700 years ago can be used in the context of a modern legal system , without even the slightest amount of review , our viewpoints are fundamentally at odds . 
  i believe that the world has changed since the law was written , evidently you do not . 
   habeus corpus hails from 1305 , do we need to urgently review that too ? 
  well yeah , kind of . 
  not to change what the law does , or even what it means . 
  but the wording of the thing will inevitably be a bit archaic , and this may cause problems . 
  yeah , that 's fine . 
  no criticism of the foreign secretary here , i 'm just wondering why this has n't been updated . 
  the law itself says :  when a man doth ... imagine the death of our lord the king ... [ that ] ought to be judged treason so imagining treason is a crime ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  laws as old as this may not be suitable in the 21st century , and should be given a second look . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's definitely possible . 
  it 's just that it does n't usually seem to work out that way . 
  all i 'm saying is , it 'll be a rare event , as i 'm sure we all can see . 
   it is absolutely 100 % treason to be on the other side of the line from the armed forces of the democratically elected government of the united kingdom , if you are british . 
  see now that 's a really clear answer , which i fully believe . 
  but are we really relying on a seven hundred year law to tell us this ? 
  hmmm , that 's an interesting point . 
  i think that when you 're using such an old law , the language can be unclear due to no other factor other than age . 
  i think that updating the law should be something to look into every now and again ; and even if you do n't change the law , bringing the language up to date is a good idea . 
  i would too . 
  i just do n't see how you would have to go back so far to find an applicable law . 
  is it treason to fight with an enemy army ? 
  surely that 's the sort of idea which would be in a pretty recent law ? 
  sorry mate , i think there may be a couple of crossed wires here . 
  i was doing a joke . 
  birmingham and it 's actually the qu ` ran belt . 
   there 's a good chance police will be busy with nonsense yes , but your proposal makes it a certainty . 
  yeah , but it could have been an isis flag , which i believe would warrant further investigation . 
   what you 're talking about is a `` zero exception '' approach . 
  this `` no thinking , just do x every single time '' . 
  those approaches are stupid , wasteful , and result in more bullshit for everyone . 
  whereas your approach is guaranteed to , at some point , result in the police deciding not to respond to a genuine incident . 
  what exactly is wrong with this ? 
  if thew police show up and you were either lying to them , or just called over something insignificant , you can be fined . 
  so what is the issue ? 
  either the cops investigate everything , and sometimes have to fine time wasters , or they only investigate some things are occasionally somebody gets domestically abused . 
   that 's already how it is though , under the dublin regulation . 
  you can only claim asylum in the first eu country you entered . 
  if you go to another country to claim asylum and they figure out you 've already been somewhere else , they 'll turn the asylum request over to the country of first entry . 
  well alright then , sweet . 
  why are people still trying to get into the uk then ? 
  i must clarify . 
  some have no assylum claim , and can not game the welfare state . 
  these ones are those who are looking for illegal work , which is easier to access because we do n't have id cards and such . 
  the second group do have an assylum claim , but do n't make that claim in france because the uk has , as i said , cushier benefits . 
  the answer as i see it is obvious . 
  make it illegal to claim assylum if you have already spent an amount of time in an eu country which would satisfy your claim . 
  i 'm going to pop out the old `` beggars ca n't be choosers '' here . 
  i 'm firmly in favour of giving those in danger asylum but if they have chosen not to seek asylum in france because they 'd prefer to come to the uk , i 'm sceptical of their claim . 
  because they are n't there to seek refuge , they 're trying to cross the channel to a , get easy illegal work ; and b a more cushy benefits system . 
  i do n't like holding this opinion of immigrants . 
  i 'm pro immigration , but these people are in a safe country where they could `` seek refuge '' , but they refuse to . 
  you assume she 's telling the truth . 
  how convenient it would be to simply believe all supposed victims of crime . 
  we do n't live in a world of convenience however . 
  all we know now is that this alleged abuser has n't had anything proven against him . 
  you can not throw his rights away . 
  if we punish based on nothing but accusation , how long will it be before we too are in prison ? 
  i ca n't say , i really ca n't . 
  but that 's not an argument is it ? 
  just because she claims to have been abused does n't mean she can confront people in the street . 
  whilst this is obviously a horrible situation , you have to keep these things in mind : she is confronting an innocent man on the street . 
  yes , i know it sounds like i 'm taking his side , and that i do n't believe the woman who got arrested , but that 's not what i mean . 
  he is innocent until he 's proven guilty , and nobody who has n't been proven guilty deserves to be harrassed in the street . 
  if any other person had done this to any other person , they would also have been arrested . 
  in fact , by acting in such a way , she makes herself look worse to a jury , and could possibly harm her case in court . 
  we have a system which failed , but that does n't excuse criminal behavior , which this actually is . 
  can you imagine if the police simply tolerated this ? 
  can you imagine if they simply threw judicial process out of the window and allowed harassment of people based on nothing but accusation ? 
  i hope he is found guilty , and i hope he spends the rest of his life in jail . 
  but until he is , you can not harass him in the street . 
  what 's to investigate exactly ?? 
  nhs food was actually ok when i was in . 
  i mean , it was n't gormet , but it was as good a quality as i would get at home , if a bit heavy on the gammon . 
  what the fuck is it with canteens and gammon ?? 
  rekt . 
  the biggest problem with the north south divide is that people from the south do n't understand to which the north is completely fucked . 
  as demonstrated hence . 
  we are the tumour riding on the south east already . 
  they do n't need to split off , the country is already set up to massively favour them anyway . 
  i wan na buy some land , somebody link me . 
  scotland now includes everywhere north of birmingham . 
  free tuition and prescription to all who , in election , vote for snp politician !, 
  i 'm in favor of spending * some * of our sovereign military budget on an eu armed force instead of our national one . 
  but thee are drawbacks . 
  any deployment decisions may have to be unanimous . 
  good one, 
  do n't really give a fuck what the rich do with their elitist little sanctum . 
  they 're still going to rule over , and fuck over , the poor no matter what statues they tear down . 
  the only solutions are : 1 . 
  accept the massive cost of looking after migrants who do n't want to stay in continental europe anyway . 
  allow them to cross to the uk . 
  which would be illegal . 
  and is n't really gon na happen ever . 
  remove the migrants to somewhere like ... say ... north africa to let them fend for themselves . 
  if you make it law that a certain number of the population have to train as reserves when they 're young , it 's entirely possible that you could fill the regular peace time army with young people who ; having been through the training , would like to make a full time job of soldiering . 
  in the end there might not be a single person conscripted into front line service , and national mandatory training for a reserve force is common practice throughout the world .
