  - before erdo\u011fan there was a huge crisis and tens of thousands of people lost their job.while country was recovering with huge reforms bah\u00e7eli ( yes that f.cking guy.he was part of the coalition goverment ) forced goverment to resign for a new election and in that election only akp and chp passed the 10 % electoral dam ( akp got 1/3 of the voters but controlled 3/4 of the parliment due to that shit ) . akp become the new goverment and countiued the reforms and growth increased a lot so more people started voting for him.even now growth is still high despite all the problems ( it could have been a lot faster under a better goverment ) . 
  - opposition is very divided and is not agressive enough to fight against erdo\u011fan ( some mhp and some hdp people are throwing shit at chp for k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu 's walk.it is both sad and funny at the same time ) . people are afraid of coaltions because of that economic crisis ( the one that happened before the akp came to power.the fear of coaltion actually caused more people to vote yes in referandum and it was one of the promises of the yes camp ) which makes it even worse for the opposition . 
  - erdo\u011fan gave more rights to kurds and other minorities , increased growth , made a pretty good universal health care system , built a lot of schools , hospitals , roads , airports and is loved by rular people because of that . 
  - conservative people got oppressed during the late 90s which increased support for erdo\u011fan ( erdo\u011fan was jailed for reading a poem ) . 
  - turkey started many military projects in 90s . many of them were completed in 2000s during akp and akp also started many military projects and now turkey is a lot less dependent on some countries and is devoloping nearly all of her weapons by herself and exports them . 
  - 90s were very very bad for turkey.huge clashes with pkk , economic problems , diplomatic problems , goverments falling soon after they are formed etc. 
  after all these akp came and promised change which got them many votes . 
  - things changed a lot.turkey was always a big regional power but problems in the region damaged turkey 's competators and with many factors turkey grew a lot and became the one of the most powerful powers in the area and started projecting its power to africa , eastern europe , central asia ( + azerbaijan ) and gulf region.many people think erdo\u011fan played an important role in it ( he had a very positive effect but could have made it even better ) . 
  - erdo\u011fan made it seem like opposition was the enemy . 
  edit : i was on mobile sorry for typos trying to fix them edit : forgot one important thing - erdo\u011fan managed to create fake internal and external enemies and used them to distract people while doing his secret shit and things like this.he also made many people think opposition is an enemy while doing it . 
  many akp people are acting blind.akp supporters think all other parties are enemies and even if they do n't agree with akp countiue voting for them . 
   what the fuck is erdogan trying to accomplish here . 
  probably trying to not to lose more votes in the future by trying to make young people more conservative ( it is not really working.country is getting more and more secular ( which is normal.turkey is getting secular non-stop since the last 200 + years and will countiue to so it does n't have much to do with erdo\u011fan ) and the number of atheist skyrocketed thanks to erdo\u011fan ) . the other important part is he is using his fake `` enemies '' to distract his followers ( just check twitter.many pro-akp people get angry at akp 7/24 but when you say `` why do n't you vote for other parties '' they say `` those are enemies.they do x.akp is bad but it is the best choice '' or say `` akp is bad but country is doing good unlike the 90s '' ( considering akp 's media propaganda it is not suprsing ) ) . 
  it seems like he is trying to make more people belive into `` enemies '' he created by doing these shit and using media . 
   he does n't even have 15 % support for this the erdo\u011fan himself said he does n't support anything like this.i will try to check the book ( they only released topics and people are making guess depending on that.book is not released yet ) when thry release it . 
   but his dumbass supporters are willing to look away while he does his social engineering . 
  i also do n't understand it.erdo\u011fan makes 180s 7/24 and his supporters ca n't see that.how the f.ck a man can get turkish nationalist votes , kurdish nationalist votes , liberal votes , conservative votes,anti-atat \u00fcrk votes and prp-atat\u00fcrk votes at the same f.cking time i still do n't understand ( he is doing propaganda 7/24 but ca n't people see it rhe truth ? ), 
  erdo\u011fan supporters wo n't probably leave akp until a good rightwing party rises . 
   i give this guy a maximum of 5 years more , if he is very lucky . 
  unless he tries to push something big or an economic crisis etc. 
  happens i do n't think it will happen that soon.i think he will go for 8-10 years if something does n't happen to him . 
   this is the first time he has started going directly against the wishes of his voterbase . 
  his voter base need a strong opposition to show them the stuff he is doing.until then he is very strong . 
  edit : typo, 
  the importance of those % are not debateable since countries are n't made up of 2-3 people.some majority muslim countries ( mainly turkic republic ) control religion and do n't let people/countries open mosques and only appopoint the imams that are trained by themselves in mosques inside their country and outside their country and send all orders/friday prayers from a single source and force all imams to obey it and read it to prevent extermists ( erdo\u011fan himself said `` wahabism and similar movements are n't part of our islam '' ) . the only downside is it causes some islamic sects to lose a lot of power and if not done correctly damages them a lot . 
  some majority muslim countries do n't do it and many european states also do n't do it.it did n't cause a lot of problem in the past since but extermists like saudi arabia is investing a lot to mosqeus in europe and creating a lot of extermists ( the number of belgian foreign fighters in syria is a lot compared to others for example ) . 
  the most important part  national election threshold to either 5 or 7 percent from the current 10 percent it would probably cause mhp and hdp to lose votes ( i hope meral ak\u015fener starts her own party and enters parliment ) . 
  people fuck and have babies ( especially if they just saved themselves from a disaster ) . 
  yeah you can check polls and researchs to see it . 
  [ here is one of them ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5dynao/how_turkish_people_feel_about_secularism_as_of/ ) . young people all over the world are more secular and liberal due to internet , globalization etc. 
  ( i have relatives who are hardcore akp supporters and them are more secular than their parents and their children are more secular than them.i also have many hardcore chp supporters in my family and the new generation of them is also more secular ) . 
  but the thing is akp 's policies are damaging the country and wasting a lot of potential so we ca n't say `` oh let 's wait for erdo\u011fan to die so things could be better '' . 
   you have n't been paying attention . 
  one of the first thing erdogan did when he gained power was put his first born son in charge of education . 
  the last number i saw was that there were 1.2 million students in [ imam-hatip ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/12/turkish-parents-steered-religious-schools-secular-imam-hatip ) schools . 
  the only thing students study in these schools is arabic , the quran and the haddiths . 
  the only thing they are qualified for is to be an imam or a sharia court judge . 
  imam hatibs are bad but they do teach all lessons like normal schools ( anatolian \u0130mam hatips teach all lessons + \u0130mam hatib lessons while normal \u0130mam hatibs teach all lessons but their hour per week is less than other schools ) so not only arabic and quran . 
  there should be \u0130mam hatibs but there should n't be this much.meslek liseleri are a lot better compared to them and is a lot better alternative for students who got low points from exams ( those who study in it helps country by helping industry a lot better than \u0130mam hatibs ) . 
   some people will read this and dismiss it as islamophobic . 
  it is not and those who say it do n't know anything.all though it would be nice for you to edit it once more . 
   i hope they remember and re-evaluate their position when turkey announces its first implementation of some sharia laws . 
  it will be done in tiny steps just like all the changes up to this point . 
  turkey wo n't announce sharia laws.erdo\u011fan wants more conservative people since young people ( 80 % of young people support secularism while about 70-75 % of average support it ) are getting more and more secular while many hardcore shaira supporters are very old people.despite erdo\u011fan 's effort people will become more and more secular but it can be faster and country can advance faster under a better goverment.erdo\u011fan 's efforts is only damaging the country and will damage erdo\u011fan supporters when he leaves office . 
  it was already happening since 2007 . erdo\u011fan is using his powers without any limit and damaging the country . 
  ok then thanks . 
  sorry bro but i am bored of that shit ( people who do n't know anything about issue acting like warmongers ) . i checked his history before posting it and saw he only had 60 karma and thought `` he is serious then '' but now realised that his account is pretty new.sorry if i offended you . 
  great city.i also suggest you to go to batumi if you visit georgia . 
   take constantinople back when ... greece ? 
  so greece can be majority turkish ( since istanbul has an higher population than all of greece ) . m ? 
   the germans are getting out of turkey maybe they will help  yeah germans will help greeks attack a country that has 8 times larger population ,4 times larger economy 3 times larger the defense spending + a good arms industry and good industry , high growth ( despite the political situation ) and a overly patriotic citizens ... 
  please do n't post bs like this in similar threads because it does n't make any sense . 
   good info . 
  i recall azerbaijan tackling the gulenists days after the coup . 
  so the two countries seem to be coordinated in this aspect . 
  yeah . 
   anyhow my point was that secularism in azerbaijan is also because of the government and not because there is any intrinsic quality in azeris which makes them secular . 
  an evidence for this are the azeris of iran who are very religious . 
  secularism in many majority muslim countries are caused by the previous goverments.today azerbaijani people are secular because of their goverment while iranian azerbaijani are n't that secular because of their goverment ( so it is n't about the race but about state 's policies.i hope iran and other countries also become secular one day and understand the importance of it ) . 
   also note that the 900 number is one report and azerbaijan is largely shia so these have to be minority sunni . 
  maybe not a high number but given that the country is heavily controlling religion and its is majority shia , it still is concerning . 
  azerbaijani people do n't really care about the sect so much ( they pretty much do n't care about it ) and as you said the religion is controlled so the extermists get even more extermist but there is only few of them.is it concerning?yes but is it that big of a problem?i do n't think so.post soviet-turkic states did a very good job at keeping salafism and iranian backed shiism away from themselves and usually cooparated with turkey ( which also stopped extermists from spreading and do n't let them into turkey ) and turkey is also doing a good job at beign secular but many chinese turkic people are getting radicalized ( some of them even fought against turkey in syria among isis ranks.isis shared a photo of probably turkic fighters coming into al-bab as reinforments and a day later some photos of killed militants `` leaked '' to internet and many turks called them `` mankurts '' ( it is a word used by turkic people.it means something like a brainwashed slave.it is also good for this situation since people beign brainwashed into fighting against other people which are very very close to them is very bad and seeing all those turkic jihadist from china makes me sad ) ) so it is usually turkic states doing a good job at protecting secularism but they should work harder to protect those turkic people and other people in other countries from radical islam . 
  f.cking cunt.these cowards think they are manly but escape when someone who they ca n't bully shows up.i hope that he gets a tough sentence because this is the thing that stops them ( he now got 3 years 9 months but there is few other cases filed against him and he will also be trialled for 3 different crimes for this attack so it will probably increase.a similar thing happened last year and police released and detained the guy 3 times and in the end the judge who let him go for 3 times was jailed for beign a gulenist and the attacker was put in jail for 4 years.it is really sad to see how akp damaged turkey 's judicial system ), 
   granted that being ex-soviet helps in irreligiously but make no mistake that it is also because practice of religion is restricted in azerbaijan in the sense that saudi salafism and iranian shiism can not make inroads because of government control and crackdown . 
  calling that restricted is a wrong thing to do.saudi salafism and iranian shiism is extermism and is also banned in turkey and diyanet controls all of religion and mosques ( which keeps turkey secular and makes it even more secular ) so it is more like controling religion to protect people . 
   the government there is of authoritarian nature , a dictatorship if you will . 
  [ azerbaijani isis fighters are not uncommon ] ( http://news.az/articles/society/119513 ) . 
  900 is literally nothing considering that the azerbaijani people can acess syria pretty easily and azerbaijan have a population about 10 million ( there are also other lists about isis fighters per million on this sub you can check them to compare ) . 
   it would be interesting to see if erdogan 's brand of islam will be allowed to make further inroads into azerbaijan . 
  i do n't know which goverment part controlls religion in azerbaijan but turkish diyanet works closely with other turkic countries.it seems like azerbaijan do n't have a problem with it but they had a huge problem with gulen when erdo\u011fan was working with them and closed their schools down as soon as turkey was fine with it . 
  np.those papers are also pro-gov which makes them more powerful due to funds etc. i searched for the news and found out that this was posted only on the european version of sabah ( which is still in turkish but made for turkish diaspora in europe ) so it is targetted at turkish diaspora in germany and europe.anti-goverment newspapers like s\u00f6zc\u00fc and t-24 praised this ( the women , herliberal mosque and what she is doing ) but they did it in their turkish version ( the ones that are sold in turkey ) and do n't know if they posted something about it in their european one if they have one . 
   i like how people claim that the turkish form is islam is amongst the most tolerant forma of islam ( there are n't many known turkish islamist terrorists ) , because it is and every data show turkic muslims are the most secular muslim group excluding the european muslims ( the highest support for secularism comes from azerbaijan ) . 
  there are few known turkish terrorist but their motives were usually nationalism before islamism . 
   but turks is very radical in their own way . 
  define radical.turkish people get angry very quickly and get defensive if they feel threatened ( like this one.most people do n't care but close to none would care if they did n't include gulen etc. 
  to make more people care about it by touching their soft spot ) but is not radicalism . 
   maybe they wo n't blow themselves up , but they 'll happily terrorize people nonetheless . 
  who are we terrorizing can you please tell me ? 
  edit : typo, 
  what?saudi 's and gulf is increasing its control over european muslims by opening new mosques.diyanet was doing fine but in the last 10 years they started doing ridiculus akp propaganda so they damaged themselves but still they are times better than other mosques and they keep turkish muslims under control.liberal mosques like this one is a nice thing to have but they are n't replacing the old ones . 
  because some people ca n't accept change but they are hardliners ( they are minority ) so make up other shit to make people care about it ( calling them gulenists in this case.people would n't care about it if they did n't call her gulenists ) . 
  no but we also have culturals sports where men chase women in horses if men wins he gets a kiss of women wins she beats him with a wimp ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  erdo\u011fan 's ? it is i want more votes one . 
  [ there is pro-erdo\u011fan lgbt groups and they join to his rallies lol . 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctshus28e_i-jbjq1enkbiqpsw9_ilmzkhg4xzaqb_9ygrcpa6bqqbecqsr ) . he also said lgbt people should be protected by law in few of his speeches.erdo\u011fan really is a different ( aka can do anything for votes ) guy lol . 
  actually many people say it was just a colour testing ( i posted that news the first day it happened and deleted because many people said that ) . 
  it is the general motto of turkish sufis but do n't know about others . 
  afaik it is a sufi mosque.thir motto is `` come , come again , whoever you are , come !, 
  heathen , fire worshipper or idolatrous , come !, 
  come even if you broke your penitence a hundred times , ours is the portal of hope , come as you are '' so they probably know it and local people there won ' t really care about it ( most of those who get triggered are \u00c7omars and they have close relations with the goverment so they sound even more louder ) . 
  i was actually also going to write that but forgot lol sorry i really hate seeing the same shitty articles for the 155th time, 
  turkey have n't upgraded those tanks for now only one was upgraded to show what it can do . 
  turkey has been fighting against pkk for 30 years so we are very experienced at ied , mine and rpg protection ( turkish armored vehicles are very good at dealing with ieds , rpgs and atgms and are getting even better because of this ) and it is nothing new to us.the leong ( the name of the upgrade pack ) is also good at dealing with them but turkey gained a lot of more experince in the last 4 years ( during the clashes in cities and during the fight against isis ) so it will probably be redesigned or will be changed with a new upgrade pack ( the old one was also kinda expensive ) . if they redesign it or try a new one it will probably look like altay versions.altay has 2 versions mbt ( main battle tank ) and awt ( asymmetric warfare tank ) [ mbt is on the left awt is on the right ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqj7eccwvvpmzb2deozhdpfnbsc1hbyn76skezhx5hu6trui2iue6vkiaq7mg ) ( altays will enter serial production very soon but these upgrades are still needed and it will take some time until there is big amount of altays in taf 's arsenal so upgrades might happen soon ) . 
  turkey already has upgrade packs for leo2a4s devoloped by themselves but we do n't uprgade them because i do n't know ... we are literally the largest economy in the region but insist on spending 1,6 % while our eastern neighbours are either dictatorial maniacs or countries that are invaded/under influnce of those dictatorial maniacs . 
  turkey bought leos because they were very very cheap but it is clear that an upgrade is needed atleast a part of them until altays ( which has better armor , aps and reactive armor ) enter service . 
  part 2 since i passed the 10k limit  many representative of the government have shared various numbers like 20 , 30 , 40 , and even 60 percent to identify the number of g\u00fclenists in the armed forces . 
  because mit was making list of gulenists while erdo\u011fan was working with them to purge them.it is really funny to see erdo\u011fan and akp doing something smart . 
   we do not see any effort to bring turkish military out of the trauma of the coup then it is clear that you are blind . 
   ak party linked islamists who were isolated from military many years ago gulenists were also akp linked islamists  `` nato will have , in two or four years , a member army full of extremists and salafists . ''  if anyone thinks that a pro-erdogan salafist would fight now the article is even more shit lol.erdo\u011fan is n't salafist and turkey is n't salafist.turks has been fighting against salafists since say one ( yes even the f.cking ottoman empire hated them )  turkish armed forces are divided between erdoganists and pro-russians great insight about the military ... ffs atleast try befofe something like this  one the one side , the salafists from turkish army there is n't any salafists in turkish army and there wo n't be.even the most hardline turks ( which is a very very small minority ) are far modarate compared to salafists . 
   whereas perincek wants those posts for his pro-russian network in the army nice ... there might be pro-russians in turkish army but they are n't that big and perin\u00e7ek ( an old guy who does n't know what to do.his party also got % 0.32 in the last elections ... ) is n't definetly their leader .
