  the first picture ( a soldier stabbing a guy who is in an unusual clothing ) refers to turkish victory in [ greco-turkish war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-turkish_war_ ( 1919 -- 1922 ) second picture is about clothing reform third picture is about secularism fourth picture is about language reform fifth picture is about turkish civil code which gave women and men equal rights . 
  referandum.he is trying to create an enemy to gain votes . 
   occupying foreign soil can hardly be called protecting your country . 
  the balkans did n't belong to the ottomans anymore than india belonged to the british . 
  balkan armies came close to istanbul and it was a defensive war to protect where many ottoman civilians lived . 
   who says its their country ? 
  ask any armenian about his country . 
  misak-\u0131 milli ( national oath ) which was accepted by turkish parliment as the borders ( excludingnfee areas all of those areas were under ottoman rule before the empire collapsed ) . 
   that 's part of every war . 
  and?does that make it good ? 
   they killed as many as they could , liked or find necessary . 
  hitler also did n't kill `` every single jew '' . 
  yea they supported them as in many cases they worked with them as paramilitary troops . 
  it does n't have to be all muslims , a few are enough to make the christians distrustful . 
  what?hitler literally killed or forced every jew to leave and the number of jews in europe is nothing compared to pre-1933 numbers . 
  ottomans tried to assimilate christans and a huge part of the country was christian during their peak.they gave converts many opportunities to make christians muslim faster.if they really murdered every single christian there would have been far less christians in balkans and ottomans would have collapsed sooner . 
   it 's not most of them , it 's around 50-50 . 
  them being natives makes no difference , if anything a traitor is worse than an invader . 
  again the same `` traitor '' logic.jews , armenians and caucasian muslims were also `` traitors '' in the eyes of some people.i know this was what those people thought but they were blinded by nationalism and idea of revenge . 
   not `` every single german '' fought for the german army . 
  still it makes no difference , they inevitably all payed the price . 
  well , actually not all since there are 800k turks in the balkans still . 
  as i said i know these things happen but the main part is they are bad . 
   apparently those who drove them out did n't think so . 
  i also do n't think it is particularly doable . 
  it 's important to note that many of them left on their own by following the defeated ottoman army not wanting to live under christian rule . 
  it was doable but considering the fact that most of those revolts were nationalist based it was very hard . 
  many of them left because of fear not because they wanted to leave their homes . 
   any ethnic conflict is the direct result of the ottoman conquest and colonization . 
  as such any blame lies with the turks . 
  ethnic cleansing is actually quite normal in cases of demographic imbalances following an invasion . 
  the byzantines for example when they found out the goths could not be assimilated and had taken important positions within the military , simply slaughtered them and drove their remains into central anatolia . 
  i know this things happen during wars but this is wrong.i think we should be able to accept it and move on . 
   assuming that the christians would prove to be so merciful and forgiving which i highly doubt , this is not realistic in the long run . 
  a country like bulgaria with 1.5 million turks living as slaves would ultimately be lead to civil chaos and probably an turkish invasion to `` save '' the muslims ala cyprus . 
  the more realistic answer would be similar to hatay ( where a huge part of the population was arab ) . arabs assimilated or interigated into the society.despite beign near syria and most arabs beign alewite ( which plays a very important role in syrian state ) they see themselves as turkish and prefer turkey over syria and it is far from perfect.similar things could have been done in balkans . 
   i understand them , what i support is irrelevant when they 're gon na happen anyway . 
  i also understand them too but we should point out the bad things about these things . 
  in europe maybe but in the world it is jordan or lebnon ( for per capita and for the number it is turkey ) . 
  because rojova ( which is officaly democratic federal system of northern syria ) says `` we are syrian and we will stay as part of syria '' ( also a huge part of their population is n't kurdish ) . 
  edit : typo, 
   are turkish people really this blind ? 
  no most are n't that is why most people do n't support him but he controlls a huge part of media and shit like this ( campaign in europe thing ) gives him a boost in his campaign.you can get votes by creating and using a foreign threat ( like refugees for european right wing ) but the most important thing is erdo\u011fan is a huge populist.he changes his stances and manages to hide it from his voters thanks to his media support . 
   why should n't they be allowed to conceal their casualty ratio ? 
  because it is disrespectful and will create more problems in the future.hiding your casualties is basically lying to your own people and preventing them from getting information they need to know . 
   and how do we know media is not misleading us ? 
  this is a good point.we are n't sure so let 's just do n't blame russia for now . 
   so where did those 300k muslims , that fought in the first balkan war under the turkish banner and who were willing to murder their neighbours for the sultan to rule over them , come from ? 
  where did the muslims that fought the greek army and armenian army in anatolia come from ? 
  who did the muslim civilians of istanbul who massacred the greek population in 1821 come from ? 
  let 's be honest here shall we ? 
  from all over the country ( and not only muslims ) also they did n't wanted to kill their neighbors for sultans rule but tried to protect their country like nearly in every single war . 
  the army that fought against greeks and armenians in anatolia were mostly local people.they were grouped into an army and fought against the people to take back their country but this does n't make massacres against greek and armenian civilians right ( similar to what happened to muslims in balkan wars ) . 
  another important part is revenge mentality is a bad thing.in this case you are n't saying `` well we know those things happened but the reason was this '' but you are basically saying `` they were enemies so they killed them '' . 
   but were more than happy to let other muslims do their killing for them which makes them no different . 
  do you really think ottomans killed every single christians they saw and all muslims in the area supported ? 
   they supported the ottomans who had enslaved the christians and stolen their lands which again makes them no different . 
  considering the fact that most of them were local people it is different . 
   that 's not true . 
  they overwhelming majority supported the ottomans , not the bulgarian , greek or serb revolunaries . 
  the allegiance of turkish speaking muslims in the balkans and europe is first and foremost towards a foreign country , turkey . 
  one can also point to the cypriot case . 
  the muslims did n't and do n't want to live under greece and greek rule ( enosis ) even though a self rule or taksim could only exist through ethnic cleansing . 
  they preferred an ethnic cleansing of their neighbours than what the perceived as foreign rule . 
  first of all `` they did n't really care about those stuff '' is n't they never gave a f.ck but you are acting like every single one of them were soldiers who fought to their last blood.those people were locals.giving them a chance to stay and interigating them to society would have been a lot more benefitial for those countries . 
   how would democracy in let 's say bulgaria would have functioned when a significant part of the population would be more likely to serve hostile turkish rather than bulgarian interests ? 
  part of the population would have been turkish or muslim but there would have been a way for them to stay in the country.the logic you are using is the logic generaly used by people who support ethnic cleansing.it is n't about it beign benefitial ( it was benefitial for bulgaria and balkans in the short term ) but it beign wrong.defending the massacres against people while acting like they were foreigners is n't a good thing to do . 
   let 's get over with this then : muslims who supported the interests of their christian neighbours should not have been harmed under any condition ottomans mostly forced christians to pay taxes and many times governers were local muslims.similar thing could have been done instead of killing and forcing people to leave . 
   those whose supported hostile interests should naturally be left at the mercy of the victors as is the case with any fifth column anywhere else . 
  on the other hand the murder of innocents , either as retribution to a previous offence or simply as war crimes , is to be expected in any war no matter the moraliy of the act itself . 
  the morality is important because the words you use make it look like you support those things . 
   i was referring to the christian retaliation after the failed invasion of the ottomans in vienna . 
  acts like these exist in every war , it 's not `` muslim persecution '' anymore than the countless ottoman invasions are `` christian persecution '' . 
  thanks i was asking about it.considering the fact that most ex-ottoman christians call it christian persecution than it is ok the other way . 
  i agree with some of your points but do n't agree with your mentality . 
  sorry i did n't see your message until now ( that is why it took me so long to reply )  justify what ? 
  both groups killed each other according to what they wanted . 
  the muslims wanted the balkans occupied by the sultan 's troops and the continuation of the 5 hundred ottoman rule and the rebellious christian did n't . 
  it 's obvious that a change of the status quo would not have come without innocents getting killed so in the end it depends on how moral you view the ottoman rule vs the cause of the christians . 
  you are overly simplifying it.a lot of muslims did n't care about political rule that much and did n't kill anyone ( like a lot of christians ) . you are acting like every single muslim murdered christians and took their lands and fought for ottomans until their last blood while most of them were local people who converted to islam and did n't really care about those stuff.most of them would have stayed in their lands if they were n't forced out or did n't face persecution.it is n't about ottoman or christian rule but how civilians were treated saying `` it is not presecution if you invade someone 's lands and they kick your ass '' ( which is what you said ) is wrong.you are demonizing those people and justifying the bad things that happened to them . 
   what do you mean by `` this is the second time sharing this '' ? 
  a guy who had a similar name to yours also shared that link in a similar conversation a mounth ago and i replied to him.i thought you were that guy so my bad sorry :( ( this is actually why i deleted that part ) . 
   in your comment you referred to some of the massacres ( and a genocide ) but did n't mention the one i linked to which is somewhat relevant to what the parent comment was addressing and your reply . 
  the things i wrote were only about adana massacre which is the massacre in the link you shared . 
  - this happened a day after the 31 march incident started ( which happened during 12,13-27april 1909 . radical islamist in the army rebelled with the help of sultan.ottoman army marched to capital and crushed the rebellioun , brought back order and replaced the sultan ) while country was in chaos . 
  - people who were resposible were punished after the 31 march incident was dealt with ( even nationalist like halid edip ad\u0131var denonced and apologised for it as soon it happened ) . 
   yeaaaa i am not sure about that . 
  the young turks while being liberalish where behind brutal massacres of christian populations ( not to mention the armenian genocide ) . 
  young turks was a coalition that had many groups.their goal was to overthrow sultan and they did it.they also established a parliment.massacres you are talking about were done under three pasha rule ( which were also the part of the young turks movement but they took control after the 1913 coup ) . 
   i am pretty sure non-turkish locals remembers them as murderers . 
  non-turkish people also got into the parliment after 1908 revolution and i explained the difference between the groups in the first part of the reply . 
   i believe there was an effort during the late stages of the empire to create a commonwealth in the same way the anglosaxons did with their empire . 
  it would give more freedoms to bulgarians , greeks etc. 
  but turkish nationalism was starting to be a thing and some years later the nationalists formed their government in ankara . 
  the rest is history there were movement like that which gave more freedom to all ethnic people in the country .1908 revolution was about it ( it gave a lot of rights to other ethnic groups and tried to create an ottoman identity ) and it started it in balkans with huge support from local people.it worked very good for few years but empire was falling and defeats in wars really slowed it down and the 1913 coup ruined it ( 3 pashas took control with that coup ) . 
  so do you think this justifys it ? 
   it 's not persecution if you invade someone 's lands and they kick your ass . 
  ( are you only talking about the great turkish war part ? ), 
  most of those people ( espc in balkans ) were local people who converted to islam.calling this kicking someones ass is wrong.civilians were murdered and kicked out of their homes . 
   why are all muslims regarded as turks in this map ?
