  not every one of them was ethnically greek.for example ataturks family was settled there and his family is originally from central anatolia . 
  they considered themselves turks ( some were n't and were exchanged because they were muslim ) . so they are turks you ca n't force people to be some thing if they do n't accept it . 
  edit : * every, 
  ~ ~ it looks like usa compared to mediterranean sea.i wish it was a little higher . ~ ~ edit : thanks u/aqua _ maris, 
  shah means leader , king and padishah means king of kings ( so like emperor ) ottoman padishah used khan ( turkic ) , sultan ( muslim ) , chalip ( muslim ) , kayser-i rum ( ceaser ) , \u00c7elebi ( means educated ) . 
  also they used different titles.the last one of them was . 
  ** translation ** sultan ( name of the sultan ) khan , ruler of house of osman , sultan of sultans , khan of khans , allah 's prophet 's faithful fighter and his successor.guardian of 3 holy cities jerusalem , mekke , medina , empire of e cities istanbul , edirne , bursa ... ( they then list all of the lands they control or controlled ) . 
  we celebrate the new year 's day ( 1st of january `` y\u0131lba\u015f\u0131 '' in turkish ) this is christmas ( 25th of december `` noel '' in turkish ) . it is different but old turks used to de decorate trees on 22nd of december ( it is called narudgan and many turkic people still do it ) and this decision is just stupid.also santa is from modern day turkey and people use it for tourism but our great leaders ca n't understand it.so is part of our culture only arab wannabes ( not muslims ) claim it is not part of our cultrue and they try to trick people into beliving it . 
   since the breakup of the soviet union , turkey has used nato protection to push into overdrive its own military aspirations in the region . 
  as expected.what turkey did was know and some times supported by nato . 
   a brazen example of the volatility of having turkey as a `` partner '' was illustrated in 2013 when turkey agreed to buy its first long range missile defense system from the state owned , china precision machinery import-export corporation . 
  because turkey was never an obedient ally.they joined the nato because it benefited both usa and turkey.and after sanctions in 1973 and 1974 they are trying to be less dependent on nato . 
   turkey , of course , could not follow through with such a dramatic departure from nato weapons systems , but that does not stop it from trying to be the tail that wags the dog with nato ; now announcing , it is in talks with russia to buy their s-400 air defense system . 
  because turkey does n't have any air defence system and other countries are not cooperating.and because of those previous sanctions they want to be less dependent on nato or any country . 
   turkey gets away with this barefaced behavior because of the important geographic space it commands . 
  a space too important to be controlled by one nation . 
  this reminds me arm chair generals on reddit ... 
  so the alliance did n't expired turkey wants to be more neutral and wants to cooparate with both sides in the past it was n't possible because of ussr but now things changed ( turkey was also more neutral during and before ww2 ) . trying to potray it something that happened in a year is wrong.turkey always wanted to be like that and now they can but this does n't mean they will leave nato or change sides . 
  edit : * any, 
  becauae both sides benefit from it.eu gave advises to turkey which improves economy while eu gains more power in the middle east but since 2015 things are getting worse . 
  letting refugees go to europe is alot different than opening whole borders and sending everyone they have.also many intellectual turks can just go to ambassies and get a visa . 
  do you have a link to interview ? 
  you seem to have a lot of knowledge about mena ... we are not livinging 19th century globalisation is a thing and if you are expecting eu to go against it and block relations with mena you are delusional . 
   no it does n't . 
  they 're not important at all anymore since the end of the cold war . 
  turkey plays and important role in west-mena relations.cold war being over does n't chanhe the fact that turkey is a birdge between middle east and europe and can negotiate with both sides easier then other countries . 
   refugees only started to go to turkey after jordan closed its borders . 
  people do n't want to be in turkey , migrants are no exception . 
  if we had prevented that , turkey would be empty . 
  that 's false.refugees started to come to turkey in 2012 and after the rise of isis numbers increased greatly also turkey host more syrian refugees than jordan ( also more than eu combined ) and not including the one in azaz-jarablus pocket ( controlled by taf andturkish backed forces in northen aleppo ) they also get help from turkey . 
  also refugees are not machines that can go to where they want most of them escapes as soon as possible and before jordan closed her borders turkey had more refugees than jordan . 
  it is in the centre of the country ( close to all fronts ) . also ankara 's population welcomed turkish revolutionaries ( inculuding ataturk ) and supported indipendence war a lot and first turkish ( not ottoman ) parliment was founded in ankara . 
  it was a good choice because it boosted ankara 's population a city that does n't have much to offer except for being capital ( konya is very important for agriculture ) . 
  there is difference between tak you are probably thinking of pkk.tak only does attacks and kills people in cities ( also majority of their targets are civilians ) . their attacks are on wikipedia you can check them if you want.tak mostly does attacks in western turkey to punish people and say turkish people should understand this war ( which does n't make any sense ) . 
  no i told you why tak would n't fight like that if they had similar chances.tak is known to target civilians and it gets support from racist people because of that.their goal is similiar to other organizations but they do n't care if it benefitd anyone they just want people to suffer ( which is what they said ) . 
  also crimea got many support from russia and eas annexed by russia so it is n't very similiar . 
  568 people were arrested 235 of them were arrested because they cheered death of those people who died in the bombing or made pkk ( kck ) propaganda on social media ( also some of them were released after interigation because most of them were `` lol it was made against police fuck them '' kinda people who are racist , idiots but mostly sympathizer ) . 
   if tak or pkk had a large fleet and an army that had a reasonable chance of victory , then they would fight battles with the turkish armed forces . 
  a lot of people support tak because they bring conflict to western cities ... 
  they always say kurds are killed so turks should die too ( and many kurds die in their attacks also they are known to specificly target civilians ) . 
  what ? 
   even in a recent interview pkk restated they didnt have anything do with the two police officers and if it was a kurd it was n't one from their org . 
  the leader of the chp also accused akp of being behind it if im not mistaken can you provide a link ? 
   either way you have to be pretty gullible to believe akps shit . 
  the peace process was never serious and ended because of the threat to erdogan . 
  and they 're in syria for kurds i do n't belive akp 's shit.peace process was started because of votes and they never claimed anything like that they say it was one of the main reasons of es operation . 
  it could only be destroyed with education.shia and sunni divide is more political but they have different practises.we are all muslims we should n't harm any muslims ( we should n't harm anyone ) thats why dividing muslims and attacking other religous groups are bad ( secularism is the solution ) . 
  also do you have any sources to back your claims ? 
  siege of kobana happened in 2014 ... and pkk said turkey was building outpost and building dams to kurdish cultural and after suru\u00e7 bombing ( isis bombing ) they killed 2 police officers in their sleep and said it was the revenge for the bombing ( also erdo\u011fan made things worse and directly caused the collapse of the cease fire with his remarks ) . 
  edit : turkey is fighting against isis turkish backed fsa is capturing the last major isis stronghold in the northen aleppo at the moment.and they cleared 1900km ^ 2 area from isis also turkey is sending refugees there and giving them food , medicine , education ( one school that was used as prison during isis occupation was fixed and now giving education to syrian children in arabic and turkish ) . 
   this goes way into the past son yeah way past that you did n't even mention ottoman industry was founded near western coast and mediterranean and adnan menderes just countined investing to those regions because it was cheaper and a lot less riskier . 
   evidence indicates that kurdish provinces in turkey are deliberately and consistently underdeveloped . 
  from 1968 to 1975 , 10.7 billion lira were invested in east anatolia and the southeast , areas densely populated by kurds . 
  this represents 2.4 percent of national investment compared to 31.1 percent in marmara , 20.8 percent in the agean region and 16.4 percent in the mediterranean area . 
  national per capita investment was 266 lira in 1970 , but only 148 provinces . 
  and what about central anatolia and black sea regions are they kurdish too?atat\u00fcrk wanted to start the seap ( south eastern anatolian project ) and ordered people to conduct researches about eurphates and tigris rives and how profitiable dams would be in those regions.in 1970s goverment realized investing in the in west was profitable but they have to invest in the east to increase the wealth of se and started seap also know as gap this project increased the wealth of local population and produced huge amounts of electricity also it gave water to local population . 
  \u015eanl\u0131urfa one of the centres of gap project had a huge population increase and birth rates dropped and many people moved to the city . 
  [ turk\u0131sh syrian border after gap ( the green region is \u015eanl\u0131urfa turkey other side is syria ) ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqb5nrugoda-e-o8umys_ykqmlxywoukufuomef_y_mpk2438ajkg ) also 1975 was before gap.d\u0131yarbak\u0131r got same amount of public investment as izmir while being 2.5 times smaller.goverment gives help to you ( tax cuts , funds ) if you try to start a business in se . 
  also yozgat a majority turkish city was punished and was not given fund helps for 95 years because they rebelled against goverment . 
   in many occasions it has been witnessed that the central governments do not invest in minority populated regions due to `` lack of security '' but the real reason is lack of interest . 
  there is not a single descent factory or industrial complex in kurdish region of iran , turkey , syria and iraq , an area the size of france that employs skilled workers . 
  even the oil industry does not hire local people and the revenue from oil reserves in the kurdish area has not profited the indigenous people . 
  really no factory?for example 2/9 of the coca colas factories are in kurdish regions there is only 1 coca cola factory in black sea and central anatolia and there are many other factories , industry regions there were 16 industrial zones in set in 2014 goverment is investing 15 billion tls to make it 26 . oil revenues goes to all of turkey like other revunues from different regions and oil revenues are n't that much ( they ca n't even supply turkey 's demand ) . pkk just sabotaged turkish-iran gas supply line so yeah they do damage economy . 
  also set has many cement factory which supply the demand of turkey also % 25 turkey 's meat comes from eastern anatolia . 
   statistically speaking out of the nine turkish provinces where less than one-third of the potential workforce had jobs last year , eight were in the kurdish region according to turkish government figures . 
  average incomes in the region 's 13 provinces ranged between one-third and two - thirds of the national figure , and unemployment rate is up to 19.1 % in the kurdish regions according to turkey 's official statistics , that is if the figures are not deflated . 
  the condition is even worse in syria and iran according to regional human rights resources ; official records are not available . 
  pm announced public and private investors will invest 140 billion tls in 4 years ( roads , healtcare etc. 
  ) , to eastern and south eastern turkey.also average unemployment rate is 12 % it is less than se but terror and high birth rates affect a lot . 
   the turkish war on kurds has so far amounted to more than $ 300 billion since 1984 according to turkish government estimates , which in today 's turkish economy this is an enormous amount of resources , that has resulted in a wounded nation and rising national unemployment rate of an average 14.5 % as of april 2010 , again according to the government estimates4 , sources believe a much higher figure . 
  the kurdish southeast was largely excluded from a turkish boom that saw output per capita more than double to about $ 8,500 since erdogan 's party won power in november 2002 , while the benchmark ise-100 stock index surged fivefold . 
  let me show you some researchs gdp increase of turkey 's poorest regions in [ 2001 ] ( http://i.sozcu.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/tablo1-300x182.jpg ) in 2016 check the growth rates yolova 27000 $ bitlis 3400 $ manisa 21000 $ van 4300 $ tekirda\u011f 18100 $ a\u011fr\u0131 4300 $ so growth is very similiar . 
  also pkk sabotages many projects destroyed many buildings and they try to attack dams because they say those dams are destroying kurdish cultral sites . 
  how much does turkey spend to se here is what they collect and spend note : `` gelir '' means collected `` gider '' means spent 2nd table shows which cities spend a lot more than they give except for kars , ardahan and tunceli ( tunceli has huge kurdish population but it also has a huge zaza population ) are all kurdish cities [ table ] ( https://www.google.com.tr/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://www.kto.org.tr/d/file/iller-bazinda-butce-gelir-gider-dengesi--ocak-2014.pdf&amp;ved=0ahukewjg4ktapu_qahxcnbokhz2jalsqfggdmae&amp;usg=afqjcnhpoqbvv8iiaakirgkxgl2x-ptcew ) goverment only collected 46.000 and spent 1.323.000 in hakkari . 
  edit : i made some spelling mistakes and i corrected some ( there might still be mistakes sorry ) . 
  but there is 1 little problem they behade , kill and torture many people in those village and no one can stand against them ( they murdered families in mosul who tried to fight against them ) . many people escape from isis rule those who can not live in fear.yesterday turaf dropped leaflets over al-bab calling for civilians to leave the city.many civilians left and reached to turkish forces while isis fighters who tried to escape were executed by isis.there are millions of videos about it.an armenian family in syria thanked turkish soldiers for saving thm from isis while many arabs thanked kurds for saving them from isis and there are many examples like this from all sides . 
  erdo\u011fan does n't have that much support and half of his voters votes for him because of economy . 
   turkish goverment deliberetly lets kurdish areas to decay . 
  turkey spends a lot of money to many majority kurdish cities in se turkey they also invest a lot to the region . 
  no they were n't they came from the rular regions and were generally less educated than other turks and due to culture shock , xenophobia they faced ( unfortunately some asshole racist ruin a lot things ) and their education most of them did n't interigate good enough.now a lot of them are not exactly turkish or german . 
  you are right but turks converted voluntarily during abbasi era ( after the battle of talas ) before that during umayyad chaliphate turks fought against muslims after arabs captured some lands inhabited by turks they killed and forced turks to became muslim ( this did n't worked only some turks were forcily converted and turks rebelled against them and helped abbasids when they were fighting against umayyads ) . 
  after talas war many turks became muslim and founded many states and those who became muslim forced other turks to convert to islam.seljuk bey was a bey in oghuz yabgu state ( a tengrist turkic state ) but he said `` i wo n't pay tax to infidels '' and rebelled after he founded seljuk state ( a muslim turkic state ) and oghuz yabgu state became a part of that state . 
  during the elections turks from hatay ( who lived in turkey ) went to hatay republic and voted . 
  no they do n't . only some of them carry smgs ( in case of a terror attack ) and they are loyal to goverment like in all nations around the world . 
   `` turkey is getting more secular '' is completely false argument . 
  how did you come to this conclusion ? 
  superplato has better observations , turkey is becoming more and more arabic every day . 
  % 70 of public supports secularism while 79 % of young people supports it but extremism is increasing . 
   and this will lead to end of turkish republic in 50-100 year in my opinion . 
  check ottoman , influenced by arabic culture ( after invasion of egypt and bringing caliphet title to ottoman ) and islam , ottoman empire starting to struggle after 16th century . 
  why would this end turkey?ottomans started to struggle because europeans got stronger and ottomans made huge mistakes ( turning to east was a huge mistake ) . ottomans was always influenced by arabic culture ( many turkmens changed to timur 's side in ankara battle ) like many empires they were destroyed because of the french revolution ( natioanlist movements ) . 
   secular revolution with ataturk was point of return for turkish people , but revolution was n't completed with early death of ataturk , and there was n't 2nd and 3rd generations raised with secular mindset . 
  now we are getting into deep shit year after year . 
  syrians are another nail in the coffin atat\u00fcrk is a great leader and he made turkey secular but secularization and modernization movements is a lot older than him.since tanzimat turkey is getting more secular but atat\u00fcrk really pushed revolutions to public.there are 2nd and 3rd generations raised with secular mind set.why do you think erdo\u011fan twist his words and ca n't critise atat\u00fcrk ? 
  revolution always countinues but no one really pushed for it since atat\u00fcrk which slows it down a lot . 
  turkey is getting more secular ( akp is slowing it down a lot but it is ) but extremism is increasing.turks , kurds and arabs have similarities but turk and kurds in turkey use latin alphabet while arabs use a different one ( and there are many other differences like that ) . 
  it is easier for syrians to interigate in turkey than europe but it is not easy and there are many other problems due to turkey 's location ( turkey has a 900km border with syria while europe do n't ) , lanuage and culture . 
  edit : * turkey, 
  but there is a big difference.many iraqi kurds came to turkey and interigated in to the society because they are similar to turkish kurds but these syrians are different than turkish arabs ( similiar to ones in \u015eanl\u0131urfa but a lot different than ones in hatay ) . it will be harder for them to interigate in to the society . 
  most of them are alewites and their numbers are n't high , all of them knows turkish and they are usually well educated people and they consider themselves turkish ( citizen of turkey ) .
