  they are n't . only some parts of balkan muslims are showed as turks . 
   there were tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of albanians that were deported to turkey these years , not a surprise they and their decendants are several millions now in turkey . 
  5-7 million muslims ( not only turks ) came to anatolia between 18th century-1923 ( the population of turkey was 13 million in 1924 so you can see how large those numbers are.now they accept themselves as turks ) . 
   after their european allies goaded greek troops into pursuing their claims under the [ treaty of s\u00e8vres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_s%c3%a8vres ) , they refused to provide any meaningful assistance . 
  in spite of initial gains , greek forces were eventually routed by turkish forces quickly reorganized by kemal atat\u00fcrk . 
  please stop blaiming allies ( they used greece and greeks which is a bad thing but this does n't mean this is only their fault ) . the greek defeat in anatolia was mostly greece 's fault.france and italy realized this war was pointless and made a deal with turks and retreated , armenians were defeated by turks and soviets while greece tried to advance into anatolia ( even beyond the borders of serves ) . greek forces were stopped in battle of sakarya and their front collapsed in battle of dumlup\u0131nar ( they lost all the land they gained in anatolia in a mounth ) while retreating they damaged and burned turkish villages in the way which made turks even more angrier ( also a huge part of the turkish forces were local militans who fought against greek occupation before beign grouped into an army.they were already angry and those things just made it worse ) . in the end greece realized this war was pointless and both countries increased their relations after the war ended . 
   you managed to hold off the allies so you could genocide all those armenians in peace !, 
  great logic ... 
  yep only people like erdogan and wilders benefit from these things ( very sad ) . 
   this one in my opinion . 
   time to fund camps in a country outside of europe and , from there , we take only actual verifiable refugees . 
  anyone passing to europe illegally and is caught is automatically processed and send there without any chance to appeal . 
   lebanon , n. syria , some parts of libya etc are all good candidates . 
  turkey is already building a safe zone in syria few camps were built in there , damaged infrastructure in towns were repaired ( and are still getting repaired ) , new residential and service buildings were built and they are currently building a city ( north of al-bab in northen aleppo ) that can host 80k people ( the total number of refugees in turkey is 3.5 million so these things are needee ) . 
  lebanon already host many refugees and this is a huge problem there ( their population is very small but they host around 2 millon refugees ) . 
  europe needs to work with all these countries to solve this problem ( they are currently doing this but new solutions are needed to solve it faster ) . 
  it depends.if you are on yes side this is getting better because this might help erdo\u011fan get more votes ( which is the f.cking worst for turkey and europe.i hope this ends soon ) . 
   shall i go on ? 
  so you claim innocent people ( mostly students who took the university exam ) who live outside of combat zones should be targetted also  roboski massacre : turkey admits 35 civilian deaths near kurdish village http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16352388 kurdish civilians was using the roads pkk used while smuggling.taf thought they were pkk militants and bombed them . 
  goverment offered them money but families did n't accept them.i think some people should have been punished but this is n't random bombing . 
   88 civilians killed in al-bab airstrikes ; http://www.rudaw.net/english/middleeast/syria/231220162  turkish airstrikes kill another 20 syrian civilians http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/turkish-airstrikes-kill-at-least-20-civilians-in-syria-a7213731.html this is war civilians die ( about 800 civilians in syria died because of the coaltion airstrikes.isis is known to use civilians as shields so this is n't very suprising ) . 
  also sohr literally said `` sultans ' planes are massacring civilians in tadif ( a syrian town ) '' on their twitter account but turaf was n't bombing tadif when he tweeted that.bombing was done by ruaf . 
   armenian genocide https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide it happened during ottoman rule and this does n't have much to do with this . 
   turkish forces flatten town ( 160 civilians dead ) http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36354742 goverment turned blind eye to pkk stock piling weapons and digging trenches in the cities.after the cease fire collapsed security forces had to clear those areas building by building ( thousands of ieds were removed.the majority of the security forces ' casulities happened because of ieds.they demolished the whole area to rebuild it.security forces 's mistake was the crimes they commited but pkk bringing war to cities ( even the pro-pkk people did n't want pkk to do that ) was the biggest problem ) . 
   un report : turkey guilty of serious abuses in kurdish region http://www.dw.com/en/un-report-turkey-guilty-of-serious-abuses-in-kurdish-region/a-37884637 it would have been better if they excluded the pkk members from local people . 
   record number of journalists jailed in turkey https://www.theguardian.com/media/greenslade/2016/dec/13/turkey-has-81-of-the-worlds-259-jailed-journalists-behind-bars  turkish academics jailed for signing petition https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/03/16/turkey-academics-jailed-signing-petition  human rights abuses http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/turkey-slammed-for-human-rights-abuses-against-kurds-20170310-0006.html turkish goverments made a lot of mistakes and countiue making them but this does n't justify using suicide bombs against civilians.pkk 's actions are hurting kurdish people , not benefiting them . 
  as you said lots of different views.islam is n't single person.dogs are loved and treated good in turkey ( and probably in most majority muslim countries ) . in some sects dogs play and even more important part and sometimes used as titles . 
  source ? 
  ok thanks, 
  how does that work ? 
  ( also thanks for the help ), 
  no.chp voters will vote no in the referandum.chp is trying to get mhp and akp voters to vote no in the referandum.goverment is bluffing to get mhp votes and chp is trying to prevent it . 
  you are right but the main problem is pro-gov media wo n't cover this so it will be forgotten when akp does another 180 . 
  nice troll m8 ( o\u00c7 means son of a b.tch in turkish can mods ban this guy ? ), 
  he is opposition leader not in the goverment.by doing this he will stop erdo\u011fan 's `` chp is against turkey ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 '' bs ( there will be a referandum soon and erdo\u011fan is trying to use it to gain votes by doing this kemal will try to stop him from gaining votes.ofcourse pro-gov media wo n't cover this which makes it harder for chp ) . just recently economy minister said there wo n't be any sanctions ( so akp again talks big to gain more votes.this is really sad because thousands of people will get effected from this ) . 
  this is worse than politics . 
  3 days later they will bring him back silently ( it is really sad that time and money are beigm wasted because of someone wanting more votes ... ) . 
   first of all , source it . 
  i honestly think even they are n't dumb enough to say that , and they really dumb . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( political_party )  secondly i think you coming from turkey do n't understand what condemnation is . 
  very funny ...  that does n't mean that the government is sympathetic to them or does n't condemn them . 
  i never said greek goverment is sympathetic to them . 
  do you expect turkish goverment to apoligese for everything that is on turkish newspapers ? 
  ( turkish goverment does n't accept those islands as turkish ), 
   that must explain why not every citizen was treated equally !, 
  did mahometan turks receive wonderful [ administrative deportations like turkish jews in the 1930s ] ( http://ejts.revues.org/2903 ) ? 
  many turks were killed amd force to leave their homes in rebelliouns.jews in the thrance got attacked by the people who lived there because those people were provked by facists like nihal ats\u0131z.goverments mistake was to act so slowly ( which caused things to get bigger ) . 
  also turkey accepted many jews during and befoee ww2 i also want you to explain that . 
   did they receive a [ pogrom like greeks in 1955 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom ) ? 
  nearly 5k people were detained and it is one of the reasons why adnan menderes was hanged.people were provoked by newspapers ( they wrote about the person who attacked atat\u00fcrk 's house in greece but in reality greece quickly arrested that guy but newspapers did n't mention it ) . 
   [ is that why they repressed the language of turkish citiziens of kurdish origin aggressively ] ( http://www.kurdishacademy.org/?q=node/129 ) it was a big fault which is slowly beign fixed ( very slowly thanks to collapse of cease fire but things are still getting better ) . 
  also similar things or worse happened to turks in ussr , bulgaria , iraq , iran and syria ( similar things also happened to kurds in iran , syria and iraq ) so this is n't exclusive to turkey . 
   if you want try to ply the meme that considering every turkish citizien as a turk was a respectable or progressive policy try doing it on / r/greece , / r/armenia , / r/kurdistan without a turkish vote or comment brigade . 
  please stop crying about down vote brigades . 
   if u read the article , it has statements from cavusoglu . 
  it doesnt seem to me cavusoglu is a random internet turkish guy . 
  i know it has statements from \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu but the headline is n't from \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu 's statement and did n't come from an offical turkish source ( which makes the turkey part of it false ) . 
   also , keep in mind that the leader of the army of turkey , got himself in a trip 200m away from imia and then statements from both greek and turkey officials followed revealing that turkey does have claim over some of the islands , claims that were not there 20-30 years ago . 
  claims are there for longer than 20 years ago . 
   a war with greece wont have a positive outcome for turkey , even if it manages to win eventually , if they dont have support from usa and/or russia and perhaps thats the reason they dont take drastic measures so far . 
  a war with greece wo n't happen.we are in 2017 both turks and greeks know a war will only damage them ( that is why turks are n't preparing for a war with greece but preparing for a war in me ) . this is just akp trying to gain votes . 
   why not ? 
   no doubt the greek government would release a statement if a newspaper based in greece suddenly claims foreign soil . 
   is that too much to ask of the turkish government ? 
  of course it is . 
  greek newspapers used false translations and parties like golden dawn literally claimed istanbul . 
  neither greece or turkey have to condemn this because there are thousands of people like that snd is not their job . 
   someone call almost every political party in turkey , the equivalents of golden dawn , since extremism , racism and ultra-nationalism are really that normalized in turkey this is your 35th time posting this.i actually want to see real sources about this claim ( spoiler it is bs ) . 
   to wit from a rare non-chauvinist turkish academic acording to whom?you ? 
   ( as the most educated in turkey are often some of the most ultra-nationalist ) please give sources for your claims . 
   gives this analysis of the turkish education system , which explains perfectly the specimens we find on r/turkey who are like something out of europe in the 1930 's or earlier 20th century : generalsing people and directly attacking them ( it is even funnier because you have the problems which you claim a group of people have ) . you are clearly obsessed and have a problem . 
   ** [ bianet : turk-soldier-muslim : the ideal student ] ( http://bianet.org/kadin/education/33248-turk-soldier-muslim-the-ideal-student ) ** an article from 2004 ...  the ideal student , according to the education system in turkey , is the student who looks at the world with a nationalist mentality , who defines him or herself as ' a turk ' based on ethnicity , and who is a soldier-student , ready to fight . 
  ... any sources on that?neither turkish law nor turkish education system has something like `` a turk based on ethnicity ''  * the first characteristic of this student will be that he or she will look at the world with a nationalist lens . 
  as stated in the national security knowledge textbook , the ataturk nationalism is the `` only way . '', 
  ... again sources?which text book?which year ? 
  ( also national security knowledge was removed 5 years ago in 2012 ... )  * a good turkish student has an essentialist view of `` identity '' and `` culture '' ; is nationalist and a soldier even if he or she is civilian . 
  in other words , the ideal student is expected to embrace nationalism and militarism , to be suspicious of every kind of difference , to ignore differences between their muslim friends , and to see their non-muslim friends as categorically different moreover , the ideal student believes that turkey is surrounded with enemies , and is `` scared '' of foreigners . '', 
  ... wtf are you talking about ? 
  `` turkey surrounded by enemies `` wtf is that?f.cking atat\u00fcrk himself improved relations with all of turkeys ' neighbors and tried to establish good relations even with the countries who were oppresing turkic people ( also atat\u00fcrk was an atheist so your `` muslim friends '' claims sound even funnier if you think about it ... ), 
  these guys are anti-goverment and are just trying to throw shit at akp to decrease their votes . 
  edit after your edit : ankara mayor is trying to attack atat\u00fcrk and chp by using the same stupid ( and false ) argument and he is n't saying `` these islands do n't belong to greece '' he says `` you ca n't call lausanne treaty a succes because these islands were given to greece '' ( which is not f.cking true.ottomans lost them during balkan wars ) . 
   they 're basically threatening with war ? 
  no they are trying to get votes out of this.these guys just talk to get votes and do opposite of what they say . 
  akp can turn to a communists party if you told them there is a vote potential ( they actually claimed erdo\u011fan is a socialist ) . they will try to milk this as much as they can to get more votes . 
  so daily s\u00f6zc\u00fc ( a newspapers ) = turkish goverment ( which did n't say anything about it ) ... well acording to this logic if a greek user on the internet says `` we will retake constantinople '' that means greek goverment is claiming istanbul, 
  this does n't help.it is actually does the opposite by doing this they are giving them a chance to use this to gain votes . 
   pkk is a terrorist organization but they are the only voice kurds have left . 
  and have you ever wondered why?because pkk destroyed their rivals ( i am not talking about pro-gov kurds.pkk literally destroyed anti-goverment socialist kurdish organizations like themselves to be the only one.turkey made and still makes mistakes but this does n't make pkk good ) . 
   its got even so bad that kurdish children are being kicked out of their schools for speaking kurdish at schools where akp rectors rule . 
  kurdish education is given in a lot of schools.nearly all of those claims of people getting kicked out of schools etc. 
  for speaking kurdish usually turns out to be something that has nothing to do with them speaking kurdish ( ofcourse kurdish not being an offical language is a problem but most of those claims are false or misleading ) . 
  if you are going to vote no then it is worth it, 
  you have to have a turkish citizenship.go to a turkish embassy and vote ( you can learn about when you can vote ) . 
  same guy, 
  yes, 
   they fired all non-islamic academics . 
  professors , assistants . . do you have a source for that?a lot of innocent people got effected by the purges but gulenist are also islamidt . 
   they have about 100-150 universities so academic education , which was already shit , will take a steep downfall from this . 
  turkey has 183 universuties.academic education also got effected but there is n't a downfall  turkey will never recover . 
  it is finished .
