  islamist but western wannabe middle eastern dictatorshit . 
  it will recover . 
  also do you realise turkey is a country not a single person right ? 
  he is talking about this  `` you are criticizing germany . 
  but you are doing worse yourself . 
  there should not be any double standards in politics , '' he said on march 7 , giving an example of bulgarian-turkish politician erdin\u00e7 \u0130smail hayrullah , the leader of the bulgaria-turkey friendship group , who was denied entrance to turkey to make campaign for his party in bulgaria . 
   turks are very quick to propagandize how soon turkey granted women rights such as the right to vote , before many european and western societies , but it does not mean much since most women were n't allowed by their men to vote . 
  such shenanigans happen often in turkey , how ? 
  most turkish women vote and generalisng millions of people is great thing to do ...  in general turks are fanatic and also quite dishonest in their zeal and drive to promote turkey -- especially since the truth does not serve such a cause very well . 
  99 % of your post are about how fake secularist turkey is and how turks are bad but still you are claiming shit like this ffs ... you clearly have a problem . 
   imagine a country where 26 percent of women are married before they are 18 , and where 10 percent of women have their first child before they are 18 years old . 
  imagine a country where 32 percent of women are prevented from attending school . 
  the child marriage in turkey is about 5 % ( and the highest % come from south eastern and central anatolia which is less advanced compared to other parts of the country )  in the 1930 's such crushing patriarchy was even stronger and few women likely ever voted unless their husbands , fathers told them what candidate to vote for . 
  i seriously suspect in 1930 's turkey most women that voted just strengthened the political goals of their male patriarch . 
  do you have any source for that?these problems mostly happen in the rular parts of the country which has problems with these kind of things . 
  we will also built them too, 
  kebab will built * serbians !, 
  nearly all of them were balkan people ( some did n't even speak turkish ) who converted to islam.nearly 5 million people escaped or sent to anatolia between 1700-1918 . do you f.cking think that every single one of them got there by murdering people?ffs stop beign a hypocrite . 
  it was n't hijacked by cup it was hijacked by three pasha coup ( cup was mostly doing fine but three pashas f.cked it ) . the problem is many people does n't know a single thing about ottoman and turkish politics but know things like young turks and grey wolves ( only in the name ) which cause them to end up with things that are very different than reality . 
  what does it have to do with adana massacres?that happened a day after the countercoup attempt ( countercoup created ethnic tensions which resulted in the death of thousands of people.majority of victims was christian with 1/5 beign muslim ) . dozends of people were put to trial and executed because of their part in the massacre . 
  he was turkish-syrian relations were at its peak in 2010 just before the war started.now he is again trying to slowly improve relations but it wo n't stop militants from fighting against assad . 
  turkmen are a minority group in syria and iraq ( they are basically turks ) . turkmens syria were oppresed and many got assimilated.when the rebellion started many turkmens joined to rebellion and formed their own groups but as the war proggresed rebels stopped advancing and started retreating.a lot of places turkmens lived was captured by isis and regime so thousands of them escaped to turkey . 
  many turkmens are part of the rebellion so it would n't be suprising if they shot a plane down but they did n't do it.a group is just claiming it to gain more support . 
  it is a syrian plane and ahrar al-sham said we shot the plane with 23mm which caused it to crash ( also a turkmen group in syria claimed it ) . 
  i am sharing this because this effects the general turkish-syrian relations and similar incidents are on this sub ( russian jet or turkish jets beign attacked ) . 
  [ u wot m8 ? 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrwudjaxlqgsj5_8yf5ow4d6oxt3psijcwpa5y7ukma-e2jjccsya ), 
  turkish diaspora in us and most of the in arabic countries are ok while the one in europe is n't that good but still saying 80 % of turkish diaspora agrees with grey wolves ( he also does n't really know what it means.the term grey wolf ia a lot different than qhat foreigners think ) is a huge exterigation.mhp got 11 % in last elections ( idea houses which are known as grey wolves in europe are connected to these sides but this does n't mean every grey wolf or similar people are part of mhp.the guy who killed russian pilot was reported as a grey wolf but he is n't part of mhp.he was part of bbp 's alperen houses and has nothing to do with mhp or idea houses ) . 
  turkey uses leo2a4s and m60t in syria ( their new tank will be in serial production this year and leo s will be upgaraded to leongs ) . 
  no turkish soldiers died in attacks against leos only wounded . 
   i would say easily 60-80 % of turkish youth agree with grey wolves ideology , they basically replaced islamism with ottomanism . 
  bunch of ultra-nationalist genocide deniers with grandeur visions of conquering europe and middle east . 
  they are a threat , now and moreso in the future . 
  which turkish youth the one in austria or the one in turkey ? 
  i never said we are the same ( some other guy claimed it ) but we have one important thing.in turkey only state controlls the religion which takes nearlu all the powers from the church . 
  yes.most europeans currently dislike turkey because of erdo\u011fan.if a more liber president takes control western media will praise him like they did with erdo\u011fan until 2013 and more people will like turkey ( ofcourse a lot of damage was done ) . 
  ** turkey ** * turkish backed free syrian army has captured al-bab city ( the last major isis town in northen aleppo ) and areas near them and in 3 days secured an area that had 100k pre-war population ( they captured all o these from isis ) * someone attacked m\u00fcjdat gezen 's school.attacker was caught and he was arrested ( gezeb is a leftist artist.he thanked to president and commander in chief during his speech but when everyone thought he was talking about erdo\u011fan he said thanks `` ahmet sezer for giving me this centre '' ( the last kemalist president ) and trolled erdo\u011fan lol ) . 
  * minister said there are currently 3.5 milliom refugees in turkey . 
  13 % of turkish public wants sharia law ( and the number of those who wants it are dropping every day ) and 6 % of it does n't want it tl be forced against non-muslims ( most of them also say sauidi arabian and iranian ones are false ) . 
  north korea is a bad example.this is different than those and mostly timely than a long running one ( i ca n't think of a good example like this sorry ) . 
  not that much.mhp is right but not that far right like everyone thinks they are ( there were new candidates which were more liberal but coup happened and inner party elections in mhp were forgotten ) . they are mostly secular nationalist but have some racist in them ( the leader of the party became erdo\u011fan 's cuck lately ) . 
  hdp is mostly kurdish party and they are leftist while chp is social democract and kemalist and patriotic ( they have nationalist pms but they also have anti-nationalist pms think them as a large coaltion of proggresive left wing people ) . 
  edit : mhp is a nationalist party.they are mostly secular and hate their leader but keep voting for him because the electroal dam is 10 % in turkey . 
  they had problems in the past but most of them are now gone . 
  bbp left these party ( which is islamist nationalist ) and founded their own party.those guys are far more extereme.those guys sent fighters in syria to fight with turkmens and one of their fighters killed those russian pilots ( most people called him a grey wolf but in turkey it is very different than what westerners think.grey wolves exist but they are just a nationalist group that is part of mhp ( direct translation idea houses ) some people from those peoplen in houses were given training and fought in conflicts in turkic countries as volunteers but mhp stopped sending people and now most of the time people call turkish nationalist grey wolves ) he is now arrested . 
  turkey wo n't invade greece.this is erdo\u011fan creating an enemy to gain support but the thing is i am seeing same things again and again on this sub `` turkey not europe '' , `` genocider turks '' or comments abut genocide in unrelated topics this has nothing to do with any of those ( that title is also misleading on purpouse ) . 
  he said turkey 's and greece 's capibilities are same which is not true as you see . 
  this does mean a lot actually.turkey wo n't invade greece and if they try it would be too costly and after they invade it ( i am not even including the global reaction ) it would be impossible to hold it ( that is what happened in afghanistan.soviets was n't able to afford a fight with mujahideen so they retreated but afghanistan was crippled ) . 
  i am just angry because some people get very delusional sometimes and claim stupid things . 
  chp 25,32 % mhp 11,90 % hdp 10,76 % ( these numbers were actually higher but the conflict with pkk restarted and these 3 parties failed to from a coaltion so akp nearly gained 10 % votes and increased to 49,5 % from 41 % ) . 
   are n't your tanks being opened up like tomato cans in syria ? 
  nope they are not.most crews make it out alive and return to fight against isis ( also forces they backed captured 2025km ^ 2 land from isis ) . 
  one important thing is those tanks does n't have new systems.turkey plans to uprgade them soon and they will start serial production of their new tank this year . 
   also looking at the map - bulgaria can blow up their dams and create huge problems in the european part of turkey for a while . 
  i think you forgot to include taf in that.let 's say they some how they became crazy ( it will kill many people ) and managed to destroy ( it is n't easy to destroy a dams and turks will shot down any jet ) those dams taf can do more damage which is worse for bulgaria ( also more turks will be pissed and angry which will result in more recruits and more angry turks ), 
  erdo\u011fan and akp needs and enemy for a time and they are creating one.i do n't know what he meant by europe 's spoiled child ( greece or the minister but he did n't say the things in the title that are in quaotes.that is actually why i translated it people change things and share it for yellow journalism ) . 
  imma is important because when greece got these islands when turkey and greece pretty much had the same power ( most of those islands were ethnic greek and turkey did n't had power to defend them ) but now turkey is a lot bigger than greece and wants some things but a war wo n't start because of this and as i said erdo\u011fan is just creating an enemy to gain votes . 
  most of turkey 's trade military and politic activities are with europeans while an overwhelming majority of public is secular.and a lot of people ( which are the largest group in the % of the turkish public ) see turkey as part of the europe . 
  turkey is n't as european as others but nato is n't the only western trait . 
  yes they do actually recent studies show that the largest group of turks wants turkey to gey closer to europe and wants it to be part of it . 
  which one lol ( they even made him socialist ) . 
  and what does it have to do with it ? 
  they are n't going to stay there forever though.even today they still need nato and part of the west . 
  edit : the last guy who tried to change it got executed after a coup while other got sanctioned and lost elections, 
  well matched really?turkey has 8 times more population ,4 times larger military spending ,4 times larger army and turkish army is considered to be the 8-10th strongest army in the list while hellenic armed forces is 25th-28th . 
  edit : numbers haf ( hellenic armed forces ) : active personel : 134k available for military service : 2,535,174 males 2,517,273 females fit for military service : 2,084,469 males 2,065,956 females budget :4 billion dollars ( 2,33 of gdp ) taf ( turkish armed forces ) : active personel :639 k ( 378k reserves ) available for military service : 21,079,077 males 20,558,696 females fit for military service : 17,664,510 males 17,340,816 females budget :18,2 billion dollars ( % 2,22 of gdp ) [ globalfirepowerindex ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp ) taf 8th haf 28th, 
  wtf is that have to do with it ? 
  erdo\u011fan acting stupid and turkey getting more neutral does n't mean turkey left the west.turkey is still and will stay part of the west, 
  bizim de sabr\u0131m\u0131z\u0131 zorlamas\u0131nlar `` how long can we take this.you were forced to take him to coaltion ( reffering to greek goverment ) . you should mind him.my patience has a limit our patiance has a limit.ok we are showing maturity i do n't want to tell things that are between us.actually current ( greek goverment ) is not happy with this spoiled child ( greek minister ) . europe 's spoiled child , coaltion 's spoiled child what is this?we have important things to do.we ca n't take care of spoileds.we had wars in out history ( greek turkish wars ) but in recent years our relations got a lot better.actually greece should n't let a spoiled child damage this.it is not our job to take care of spoiled kids.they know what turkish army will do if it is needed . 
  espically goverment knows.they should tell that spoiled child our patience have a limit . '', 
  edit : tell me if you see some mistakes so i can correct them, 
  balkan wars happened more than 100 years ago.these are just akp trying to distract people to gain more votes ( presidental referandum will happen soon ) . they are n't going to attack greece or any other country but they will use these things.they are already moving most of their army to syrian border . 
   i do n't get how can we still have our troops and nukes in this uncivilised country ... because turkey is n't only erdo\u011fan and akp and is part of the west for a long time and it will countiue to be . global sides do n't change in a year . 
  akp members attacking people to gain nationalistic votes for referandum ... f.cking c.nts is doing everything to create an enemy for presidental referandum . 
  edit : i translated what he said in the comments ( as much as i hate akp i also hate the fact that these papers falsely use quoutes and change people 's speeches ) . he is saying this because `` yes '' front ( which erdo\u011fan and akp supports ) in the referadum is n't doing well and they are trying to change it . 
  yep that is what i tried to say.no country in europe can come cross to prodcution of usa which makes the variety a disadvantage . 
  it is an advantage and a disadvantage at the same.europe is filled with many countries and a lot of them devolop their own system.variety is a good thing but this graph does n't mean anything ( europe is still far from united on economic scale while they are a lot less united when it comes to military ) . 
  for example they can produce 100 units of same fighter jet and train all their pilots for them which will make them better instead of producing 50 total units of 2 different fighter jets ( which also makes supplying parts harder ) . ofcourse it has an important downside if that plane has a weak spot it means you have a huge disadvantage and have to modernize all of those jets which will cost billions . 
  turkish production in 2015 was 1,358,796 ( it puts turkey in the 5th place in the europe ) produced vehicles are renault , wolksvagen , toyota , mercedes , otokar ( turkish company that makes military vehicles ) , hyundai , bmc , man , isuzu , karsan , fiat , honda and temsa vehicles . 
  paying for bisexual orgies ? 
   that `` expected '' number will eventually increase . 
  most of syrian refugees in turkey will never return , especially the ones who are already living and working in cities and not camps ( around 80 % of refugees ) . 
  many syrian refugees wo n't return but that 80 % is hugely misleading.a huge part of them live in border cities and work in shitty jobs so it is n't worth it . 
   and erdo\u011fan can get away with it if he plays his cards right . 
  remind yourself this comment in when the time for next election comes . 
  no he ca n't he is already using `` we will send syrians back '' to his own voters and to europe.this is n't normal erdo\u011fan game where he can fool everybody ans get away.when he tried something similar to that he lost and conflict restared and regained his votes.he ca n't do something similar to that to the world and to his voters when it comes to refugees.that safezone is one ofnthe reasons why they entered syria and some european leaders already started supporting him just to send refugees back . 
  he ca n't and wo n't send all of them but many of them will return when they setup a safezone and when this war ends.turkey needs that safezone in syrian and is pushing for it since 2015 ( refugees cost 0,5 billion dollars mounthly which is a lot and most of them never interigate into society.erdo\u011fan is n't settling them in western cities because he ca n't most of them go there because those are big cities and many of them have relatives there ) even today they are building camps in the area and many refugees returned to syria.they will probably attack to sdf or start sending refugees back to gain more votes in referandum . 
   it will continue increasing because erdo\u011fan needs more voters to hand out citizenships it might increase because there are clashes in huge cities in syria and iraq . 
   europe will be throwing money at us to persuade us to ruin our demographics so they wo n't have to . 
  europe is n't throwing money at us ( that amount is n't that much ) . 
   win-win for erdo\u011fan , lose-lose for citizens of turkey . 
  the government is already placing syrian refugees on liberal secularist aegean provinces to bring those places closer to islamist-conservative ideology . 
  ideological cleansing is underway . 
  wtf?really?dude this claim is hugely exterigated and i hate the goverment . 
  goverment is n't sending syrian refugees somewhere themselves go to those regions ( and compared to those in border towns those numbers are nothing ) . even the expected number of possible syrians that can get turkish citizenship is around 300k . 
  turkey is building a safezone in northen aleppo and yesterday they captured the last major isis stronghold in northen aleppo ( 1 city and 2 towns were captured yesterday their combined total pre-war population is 90k ) . many refugees already returned to the captured areas and some towns already passed their pre-war population .80 % of turkish people and a lot of syrians wants syrians to return.every day they are sending dozends of trucks filled with food and building materials to rebuild the areas they captured.an important part of the refugees will return to that area or camps in that area ( that is one of the reasons why they entered to syria.even erdo\u011fan ca n't get away with that ) . 
  so both ca n't be done at the same time?i live in turkey and have problems with the bad things goverment did and doing and i fight against it so you think this means that i ca n't defend turkey even if someone claims something that is n't true ? 
   i thought turks at reddit were liberal and secular , most are  but then i went to the turkish subreddit and the comments there with full of people dehumanizing the student by labeling him a `` a listener to pkk music '' . 
  this is n't about him.some students also got into these kind of situations and people accused turkey of racism but it turns out they were actually listening to pkk propaganda music that was prasing \u00d6calan ( and this is n't limited to this.some pro-pkk newspapers does similar propaganda every week.recently anf claimed turkey was using turkic soldiers in the conflict with pkk but the total number of turkish security forces is 1 million while those central asian turks ( who mostly came to turkey after the collapse of ussr and they are turkish citizens ) probably make less than 0,5 % of it . ), 
  i do n't know what really happened but he might be innocent ( and they should act like he is innocent until proven guilty.even the court said they were n't doing pkk propaganda so he is probably innocent ) .
