  he waged a war against pkk ( and during peace process he let pkk stock pile weapons in to the citites.so when deal collapsed turkey paid for his actions ) to regain the votes he lost to hdp and he worked closely with pkk ( a terrorist group but no one will punish him for that ) during his presidency.a huge part of kurds are conservative and they still support him . 
   this has already led to kurdish-turkish clashes in syria . 
  ypg part of sdf said they returned to east of euphrates.so it is arab groups of sdf . 
  ( i love how people write an article about a subject but do n't bother to use true information ), 
   which is sort of like our treatment of kurds . 
  it 's a full circle  * which is sort of like our treatment of kurds during 90s . probably even worse because they are muslim while chinese are not . 
  some times there is a long distance between a person 's house and bus stop.it is n't that safe for someone to walk a long distance in an empty street after 22.00-22 .30 . 
  i think he wants russia style dictatorship . 
  well there is n't another party for them media pumps chp is pkk and anti-religous shit and mhp is the only nationalist party that can get above % 10 . many of them are not happy wigh bah\u00e7eli bur bah\u00e7eli is using coup attempt as an excuse to stay in power . 
  the ban was n't there for a religous purpose.it was part of population planning so when it outlived its purpose it was slowly lifted.in 60s goverment was much more secular and knew that ban outlived its purpose so it is possible that things like that happened . 
   where does turkey only get 3 percent islamist ? 
  last time i checked akp islamist party got around 50 percent of the votes 70,6 % of people wants secular turkey and only 35 % akp supportere are against it . 
  erdo\u011fan is n't as secular as he must be but when an akp mp said laicsm should n't be in new constutions everyone including akp members disagreed with him and he had to say sorry.erdo\u011fan said secularism important in eygpt and after failed coup . 
   also , the fact that you have to use mental gymnastics to prove he 's secular is enough to disqualify him as secular . 
  he is not as secular as he should be but you are potraying him like khomeini.he is less islamist then erbakan more islamist then demirel . 
   both akp supporters and anti akp know akp is islamist . 
  only one who deny it are ultras who are in some type of inner war with themselves as they refuse to believe akp is anything else than regression . 
  they know akp is conservative but this does n't mean they want sharia and majority of their supporters want it . 
   you are the type of person that , would erdogan introduce sharia , you would say `` no he didnt say that , he just said it for interna consumption he would never say that its just a metaphor '' i live in turkey and i am turkish.i am leftist my parents were leftist and their parents were leftist.we have been dealing with people like tayyip.we knoe how they are and what they do.erdo\u011fan is islamist but only % 13 wants sharia.he is so popular because of his economic succes and moronic things done by kemalist during 28 febuary era . 
  you are claiming that krg is 85 % secular because islamist get 17 % . in turkey \u0130slamist parties get 3 % does it mean turkey is 97 % secular ? 
  they want new generation to be loyal to them it is discusting and it will not work.durin late 90s soldiers forced goverment to resign and closed down imam hatips.after that many people supported akp because they were the victim now it is opposite.child rapist are not pardoned , muslims discovered america was erdo\u011fan saying moronic things for internal purposes ( he said it was on piri reis 's map.it was but he used other maps to draw that but erdo\u011fan does n't know that ) , mosul is an important majority sunni city.he does n't want shiites to have control over it because it would mean greater iran infulance over iraq.if sunnis control it turkey will have more infulance, 
  yes it is.being conservative does ' t mean not being secular . 
  akp and hdp are secular but % 30 against secularism . 
  not voting for islamist party is not as same as being secular . 
  for turkey it was banned in 1926 to increase population but ban was slowly lifted between 1960-1983 and in 1983 it became legal . 
  ** turkey ** - people are outraged because akp proposed a bill that would allow sex offenders to dodge prison charges if victim accepts to marry with offender . 
  -50 refugees set a refugee deportation center on fire and then escaped . 
  [ s ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/11/turkey-refugees-set-deportation-centre-fire-escape-161119132328577.html ) - hdp and chp organized a protest in istanbul but chp said it wo n't join to it because there were party flags despite chp 's request . 
  [ s ] ( http://odatv.com/chpden-mitinge-katilmiyoruz-karari-2011161200_m.html ) - a turkish soldier martied because of an isis attack near al-bab . 
  - turkish lira fell historic low against usa dollar . 
  [ s ] ( http://mobil.hurriyet.com.tr/dolar-3-3848-ile-tarihi-zirveyi-gordu-40281211 ) - now women in istanbul can get off between bus stops after 22.00 . 
  [ s ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-says-it-is-in-talks-with-russia-on-air-defense-system.aspx?pageid=517&amp;nid=106276&amp;newscatid=345 ) -2 ypg czech millitants were arrested while trying to enter turkey . 
  [ s ] ( http://www.dailysabah.com/war-on-terror/2016/11/17/turkish-security-forces-arrest-czech-ypg-terrorists-trying-to-enter-turkey-illegally ) - mardin 's and siirt 's mayors were purged van 's mayor was arrested [ s ] ( http://mobil.hurriyet.com.tr/van-buyuksehir-belediyesine-operasyon-40280041 ) - parliament approved the creation of two new universities in istanbul . 
  [ s ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/two-new-universities-to-open-in-istanbul.aspx?pageid=517&amp;nid=106230&amp;newscatid=341 ) - a mine in siirt collapsed 16 miners got buried under it . 
  [ s ] ( http://m.t24.com.tr/haber/silvanda-cogu-yonetici-74-akpli-istifa-etti-ilce-baskani-pkk-destekcisi-ve-dolandirici,371242 ) - researched uncovered lycian roads in antalya monument . 
  [ s ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/research-uncovers-lycian-roads-in-antalya-monument-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=106144&amp;newscatid=375 ) edit : typo . 
  hmm when chp tries to get right wing voters people like him fuck it up.thanks to this we will see 1 billion articles from pro gov newspapers about how chp is evil and supports pkk and some people will belive it . 
  majortiy of turkey 's culture is central asian and the most importantly turkey 's language is turkic.numbers of turkmen which came from oghuz yabgu and seljuk state is nearly as same as local population ( turkmens from those areas were mixed with persians too so you got ta add that ) . anatolia was bridge between civilizations and so saying they celebrate their conquest is wrong because many states captured those terretories and changed their culture.turks was the last one to do that and they did it very well . 
  when turkey abolished caliphate there were 3 claimed to caliphs around the world and during ww1 arabs made agrement with british and fought against ottomans even after ottoman empire declared jihad . 
  chaliphate was abolished 1924 and mehmed vi 's cousin was chaliphate before it was abolished.and you are right altough we do n't have any control over majority of sunni world ( and we did n't when it was abolished ) we still have a huge control over our own muslim popilation thanks to diyanet and we are one of the most secular muslim country in the world . 
  note : thanks to diyanet turkish muslims abroad are less radical to . 
  i disagree about fez but it is a shame that we do n't wear [ kalpak ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcsxcxjjrkxavv5jx7kuuxv3dhg4qyetwcjfilgy3_zdj9zj-5zg ) anymore . 
  ( during ottoman era officers in the army wore kalpak ), 
  i took this from facebook @turkishichistory page.if you are looking for pictures about turkish and turkic history i suggest you to check that page . 
  who determens true muslims?groups like isis call them selves muslims wahabist call them selves muslims , sunnis , shias all call themselves muslims it is not our job to judge them.nearly all of those groups violate muhammed 's teachings and quran and have different opions about what is what . 
  many muslims do n't want sharia.no one can judge who is muslim or not because it is between that person and god.some belifes in islam say x is not true muslim but for them only they are trur muslims . 
  i took this from facebook @turkishichistory page.if you are looking for pictures about turkish and turkic history i suggest you to check that page . 
  trying to rule people while using religion is very easy.these schools taught people many things and wanted to educate them but people like mendere did n't want it to happen.menderes and people like him damaged turkey a lot.he and some other land lords blocked land reform , tried to send army to schools , provoked people against turkish greeks and tried to make turkey an american puppet ( and when he tried to move closer to ussr same americans who supported him took him down . ), 
  jordan `` yes it 's jordan '' :(, 
  atat\u00fcrk tried something called villiage instutes to educate rular population and it worked for example aziz sancar ( he won a nobel price in chemistry ) went to one those and a lot of people who went to those schools say it benefited them a lot but when menderes took power he said these schools were communist and were promoting ussr and shut them down ( thanks to people like him religous leaders gained more popularity ), 
  it is not about poverty but about interventions and no one realy tried to make turkey more secular since ataturk ( you have to force some reforms to mkae society more secular but useing religion is a lot easier ) . 
  only % 13 people want sharia ( and half of them does n't want it to be forced against other beliefs and many of them belive iran 's or sauidi model is wrong ) . islam affected turkey 's society but saying islam does n't have laicsm is wrong nearly all countries are affected by religion.some majorty christian nations tried to ban abortion ( like poland ) but when erdo\u011fan commented about it to distract public many people outraged.islamic traditions and old turkic traditions affects todays society 's right or wrong is based on those traditions but not all of them are same as other islamic countries.early turkey was very conservative but thanks to mustafa kemals reforms now it is a lof better.even the conservative part is a lot less conservative than years ago.so turkey is different than many european countries but potraying it like iran is not right . 
  note : freedom of speech , pluralism , gender roles are not that different from europe and the differences comes from eastern culture ( for us state is a lot important and we put it above personal freedoms ) . 
  you should start thanking to usa and their allies than . 
  isis was a rebel group until 2014 and turkey did n't want to fight against them because they were fighting against sdf but things changed in 2015 and turkey started to bomb them in air raids.in 2016 sf entered jarablus with fsa rebels and captured to town as part of the es operation.now es forces are near al-bab ( the last major isis controlled city in northen aleppo ) and probably going to capture it soon.many millitans from all sides used turkish border from isis to sdf many groups smuggled thousands of goods from the border.for al nusra turkey supported it and probably wants to support it because they are strong and fighting against assad but they ca n't and wo n't because usa stopped supporting them and they damaging the term `` modorate rebel '' . 
  stalin displaced thousands of people some returned when khrushchev let them but unfortunately some were never able to get back to their homes . 
  in 1973 us sanctioned turkey and increased santions after operation attila ( invasion of cyprus ) . ecevit lost support but people 's opions about america changed a lot ( now nearly every group from sharia supporters to kemalist thinks negative about usa ) . menderes 's goverment stopped supporting local millitary products and bought them from usa in 50s but with sanctions turkey was forced to devolop her own arms industry and tried to replace us products with local ones ( now we can produce tanks , apcs , drones , training planes and we are planning to produce a fighterjet ) . in short term it is effective but in long term it wo n't benefit eu . 
  hmmm pro pkk yeah right . 
  http://m.dunya.com/gundem/039039hdp039nin-039pkk-teror-orgutudur039-demesi-haberi-311553 http://m.t24.com.tr/yazarlar/hasan-cemal/kilicdarogluna-suikast-girisimi,15310 http://m.ortadogugazetesi.net/haber.php?id=54725?id=54725 he does n't want akp to use pkk as an excuse to grab more power . 
   turks man . 
  cause fuck logic . 
  the gendarmerie was n't under the control of the goverment a fucking year ago.turkish gendarmerie has very fundemantal differenences from a paramilitary force and you see them if you search for it . 
   the turkish gendarmerie is a paramilitary rural police force operating in most of turkey with its primary goal of killing pkk people . 
  the turkish gendarmerie 's main duty is to provide security in many areas of the country.gendarmerie was n't under goverment control until 2016 and is better trained , armed than most militaries in the region so calling them a paramilitary force would be a mistake.security guards which are part of gendermerie can be considered as paramilitary but turkish gendarmerie itself is n't really paramilitary group . 
   so who is going to ensure that these people get a fair trail ? 
  we know that turkish justice system is fully under the control of akp government . 
  i do n't know if soldiers are going to get punished but armed forces recently arrested some soldiers due to similar stuff so if they really did that and people have evidence they will get a punishment but do n't know if it would be harsh enough . 
   the turkish government 's onslaught on kurdish towns and neighbourhoods , which includes round-the-clock curfews and cuts to services , is putting the lives of up to 200,000 people at risk and amounts to collective punishment , amnesty international said today . 
  i think you are talking about the clashes with pkk that happened after the collapse of cease fire.during the clashes curfews were set but the reason of that was security forces trying to clear pkk 's ieds ( thousands of ieds and barricades were removed.about 800 security forces died mainly because of ieds ) and trying to kill/capture pkk militants in the towns ( many people were evecuated but many also stayed.the clashes destroyed huge parts of some areas but it would n't be fair to only blame taf for that ) . 
   ( istanbul ) -- the turkish government has jailed 13 members of the pro-kurdish democratic opposition in parliament on terrorism charges and taken direct control of 82 municipalities in the kurdish southeast region , suspending and incarcerating elected mayors , human rights watch said today . 
  the crackdown on democratically elected officials not only violates their rights to political association and participation , and freedom of expression , but also interferes with the rights of constituents who voted for them and whom they serve in office . 
   and do n't come telling me that kurdish people are only jailed for supporting pkk . 
  ofcourse not.innocent people get blamed for supporting pkk due to erdo\u011fan 's power but this does n't mean every hdp member who got arrested is innocent ( pkk used muncipilaty vehicles as sucide bombs and some hdp members openly supported pkk.not every hdp members is guilty but some of are ) . 
  yeah.also i think turkey would be too indipendent for eu ( due to turkish policies ) . best option for both eu and turkey would be eu helping turkey and advising turkey for reforms and turkey being a special partner for eu . 
   i for one never look at peoples history before upvoting and downvoting but to each their own i guess . 
  i do n't look at people 's history if it is a comment but if it is a post and i have seen the guy sharing similar stuff i take a look.it is n't always about people i disagree.i also do it to people who talk in spesific field to get more info about that field ( i check history of few foreginers living in turkey to get more idea about how it is and also check the history of some guys who post about defence industry stuff ) . 
   they 're called ak trolls ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ak_trolls aktrolls are used for pro-akp guys but there are n't much akp supporters on reddit but some of them sometimes use bots ( which might cause something like that.i saw them do it few times on r/turkey but comments that got downvoted gets upvoted due to that and it does n't effect the commentor in the long run ) but it seems like the source and your posts history is the reason why many people downvoted you so it does n't really seem like trolls/bots, 
  offical statement says 1 police got killed and police went the area where the fire came to arrest people but suspects resisted and police used force to arrest them.also the people who got arrested claimed that they got abused and made an offical complaint.the legal process is going on and it says that if a police officer did abuse someone he will get punished . 
  kurdish people also die in those bombings making stuff like that would n't help anyone but would damage people . 
  he is a good populist ( so worst type of politician ) and managed to catch diaspora turks ( the ones in europe.the ones in arab countries and in us usually vote for chp ) . 
  that is not very correct.\u015eanl\u0131urfa is 50 % kurdish and 50 % arab-turkmen ( turkish ) ( the number might change 5 % but it is like this ) but city is very conservative and many people care more about islam than their ethnic background . 
   israel.although that 's not to understate turkey 's importance . 
  it 's why the situation with erdogan is so hard to maneuver . 
  israel is an important country but nearly every single country in the region hates it and it also has a smaller gdp , population than turkey.turkey on the other hand has ok/good relations with pretty much every country in the region and even if she do n't she still influences them and their politics and countries in the region work with turkey ( i am not saying that israel is unimportant or us has to say ok to everything turkey says even if its stupid.turkey sometimes acts very stupid and us is right to get angry ) . erdo\u011fan is acting like an idiot 90 % of the time and some of his actions are damaging both turkey and usa but not everything he does/say is stupid and he has pretty good exuses about why turkey is buying russian systems . 
   like the classless , traitorous publishing of the positions of us forces in iraq , for instance . 
  - syria not iraq . 
  - same documents were on the internet already ( there were many of articles about it including some from american sites.aa sharing it was a stupid mistake but it is not leaking anything since it is known.the news was also deleted after american goverment reacted ) - atm us is supporting a group that is on turkish border and has connections with pkk which is fighting against turkey and doing terror attacks.nearly every single american campaing in the region gave pkk more opportunity ( they buy tons of western made weapons from syrian and iraqi black markets ) and damaged turkey . 
  - us blocked/delayed many arms sales ( sometimes after the terms were agreed and deal was singed ) , refused to give us some weapons , sanctioned us which is actually why we are devoloping our own aa systems ( we are also cooparating with italy and france for some of these technologies ) and buying russian systems . 
  us actions are damaging turkey more than turkey 's actions damage us so acting like only turkey is wrong ( this does n't mean turkey is 100 % right ) does n't make much sense . 
   us should take all of its assets off turkish territory and onto romania.membership of nato means jack squat if you 're a lunatic with dictatorial wet dreams . 
  and gave up her strongest ally and most important bases in mena right ? 
  edit : typo, 
   why does this sub have such a big problem with erdogan while always upvoting neo-crusader garbage ? 
  easy.when there is a news which makes people angry they act without doing much thinking and upvote stuff like that ( it is kinda understandable.as for people hating erdo\u011fan it is a different story.erdo\u011fan is disliked by many people because of his policies and the way he acts ) . 
  we are already devoloping our own missile defence systems ( hisar-a and hisar-o . hisar-a will enter service in few years while hisar-o will enter service in 2020-2021 ) and just singed a deal to cooparate with italy and france for missle defence systems ( work already started ) . 
  devoloping missle defence system does n't happen in 1-2 years.it takes at least 9-10 years and billions of dollars so it is not easy . 
  edit : typo, 
  turkish authorities officaly denided this . 
  gaddafi 's gifts and support really helped turkey during the operation and during the sanctions . 
   so you 're saying that turks are n't very bright people ?
