  also there wo n't be an aegean war . 
  i do n't know much about that but turkish military highschools were like this ; - military highschools are different ( not inside or part of other highschools etc. ), 
  and are officaly military zones . 
  - in military highschools students get normal lessons and some military lessons.after finishing the schools students can ( directly ) join to military academies to be an officer or can join other military schools to be a petty officer . 
  - everything in the schools is paid by the state and students get money from the state but if student is kicked out or leaves ( excluding the health conditions etc. ), 
  then state litterally wants everything it gave to student back as a punishment and that person will get a huge bill to pay . 
  - students get education and live in the school and is allowed to leave at weekends and on holidays and in summer.if your family is in the same city and close to schools you can go and stay with them for weekends and return at sunday.if they do n't live close than you can go and stay with them during holidays . 
  for turkish people military and military education is very important and military highschools are respected.getting in those schools is very hard and a lot of people want it ( most people can also understand what is what after 13 yo and there is no brainwashing.nearly all high ranking kemalist soldiers opposed the 15th july coup and order soldiers to return to their barracs.some even called the tv stations to say it and most of them are people who got education in those highschools ) . 
  things were doing ok but erdo\u011fan let g\u00fclen increase his influence in those schools so he brought some students and kicked others.i understand what you mean ( some people and some who finished those schools also do n't think it is a good idea ) but its pros are more than its cons . 
  edit : typo, 
  military highschools accept students at the age of 13-14 and they graduate at the age of 17-18 ( like normal highschools people go before universities ) . military academies accept students at the age of 17-18 and give military training to them ( it is like other military academies ) then those students graduate and join to armed forces . 
   so what does '' purged '' mean in this context ? 
  were the students simply sent home , or locked up ? 
  majority of them did n't have any connection with gulen so they were sent home while those who had connections with gulen were arrrested or kicked out.there is a public and military demand to reopen military highschools but for now nothing is happening and students who were getting education in military highschools were sent to normal highschools  also does that mean that turkey currently has no officer school ? 
  all other military schools ( military academies + comando and special forces schools ) and training centres are open and are training soldiers/officers only military highschools were closed down . 
  sorry it took sometime to write it and i had to do a search for another number . 
   for turkey , the key aspect of any deal is transfer of technology or know how . 
  the russian agreement to allow two of the s-400 batteries to be produced in turkey will serve that aim the most important part is this.this will help turkey a lot in her own hisar program . 
   no they did n't . 
  kurds voted for [ hdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peoples%27_democratic_party_ ( turkey ) ) . 
  presidential and parlimentary elections were different back than ( there were no parties in the presidential one ) . erdo\u011fan got about 30-40 % ( for example 33 % of diyarbak\u0131r voted for erdo\u011fan in 2014th presidential election ) of kurdish votes in the east ( half of the turkish kurds live in western turkey while other half lives in eastern turkey ) and even more kurds voted yes ( which is what akp and erdo\u011fan wanted while hdp opposed ) in the 16th april referandum . 
   that did n't stop turkey from banning them though and sending [ their leader to prison ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/jailed-hdp-co-chair-demirtas-does-not-attend-hearing-after-refusing-to-be-handcuffed-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=115246&amp;newscatid=338 ) . 
  they were sent to prison for pro-kck propaganda.i do n't agree with the decision and think it should have been lighter but they commited a crime ( erdo\u011fan also commited the same crime.he should also get punished ) . also hdp 's illegal actions are n't limited to that.pkk used hdp municipality vehicles as suicide bombs , hdp members carried weapons and militants in their vehicles etc. 
  edit : forgot to add a thing, 
   you are an idiot kurd or a european please do n't attack people.it will get you banned . 
   who think kurds are democratic and modern . 
   there are democratic and modern kurds there are conservative and backwards kurds ( like all ethnic groups ) . 
  calling all kurds democratic and modern or conservative and backwards is not true.kurds are n't the most democratic and modern ethnic group in turkey but calling kurds backwards does n't make sense and is offensive . 
   p.s. 
  child marriage is kurdish tradition . 
  just saying . 
  i am not sure about that . 
  nearly all of agean stuff is done to distract public and as history shows it is a good way of doing it but i do n't think this has to do anything with that.a crazy captain is more likely . 
   uniting the nation by bullying others and creating national unity is a well-known concept . 
  the captain has history of doing these things.him being a lone wolf is more likely . 
  most of the stuff in agean is done to distract public but this does n't seem like it . 
  what?there was ethnic tensions and attacks against turks in the island since 1960s . 
  edit : typo, 
   turkish dersim kurds genocide ; 50.000-80 .000 first of all it was a massacre caused by the brutal forced used after a revolt.the casulity numbers was n't like that.total population of dersin was 100k ( and was 90k 2 years after that ) so it is bs.offical field report sent to capital to inform the goverment about the situation says 13k killed or missing ,11 k forced to leave . 
  nope it is actually about 15 % -20 % . this research was done by konda.a reliable source which is a very succesful one ( they got the last referandum with 0,09 mistake ) . they did a research with tens of thousands of people and found out that kurdish people made 17,7 % of the total population.the most important part about this research is a huge part of the kurdish population did n't say i am kurdish but said i speak kurdish as native language so they also added that ( about 1/3 of the kurdish population said that.the poll was `` we are all turkish citizens but we might be from different ethnic groups ; what ethnic group do you assosicate yourself with ? 
  '' . zazas are also included in the poll . 
  let ' a send respect the robot guy ( aka melih g\u00f6k\u00e7ek the guy who is mayor of ankara since 3000 bc ) to teach the sun a lesson . 
  what?as i said turks say terretorial waters are 6nm so that ship was in greek area so this has nothing to do with borders . 
  if you check captains history it is n't his first time.a crazy captain who wanted to get famous seems more likely to me . 
   the real question is why did n't someone create such an account earlier there are mamy guys who do that.naming yourself `` turkwatch '' and posting things ( many of them are also old sources or comes from guys who worked with erdo\u011fan but changed sides ) on reddit is n't really a super idea . 
   as evidenced by this thread and so many others . 
  turkish redditors are clearly very well organized on irc/slack/discord and managed to quickly canvass this thread with a lop-sided turkish state narrative like they did so many times in the past , backed by an unfree turkish press that puts many times more resources into putting out english translations than the greek side or any other neighboring state or nation ... 
  yes 15k subreddit is assault the 1.5 million sub with 5 guys in irc/slack/discord ...  so as a turk can you answer to the amazingly one-sided turkish reporting that neglected what the greek coast guard suspected namely that the sensetional titles sell and none wants to admit blame.turkish newspapers are shit but ( as seen some who were posted here ) greek newspapers who usually write articles about this subject ( like greekreportrd ) are n't better . 
   innocent , vegan , feminist , leftist , social democratic , chp flagged ship was carrying as possible cargo : illegal narcotics ? 
  can you please explain to me that why you are obsessed with chp.this guy is probably akp supporters you know that right ? 
   also as a diaspora turk can you answer to why you diaspora turks are so chauvinist without being raised in turkey 's ultra-nationalist education system : it is n't exclusive to turks.i am not diaspora turk but diaspora turks belive that pop\u00fclist politicians help turkey.the first workers were pushed out or isolating themselves from the society which created more problems in the future . 
   http://koreaofmideast.blogspot.com/2017/05/turkish-ultra-nationalist-education.html what?there was litterally a guy spamming the info in that thread.then we told him that those are from 2004 and those lessons do n't exist anymore so he stopped posting but it seems like you are re-posting them ( which is posted by a source that do n't even realize that ) . 
  also i do n't remember any video like that ( from the end of the article ) . are you sure that it is n't one of the movies some ultra-nationalists teacher told students to watch . 
   to answer my own query though , since i will die before i get honesty from most fanatic turkish redditors , 239 journalists are in turkish jails jail : http://stockholmcf.org/updated-list/  further another 123 turkish journalists are in exile abroad :  http://stockholmcf.org/turkish-journalists-associations-report-shows-some-123-turkish-journalists-in-exile/ can you please explain to me that why you are getting mad at some people over the journalist jailed by the goverment ( which they probably oppose ) and unlike you they live under?who says erdo\u011fan is helping turkish judicial system ? 
   maybe that is why the unfree turkish media will not even report what is all over the media in greece ... you do realize greek media litterally cuts parts of politicians speeches and mistranslate them right?it is n't about being unfree it is about being shit . 
   what is your take on the one-sides chauvinist turkish reporting as i said nationalist shit and not admitting blame and sensetional titles ( but as i also said some greek press also does it ) . 
   that acts like evil greeks are repressing anarchist , feminist , chp flagged turkish ships ? 
  wtf are you talking about?i litterally do n't understand your chp thing . 
   any turk here please explain to me why you so desperately want those islands ? 
  many turks in here want those islands because they think it would benefit turkey but they would n't fight for it ( like many users in this sub which say `` gib x '' . 
   are they worth the money the blood and the bad relationships with all your neighbours due to this policy ? 
  they have always been hugely with greek majority . 
  not like crete or cyprus witch were 60/40 or 50/50 . 
  even with a referendum after ww2 there is no way they would have joined turkey that us why we did n't even try hard to get them back then.turkey tried to get some islands in 90s with loopholes etc. 
  to decrease greek influence.now those claims are there to milk nationalist votes . 
  adan was always part of turkey.i think you mean hatay . 
   the idea of megali ellada died because there was no point to it why hasnt turkeys ottoman dream ( lets call it that ) died too ? 
  because ; - stupid propaganda effects people ( same goes both sides but greeks are more sane in these subjects due to richer population and a left goverment ) . 
  - those ottoman dreams are usually more influence in the ex-ottoman region ( which turkey is already gaining ) . the agean dispute is n't really a big problem for akp goverment if they did n't knew making stupid statements would n't get them votes . 
   you killed all the pontics , cappadocians and armenians in anatolia when you invaded from central asia ... ... . good history skills . 
   i 'd hardly say you 've lived in anatolia since day one it would be nice if you read what i wrote before commenting and spent about 5 seconds to google it yourself to see it . 
   this cargo came from antioch , for all i care it might have carried amphetamine pills and weapons for the sultan murad brigade and the rest of turkmen jihadists inside fsa . 
  i really feel sorry for you dude.first of all - transporting weapons to groups happen when you bring weapons to those groups.a simple google search can make you see that when you go from hatay to \u0130zmit ( like that ship was doing ) you get away from syria . 
  - turkey does n't only support turkmen groups . 
  - not all turkmen in fsa or in tfsa are jihadists and not all fsa are jihadists . 
  - it is sultan murad division not brigade . 
   so nothing to worry about guys , turks whose half of their country is stolen land taken through genocides great accusation it is no suprise that you got banned before and returned with a new account ... 
  majority of turks are people who live in anatolia since day one.modern turkish population is turkic people from central asia + people who lived in anatolia + muslim refugees but of course you love shitting on people . 
  turks say terretorial waters are 6nm so this has nothing to do with that . 
   it 's a provocation no doubt orchestrated by the turkish state , i wonder what they 're up to . 
  you are kidding right?turkey is preparing for an operation in syria , building and sending many soldiers to overseas while having problems with countries like saudi arabia.why would turkey want more problems with greece ? 
  edit : typo, 
  i also think that some turks are over reacting but there are some guys in this thread that assumes that turkey is going to invade greece soon . 
  erdo\u011fan is doing that stuff for internal propaganda . you can get mad and say we should spend more on military but he is n't going to invsde greece ( as i said the war did n't happen in 90s and it wo n't happen now ) . 
  edit : typo, 
  i do n't agree with most of what he says but he is right about that part ( commandos planting flag undetected ) . 
  [ wikipedia aricle ] ( https://tr.m.wikipedia.org/index.php?q=ahr0chm6ly9lbi5tlndpa2lwzwrpys5vcmcvd2lras9jbwlhl0thcmrhaw )  during the crisis , at the night of 28 january , greek special forces landed secretly on the east islet undetected . 
  on 31 january at 1:40 am turkish special forces sat commandos also landed undetected on the west islet and once again changed the flag escalating the tensions . 
  it was not until 4 hours later when the greeks noticed this when a greek helicopter took off at 5:30 am from the greek frigate navarino for reconnaissance . 
  during the mission it crashed over the islets, 
  thanks . 
   yes , because they were allies turkey and isis were n't allies.do you realize what you are saying ? 
   and turkey let isis attack syrian kurds . 
  he said no reason to provke isis did you read that part.isis was also capturing land from turkish backed rebels in the north during that time . 
   is n't it funny that the moment isis began losing against ypg , turkey '' intervened '' to attack isis as well ? 
  isis starte losing against ypg in late 2014 . isis has been attacking to turkey since 2013 and turkey first bombed isis in early 2014 . turkey let usa use \u0130ncirlik bases in 2015 then launched an offensive against isis in late 2016 . 
   and then after that they told us the real reason , which was separating kurdish cantons ( something that isis was also doing before usa bombed them out of kobane ) ? 
  what?there is litterally 1.5-2 year diffrence between that and ypg capturing manbij ( late 2014 and 2016 ) late.turkey has been saying `` we want a safezone '' since 2013 . the main objective of the operation is to drive isis out and establish a safezone for syrians and stop ypg from connecting cantons . 
  are fucking kidding?nato and usa is one of the most important reasons why hundreds of thousands of turks and greeks did n't die fighting eachother . 
   turkey 's defense budget : $ 8,208,000,000 that is not true.turkey spends 1,6 of its gdp on military so it is about 12,5 billion dollars .
