   also , can you even access wikipedia ? 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) yes.i am not a 95 years old grandma . 
   there was some shady oil business going on too . 
  which was done by probably erdo\u011fan 's son but same thing was also done by assad , rebels and ypg so it is just people beign discustingly hypocrite ( in turkey 's case it is wrose because turkey was n't really involved and bayraktar used that opportunity to get richer ) . 
   and isis openly seen using public transport without raising eyebrows . 
  recruiting offices/stands in rural cities . 
  and those just come from the top of my head . 
  when ? 
  many people joined to isis using turkish borders because turkey let everyone in to overthrow assad in the hopes of them joining fsa but many did n't . 
   at least the first 3-4 years this was common place and you can find dozens of videos online of al-nusra and other jihadist fighters crossing the turkish borders into syria loaded with trucks of equipment and men . 
  turkey let many people enter syria with weapons ( even ypg fighters ) to overthrow assad . 
   only since the nightclub massacre has turkey stepped up attacks against isis but there is absolutely no way you can say they want them destroyed , otherwise they would not share a border with them . 
  if erdogan actually wanted them gone , they could have been destroyed years ago . 
  what?please atleast check wikipedia or something before saying something like this ... turkey entered syria in august 2016 ( joined the anti-isis coaltion in 2015 ) and captured their last strong hold in northen aleppo .50 k people were banned from entering the country for having connections with isis ( about 35k of them were banned after 2015 ) and 4k were put in jail ( many of them are foreign ) . 
  you ca n't just destroy isis.turkey had a chance and should have entered syria in 2014 near tel-abyad but did n't ( which is also understanable because turkish soldier dying on foreign soil near groups that are very connected to pkk is n't really something a populist like erdo\u011fan would want ) and choose to arm rebels agains isis but those rebels were n't also very good which forced turkey to directly join to the operation . 
  also isis is attacking to turkey since early 2014 ( both civilians and militants ) so nightclub massacre was n't the first one ( turkey actually lost more citizens to isis attacks than all europe combined ) . 
  edit : typo, 
   the war has been going on for more than 6 years and the evidence are enough to point to the fact that turkey was/is involved with isis on some level . 
  turkey let everyone use its borders to go to syria to overthrow assad which increased isis 's power it is known but still saying turkey is involved with isis is n't true . 
   and not questioned the territorial integrity of turkey . 
  even their flag includes hatay ( a turkish city ) as part of their own ( which is just funny and is even more ridiculus than north korea including south korea as part of them ) . the same group also claims they are part of syria but went as far to say `` not our land we do n't care '' when talking about some situations in other parts of syria so i do n't trust them.they also glorified the suicide attacks against turkish civilians ( not military.they put up banners for tak terrorist who suicide bombed a bus stop in ankara ) . 
   it 's because turkey would use the intel to kill kurds fighting isis . 
  first of all turkey is against ypg because of their connection with pkk and turkey could already bomb their positions but usa is not leftwing turkey because of raqqa operation  isis and erdogan have an informal alliance against kurdish , germans want to help the kurds in their fight so it gets complicated . 
  really?turkey actively fought against isis in syria with turkish soldier and captured +200 residential areas form them and trained +5 k iraqi militants to be deployed in mosul to fighter against isis . 
  not much.he was mostly a normal rightwing politician . 
   the whole isis thing , their objective is to create a state for sunni muslims in the middle east . 
  their existence is a consequence of the fact that the middle eastern borders were drawn on purpose to make countries with sunni and shia and with minorities put in power . 
  that was a bound to cause problems . 
  that is not very true.the idiotic drawn me borders ( expexct for few countries like turkey and iran ) created a lot of problems but isis is n't about that.isis gets a lot support from sunnis in iraq but that support was caused by the power vacume after saddam was executed and saddam 's sectarian policies and the iran-iraq war bringing sectarianism back to iraq.western countries played a lot of role in it but most of the stupid things were done decades after iraq was founded.the me borders were drawn ( again excluding iran and turkey ) so no country would be too strong and every involved world power can get their own piece ( which made me people very very angry.the arabs met with turks during the turkish indipendence war for cooperation and offical documents say that some even went as far as to accepted a cofederation.in 1930s turkey was very close to establishing a cofederation with iraq but many iraqi pro-federation leaders got killed or died in `` accidents '' . these people rebelled against ottomans few years earlier so you can see how angry they were . ), 
  damn europeans and their regulations even make paper great/s, 
   for example , in dersim they killed more than 10 000 civilians including * again * children . 
  and what they did was again blaming kurdish militants , but how can you kill a baby and then say it was because of militancy ? 
  goverment used a lot of force supress rebelliouns in that time period.there were a lot of rebelliouns which forced country to act brutallly but they went too far in dersim and did n't care about civilian lives and about 10k civilians died because of it . 
   this has to be a joke the name of the montain likely came from the soldiers last words who died in sarikamish.normally muslims say `` e\u015fhedu en la \u0130l\u00e2he \u0130ll\u00e2llah ve e\u015fheduenne muhammeden abduhu ve resuluhu '' and in turkish it is `` ben \u015eahitlik ederimki allah ` tan ba\u015fka \u0130lah yoktur ve yine \u015fahitlik ederim ki muhammed onun kulu ve el\u00e7isidir '' but those soldiers was n't able to say that due to cold so they only said `` allahuekber '' ( allah is greater ) . 
   20 years ago , if the person did something like this , he would be jailed for violating traffic laws . 
   nowadays , if you perform a prayer , the tram will stop . 
  what?do you really expect them to go over him or something like that?also no one gets jailed for violating traffic laws ( even if atat\u00fcrk was in power we would have got a warning at max ) . most he will get is someone teaching him basics of praying or a fine ( pray while you are clean and pray in clean areas and also do those things for allah not for reputation etc. 
  ) that ignorant guy do n't even realize that ( i am 99 % sure this guy is one of those `` just a prank bro '' , `` social test bro '' kinda dude because the machinist says he started to act quickly when he saw the tram and the guy thought train did n't work ( ofcourse his excuse is 90 % bs and he is doing this to not to get fined ) ) . 
   turkey is not important , only to contain russia in the sea . 
  hmmm ...  they are attacking all our allies in the middle east , from  iraqi forces when did turkey attacked iraqi forces ? 
   to syrian kurds to ypg is n't syrian kurds.same group has connections with pkk which attack turkey . 
  when did turkey attacked armenians?also you do realize armenia is mostly a russian ally and has russian troops staioned in their country right ? 
   the operation doesnt exist any more . 
  and not only al-zinki did work together with tsa those guys are still called es groups by many people so it is fair to call them that.yes al-zinki did worked with taf ( what is tsa ? ), 
  but they are n't part of the operation right now ( you said they are literally fighting and is part of the operation both are incorrect ) . 
   r/syriancivilwar since you should head there and read what i read from visiting daily for 2 years i daily post stuff there ( mostly pro-rebel or pro-gov information rarely sdf advances ) . 
  edit : typo, 
   al-zinki is part of the turkish operations , al-zinki is n't currently part of the operation.there are literally dozends of tweeter users that posts info about who is currently part of that operation  do n't read only huryet open some other news too . 
  i do n't read h\u00fcrriyet but it seems like you need some info about the scw try r/syriancivilwar you can see that even the group that hosted the defected al-zinki fighters got attacked by other groups that are part of turkey 's operation . 
  edit : also h\u00fcrriyet is mostly anti-goverment and sometimes neutral so try to use something like sabah or yeni\u015fafak if you want to make irony . 
   interesting . 
  you answer the single-sentence easiest-to-attack statement from every 3-page article and every redditor 's like `` he got him ! '' . 
  i linked about 2 parts of the 13 part article.i am just showing that not sharing these guys but those sources you just shared would be better . 
  for the second part you are right.germany considers some groups supported by turkey terrorist but turkey also considers some grouos that benefit from germany 's actions in syria terrorists ( though they banned pkk , ypg , \u00d6calan symbols which was a good decision ) . another important part is many western weapons ( including many german ones ) end up in pkk 's hands ( thousands of them were captured in recenr raids along with tens of thousands of ammunition and many of them did n't was n't even opened ) . most of them come from iraqi blackmarkets where peshmerga sells these weapons so they are n't 100 % guilty but it seems like they are n't doing anything to limit these and act like this does n't happen.in the end both countries doing things that harm them and none of thrm are innocent . 
  it got auto-disabled because one of the links sent to express.uk which is banned . 
  oh ok .  [ turkish journalists charged over claim that secret services armed syrian rebels ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/27/turkish-journalists-charged-over-claim-that-secret-services-armed-syrian-rebels ) goverment was sending weapons to all rebels groups which is bad i agree that  [ it 's impossible to beat isis with erdo\u011ean in power ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/impossible-beat-isis-erdogan-power-442767 ) turkey let many people into syria and did n't really cared about them until 2014-2015 ( turkey hoped these guys would join rebels but many of them joined isis ) which was a very bad mistake . 
  also from the article 1  when suicide bombers struck a peace rally in the capital of ankara in october 2015 , erdo\u011fan immediately imposed a ban on reporting . 
  ban on reporting is a normal thing for turkey after terrorists attacks it is n't exclusive to that attack.turkish officals say it is there to stop misinformation . 
  2  fethullah g\u00fclen 's moderate islamic movement gulen and moderate wtf?gulen is bad guy and he got that much powerful by working with erdo\u011fan . 
   [ turkey 's secret pact with islamic state exposed by operative behind wave of isis attacks ] ( https://medium.com/insurge-intelligence/-secret-pact-with-islamic-state-exposed-by-operative-behind-wave-of-isis-attacks-6b35d1d29e18 ) ( by [ nafeez mosaddeq ahmed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nafeez_mosaddeq_ahmed ) ) dude what?that article was written a month before turkey started operation against isis and article is from hawar and anf.they claimed turkey was building 40k buildings in a small town to assimilate kurds in syria.they also made many false accusations even going as far as saying `` turkey is bringing isis fighters to kirkuk in helis '' ( which is not only a lie but funny.when they said it turkish trained arabs from mosul finished their training joined pmu to fight against isis ) . 
   [ ` isis sees turkey as its ally ' ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/isis-and-turkey-cooperate-destroy-kurds-former-isis-member-reveals-turkish-282920 ) testemony of an unknown fighter is n't enough ( especially if it is coming from a group that is hostile to turkey.some pkk militants also claimed fake things about pkk after beign caught by taf ) . isis attacked to turkish security forces about 1 month after this was publishes.ofcourse there is chance of them not beign targetted for beign thought as other rebels ( the article was also released 1 year after isis directly called turks and turkey kuffar and promised to attack them ) . 
   [ email cache proves turkish oil minister 's links to isis oil trade , wikileaks claims ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/wikileaks-turkey-isis-oil-minister-email-cache-leaks-claims-a7460736.html ) it seems like erdo\u011fan f.cking turned blind eye to his son-in law buying oil from isis.ofcourse tas you said they are n't the only one.regime , krg , ypg and many other countries and groups also made deals with isis and bought oil from them . 
  edit : typo, 
  i ca n't see it . 
   your army is literally fighting openly alongside with terrorist islamic gangs that behead children and post it online in syria . 
  first of all i think you are talking about al-zinki which is n't part of turkey 's operation.though turkey supporting islamist rebels are bad but us is supporting ypg . 
   with the support of your people because they kill kurds what ? 
  those guys fought against isis and ypg ( mostly against isis and captured many areas from them ) . 
  fighting against ypg is n't fighting against kurds.same group has close ties with pkk ( they are literally under same organization and part of \u00d6calan 's movement which is pkk 's leader ) , killed turkish soldiers who were on guard duty along the border , many of their militants were caught trying to enter turkey , many of their members are from turkey and were part of pkk , they put photos of tak bombers ( after a suicide attack against civilians in a bus station ) on buildings etc. 
   why do you think so ? 
  ( i 'm serious ) . 
   syria once was a progressive country , and got taken over by islam . 
  just like iran . 
  turkey is being taken over by radical islamistic freaks right now , and civil-war like conditions exist in some areas already , where erdogan is fighting the kurds . 
  syria is n't really secular and did n't had many secular and progressive leaders.their constitution says president should be muslims and there are tons of stuff lime that similar to that in it.the syrian population is also less educated and poorer than turkish population . 
  iran also did n't had a lot of secular and modernist leaders.the shah tried to make country more progresive and secular but he was a tyrant and oppresed people.he was n't also able to defeat and the control the religous networks.many people think iran was a very rich , very secular and progressive country before the revolution but it is not true.a part of iran was rich and secular and progressive but most of it was n't and reforms did n't effect them very much.many people were also poor and jobless and these things cause people to rebel ( many revolutions were started because of these things ) . 
  turkey and turkish people are a lot more secular than them ( about 77 % of the turkish population support secularism while 87 % of young turkish people support secularism ) . turkey also had many progressive and secularist leaders and secularism and progressiveism comes from countries roots like nationalism and patriotism.selim 3 , mahmud 2 , abd\u00fclaziz , young turks movement , mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk , \u0130smet \u0130n\u00f6n\u00fc , cemal g\u00fcrsel , b\u00fclent ecevit these are just some of the most influential secularist and modernist people and movements turkey had in last 200 years ( and every one of them was the leader of the country ) . turkey also have religous affairs ( diyanet.and it is controlled by the state ) and directly informs people about religon and controls who talks about religon.many majority muslims countries did n't have these kinda movements and people and none had this much.turkic countries in general are more secular than other majority muslim countries.turkey is more secular because of the reasons i listed and others ( azerbaijan , kazakhstan , turkmenstan , krgyzstan , uzbekstan ) are more secular due to years of ussr rule.turkey is also richer than those countries and is getting richer and more educated . 
   they clearly do n't have anything to do in nato . 
  turkey is part of nato . 
   the current government and the majority of the population are against everything the eu/usa stand for no they are not ( espically nato ) . 
   and do n't really hide that they support terrorists groups . 
  who ? 
   actually the two countries did improve their relations and approached each other quite fast after erdogan apologised . 
  yeah  now their relations are probably better than before russian jet incident . 
  on some subjects yes , on some subjects maybe . 
   but i 've already explained that in another comment because it might sound differently than i meant it . 
  obviously i 'm not saying that turkey should be hostile to russia or go to war . 
  greece is close to russia as well . 
  i just mentioned it like that because these guys are basically saying that turkey will turn to russia after such moves from nato , because they have good relations . 
  nothing more . 
  i understand but those guys are right.turkey is not a russia ally and wo n't be but actions from nato and from westerner countries force turkey to cooparate with other eastern countries ( ofcource turkey is n't 100 % innocent ) . some western countries blocked some arms sales to us while we were fighting against isis ( ironic part is most of them have no problem selling the same or better stuff to saudi arabia ) and literally none of them gave air support ( only usa gave airsupport in the first days but pulled it.the airsupport is mostly sembolic because turaf can just do it but sembolic things are very important.russians gave turkey airsupport and intel ( which turkey needed ) about the region while germans refused to share intel us about syria while using \u0130ncirlik ) . turkey is now cooparating with ukraine for motor devolopment for tanks and for producing some planes.turkey works with russians for an air defence systems and turkey also cooparated with chinese sometimes for some sytems because they accepted to give technology transfer . 
  another important part is this also damages nato 's view so doing it outside of nato would be better . 
   also , as far as i know , i 'm not a government , a political organization or anything like so i do n't have an agenta . 
  just stating my opinion . 
  what do you think my agenda is though ? 
  i do n't have problem with your opinion but i do think some part of your opinion is flawed so i want to counter it to show that it does n't really make sense because of x.ofcourse i am not accusing you of beign a shill etc. 
  edit : typo, 
   in case you have n't noticed , turkey is playing best buds with russia what are you saying?you literally have dozends of comments on this thread and 10 comments below you just said `` turkey nearly brought nato to war by shooting down a russian plane '' do you really think countries became best friends in about a year or are you just making excuses to push your agenda ? 
  turkey is n't playing best buds with russia.having good economic and political relations with russia does n't mean beign their best friend.both russia and turkey benefit from those relations but are not allies.what do yo expect turkey to do declare war on them or cut all ties ? 
  a new weapon in splatoon 2 .
