  thank you.i hope they will rest in peace and i hope they can capture that town from isis.f.cking isis uses svbieds every day and es forces usually destroy 1 or 2 each day but in this case they were pushing in so it was much more deadlier because they got striked with 3 of them in a single day ( with tak attacks this is the 6th svbied attack in this mounth against our forces.extremist usually find a lot of people who are ready to blowthemselves up for a stupid cause . ), 
  35 is the total number of killed soldiers since the start of es operation . 
  let me explain the situation fsa backed by turkey tried to storm al-bab ( the last major isis stronghold in northen aleppo ) they captured 35 % city and reach to city centre but isis started a counter attack with svbieds and pushed them back.they retreated from all the positions they gained in that assault ( this 2 tanks were captured near the hospital but both of them seems to be disabled ) . also they retreated from the hill which over looks the city ( half of the hill was captured before the assault ) . 
  during the isis counter attack a position near the al-bab hospital was attacked by svbieds ( this is the place where leos were captured ) . there were fsa militants and taf soldiers and they were building defences but after that attack instead of fighting and losing men they disabled some of their equipment and retreated from that area .2 leos ( which seems disabled ) and 1 acv-15 ( which seemed like it was working ) were captured by isis forces . 
  during the assault because of svbieds and clashes turkey lost 14 soldiers ( and 2 died in the hospital ) . 
  edit : also 35 is the number of soldiers that died since the start of the operation . 
  edit : * hill, 
  this is kinda legit.they captured 2leos ( but they were disabled by the crew ) and 1 acv-15 but they killed 14 soldiers in total not 35 ( and 4 od them died in the morning while other 10 died im 3 different svbied attacks ) . 
  best korea ofcourse . 
   quiet and go back to china you jap . 
  stop stealing our jobs . 
  makeamericagreatagain . 
  i already did ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) i will ^ ^ ^ makekoreagreatagain ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i took few photos during my trip to amasra [ 1 ] ( https://s23.postimg.org/9al3x4vcr/img_20160604_133751.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( https://s24.postimg.org/5drp7ae6d/img_20160604_125141.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( https://s27.postimg.org/jzc3q4wg3/img_20160604_174608.jpg ) [ 4 ] ( https://s30.postimg.org/oud0ht18x/img_20160604_152037.jpg ) [ 5 ] ( https://s30.postimg.org/5a1shfi4h/img_20160604_155629.jpg ) [ 6 ] ( https://s24.postimg.org/cwvh01js5/img_20160604_191701.jpg ) [ 7 ] ( https://s28.postimg.org/kmgo0c4b1/img_20160604_190043.jpg ) it is truly a great place . 
   woah , did n't knwo i 'd have to educate a turk on his own fucking language today . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_turkish_language written in arabic script does n't mean arabic sorry but by you are the uneducated one here.turkish is a turkic language and turkic originated from central asia and does n't have any connections to arabic.after turks became muslim many words were barrowed from arabic and farsi . 
   see that picture ? 
  that 's turkish script before mustafa kemal completely changed the language to make it look more european . 
  you do n't have to pay me for this lesson my asian friend . 
  you probably know 0 things about turkic and turkish.ataturk changed it because it was n't good for turkish ( latin alphabet is much better ) and even in the ussr many turkic countries used latin until they were forced to change to cyrillic . 
   i would have sympathy but in / r/turkey there are frequent posts and sick ` jokes ' glorifying the armenian genocide and talking about how good it was . 
  do n't forget the constant defending of massacring kurdish civilians and stripping them of their civil rights . 
  same jokes was made for the death ottoman soldiers ( for example there are shit post about the death of 90k soldiers froze to death in kars ) and etc. i am sorry but there are a lot of shitpost on / r/turkey . 
  who is defending the death of kurdish civilians ? 
  after every attack i warned people and said do n't be angry at kurds and every time i got a more upvotes than the guy who said it ( and most of the time they edited and said i did n't mean it ) . after every stupid thing turkish soldiers did i said how stupid it was and translated it so people could understand ( and i still got upvoted ) . i am sorry but you are exaggerating things ( if you do n't belive me just check the comments , people who say shit like `` kill kurds !! 1 ! '', 
  usually get banned and get downvoted a lot ) . 
  usually far-nationalist post on r/turkey are banned ( some guy posted a song about mhp and got banned and got downvoted a lot ) . 
  a lot of people do n't really know who uses / r/turkey . most of users are patriotic kemalist who knows english ( and the sub is anti-govrement ) also there are a lot of atheist users and we also make fun of jihadist , kurdish and turkish racist and nationalists . 
  also you can feel sympathy because it has notthing to do with r/turkey ( if you hate r/turkey do n't upvote this post or downvote it ) it is about dead people who are turks . 
   turks need to work on their public image because i 've never seen a nationality so supportive of genocide and ethnic cleansing while at the same time pretending to be oppressed and getting confused that nobody feels sorry for them . 
  it is about turks due to turkey 's position many turks think a lot people are against us and / r/turkey gets emotional a lot ( which is stupid ) but other than that claiming / r/turkey cheers for genocide is false . 
  it is more like remove kebab jokes.as a meskhetian turk i posted a link about the deportation of meskhetian turks and some guy made a remove kebab joke and got upvoted.he did n't mean it and removed it after someone warned him but i did n't get offened and i think it is funny ( ofcourse more original joke would be better ) . 
   on dec. 15 in a last-ditch effort , alevi associations , kurds , secular and other marginalized groups in turkey initiated a hashtag #ohaldealeviyiz to show their solidarity with the alevis against the proposed caliphate . 
  this shit is n't funny anymore.ffs there are 14 million kurds in turkey but they use it like all kurds are proggresive people ( like every other ethnic group kurds are not homogeneous ) sorry but if you are n't using turks instead of opposition using kurds is just racist  fragile opposition has to hold on to hope in turkey opposition is n't fragile.they make majority of the country despite moronic opposition leaders.leaders of opposition parties should try harder but they are unfortunately not . 
  and?do you know that eu only sent 500m $ ( and nearly all of them was given directly to refugees ) while turkey spend 25 billiom $ since 2011 . 
  claiming that deal is horrible is wrong.people who say that is a bad deal do n't come up with a different plan or say `` build a wall ! 1 ! 1 !!, 
  '' ( while turkey is preventing refugees from going to europe ) . 
  there are major problems ( they are still negotiating and things are n't going well ) but eu tried to do something and it partily worked ( ofcourse it ca n't just fix every problem ) that deal is n't great but far from horrible . 
  the number of refugees coming from aegean droped a lot since the deal ( turkey prevents refugees from going to europe ) . 
  you just triggered my inner kuva-yi milliye ( ya istiklal ya \u00f6l\u00fcm !, 
  intensifies ) . 
  [ insert russian joke here ] but does n't russians rush to right side?why is that a instead of b ? 
  done, 
  * ussr intensifies *, 
  not as much as bbp.they splinter because they were a lot more islamist also their votes are n't that high compared to mhp . 
  great.turkey needs to improve ties with the east while keeping the ties with the west . 
  but there is a little problem this guy died hours ago.the point stands but russians would n't be very happy . 
  yep.as i said ambasador was known to walk without guards and the gallery was organized by russian embasy.police in turkey get very angry when you ask them id and because of their stupid shit things like this happen . 
  bbp is a lot more islamist then mhp and they usually call themselves alperen ocaklar\u0131 ( alperen houses ) . grey wolves are usually less islamic but more turkist ( they fought in azerbaijan but they do n't fight in syria , members of alperen ocaklar\u0131 are fighting in syria ) . 
  they are preparing to meet to negotiate about the war and peace ( iran , turkey , russia ) ( this will effect it ) . also things are getting better erdo\u011fan says stupid shit but he makes 180 turns few days after . 
  one of the users on syriancivilwar explained it  he was n't pulling protective detail for the ambassador . 
  he 's only been a police officer for two years . 
  all fresh inductees into police force in turkey are obligated to serve their first couple of years as part of the riot police . 
  he donned a suite and flashed his standard police badge around to pretend to be a part of the protective detail . 
  so he probably just got in with his police badge because russian ambassador do n't use guards . 
  https://twitter.com/nblaser18/status/810907057683648515 he was on cnn turk.but it is not confirmed and he said chance.so it is better to wait for offical statement . 
  abdulkadir selvi ( pro-goverment journalist ) said he had al-nusra links.and he could be a islamist who is in the police force ( thanks erdo\u011fan ) . 
  ** translation ** he is speaking arabic he starts speaking turkish '' - remember aleppo , remember syria.you wo n't be safe unless they are . 
  only my deas body will leave this building people who is responsible of this tyranny will be punished . '', 
  he was killed but ambasador died . 
  probably an islamist . 
  shooter was killed ambasador died . 
  he died.rip ( source turkish news ) . 
  in middle east alexandria is know as iskender so the names are close.ottoman 's used kostantiniye which is turkish version of costantinople.i think we should use the offical name which is currently used . 
   he was also the grandfather of maybe the most influential modern turkish poet , nazim hikmet . 
  fun fact another foreigner who played an important part in ottoman history and died in albania ( kosovo at the time but albanians killed him ) was [ mehmed ali pasha ] ( https://tr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mehmed_ali_pa\u015fa_ ( m\u00fc\u015fir ) . and mehmet ali pasha is also naz\u0131m hikmet 's grandfather . 
  ottoman empire abolished dev\u015firme system in 17th-18th century ( jannisary units countiued until 19th ) . so it happened centuries before balkan league . 
  also not every kid was taken and the dev\u015firme system started in 15th century and before that there was pen\u00e7ik system ( prisoners were used as soldiers ) and it started in 14th centuary and turned in to dev\u015firme system . 
  no you are not but many people use those names because they are claiming it.greek goverment uses istanbul and i think people should use offical names while talking english it is much better . 
  also alexsander is know as iskender in middle east so the names are similar but i tried to explain what i meant in first part . 
   i 'm only talking about facts . 
  i understand that they 're muslims and muslim culture has been incompatible with being greek and historically used as a synonym for turk . 
  you are right but this does n't effect current day turkey most of them are regular people who call themselves turks like they were before the exchange . 
   force of habit , sometimes i 'll call it istanbul , depends on the context . 
  the christian population of istanbul ( greek and armenian mainly ) would most likely not have called it like that . 
  it is understandable but it makes it look like you are claiming it ( i know istanbul is important for greeks and orthodox in general but it really makes you look like a nationalit ) . 
  we turks call damascus \u015eam and al-rai \u00c7obanbey but we use damascus and al-rai in english . 
  same goes for meskhiti we meskhitian turks use ah\u0131ska in turkish but call it meskhiti in english . 
  ok thank you i thought this is about sizes but it turns out it was mostly about positions . 
  let me contribute some thing.gulf stream is one of them which makes western europe warmer . 
  yeah but the problem is they did n't accept themselves as greek ( not all of them ) . it is how turkish identy was built so they are turkish ( and most of them considered themselves turkish before the exchange ) . a lot of people decend from mongols but do n't accept themselves as one . 
  you may not agree with it but turkish nationalism is about cultrue.also you are thinking ataturk as an hardcore turkish racist but i explained to you what he wanted to create and how he was . 
  you are still calling istanbul costantinople ( which does n't change anything because istanbul is also a greek word and its offical name ) and banned from / r/turkey for a very bad comment so i take your words with a grain salt sorry . 
  thank you for correcting me but still i think if he wants to compare sizes it would be better if it was directly on top of it , because it only covers half of eu . 
  also thank you for your tone . 
  yep.this is just stupid.anatolia is know for its hospitality but akp goverment is destroying it and polarizing people.we muslims and turks should be open minded and understand people to solve our problems.i wish our opposition did something but they are n't harsh enough against erdo\u011fan . 
  so he is comparing latitudes?it seems like he is comparing the sizes ( or am i wrong ? 
  if you are talking about the western one.not much probably none . 
  greek is wide term.some racist nationalist ones claim a huge part of anatolia or istanbul and thrace ( which is stupid istanbul itself has a hugher population then greece and if we include all of anatolia they will be the 3rd largest group and would make 13 % of the total population which is nearly as same as other small ethnic groups combined including refugees ) but greece ( greek state ) herself does n't claim it . 
  oh but i think it would be better if they put it directly on eu that would give a better result . 
   educate yourself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_muslims ... yeah i educated my self and know they accepted themselves as turks so they are.turkishness is about that.you ca n't force people in to being something if they do n't accept it . 
   mustafa kemal created a cult and turned it into a national mythology , there 's no evidence of him descending from central asia . 
  he was most likely albanian from fyrom like tons of ottomans . 
  i never said he was from central asia ... i explained to you how turkishness and turkish nationalism work ( it is about cultrue and language ) . his mother is from central anatolia while there are theories about his father ( some say he father was albanian some say his family was yoruk turkmens from central anatolia ) . 
  ataturk himself used ancient anatolian and mesopotamia figures and supported usage of them.you are probably thinking him as far right turkist but he was n't . he used pre-turkish anatolian cultrue in many ways and founded a nation and thanks to him many people in turkey can live together under the same name and can feel turkey as their home . 
  for example - the symbol of ankara was a hittite symbol and there is a huge statue of it in . 
  - eti a huge food company uses the same symbol - ankara university uses the same symbol - sumer bank was a huge cloth and banking company that was founed by ataturk . 
  - museum of anatolian civilizations was founded by ataturk - supported archaeological excavations . 
  these are just few examples .
