   on the other hand , russia is certainly taking advantage of the current situation in turkey , as moscow is looking forward to ankara to stand with itself against nato . 
  furthermore , turkey is close to seal the deal of purchasing s-400 missiles from russia . 
  this is truly unbelievable for a member of nato . 
  this will definitely harm not only the unity of nato but nato 's defense capability as well . 
  when nato reacted to this purchase , turkey tried to reassure its nato partners that it will not use these missiles for any nato operations but it will rather use them for its internal security threats . 
  our nato parterns do n't sell us many weapons and delay the delivery dates and sometimes sanction us.their prices are also very very high and they do n't offer co production ( russia offers that ) , financial help , technology transfer etc. 
  the lst part is mostly same so i am not going to answer it . 
  if you want to read something that is written by people that are against erdo\u011fan since 2002 and know all of these stuff and did n't learn his name in 2016 try [ this ] ( http://odatv.com/cnne-konusan-general-sinif-arkadasimdi-0102171200_m.html ) . this is an oda tv ( a very very anti-goverment newspaper.these guys office was raided by police 2 times during the ergenekon trials ) interview made with a turkish commander who had to leave the military during the ergenekon trials ( because of gulenists ) . you can use google translate but i will try to put it short . 
  from osman ba\u015f\u0131b\u00fcy\u00fck ( an ex soldier ) : the guy on cnn was my school mate pilot general mehmet yal\u0131nalp.i sat near him for 3 years . 
  he failed in even the most basic plane and was sent to usa for training in 1990 . he stayed there for 1,5 years.in 1996 we were working together in diyarbak\u0131r and he was again sent to usa this time for f-16 teacher test without even beign a leader of 2 planes ( not sure how to translate it sorry ) . 
  then he was sent to belgium and somehow like many gulenist who led the couo he graduated as the best student.in 2014 august while all of his competators were beign arrested he along with many gulenist were promoted to general.i knew him.when i got 16 years in sledgehammer trials he did n't even call me.he also did n't even visit his neighbours who got arrested and now he is crying on cnn.mehmet i am directly talking to you.let the cemaat ( gulen 's movement ) go.if you have a little patriotisn left in you stop this mess and do n't be part of it.none of the soldiers who got arrested druing ergenekon and sledgehammer trials did n't say anything to foreign press to damage their country.stop . 
  edit : typo i am not saying erdo\u011fan is n't using gulen as an excuse to target people but these articles make gulen and gulenist seem innocent and they are not these guys praised erdo\u011fan 7/24 before he sgarted fighting against gulen and now they are lying and damaging turkey 's image . 
  again a funny interview about the coup probably given by a hardcore gulenist  but the turkish armed forces , the one i have known for many years , has never been under direct political control , it had always been neutral ; the promotions , the assignments were never been politicized -- maybe at the top level were always politicized , but for the whole military that has never been the case . 
  for example , i have never felt -- for more than 20 years - that any kind of political influence played a role in military assignments after the purge . 
  ok.literally ok.there are hundreds of people who were purged by gulenist and some of them killed themselves because of the things they were accused of and there are thousands of people who say ( with proff ) that they were tortured by gulenists in military schools and were force to quit ( if you quit a military school in turkey you have to pay thousands of dollars ) there are many groups that these people found and articles about this issue startes poping up in 2010-2011s ( while gulen was still erdo\u011fan 's friend ) . 
   with erdoganist generals commanding the whole operation without a real understanding of strategic context and operational planning ; it was a mess in the end . 
  during the es operation turks made mistakes it is clear but the slow proggress was caused by the badly trained fsa and zekai aksakall\u0131 is n't erdo\u011fanist like this guy claims . 
   as a clear snapshot almost 700 pilots were purged so far , says `` clear snapshot '' then gives an unreal number ...  the quick-fix solution of the government was to provide exaggerated salaries to previously retired combat pilots , whom are called to replace the purged ones ; but these people had retired 5-6 years ago and they lost their abilities and experience . 
  also , it is worth mentioning that those retired pilots were mostly the ones that lost their interest in military and also the ones that do not fit to health requirements to fly a combat aircraft wtf?how duscustig can you be to something like this?those pilots returned because they loved their country ( the goverment is n't paying them more than their current jobs it is just bs again made up by this guy ) . those people retired because gulenist purged them during ergenekon and sledgehammer trials ( lieutenant colonel ali tatar shot himself in the head when gulenists tried to arrest him for the second time with fake evindence and f.cking gulenist newspapers made fun of him by saying things like `` he headbutted a bullet '' they also made fun of the wives of those soldiers by saying `` it is nice of them to wear shirts with the face of their husbands on it since we ca n't realize who is whi because they are all blonde lol '' . yes a c.nt literally said it and now that c.nt is in jail sweet sweet karma ) and a coup pilot did n't even have a f.cking tumb ( many of the coup plotters are also related ) while gulenist did n't accept anyone they did n't like saying `` not fit for service '' ( i know someone that did n't got accept because he had a very small spot in a noy visable spot in his body while gulenist with 2-3 times bigger spots in visable positions got accepted during the same health check.there are also thousands of cases like this you can go search for them ) . 
   another side effect of this unprecedented massive purge is the current lack of trust against command chain in the armed forces as well . 
  this is so clear at lower level ranks , as they always question now the personal agenda of the commander ; basically , people are afraid to do even daily routines of military practice and just try to save their skin . 
  lack of trust?what?where did he learn this?it is clear that soldiers are generally more anexios since the coup and are more careful but `` lack of trust '' is bs.i know many soldiers ( some fought in syria and some fought in south eastern turkey during the city clashes and some are in stationed in cyprus and nearly all of them are anti-goverment with one of them beign nationalist and neutral against goverment and i have n't heard something like this from them.there is n't also things like this on social media etc.soldiers were very angry and sad during the coup but things slowly turned to normal after the operations and the huge goverment propaganda to make sure people love the army ) . 
   it should be said as well that there was a massive resentment among the public and the armed forces against president erdogan due to the failing of the kurdish peace process and particularly due to the developments that happened afterwards . 
  lots of people have died , because of the mistakes committed by the government in handling the kurdish issue . 
  those purged generals and offices had liberal visions to solve long-awaited kurdish issue , they believed in democratic ways for solving this issue rather than using military might another bs.many of the purges commanders were hardliners when it comes to nationalism and led some operations in south eastern turkey . 
   the trials are not broadcasted and no international monitoring is allowed for a simple reason : president erdogan does not want the realities of the 15 july to come up to the surface , and to be acknowledged by the public opinion . 
  but this question -- why the trials of the military personnel accused of staging the coup are not broadcasted and international observers are not allowed to monitor them ? 
  i really wonder if he can say the same for the ergenekon and sledgehammer trials which were also not broadcasted and press tried to explain what they saw ( in the trials a similar thing is also happening in this one.press is allowed to watch but it is not broadcasted.chps said it should be broadcasted in trt but it is not happening for now and probably not gon na happen ) . 
   i think the main cause of my purge is the fact that i have extensive education with western background i think it is bs since my own relatives who have education wuth western backgrouand and who were in usa during the coup are ok like other tens of thousands of similar people . 
   i think i was dismissed because i was known as someone who is not in line with president erdogan 's mindset . 
  i really want to learn about how hou viewed erdo\u011fan pro-2013 ( before erdo\u011fan-gulen started to fight ) . since many gulenists were praising erdo\u011fan 7/24 during those times . 
   accusing someone as a g\u00fclenist is a useful sticker for president erdogan to purge anyone he wants i agree with this part . 
  yeah , some \u00e7ommars on twitter are getting triggered lol . 
  edit : some people are saying this might be a diffrent thing so i an going to delete it until i am sure . 
  i made a mistake in the title so had to delete it and re-post sorry, 
  it is really nice to see how overwhelming majority of r/europe users understood what is happening before trusting a questionable article ( unfortunately some other subs did n't ) . thanks guys . 
  i do n't know how dragnea ( i hope he is not that bad ) behaves but erdo\u011fan says and does stupid shit for internal propaganda and does n't realize it f.cking damages turkey 's image abroad ( or he does and tries to even use it more to get more nationalist votes ) . his foreign policy was `` 0 problem policy '' but somehow he managed to anger uae , israel , eygpt , iraq , germany at the same time ( he fixed relations with iran and our relations are getting better.he is also fixing relations with israel and iraq but he should n't have created the problems in the first place ) ... 
  sorry , i should have read it more carefully before posting ( how the fuck i made the same mistake twice lol ), 
  do n't underestimate iraqi army.krg captured many lands from isis which were n't theirs previously ( which made them angry ) . after isis gets pushed out of iraq ( iraqi pmu might enter syria ) iraq will have thousands of loyal , battle hardened,anti-west , pro-iranian troops/fighters which will fight against krg if they are ordered to do ( of course it would n't happen atleast it seems like it ) . turkey supports kdp since 1990s so i do n't think turkey would attack krg as long as barzani and kdp is still the goverment or strong there ( they might try to defend the kdp if something like that happens ) . 
  currently iraq and krg is making deals to split oil revenue but iraq will soon become a lot stronger so things might change . 
  edit : typo, 
  - this monunent was put there for mothers who lost their sons far away from their home . 
  - it is being restored not being destroyed edit : typo, 
  it basically says 15 monuments in \u00c7anakkale will be restored in 250 days . 
  a mp from erdo\u011fan 's party who praised gulen 7/24 and got angry at chp for chp saying `` gulen is trying to increase its control over the state and is placing his own men in army '' literally accused chp of supportering gulen ... 
   of course there were more from chp than hdp , chp is also a two times bigger party than hdp . 
  yeah ( hdp has 59 mps , chp has 134 mps )  also , it does n't matter what chp thought about . 
  fact is they voted in favor of the law and now they can not suddenly protest against it . 
  they knew all along that akp was controlling the justice , even during that time . 
  as i said chp sometimes makws stupid mistakes because they sometimes do n't understand the akp base but this walk is n't only about that guy.hdp and mhp should join but of course they would n't because they dislike each other and sometimes dislike chp . 
  your friend is right about that the oppostion really makes a lot of mistakes and are divided.some pro-mhp people are accusing chp of supporting pkk and other terrorist and are n't supportering this walk while some pro-hdp people are accusing chp of supportering akp and acting fascist ( of course both sides are wrong ) and are n't supportering this walk.after 7th of july chp tried really hard to unite mhp and hdp but mhp did n't want it because bah\u00e7eli does n't know how politics work . 
  akp can lose power if - mhp gets a new leader that knows politics or - hdp tries hard to keep their promises snd regains some of its voters or - a rightwing or center party enters parliment and takes akp 's votes or - someone like ecevit becomes chp 's leader ( overwhelming majority of turkish people respects ecevit , even the hardcore akp supporters and many people say `` he was the men of the people '' ) . 
  yeah i hope k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7dar knows this and no one tries to block it.in the past workers from zonguldak ( turkey 's miner city ) marched to ankara ( [ photo ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctammh4ruofnqvjolsgv0nfjrldqw61ritz0t8ckaa-dakxxltkhjkdi4hi ) ) , but goverment blocked it by blocking roads and making deals with union leaders . 
  it is clear that he does n't really like erdo\u011fan and his policies and does n't want akp to become ekp but he does n't have enough power to prevent it and is n't really trying to do that excluding few he gave few small speeches ( probably not to damage the party but that is just funny and stupid ) . 
   also ironically erdogans destroying akp leadership to replace them with cronnies will be the death of akp in the long run . 
   akp will eat itself soon enough . 
  many people do n't see this.akp came to this position because their economy ministers were good educated men who did n't care about politics but were part of akp ( like babacan , \u015eim\u015fek ) and they did a good job at economy.now many of them are gone.akp might not fall like a big building but even its founding members are very angry at erdo\u011fan ( of course many do n't publicly say it yet ) and know he is acting like a dictator so they will slowly lose their base and if erdo\u011fan goes they will just become another anap.akp might be the goverment for nextt elections but they are doomed to slowly lose their power . 
  it will take 23-25 days . 
  the thing is hdp said drop your weapons to pkk when they became a party.they also countiued saying it until elections ( but stopped saying it after the clashes restarted ) and sometimes some still do but they do n't act so it seems like at core hdp does n't want pkk to have this much power over kurds and does n't want fight.maybe pkk could sent someone to that party to negotiate to solve problems but they should n't control the party . 
   lol no , he just made a deal with fellow genociders who happen to have sweet money . 
  could you please tell me which genocides did inonu commited ? 
  also there was a high chance of hitler trying to go to caucasian oil fields thorugh turkey so turkey was even worse position but did a great job at not joining the war . 
  that lifted immunity of 148 mps ( 53 of them were from hdp 55 of them were from chp ) and it was going to go to referandum even without chp vote.chp thought saying yes would show that they have nothing to hide and how discusting akp acts ( they also called hdp to say yes ) but many akp supporters do n't care about what akp do so it did n't have much effect but again majority of chp mps did n't say it because knew it was a stupid idea . 
   we both know that 's not the case . 
   http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-kurds-iduskcn0q20uv20150728 peace process was n't doing great and was going to fail but it ended when pkk executed 2 turkish police while they were sleeping ( 2 months before he said that ) . 
  the thing is reforms are already happening ( there should be more ) but both goverment and pkk is n't working to solve this.pkk stockpiled weapons and planted thousands of ieds during the last cease fire ( which even their hardcore supporters did n't want ) and akp let them because they got more votes because of the cease fire . 
  to solve this problem there needs to be more reforms + investment and pkk should n't be part of the negotiations parties like hdp should be part of this to solve it ( this is actually why thousands of turks especially in eastern turkey voted for hdp.my mothers city ( ardahan ) and kars are both majority turkish but voted for hdp but they then voted for akp when thry realized it was n't working ) . i hope hdp or a similar party realizes this and tries to push pkk out of picture . 
   western turks outcry and protest when such thing happens to them , do n't say a word when it happens to kurds . 
  chp sent people to investigate human right abuses in se turkey have many politicans who fought for kurdish rights and are more pro-minority than ever . 
   or if you do say a word , it would be ` terrorist ! ', 
  aka jailing of kurdish journalists / demirtas is ok because kurd = terrorist . 
  who supported the arrest of innocent people?some of the hdp mps that got arrested litteraly praised pkk ( like saying `` pkk will drown you in its spit '' . some of them also carried pkk militants and weapons in their own cars and did n't report cars that were stolen from municipality and pkk used those stolen cars to suicide bomb people ) , tak and visited the funeral of suicide bombers ( these made them lose many votes and they dropped from 13 % to 10 % because of that ) but some of them are innocent and they got arrested because they are hdp mps or support hdp or against erdo\u011fan.innocent ones should be released and guilty ones should be trialled along with guilty akp mps ( but unfortunately guilty akp mps are n't beign trialled ) . 
  ridiculus.will the guy who secretly sent weapons to syria and destablizated syria despite public opinion beign against it also get punished ? 
  goverment secretly send weapons to rebels in syria.this guy brought it to parliment for people to know . 
  it does n't because they did n't . this bu s about weapons sent to idlib ( which was done secretly ) and they are trying to sentence people who found out about it and brought it to public . 
   i would leave for the nearest neighbouring country , that shares my culture , it 's that simple . 
  the thing is the nearest neighbouring countries are n't that similar and they ca n't just keep those refugees without any help ( many refugees try to go to rich countries because of that but those who do that are a lot less than those who go to neighbouring countries ) . for example syrian guy on reddit did an ama and said he had to go to jordan and singed to s school but teachers beat students and education was very religous and people did n't want them there ( jordan host a lot of refugees with small population ) so he had to go back to damascus.it is not eu 's job to take many refugees snd there are many problem with deals like refugee deal ( that was between eu-turkey ) but deals like that help the situation a lot . 
   huh ? 
  really ? 
  from what ive know ( by these damned turk serials ) turks seems people that dont really care about religion , that much at least . 
  that is mostly true.overwheling majority of turkish people are secular.the thing is there are few important things - some regions are a lot more religous than other regions ( think it like usa ) - there are n't many of these people but the most stupid ones are the loudest, 
  i do n't think it will be.anf is just shit and other than them reporting sdf movement they are not worth to read ( they lied and countiue to lie.they posted discusting articles that even went as far as to attack other ethnics groups and normal people ) but i think it should n't be banned . 
  this is 99 % trolling but it am answering anyway.first of all be a man and stop blaiming people . 
  work hard and go to a good highschool then apply for ibm then enter a good turkish or foreign university then finish it.during these years make projects ( even if they do n't work just make it ) i know some people that went to usa and won dozends of prizes and won scholarship from many universities when they were 15-16 yo.also do many activities which will help you in yourself future life ( if you are 10 start working now ) . 
  if you really want to go abroad you have to work hard and earn it yourself ( then you would probably want to return to turkey sometimes because the feeling of motherland becames a thing after teenage years ) no country gives citizenship to people who feel like they are smart . 
   yes sure . 
  lets play dumb and pretend that turkeys main interest isn \u00b4 t fighting the kurds . 
  kurds are not monolithic turkey ( which has about 15 million kurdish people ) was fighting along side iraqi kurds for decades . 
   thats why they decided to attack just when a kurdish corridor seemed possible and thats why the intervention is named `` operation euphrates shield '' . 
  that was one of the offical reasons but they wanted to establish a safezone in the area since 2014 and entered syria because fsa was n't good enough to fight isis back then . 
   its also why turkish defense minister fikri i\u015f\u0131k said that `` preventing the kurdish pyd party from uniting kurdish cantons '' east of jarabulus with those further west was a priority . 
   but no , thats just speculation . 
  turkish propaganda , immune to facts !, 
  before blaiming people for propaganda you should have checked offical statements.the main purpouse of the mission was to clear the area from groups that turkey accepts as terrorist ( isis and ypg.isis was shelling kilis ( a turkish city ) and was attacking turkish soldiers near the borders and also rebels were n't able to advance which made the operation a must ) and was to establish a safezone in the area to send refugees back ( which they are already doing.thousands of refugees returned and thousands of new homes are beign built and some cities are beign expanded directly by the turkish goverment ) . 
  because inclirlik base is a turkish-american base while konya base is a nato base and turkey also suggested that to them . 
  i saw it on bbc probably from the press meeting with turkish foreign minister . 
  the foreign minister of germany said soldiers will be moved to another base in turkey ( probably to konya base where german mps can visit soldiers ) . 
  yes i know.i was referring to the fact that it is very easy to get around those blocks with vpn etc. 
   wikipedia can be edited by anyone . 
  if someone does n't know the single most important thing about something even the wikipedia is a good source to correct himself a bit .
