   meanwhile turkey is 8 times bigger than greece but turkey also has about 4 times bigger economy , larger defence budget ( it is lower % when compared to greek spending ) , bigger industry and has a good defencr industry ( while greeks exports most of their weapons turks make it ) . 
   the two countries have the same size fleet , turkish fleet is bigger , has more personnel and is stronger but not that much atm.though navy and all parts of military are undergoing a modernization and many new ships entered service while more new ones are going to enter soon . 
   almost the same size air force yeah but the diffrences between this is turkey investing a lot to drone technology and producing and modernizing f-16s themselves ( turkey is also using her indigenous bombs and equipment with those ) . turkey also has better drone ( armed and unarmed and turkish made ) and surveillance technology . 
   and same technology that is not true.when it comes to jets turkey and greece are very close but turkish defence industry is times better than the greek one.turkey produces most of its military needs herself sometime with other countries and exports weapons it makes.turkey is modernizing its military while investing in many new or important technologies ( aa systems are one of them.aa systems are very important while comparing taf to haf since it is one of the only fields where greeks have far better capibilities.now with s-400 agreement and hisar systems turkey will also be better in this field ) . 
   bruh , turkish army is weaker than you think . 
  it is also stronger than you think . 
  turkey is n't gearing upto invade greek.turkey is mostly focusing on power projection in mena and many things done by military ( chaging camo to more desertish one etc. ), 
  show this.we are in 21st century , goverment sometimes uses greece to get nationalist votes but it is mostly for internal propaganda.both countries are also in nato ( a war did n't happen in 90s and it would n't now ) . 
  edit : typo, 
  i explained to you the diffrences and gave you examples.it is a different thing.turkey would n't say anything to greeks or other neighbours buying aa systems . 
  that situation in cyprus is different than this ( for turkey back then it was different since the cyprus issue was bigger than now and greek-turkish relations were very bad ) . russia deployed s-400 in syria few years ago while nearly all of turkey 's neighbours have or plan to buy aa systems ( which turkey did n't say anything ) . 
   oh because you need a s400 for fighting the pkk ? 
  having aa to protcet yourself does n't mean you are doing it to attack people.nearly all countries in the area have aa systems while turkey is using old aa systems.to fix this issue turkey is investing a lot to aa systems , devoloping her own aa systems ( hisar systems , korkut systems ) and negotiating with russians to buy and maybe produce s-400 . 
   who are you kidding . 
  this is pure for invasion tactics against balkan countries . 
  nearly all of turkey 's neighbours have aa capibilities while turkey uses old systens atm.turkey needs aa systems to fully protect itself . 
  it has some mistakes when it comes to number but overall it seems ok . 
   the second invasion ( the one that resulted in the partition of the island ) was mostly them being cunts first invasion was needed and justified.second invasion was needed ( since turks only captured a very small area and ethnic killings countiued ) but not that much justified.there were also bad decisions made durong the second invasion worst decision was turkish junta ( which came to power afted 1980 coup ) creating trnc.turkish civilian politicians created federal republic but creation of trnc made it very hard for them to negotiate.also the idotic turkish-greek relations and the conflict in agean fucked cypriots and ruined relations.now there is still conflict in agean but as much as 90s and turks and greeks are rivals not enemies so talks have a great potential . 
   that being said the the first invasion was completely justified and im happy that it took place because our junta fell yeah, 
  i also know many meslek schools are shit but instead of opening more \u0130mam hatips fixing meslek schools should be the number 1 priority ( i gave that example since it accept students with low scores much like \u0130mam hatips ), 
  sorry.it is an old habit ( i used to write on different social platforms which censored swear words ) . 
  they did this last year so they wo n't . i do n't know why but our politicians and newspapers insist on throwing shit at games by using the most ridiculus examples like `` kid beats another kid to death using a stone block because they fought in a game '' maybe try to fucking understand what made that kid that brutal instead of shitting on an mmorpg where there are 4 fucking attack animations in total ... the funnier part is while this is happening nobody gives a shit about tv shows where some people get brutally executed or killed every week ( thank fucking god they do n't ) ... 
   i still think islam , especially the martyrdom concept , is the main driving force of our military , and not our intelligence nor our weaponry . 
  the islam is part of the driving force but number 1 and by far the strongest reason is turkish nationalism ( i know many soldiers who are atheists but ready to die for turkey ) . 
  our intelligence is getting better but it is still not as good as israel or usa ( especially thanks to erdo\u011fan 's mistakes ) . our weaponry is an important factor.as i said we produce vast majority of our weapons so we are n't dependent on people and unlike iran we cooparate a lot with countries while doing it and get a lot of technology from them so we produce better technology cheaper . 
   and to be honest the west 's promoting our forces as `` top notch '' is just kind of flattering our people to sacrifice themselves for nato , as it happened in korean war , to keep their gates/europe at bay . 
  i do n't think anyone in the west ( leader wise ) is promoting our force as top notch.as i said turkey is a strong country ( an important regional power ) and has a strong military can defend itself against strong powers but our military is designed to protect ( i am talking about literal protection not the `` protecion '' in the american sense.american military is desinged for long distance power projection and their military spending and weapons show that while for taf protection and short distance power projection is number 1 priority and we started increasing our long distance power projection in the last 5-10 years but are still way behind strong militaries when it comes to that . we are a lot better when it comes to short distance power projection but still not as good as usa or other strong nato militaries . 
  also one important factor is turkish people sacrifisng themselves for nato does n't really made more turkish people love nato.funny thing is turkish people generally like south korea and koreans due to korean war but same war also made more people dislike usa . 
  no.there is still war in syria but there are n't currently and conflict in the areas they go but this does n't mean they can go and live there.i do n't like refugees beign in turkey ( and other countries ) and want them to return after the war ends but syria is still a war torn country where many services do n't exists.usually very old people do n't care about it since they know to live with it but young people do n't and do n't want to die/get drafted/get kidnapped.the eid is an important holiday for muslims but the main reason why they are going there is to visit their relatives . 
  turkish-saudi relations were always bad.both turkish politicans and turkish public hate the saudi throne ( house of saud ) but do n't say it publicly since they control meca and saudis also balance the power in mena ( undermening iran influence etc. ), 
  without turkey having to try to do it ( turkey does n't hate iran and does n't have much problems with it but iran and turkey were pretty much always rivals for hundreds of years.saudi 's damaging iran influence gives turkey more advantage since they work with both sides with knowing other side would n't be so strong ) . 
  turks thought fsa was good enough to protect tanks on the field but i was n't and isis did many hit and run attacks.turks realized this and started using more defence for their tanks ( they were already devoloping active protection system and were building news tanks with reactive armor but after this they also started upgrading their older tanks with reactive armor ) and set up more defences around them to protect them.at the last months of the operation ( since the operation ended 5 months ago ) the number of tanks isis hit dropped a lot ( it nearly stopped ) and the number of killed crew became close to 0 thanks to new armor beign deployed ( m60ts really proved it self to be a great upgrade ) . 
  turkey have military tactics for tanks but underestimated isis ( which was a very stupid mistake especially considering the fact that it was made by a country that is fighting against pkk 's ieds , suicide bombs and carbombs since the 1984 ) and overestimated the fsa ( which did the mozt fighting while turks supported them.turks rarely did all the job themselves and when they did it was mostly to capture/kill isis emirs which they did very sucessfully.after the operation turks started training fsa themselves after seeing their performence.i still do n't understand why they did n't do that in first place ... ) . 
   saudi 's military budget is 4-5 times that of turkey , their military significantly better equiped , i doubt they 're very impressed by a few turks . 
  saudis nearly buy all of their arms from other countries ( turkey produces most of it and is very self suficient in many aspects when it comes to military ) and do n't have a military tradition.their training and patriotism also comes no where near the turkish soldiers.turkish economy is larger than saudi one and turkey produces a lot while saudi 's are dependent on oil a lot.neither saudi nor turkey can invade each other ( because both countries do n't share a border and is far away fron each other and turkish army is designed to protect to country from an invasion and ca n't project that much power to that area to defeat saudis ( i am pretty sure iran would be happy with working with turkey , pakistan , syria , iraq and somolia which all are angry at saudis many closely cooparate with each other.also combined all these countries are times stronger than saudi 's and their allies combined which would further alienate saudis ) and their allies for now ) . saudis ca n't take a risk that big because it would alienate pretty much everyone and they will be left with poor egypt who is having a lot of economic problems and with other gulf countries ( some of them also ca n't afford to alienate turkey so they wo n't ) who heavly relly on turkish made armored vehicles and ammo in their military campaings . 
   turk here , turkish army is just overrated , our main feature is lots of men of which death erdogan are not so much interested in . 
  turkish armed forces is kinda over rated because people think their main objective is to attack countries but their main duty is to protect turkey instead of attacking countries and the armed forces are desinged to fit that role . 
   as to advancement of weaponry , we are waaay back than the western countries . 
  no we are actually not.we are mostly part of weapon programs with western countries ( f-35 ,400 m etc. ), 
  and our own weapon programs are on par with western standarts ( we do cooparate with western countries a lot during the devolopment ) . we also export it to other countries while competing against western weapon ( especially the armored vehicles are liked and exported a lot ) . the armed forces ( all branches of military ) is going under a new modernization at the moment actually.boots , camo , rifles are beign replaced by better ones while new tanks , helis , uavs , ugvs , planes , howitzers , ships etc. 
  are beign produced ( sometimes by cooparation with other countries ) and older ones are beign upgraded . 
   it always surprises me why turkish army is classified as `` top notch '' . 
  people put taf top notch because you have to look around to compare it with other militaries.turkish military is one of the strongest in the region and is self suficient in many areas which gives it a lot more advantage . 
  edit : typo edit : typo, 
  all sources on the ground are also telling the same.actually other sources are giving a higher number than this ( with pictures and videos.turkey opened a new border gate for the refugees to pass ) . last year the number was lower but now it is a lot higher after the turkey 's operation , cease fire between rebels and goverment and isis beign defeated on all fronts . 
  [ here is a picture from \u00d6nc\u00fcp\u0131nar border gate ] ( https://twitter.com/huseyinbozan/status/876217636870213633/photo/1 ), 
  i am talking about turkish goverment not people . 
  turkish people are getting more proggresive and more secular pretty much non-stop since the last 200 + years and are countiue doing so.akp is actually damaging it with its policies but still people are getting more and more secular and proggresive . 
  - i explained why people vote for erdo\u011fan in this thread.voting for him does n't mean you ca n't be secularist . 
  - 54 % of 18-25 yo people ( which is the highest vote for no among the age groups ) voted no so it is actually the opposite ( the highest yes number came from 65 + yo with 59 % yes ) . 
  edit : erdo\u011fan wanted yes to win while chp wanted no to win for people who do n't know much about the referandum . 
  step 1 - let some poeple like alperen ocaklar\u0131 make threats against rally and do n't arrest them . 
  step 2 - cancel the rally citing the security reasons and threats ( which can be solved if you arrest or detain them but nah ) . 
  step 3 - get karma from erdo\u011fan step 4 - profit ? 
  nope it is opposite.the young people are getting more secular and are more secular than old people ( due to globalization , internet and other things.the polls also show it.this is n't exlusive to turkey it is happening nearly in every country ) . for example i know people who want sharia and are hardcore akp supporters and some of their children do n't wear head scarf and dislike akp ( their children are mostly nationalist who also dislike bah\u00e7eli and want a better mhp ) . 
  some western and `` yetmez ama evet '' ( we call these libo\u015f in turkey.they are not normal liberals but blind and somehow give chance to every st.pid guy ) journalist litterally did that and called akp and erdo\u011fan very proggresive ( despite opposition screaming the opposite.they called opposition paranoiac but now they are anti-erdo\u011fan . it is very ironic ) . 
  edit : it seems like i was n't clear enough.i am talking about akp goverment, 
   is this only in imam schools ? 
  or are all schools imam schools now ? 
  did religion classes not exist before ? 
  religious classes exist since the 1980 coup.you can go to principal and give him an offical request to be not included in those classes and you wo n't be but most students do n't do it since it is an easy class and increas overall academic points ( if you make that request that class gets excluded from your academic papers so you do n't get those easy points ) . 
   okay , it seems not all schools are imam schools . 
  so some schools get converted to imam schools . 
  the curriculum swaps other classes for islamic lessons ( or is there only islamic lessons ? ) . 
  and the governement encourages visiting these schools . 
  first of all i want to explain something.recently a \u0130mam school shared some sign that said `` you will get more chances at entering army and police if you choose us '' but there is no offical announcement or something like that.it might be some dirty trick to accept students during the interview process with the help of it ( which is not unheard of but as i said i am not sure ) but as i said nothing offical or any announcement . 
  akp is building a lot of imam hatips and converting some schools to \u0130mam hatips.afaik if those converted schools have a lot of students they get a new school ( it is same but a new building in a different spot ) if they have few students those students are sent to different schools according to their academic points . .  are they being teached by imams or why the name ? 
  they are beign teached by normal teachers ( akp actually sent very good teacher to some of them to get more people choose it.it is trully duscusting ) . 
   is this sharia law thing only for these imam schools ? 
  religious class is mandatory ( i explained how you can not go into it in my other comment ) . for noe wr do n't know what is in the book ( there is n't a book atm ) and what will the subjectd will be.we only have some topics so people are making guess acording to them.i do n't know anything about those topics so ca n't inform you sorry . 
   and then i still do n't know if these schools are like christian schools in my country and if the religion classes are like the ones i attended . 
  i explained how these schools work in my comment check that to compare ( i think you already did ) . 
  i personally think meslek schools are 1000times better than these ( ofcourse there are better schools but meslek schools accept people with similar points ) . if you really want your kid to know more about religion send him/her to state 's courses instead of ruining his/her life by forcing her/him to do stuff for your personal gain . 
  np.i will also answer your other questions . 
   they voted him in and supported him again and again . 
  world 's most powerful country elected a clown and his party as the president.he also did n't rig elections , controlled all of media like erdo\u011fan . 
   the people who did n't support him are mostly people which have even more fringe views than him . 
  ... are you sure we are talking about the same country ? 
   we need to stop thinking that the turkish hipsters we see on vice are anything but a tiny minority that is n't representable for turkey at all . 
  what?you do realize majority of turkish people support secularism right ( even higher % of young people ) . 
  also people you call `` hipsters '' are not like you think and fight for their democracy and counrry by protesting . 
   some time ago turkey did make progress and was on a track towards the eu . 
  but that changed obviously . 
  goverment is different than people . 
   they were just masking how they actually felt . 
  no it is n't . 
   they always wanted a shariah state and now that they are finally free to pursue it do everything they can to make it happen . 
  - nobody is bringing sharia - support for sharia is 7 % -13 % ( which are mostly very old people ) so no we do n't want it as you claim . 
   turkey is not in europe and not with europe . 
  turkey is europe and with europe.stupid actions does n't make a country non-europe . 
   what does that mean ? 
  all teachers are imams ? 
  or children get educated to be imams in school ? 
  let me explain it.there are 2 type of \u0130mam schools.anatolian \u0130mam and \u0130mam.in both schools you get all lessons others get and teachers are normal like the other schools ( sometimes better since akp sent some of the best teachers to these school and gives them a lot of fund ) in anatolian \u0130mam hatip you get normal classes ( like all other high schools get ) as much as other high schools and you also get some religious classes ( because of this these schools end later than other schools.for example normal schools end like 3.30-4 .00 pm these schools end 5.00 pm etc. ) . 
  the other version is normal \u0130mam schools ( hatips ) . in these schools you get normal classes + religous classes but normal classes are less than other high schools ( for example if in normal schools you get 3 hours of biology but in these it is 2 ) and schools ends at normal hours . 
  basically it is kinda waste ... if you want your kid to know more about religon just send him/her to free courses state gives ( which are a lot more than religious classes by the way.there is a lot of different stuff like boardgames , basketball courses etc. 
  ) . most of the people who go to \u0130mam schools go there because it gets a of fund and it accepts students with very low scores.the worst part about these schools is they enter the same exam with other schools but other schools have a lot more advantages ( meslek schools give people education about machiner etc.you get a degree when you finish it but you can also work harder then enter a university then can be an engineer.fen schools give mostly science education and are the best schools out there.anadolu schools are 2nd best schools and give normal education + good foreign language education.normal schools are ok they give normal education.there are few other more but those are too spesific ones ) which makes it harder for \u0130mam schools students . 
   mandatory religious classes are bad anyway , but i guess i would have to know more about how stuff is tought there . 
  yeah.i tried to explain it i hope i was good enough . 
  easy let me explain it - he basically controlls media - he controlls pretty much all of diaspora .
