  demieta\u015f and hdp lost their chances when they left their turkey 's party slogan ( they never had a chance to be the goverment but they had a chance to get 14 % ) . the important part is they are needlesly idealist.only chp and akp have meh or good projects to boost the economy and other things while hdp 's and mhp 's are mostly just dreams . 
  demirta\u015f is in jail for supporting pkk ( which is not very true ) but the worst part is erdo\u011fan supported pkk even more than him and erdo\u011fan did n't get punished . 
  goverment is currently rebuilding those areas but there is still a long way to go.still an earthquake in istanbul would be very very bad for all of turkey . 
  `` most arabian '' [ triggered ] ( http://images.beyazgazete.com/haber/2013/11/10/20131110_ataturk-un-vefatinin-75-yili.jpg ), 
  istanbul has more acess to services than any other city but there is n't a huge difference.if something exist in istanbul 90 % the time it also exist in ankara ( if melih stops f.cking it ankara could be a better place but `` build more robots !!!! '' ), 
  and izmir.in the past it was worse and there was a big difference but since 2000-2010 even the cities in the east are now ok . 
  - military took over the country which caused people to move to big western cities ( also left and right were clashing im the streets and american-turkish relations were very bad because of cyprus issue.after the coup clashes stopped and turkish-american relations got better.also pkk started its military activities which resulted in people leaving the combat zone for big cities ) . 
  - turkey started to become more liberal and economy changed which resulted in huge growth in big cities like istanbul , ankara and izmir.as the economy and industry grew in the western turkey many people from eastern turkey migrated to those cities ( goverment started gap project to increase the wealth of the south eastern turkey but it is a very big project and it takes a lot of time.some cities got a lot richer but it is not completed yet ) . 
  - istanbul got every services before any other city so it also helped ( some mega projects boosted the cities economy ) . ankara also had a huge population increase but istanbul is more livable and had more jobs so more people choose istanbul . 
  * areas, 
  some are very important ( like rebuilding project and the pipeline ) but some are n't that much.goverment invest a lot to these projects because they get them votes but more projects in central and eastern turkey would be great for the future ( they decided to invesnt billions with to eastern turkey with a promising project but there has to be more of it ) . 
  istanbul is a huge city with 15 million population and 300 billion dollars gdp . 
  goverment invest a lot to istanbul because they get more votes instantly and it also boost the economy very quickly ( for example goverment decided to invest to south eastern turkey with gap project.now set is richer and projects centre \u015eanl\u0131urfa has a huge economy , population and growth and it is also a majority pro-gov city but it took them 20 years to make it ) . 
  so it is mostly about votes, 
  they forgot to mention 2 important ones ( maybe because these are n't exactly mega projects but they are still huge ) - energy projects ( 3 new nuclar power plants and new dams ) - huge invesments in the eastern turkey ( they choose few main centres for the project.each region will get a different invesments which will boost their economy.chp also had a great project called `` merkez t\u00fcrkiye '' but sadly they were n't able to form a coaltion ) . 
   our leaders need to publicy warn erdogan and his isis supporting army 1-turkish army is not erdo\u011fan 's army 2-turkish army is not supporting isis.they are actively fighting against isis in syria with fsa and captured 2000km ^ 2 of land ( thousands of refugees returned to those areas ) from isis . 
   and of course , this should be publicy announced by poland and austria , who already humiliated the turkish land grab ambitions some time ago . 
  yeah great idea.great turkish war ended centuries ago but since than poland was partitioned ( which was not recognized by ottomans ) , ottoman empire collapsed , austria lost most of her land and millions of things changed.still thinking like you are in 17th is just sad . 
   i remember an posted article here about how much the ottomans hated the wahhabis . 
  but i forgot why . 
  there are many reasons the most important of them are - they started many rebelliouns which was bad for ottomans ( mehmet ali pasha which was the defacto leader of eypgt had to crush some of them which made it worse for ottomans ) . 
  - ottomans were n't hardcore muslims.they did n't really care about what you belive if you kept paying taxes and they did n't really enforce a strict way of islam to muslims but wahhabism is a lot more extermist than ottoman 's islam.sufism and alevism was very popular in ottoman empire and it is still very popular in turkey.most of their religous activities include singing and dancing ( they are still muslims but pray in a different way.alevism is a combinetion of islam and tengrism ) which is considered haram by wahhabist.this kind of extermist got support from uneducated rular people which was very bad for ottomans . 
  1-turkey and greece wo n't go to war . 
  2-us and other big nato members would solve it if it gets serious . 
  3-both country might get sanctioned which will force them to make a peace deal . 
  it is easier to revese if you make your statements on social media.akp pms and members always make 180 after sometime so this way it is easier for them . 
  they did n't attack greece because it was stupid and both sides know it.the funny part is akp calling someone coward lol.those admirals were more brave than the all akp members combined . 
   oh no , might they become a religious dictatorship i wonder ? 
  the problem with people like erdogan is that at some point , the strategy to spite your face by cutting off your nose has diminishing returns on its shock value . 
  at some point , people who formerly held some empathy for you just do n't care any more . 
   i supported turkish accession to the eu a few years ago . 
  these days are over . 
  i have no quarrel with the turkish people , but the turkish government is a friend on paper only . 
  aside from nato , we 're business partners in a shady economy at best , and business partners in that line of work do not behave unless you have something they want . 
  turkey does n't want eu accession any more , so we need something else to make the turkish government respect * our * laws . 
  you are thinking as a person not as a state.spying on your allies publicy will just cause more problems and turkish people will never forget it.erdo\u011fan will go eventually but people wo n't forget that . 
  for example turkey wanted to send soldiers to cyprus in 1964 ( it was a bluff.they actually did n't want that and they knew us would stop them.they just wanted to show they are serious ) president johnson sent a letter to turkish goverment which shocked public and caused anti-americanism to rise ( letter basiclly said if you do that we wo n't protect you from ussr and we do n't allow you to use our weapons ) few years after that 6th fleet came to turkey.when they were brothels turkish university students beat them , paint them in red then threw them in to sea.in 2003 american soldiers arrested turkish soldiers in s\u00fcleymaniyah , iraq and then put bags on their heads since then turkish students are put many bags on the heads of american soldiers and many tried to do that . 
   you do n't need to hide your navy if your ports are less than a 100km from a potential combatant 's coast . 
  it 's sufficient to make the planning , and execute certain planning . 
  to know what that planning might be in more detail can be invaluable information , whether your enemy is an actual or only a potential one . 
  dude turkey and greece are both in nato ( both countries do training with nato and work with eachother ) do you really think that turkey would try to attack them?both countries will try to piss eachother off but they wo n't start a war . 
   other than that , the old `` we 're only building up our military for defense '' is as ridiculous as it sounds . 
  not even the civ ai falls for it , so why should we ? . 
  ofcourse they are not only doing that for defence but they are not building forces to attack greece.they are slowly moving their forces to eastern border and most of new military projects are mostly desinged for those conditions . 
   when is it not ? 
  in any case , specific intel is useful for specific tasks . 
  i am pretty sure it would be great for future german-turkish relations and it wo n't cause problems ... ( this would push turkey further away from europe ) . 
   if we would know more about the seriousness of turkish assertiveness in the aegean , it would be easier to prepare defenses or at least separate public display from actual intent . 
  ( read my edit if you 're confused as to why we might need this ) i am pretty sure turkey already reported those to nato and if they did not it is n't easy to hide ships ( and we know there wo n't be a war between turkey and greece.some people are acting like turkey is building up forces to invade greece but in reality they are actually preparing for a war in the middle east or caucasia and building more defence weapons to defend all of their country ) . 
   secondly , turkish might be involved with isis . 
  it might be nice to call them out on it , or at least be able to threaten them with it , should they threaten us ( for example with ending the migrant deal , as they have done before ) . 
  few years ago turkey did n't care about people who crossed their borders because they wanted to overthrow assad but as years passed they slowly realized it will cause problems.in 2013 an isis attack killed many civilians in hatay and same year isis threatened turkey.turkey is bombing them since 2014 . in summer 2016 turkey entered syria with armed opposition to clear terrorist organizations from the the border.they cleared 2k km ^ ^ 2 land from isis and still fighting against them in northen aleppo.they are currently fighting to capture al-bab which is the last major isis stronghold in northen aleppo . 
  when those trails happened gulenist and akp purged many soldiers but western media did n't potray it much because they saw it as a democratic ( ! ), 
  step for turkey.also it happened during the time when western media was potraying erdo\u011fan like a great muslim leader who is the role model for moderate islam.so i do n't remember it you are right . 
   it 's not about nato , it 's about eu . 
  if your country had a war with a eu country nato is obsolete for us and we become enemies . 
  unfortunately !, 
  : '' ( only eu country turkey might fight ( which is very unlikely ) is greece and we know this wo n't happen.both countries will claim stupid shit and act stupid but they wo n't fight.so do n't worry at max it would be like ww2 ( where turkey was neutral but had important relations with both sides ) . 
  turkey has a strong navy and they are increasing its size and modernizing it at the moment so you are right but still turkey is a nato ally ( they are just trying to be more neutral ) . they wo n't attack greece or any other nato country but they wo n't also attack russia if nato starts the agrresion.so relations might get bad but still turkey wo n't be the enemy . 
  well both sides sent a fleet and sfs and helicopters ( and one helicopter crashed 2 greek soldiers died for this stupid shit ... rip ) and nearly started a war so sending an army is still better . 
   the abysmal performance of turkish units in syria makes one wonder if this ` coup ' has had a serious affect on the capabilities of the turkish military . 
  i 'm guessing that the professional aspect of the turkish army has been purged recently for more politically reliable yesmen and those more connected to the ruling party . 
  - military lost a lot of power during ergenekon trials even more than the coup.it will take few years for military to get back in its old form ( some soldiers purged during ergenekon trials and retired soldiers returned but it will take time until they get back to their normal form ) . 
  - their performance is n't abysmal.they are trying to avoid combat in syria and rebels are not very good so they are advancing slowly ( nearly all of turkish casualties are caused by svbieds , atgms and mortars not in direct combat ) . 
   a military organised around familial connections and political affiliation tend to be pretty fucking terrible . 
  - what?taf is n't orginised around familial connections.some political movements in the military have some power but in the end they try to avoid politics as much as they can ( many kemalist soldiers supported erdo\u011fan during the coup not because they love him but because they do n't want a coup espically by gulenist ) . 
   so i 'm not wrong . 
  as i explained turkic people lived in central asia including mongolia and most of the turkic people who came to anatolia lived in western central asia ( todays turkmenistan ) before they moved to anatolia.so it is central asia not only mongolia . 
   first of all mongolia is in central asia , yes?does it mean all of central asia is mongolia ? 
   secondly the turkish people came from the altay mountainrange , where modern kazhakstan mongolia and russia are . 
  first turkic people lived in a region extending from central asia ( which is sometimes reffered to as turkistan ) to siberia ( including todays mongolia.the capital of many turkic states were in mongilia ) . they slowly moved to west and then moved to anatolia ( during seljuks ) . 
  then turks sent special forces to west islet and planted their flag ( so turkish flag on the western one greek flag on the eastern one ) . 
  central asia not mongolia . 
  if anyone wonders this happened very close to anniversary of [ aegean dick mesurement contest of 1995-1996 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imia/kardak#military_crisis ), 
   100 million is just for starters in this sort of business . 
  yes it is but this is the initial amount and uk will help for engine other parts are turkish . 
   that 's not yet a final deal . 
  i would have expected erdogan to buy russian jets , but perhaps he remembered that he 's still in nato . 
  ... turkey is in f-35 project and this plane will be produced as air to air combat jet fighters with f-35s to supply turaf . 
   and how is he going to pay for it ? 
  turkey was just degraded to junk status . 
  that 'll make borrowing a lot harder . 
  they are going to produce it themselves . 
  beign downgraded does n't mean they do n't have any money . 
   but i guess he needs the jets to annoy greece . 
  well unlike greece turkey borders middle east and 3 jets were shot down by turaf and syaf since the start of the syriancivilwar ( many helicopters and planes were also shot down by rebels ) . since the 2000s turkey is slowly changing her military focus to the east ( they are currently in syria and they are fighting against isis in there ) . they changed their camo ( now it is more desert like for middle east and white for cold terrain ) new helicopters , tanks and apcs are desinged for hot and cold climate and they are slowly moving more equipment to east.turaf needs this jet and f-35s so they are producing it.this does n't have anything to do with annoying greece . 
  as far as i know uk will help turkey with technology transfer for engine then they will devolpe a similar engine together ( other parts are turkish ) but both countries want to increase their trade relations so uk not only got more luck for future military contracts ( there will be a lot ) but they also got better relations with turkey and both countries will get more money which is very good for them.people are shitting on her but she is doing a good job.erdo\u011fan and may wo n't be in power in 2030 ( when they will start mass producing it.they want first flight to be in 2023 ) . 
  edit : also one important side note this aircraft is only desinged for air to air combat.turkey did n't like the air to air performance of f-35 ( and they do n't have any better fighter jets.they are going to buy f-35s and also they are going to produce these ) so they started a project to supply the needs of turaf . 
  those 100m is the initial amount for the agreement and this plane is produced by turkey.uk will help for some parts they wo n't build it ( partnership started in 2015 ) . the program is expected to cost 20-25billion dollars for now and each unit will cost 100m-150m dollar . 
  edit : it seems like cost is 20-25 billion dollars . 
  that is what i am talking about.many people think it is about money but it is not it is mostly about visa . 
  i do n't really know the details but he mentioned 2 different deals one is the one we know it and other is a different deal only between greece and turkey . 
  oh i checked that number after uskumru 's post and found out erdo\u011fan said `` we spent 12 billion as goverment and our municipalities and foundations also spent that much.so we spent 25 billion for them '' ( dollar ) . 
  here is his [ statement ] ( http://www.yenicaggazetesi.com.tr/mobi/erdogan-suriyeliler-icin-vatandasik-surecini-baslattik-146551h.htm ), 
  turkey offical do n't have a coat of arms but here is a proposed [ one ] ( https://www.google.com.tr/search?q=turkey%27s+coat+of+arms&amp;safe=strict&amp;client=ms-android-huawei&amp;prmd=inv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewje3bywqoprahupyzokhacbao0q_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=511#imgrc=ckalfldypo6i4m%3a ) from 20s or 30s and here is the one ottomans [ used ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrvcd1rg_njzwvhoa6pmxkzpdrcohdxsy3qnyf-lofib-reuckgfw ), 
  i think there are 2 different deals .1 with between greece and turkey and 1 between eu and turkey.he mentioned both but only said we will reconsider the greece-turkey deal, 
  np.thanks for asking for sources . 
   you 're right . 
  i should have specified that my critique was mostly aimed at erdogan and the turkish government and not the turkish people . 
  it is ok my comment was very harsh too so sorry.erdogan and akp would n't be this succesful without europe so yeah .
