   well no , not tomorrow or anything , they use nato as leverage , just like we do . 
  but i do n't see this relationship working out on a longer timescale , so i would n't be surprised if in ten years turkey would n't be a member anymore . 
  assuming they get even friendlier with other powers or they themselves grow in status or the west loses global influence . 
  i can see that happening , hell , that 's happening right now . 
  nato-turkish relations did n't start in 2016 . there were times when things was much worse but nothing happened.as i said both sides benefit from this and will countiue to benefit so no reason to leave.turkey is gaining more influence and working with russia , china etc. 
  but this does n't mean they are going to leave nato.turkey always did business with ussr even when cold war was at its peek.turkey now wants to improve relations with other countries to increase trade and to gain more levarage against the west ( some nato countries do n't export weapons or demand very high prices so turkey tries to work with other countries instead.turkey wants technology transfer while buying weapons but most nato countries do n't accept it so turkey works with other countries ) . 
   i do n't think people assume turkey to leave . 
  but many beginn reevaluate turkey membership . 
  and this is not a reddit thing . 
  this is what you can read accross the comment sections of germans big players in the media where the demographic is much older than reddit . 
  the important will this really effect it?turkish - nato relations was very bad in 1970s but it managed to recover . 
   do we need turkey for defensive purposes ? 
  define defensive purposes.nato works with turkey to increase and protect its jnflunce in mena and counter iran or to make deals with them etc. 
   but sadly todays turkey is a bad partner . 
  pre-refugeedeal they did not fight human trafficking ( greece reports ) . 
  erdogan even threatend with human disaster if his demands were not met . 
  this is not a partner that shares our values . 
  turkey took more syrian refugees than all europe combined and many of them wanted to go to europe.europe did n't help turkey during the refugee crisis ( before the deal.after the deal they sent some money but it is very small compared what turks spend yearly ) so turkey did n't put much effort into stopping them . 
   but even if nato disregards those `` moral values '' that other members do n't seem to value so much either we got ta ask ourselves : is turkey a trustworthy military partner ? 
  isolating allied troops from ministers , their staff or journalists ? 
  triggerhappy ? 
  dangerous rhetorics . 
  short tempered ? 
  they seemingly were an is-tradepartner at some point . 
  but again . 
  other members were as bad when supporting extremists . 
   maybe our view on the nato is too positive and naive . 
  scrap `` values '' and scrap `` defensive pact '' and there you go . 
  turkey is a perfect fit amoung the others . 
  as you said values was never nato 's thing.nato and western world ( including turkey ) only cares about morals , values only when it fit thems.nato is still a defensive pact but it is n't only there to counter-russia and those countries working together at military level benefits every one of them.the negative things about turkey also applies to nato.some nato members refuse to export some weapons to us but export millions of dollars worth weapons to gulf countries ( some of them refused to give us weapons while turkey was fighting against isis ) . 
  the most important thing is as i said turkey needs nato and nato needs turkey.turkey is n't going to leave . 
   i do n't think cutting off ties is wise before moving current infrastructure to other locations like jordan or cypress . 
  ( or kurdish areas , just to be cheeky ) . 
  turkey leaving the organisation seems inevitable at this point , but why not use them for a bit longer while we still can ? 
  what?i love how some people on reddit are acting like turkey just did a referandum to leave nato and will leave soon.it is just nationalistic/domestic propaganda.turkey needs nato and nato needs turkey.turkey did n't and is n't going to leave nato . 
  or map of new netherlands territory in ~ ~ 10 ~ ~ 5 years . 
  yep m8 it is well known that all groups stalin deported were 10000000 % guilty.they even deported people who fought in red army but i am pretty sure they were also collaborating with the enemy while fighting against them ... 
   actually the turks aimed to prohibit a connection between the two ypg regions and grab land they not plan to give back . 
  in the longrun erdogan wants to establish turkmen-rebells between the two kurdish regions to deny any chances of a creation of an autonom northern syrian kurdish region . 
  please read what i said.i said role not aim.turkey 's offical aim was stopping sdf , before they connect cantons , pushing isis back and creating a safe zone in the area . 
   and ? 
  greek is unattackable . 
  they are a member of the two mightiest defensive alliance in the world . 
  nato and ( the very unknown but underestimated ) csdp . 
  greece beign unattackable does n't mean turkey ca n't be a serious threat for them.turkey is also unattackable but this does n't mean iran ca n't be a threat for turkey . 
   the one interesting fact we learned about the turkish army during their adventure in north syria in the syrian civil war is - they are completely incompetent . 
  so even if turkey would leave nato one day - they would be no serious threat for greek . 
  turkey 's role in syria was to support northen fsa and help them capture the bab city.the northen fsa was one of the most incompetent ( thankfully turks are now giving them a better training and heavy weapon ) forces in the war and thanks to political leadership they were n't given atgms.the biggest mistake turks made was underestimating the isis but other than that operation took so long because of fsa 's capibility.turks lost more soldiers to regime and russian airstrikes than they lost to isis in direct combat ( nearly every single turkish casulity was because of suicide bombers , atgms and mortars ) . you could say that `` ok i understand but these are mostly caused by politcal leadership and they will probably have similar problems against greece '' then i can kinda agree with you . 
  turkey is not going to leave nato and not going to attack greece but saying `` they wo n't be a serious threat for greece '' is just funny.turkey has 8 times the population 4 times the gdp , spend more money on defence has a lot more soldiers and military equipment than greece and are going to produce and buy more equipment and they produce a huge part of their military equipment while greece imports it . 
   what kind of rights did black slaves have ? 
  they had the same right as other slaves.i read few sources about the history of slavery in ottomans.most of it says slaves were treated ok ( because islam does n't really want people to have slaves and want people to free them ) . they had to be given an ok treatment and their owners usally freed them after some time and gave them money.some slaves were paid money and slaves were allowed to buy stuff as long as they paid for it . 
  probably that dictator thing.most likely a guy who does n't know shit about internet saw it and blocked it ( they blocked google drive in the past and unbanned it after realizing wtf they did ... that will help you see how stupid they can act ) . 
   why are you downplaying this ? 
  he 's a senior advisor because he knows this is a stupid akp propaganda and an unimportant advisors said it.a normal leader should have denounced him but i am pretty sure erdo\u011fan does n't know what half of this guy says while he is doing propaganda ( and since he has a lot of power he feeds these guys with money.he was anti-akp few years ago ) . same advisor also said erdo\u011fan is the biggest socialist and they are trying to kill him with telekinesis . 
  about half of kurds live in south eastern and eastern turkey.other half lives in western turkey ( which means that birt rates are about 6 million kurds compared to 80 million population of turkey +3.5 million refugees ) . the birth rates in turkey are about 2.2-2 .5 . kurds in the east have about 3-3 .5 children but as i said only half of them live there ( \u015eanl\u0131urfa is about 50 % -55 % kurdish other half is arab and turkish ) while turks have about 2 and turks in the east have about 3 . the majority kurdish parts of country is modernizing fast and the birth rates are dropping while many of them are getting assimilated.kurdish population in turkey is about the 15 % of the population now.it will probably peak at 18 % -20 % and stay at the same level . 
   they 're selling millions in arms to azerbaijan while supposedly being our ally . 
  security concerns are basically the only reason we were forced to join the eurasian union in the end , when eu talks for a deep and comprehensive free trade agreement were already completed in 2013 . 
  russians are just beneffiting from the situation ( they now have huge leverage om both armenia and azerbaijan ) but if russians were n't there armenia would have been over run by turkish and azerbaijani armies ( russia was the main reason why turkey did n't join the war alongside azerbaijan which would have caused armenia to lose the war ) in the karabagh war ( if russia allows azerbaijan to attack they can take karabagh with military support from turkey but russians wo n't do i t ) . 
   sure but it still then makes it not a safe place to stay for refuggees if they can be dump into the next warzone any minute because turkey does n't recognize the refuggee conventions you are misinformed.turkey accepted it only for european refugees but they accepted refugees from ex-ussr countries , afghanistan , iran , iraq and syria and host about 3.5 million refugees right now ( 3 million of them are syrians which is more than all europe combined ) . the threat erdo\u011fan made was `` we will allow them to leave '' which is not as same as dumping people.turkey stops many refugees from going to europe because of the refugee deal with europe . 
  let 's make albania albenia then / s, 
   am i lying ? 
  kurdish lnguage in turkey ? 
  all the kurdish schools have been closed , you are not up to date . 
  https://www.alaraby.co.uk/english/indepth/2016/12/28/kurdish-schools-shut-down-in-turkey few of them getting shot down does n't mean all of them are ( also these are private ones.many private and state ones are still active ) . 
   and how is having 1 kurdish course in your whole life even far from oppression ? 
  why did turkey illegaly invade cyprus to occupy the territory and cleanse greeks yet kurds have to speak turkish and women and children are being killed ? 
  what are you talking about?it is not 1 kurdish course.nearly in every single country minority children learn and get lessons in both languages because you ca n't find a job if you only got lessons in the minority language . 
   how can people become educated or raise their living standards if all they face is persecution , racism and injustice ? 
  how can you go to school when they ban your language and force you into a school where you have shout '' the one who can call themselves a turk should be proud '' ? 
  no one is forcing anyone to say those things stop lying.goverment gives kurdish education ( mainly in some schools in south easter turkey ) and speaking kurdish is legal  about 2,000 people were killed and entire neighborhoods razed in southeastern turkey in 18 months of government security operations characterized by massive destruction and serious human rights violations , the united nations said on friday . 
  most of them are militants and securit forces i wonder why did n't you mention it . 
   the u.n. human rights office said in a report on the period july 2015-december 2016 that up to 500,000 people , mostly kurds , had been displaced , while satellite imagery showed the `` enormous scale of destruction of the housing stock by heavy weaponry '' . 
  thousands of ieds were destroyed in the operation ( main cause of the turkish casuilties ) . even most hardcore pkk supporters are angry at pkk for bringing war to the cities and placing thousands of bombs in them.also un report said 300k-500k was displaced ( not only in the combat zone.combat moslty happened in towns that had a population of few dozen thousand ) . 
   i read somewhere that turks will be a minority in a real short amount of time . 
  like the kurds are out breeding them in a ridiculously fast pace . 
  and that is not true.the birth rates in south eastern turkey is high compared to other regions but only half of kurds live there ( other half lives in western turkey ) , kurdish birthrates are dropping because of urbanization and modernization and the diffrence is n't that much ( the birth rates in majority kurdish regions are about 3.5 while it is 2.5-3 for turkish regions if you count assimilation etc. 
  you can see that those claims are bs ) . 
  did you read what he said?he said  the greek and assyrian genocide are important reminders when informing others about the atrocities committed by the republic of turkey greek , assyrian and armenian genocides were n't commited by the republic of turkey, 
   stop saying this . 
  not only your people take pride in the ottoman empire , they claim that turkey is a director successor of it . 
  what are you talking about?do you realize what you say is unrelated to the discussion and makes no sense ? 
  why do you guys love albeni this much ? 
  what?a guy on the internet said those things so they are 100 % true.also the guy does n't realize the fact that most of the turks on the sub accepted it as genocide and the remaining turks say it is a massacre but ofcourse people should n't talk with turks and all turks are `` brainwashed '' . 
  the young turks were the name of the progressive group that ovethrow the sultan in the ottoman empire.they gave a lot mpre rights to minorities and let them get into the parliment.in 1913 a coup happened and three pashas took control and things went shit.the young turk movement started in early 19th century.comparing them to nazis is wrong . 
  the young turks were the name of the progressive group that ovethrow the sultan in the ottoman empire and started the 1908 revolution.they gave a lot of rights to minorities and let them get into the parliment.in 1913 a coup happened and three pashas took control and things went shit.it seems like you do n't really know who they are . 
   hitler was actually [ a big fan of ataturk ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/11/24/the-20th-century-dictator-most-idolized-by-hitler.html ) . 
  what does it have to do with it?he liked some of his policies because of the turkish indipendence war ( germany was in a similar situation after ww1 but they did n't fight and reverese the horrible deal ) . hitler also liked lot of people does it make those people bad ? 
   the soil was greek to begin with . 
  the turks/ottomans conquered it . 
  the greeks fought back . 
  the turks/ottomans massacred their population . 
  first you occupy a land , then the inhabitants fight back , and now you claim it is self-defence and a liberation because it is suddenly `` your land '' ? 
  how pathetic . 
  lol you are really pathetic . 
   lol , nice strawman . 
  i never stated you committed a genocide against kurds . 
  the amount of kurdish citizens in turkey are irrelevant . 
  what about the zilan massacre , maras massacre , the dersim massacre , the kocgiri massacre , etc. ? 
  massacre = / = genocide  you have politically marginalised and suppressed the kurds for centuries ; prohibited the use of kurdish language ; suppressed the kurdish identity and education ; and displaced more than three million kurds and destroyed more than three thousand kurdish villages . 
  first of all centuries wtf ?
