17000 gulenist ( all though not all of them are but huge part of them are ) and will be reelcted because of the reasons i listed above.he is using the coup to gain more power and he probably learnt about the coup before it happened ( some say rusians gave the intel and we know it that mit got the intel hours before the coup which forced coup plotters to move it to an earlier time ) but it was not staged . 
  he has n't jailed entire party ( 9 member all though it is unacceptable it is not the same ) . and he has n't proposed building 700 prisons.he will probably win again because there are only 2 party that can take him down.mhp and hdp but bah\u00e7eli made mhp erdo\u011fan 's side kick and hdp is n't condeming pkk , is n't forcing them to stop their millitary activities.there is a 3rd option a good conservative right wing party could take him down but electoral dam is 10 % in turkey and most right wing voters will countinue to vote for him unless an economic crisis ( many people still fear from an economic crisis like 2002 . erdo\u011fan is seen as the guy who saved country from that crisis and boosted turkey 's growth ) . 
  she is probably optimistic and she does n't want to get backlash but every country has different , great things and tourist usually visit the best places in a country.trafic is a problem but she does n't live in turkey so she does n't care i guess . 
  turks in europe usullay migrated from conservative parts of turkey.and most of them do n't live in turkey so they probably vote for him because he looks like strong leader for them . 
  a huge part of the people who went out to street were erdo\u011fan supporters but some people who knew what coups did to this country tried to stop gulenist too . 
  he got 52 % of votes in presidential elections.that might sound great but opposition had a very shity candidate and the election happened at a time when most middle-high class turks were on vacation . 
  ( for example only 74 % of the voters voted in presidential election but 85 % voted on general election ) . 
  in july election akp got 40 % but conflict with pkk restared ( hdp did n't stoped them like they should have ) and isis suiciede bombers killed many people.after that in november elections akp 's votes increased 9 % and they got 49 % . 
  `` kemalists and islamists obviously diverge on the question of secularism , but today the former foes nonetheless tend to embrace the akp-mhp nationalist front as a bulwark against the aspirations of the kurds . '', 
  many kemalist do n't support akp-mhp union because they hate akp and bah\u00e7eli is just acting like akp 's side kick.kemalist wants hpd to denounce and condem pkk but they do n't want them to be arrested.chp wanted people realise they were n't pro-pkk and they do n't have anything to hide but trying to potray it something like kemalist getting revenge from kurds is just a baseless accusation.akp is a conservative populist party and they will try to ally with everyone based on what people think.during gezi period they were allied with hdp and some hdp mps called prptesters dogs and insulted them.after the coup erdo\u011fan tried to gain the votes of kemalist , secularist ( they were never able to get any votes from them since 2002 elections ) but he failed.after 7 th july elections he tried to get nationalist votes it worked but after the failed coup attempt he is trying to gain even more votes and it is working . 
  becuase saudi arabia is a us ally . 
  ok than but i posted it because these kind of attacks increased ( pkk related conflict in europe ) . if it happens again i ll try to find a source explaing that increase.thank you for everything . 
  their ads are ussualy weird ( like this one ) . they imitate some projects and they give a lot of promises . 
  wtf is that ? 
  turkish rebuplic was founded in 1923 and when reforms started many people rebeled.and turkey lost a lot while trying to stop them ( due to shiekh said rebellion turkey gave up its claims for mosul and kirkuk ) . because of that turkey used a lot more force than needed.you are talking like atat\u00fcrk just said go and kill them but in realty local kurdish tribes did n't want to lose their authority and did n't obeyed goverment 's orders , stoped paying taxes.governers complained and army came to suppres rebellion.they used a lot of force but loses because of rebellions damaged turkey a lot and they did n't want it to happen again . 
  they were mostly servants and plantation workers . 
  ( ussualy they were freed in 8 year or when they are old excluding jannisaries ) galley slavery meant a painful death so galley slaves were criminals or captured enemies . 
  many love him and nearly all of the country respect him ( % 75 maybe ) . depends on the crowd but mostly they would disagree with you.and turkish people generaly do n't like it when a foreigner talks about turkish politics . 
  what?do you realy think all slaves were sex slaves ? 
  yes they did for punishment . 
  many of them fled when turkish armies approched ( opposite of balkan wars ) and some were killed by turkish revolutionists ( kuva-i milliye ) and greek speaking population mostly left with population exchange ( many turkish speaking muslim greeks left greece during that time too ) . 
  during indipendence war of turkey mustafa kemal fought against ottoman empire so it is kemal 's turkey . greece tried to advance into anatolia and failed.after that failed occupation many greeks were killed and left turkey . 
  for a while it was great for empire.more dev\u015firme in importang positions less revolts from turkmens . 
  it was bad but it was a lot different from american slavery . 
  ottoman empire was like roman empire step1-gain some land step2-tax that land step3-collect food from that land step4-use that land as a trade route step5-repeat the proces step6-profit ? 
  you ca n't expect an empire like ottoman empire to just stand there without gaining any land and many other empires fought against each other during that time . 
  anatolia was ( still is ) a bridge between civilizations.so genetic diversty is very high . 
  patl\u0131can ( eggplant ) dolma is the best dolma . 
  yeah let me pack my bags and return to central kebasia :( . 
  wow nice.in turkey we prepare a sauce from mant\u0131 's water.do you guys just eat it or do you have any diffrent sauces for it ? 
  note : this is / u/nextinction 's ( thank you ) post i just reposted to to / r/europe with his premission . 
  they probably forgot it.by the way if they add a lot of spices to your kokore\u00e7 it probably means it is n't very clean and it tastes like shit . 
  where are you from?uzbekistan ? 
  hindi . 
  ( and india is hindistan lol ), 
  wtf is that mii kinda thing on the upper left ? 
  here is a higher quality image http://i.hizliresim.com/nezaln.jpg, 
  tak ( a kurdish terror group ) took responsibility . 
  http://anfenglish.com/kurdistan/tak-claims-responsibility-for-the-recent-bombing-in-amed other sources in english, 
  there were 3 caliphates 1 in turkey and 2 in northen africa ( i am not sure about this one ) when turkey replaced it with diyanet . 
  in ww1 ottman empire declared jihad and called the muslim world to fight agsinst allies.and even most arabs ( which were under ottman rule ) did n't . and after that arabs sided with allies ( which were christian ) against ottoman empire ( which were muslim ) . so it was n't as infuluential as you think . 
  1-dev\u015firme system : there were a lot of dev\u015firmes in important positions.which is great for oe because - dev\u015firmes are not turks so they ca n't claim the throne - dev\u015firmes are well trained and good at their jobs . 
  2-eyalet system : ottoman empire had many eyalets in it ( like 50 states of usa ) it made ruling different regions easier and it prevent a total collaps in the empire ( after ankara war ottoman empitr lost a lot of power and terretory in anatolia but european side ( rumeli beylerbeyli\u011fi ) stayed powerful . 
  3-timar system : some people were given land instead of salary and with money from that land they trained sipahis ( cavalry ) , proteced local people and dealt with their problems.it made ruling those areas easier . 
  4-prealering people for ottoman rule : vassals controled some newly captured terretories this slowly put people under ottoman rule and when they were ready ottoman empire fully captured those regions . 
  edit : fixed some mistakes . 
  it was n't they replaced it with diyanet ( religous works ) even with all those conservative goverments turkey is still one of the most secular country in islamic world . 
  100 soldires from diyarbak\u0131r airbase were arrested but 50k soliders were sent to border . of course 50k soliders are probably there to save es if fsa fails.and main supplies for es comes from gaz\u0131antep and a lot of armor are transported to that area.as i said it is just rumour but there are a lot more soldires and armor than usual ( probably for a b plan ) . 
  people do n't care about cycling woman in ankara ( except for some shitty parts ) but probably because of the cold weather , asshole drivers and general grey mood of people ( of course lets not forget shitty roads thanks melih ) people rarely use bikes.i do n't live in \u0130zmir but it looks like a lot more people use bikes there . 
  i think it is not only for women but adults in general.most people i know just use it for sports on weekends but i do n't know any adult who uses it to go somewhere . 
  ( i live in ankara by the way ), 
  conflict was there since 80s but turkish army never deployed that much of armor and personel ( i think most of them probably there to save euphrates shield if fsa fails ) . before euphrates shield there were similiar rumours and they turned out to be true so there mights be an offensive against sdf if they get to close to al-bab or capture it . 
  a lot of arab tribes escaped to turkey so those 1700 are from arab tribes that are in turkey . 
  ( of course it is just a rumor but a lot of millitary personel and equipment are being sent to se turkey ), 
  there are rumors about turkey training arabs from local tribes to capture majortiy arab regions in northen syria from sdf.same sources said operation will happen in november . 
  i do n't think turkey cares about the cash because we already spent 20 billion dollars and only got a little part of that 3 billion euros but turkey probably wo n't open its borders because it would create a lot of problems and it will damage turkish-eu relations ( eu is our largest trade partner ) . it seems like turkey is trying to use refugees to force eu in to accepting turkey 's demands . 
  1913 is far from revolution it is a coup but as i said period between 1908-1912 was more democratic and it actually gave minorities more rights but then with 1913 coup progresive goverment was overthrown and cup took all the power and things went shit . 
  1913 not 1908.1908 was a revolution it failed in the long term but it still gave more democratic rights to minorities and brought back constution . 
  calling gulen moderate does n't make him good.many people who do n't know the situation in turkey thinks he is better than erdo\u011fan but they are same.erdo\u011fan helped gulen and his supporters to get more important positions in all parts of the state.while gulen was puring secularist from army with sledhammer and ergenekon cases erdo\u011fan did n't do anything and even supported them.gulen and his supporters approached people and offered them a better chance ( if you do n't have enough money for school we will help you , if you do n't have any place to stay we will help you , we will help you to get a job in state ) it seems great until you realise what they want in return ( sometimes spying on your supperiors or helping his people to get in to more goverment positions ) . a lot of people in turkey had to leave millitary , millitary schools because they were n't gulenist and again erdo\u011fan did n't care because he had good relations with gulen and him taking army over would mean there would n't be a millitary to stand against him.after corruption cases they started fighting against eachother . 
  edit : corrected some mistakes, 
  the reason why we nearly dubbing everthing with celebrities even with diffrent sound affects is because our film industry was n't good in the past so we started dubbing egyptian movies in 50s and more movies were dubbed more people became voice actors and dubbing became a huge part of our cinema industry . 
  oliver stone apologized about that movie.please do n't judge countries with movies that did n't even stared an actor from that country . 
  more populist shit from erdo\u011fan.he knows he ca n't bring it back and even it comes back he ca n't punish coup ploters with it ( you ca n't sentece people with death if they commited crimes before death penalty was in criminal code . ), 
  population exchange , migration and wealth tax during ww2 era affected istanbul 's demoghraphics a lot . 
  for exemple thesessaloniki 's demoghraphics.https : / / en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/thessaloniki#/media/file%3asaloniki_population_graph.png . 
  edit : fixed some mistakes . 
  thank you guys.\u03b5\u03c5\u03c7\u03b1\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03af\u03b5\u03c2 ( do n't let me down google translate ), 
  and erdo\u011fan really uses turkmens to get nationalist support but he still supports kurds in northen iraq and arabs in syria a lot more than turkmens because they are sunni . 
  i understand you think natinonalism is important in turkey 's and other middle eastern countries pollicies ( it is ) but sectarianism is a lot more important it is the reason why iran doesnt have many friends in muslim world . 
  to put it together religion  sect  nationality  ideology when it comes to middle eastern politics . 
  thats the reason why so many muslim countries who ca n't get along hates israel and use jew as an insult ( especially against other sects ), 
  turkish cypriots have a diffrent culture although its very similiar it still exist . 
  turkish cypriots did n't randomly apper on the island yes a lot of them are converts but as i said it does n't matter they still consider them selves turkish and speak turkish and they were different from greeks even in ottoman times.we still have similiar traditions , words , habits with ex ottoman countries and the western turkey 's culture is a lot closer to europe then asia because of the ottoman empire and migration after balkan wars and even today many turks are genetically closer to europians than central asian turks but it all comes to definition of turkish . 
  i think you are not informed about turkish nationalisim.turkish nationalism is based on culture , language and religion not on genetics.so it does n't matter if they are geneticly greek what matters is do they consider them selves turkish.by the way erdo\u011fan is not using turkmen population , he is using sunni ( many iraqi turkmens are shia ) population and says shias will try to revenge isis attacks if they enter mosul edit : i accidenlty wrote natinoalism instead of nationalism i fixed that . 
  solar plants takes a lot of space , cost more than nuclear plants and they need sun to work.nuclear plants are a lot cheaper , efficent and if operated like they should very clean.ofcourse there are lot of problems like nuclear waste , security risk etc. 
  but it still has more benefits . 
   fair enough . 
  i do n't know if they are * more * progressive , but they seem to be on equal footing as far as their policy agenda is concerned . 
  yep they are close and both are getting better but as i said chp is luckier and getting better faster because they do n't have to worry about the dam.chp truly became socialist in 1950s and 1960s when they realized the potential after the rise socialist parties.now again in 2010s they are becoming more and more tolerative and are trying to embrace all the voters thanks to the sucess of hdp . 
   but i agree with the concerns that hdp presents itself vastly differently in the west than in the east , and i hope they do n't continue that divide just to pander to kurds . 
  i also want that to happen but unfortunately they have to.pkk 's actions are causing non-kurdish votes ( ardahan and kars are majority turkish and voted for hdp ( i am from ardahan and my own family also voted for hdp ) in 7th july but voted for akp in 1st of november because the cease fire collapsed ) and conservative kurdish votes to go to other parties so they are trying hard to not to lose anymore votes . 
   they are even more progressive than chp . 
  just because they support kurdish rights does n't mean they are nationalist terrorists . 
  hdp is not pkk ( actually pkk effects them the most with their actions ) and they are progressive but they are n't more progressive than chp.chp in gaziantep is nearly as same as chp in \u0130zmir while hdp in \u015eanl\u0131urfa is different than hdp in \u0130zmir ( majority of kurds are conservative and hdp barely passes the electoral dam so it is understandable ) . chp is also a member pes and a full member of si and has armenian , romani ( which was the first party to have it in turkey ) , circassian , alevi ( majority of turkish alevis ( which makes the overwheling majority of alevis ) vote for chp and many zaza and kurdish alevis also vote for chp ( chp was the first party in tunceli before 2015 elections and was the second party after that ) ) and kurdish pms ( they also have many pms who are descendants of balkan and caucasian muhajirs and have many members who are from other turkic communities in turkey.the hdp really fixed itself after bdp was closed and hdp actually helped chp to get better ( now chp have more pms from other ethnicities are trying to get more kurdish votes ) down but still they have many fllaws.some of their pms praised pkk and threated turkey while they made demonstration with questionable people . 
  hdp is getting better but they still have many problems and fixing some of those will cause them to lose massive amount of votes so they wo n't do it, 
  many hdp pm 's said and did controversial things and some times even supported pkk but jailing them is n't the right thing to do.many akp members also praised pkk and ocalan and they are free . 
   and lifting immunity affected who negatively ? 
  not the chp . 
  not the akp . 
  not the mhp . 
  just the hdp . 
  i think not . 
  the chp said they would vote yes but overwheling majority of the party did n't . 
  akp also threated them and said what do you have to hide . 
  what are you trying to say?chp is working with akp or something like that?hdp ( and bdp ) worked with akp a lot more than chp . 
   yes , the turkish government has been de-kurdifying the east and south-east for a very long time . 
  many arabs have been settled in the urfa and gaziantep province . 
  gaziantep is a majority turkish city and refugees go to urfa and gaziantep because they are just near the border . 
   the turkish government even imported turks from ukraine and settled them in bitlis province , which is a hdp stronghold . 
  akp got 43 % in bitlis while hdp got 49 %  can you please provide sources for that claim?many turkic people escaped to turkey when russia invaded ukraine ( those people escaped that and came turkey.would you also call kurds who came to turkey in 80s and 90s from iraq imported ? ),
