  a mini-aircraft carrier is beign built in turkish sedef shipyard ( it is beign built with license from a spanish company ) and will enter service in 2021 ( it is the part of the turkish aircraft carrier program.it is n't nuclear powered ) . 
  thanks.it does n't really make sense to downvote thwse things if someone is hating the turkish goverment . 
  0 upvotes and 50 % what?why is this getting downvoted ? 
   ethnic turks constitute around 10 % of turkish population . 
  that is not very true.turkic gene in turkish people is about 15 % -20 % and nearly all people are mixed so the correct term would be `` ethnic turkic gene constitute around 15 % -20 % of a normal turkish people '' . 
  great kingdom you got there.it would be a shame if someone helalized it ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   i think it was a ruse . 
  an erdogan plot to remove the threat that army will oppose to his plans the coup was real but it seems like erdo\u011fan knew this before it was going to happen . 
   but nonetheless , generals prove naive and incompetent if they allowed this . 
  many generals were on vacation and did n't know it was going to happen . 
   fighting real war is very different than slaughtering villages in kurdistan . 
  lol what?they are n't slaughtering anyone but it seems like you are blinded by your bias . 
   which means that you do n't have control over your armed forces . . what?a group of people in army trying to overthrow the govermment and failing then some of them escaping to the neighboring country does n't mean you have no control over your military . 
   how does that change the fact that a good amount of your soldiers and officers do n't wish to return to their country and they 'd rather seek political asylum in european countries ? 
  i kinda answered that in my comment.most of those soldiers are gulenist and some of them are innocent but think they would get punished ( which is kinda true.goverment would have fired many of those innocent ones if they had a very small connection with a gulenist organization snd it would have taken them atleast a year to get back to their post ( a teacher of mine got fired because they thought he was a gulenist but he returned after 6 months when he was proven to be innocent ) which is not nice ) . 
   you say that turkey is one of the most patriotic countries in europe - and i agree - but the fact is that a lot of people are very displeased with the country 's route and they 'd prefer not to fight because of erdogan 's whims . 
  patriotism is n't always about fighting with your country even when you know it 's wrong . 
  look at germany . 
  would you say that the most patriotic ones were the ones that were like `` hitler 's a lunatic but germany 's in war so i have to go to war against the brits , french and russians '' or the few ones like stauffenberg for example that loved their country and decided that the best way of action was not to fight the enemy without , but the enemy within . 
  patriotism does n't mean fight for your country even when it 's in the wrong . 
  many people dislike erdo\u011fan but defecting is a huge different thing which is seen as the worst thing a person can do . 
  a turkish patriot would n't defect because of his hate for erdo\u011fan . 
   and that great competent army could n't execute simple putsch ? 
  do you really think 5000 soldier ( which most of them did n't even know they were part of the coup and refused to shoot at their own people ) is all of turkish military?all factions in mitary opposed the coup except for gulenist ( some kemalist commanders called soldiers back to barracks on live tv ) . 
   they do n't have control over their armed forces . 
  yes they do  ships and helicopters went missing . 
  maybe because those who took part in the coup used those ( also not sure about ships ) . 
   officers and soldiers serving in europe in nato refuse to go back to turkey . 
  because thanks to erdo\u011fan 's stupid policies he let gulen place his people in many places and now erdo\u011fan acts like he is 10192929 % innocent ...  a large chuck of their military would probably defect to greece or other countries . 
  lol what?even during the coup only some part of gulenist took part of it while secularist , nationalist ans other groups in army refused ( despite their dislike/hate against erdo\u011fan ) and sided with erdo\u011fan turkey is one of the most patriotic countries in europe and population would support their country until their last blood during a war . 
   turkey is too unstable to go in any kind of serious war atm . 
  turkey wo n't go war there is literally no reason for that and overwheling majority of the population is against the war ( even when syrian civil war as its peak only about 15 % of the people wanted to go to war despite syria shooting down a turkish plane and nearly all turkmen groups fighting against assad ) . 
   in turkey , the mandatory military course taught in high schools by military officers remains one of the most significant sites where the interdependencies between education and defense are established and naturalized . 
  taught under different names in different periods ( military service , preparation for military service , national defense knowledge , and national security knowledge ) , the military course has been in the curriculum of high schools since 1926 . 
  currently , it is called national security knowledge and is mandatory for all students ( male and female ) in the second year of high school , regardless of the kind of school . 
  ...  the most important continuity is that the course has been taught by military officers ( or retired officers ) who get paid by the ministry of national education or the school that employs them . 
  however , neither the ministry nor the schools have any say in the choice of these officer-teachers . 
  the officer-teachers are appointed by the highest commander of the nearest garrison on an annual basis . 
  ... their qualification for teaching this course is defined solely in military terms : the most preferred category is that of staff officers ( staff colonels , majors , and captains ) , followed by other officers ranked militarily . 
  [ 5 ] ...  `` the ideal student , according to the education system in turkey , is the student who looks at the world with a nationalist mentality , who defines him or herself as ' a turk ' based on ethnicity , and who is a soldier-student , ready to fight . '', 
   presenting a paper titled `` who is a good turk ? 
  : the ` ideal ' student according to textbooks '' at the `` international human rights education and textbook research symposium '' held last weekend , assistant professor ayse gul altinay from the faculty of arts and social sciences at sabanci university , tackled this issue . 
   another important characteristic of the `` ideal '' turkish student in textbooks is being a `` soldier-student . '', 
  by extension , this ideal student , or the first-class citizen is basically a man . 
   here , military service is defined as a cultural given and students are told that they will not be of any good to themselves , their families or their nation if they do not serve in the military . 
  under this definition , military service is no longer a citizenship obligation for male citizens . 
  it is taken out of the political/legal framework , and is used in a social and cultural framework , which defines a person 's life , and his relations with his family and environment . 
   the discourse about turks being a `` military-nation '' underlies this argument and it naturalizes dying , killing and thus , violence . 
   almost all excerpts reflect a homogenous nation that represents a `` single race '' and a single culture . 
  saying there are different `` races '' within one nation is defined as `` separatism . '', 
   the general view in these textbooks is that , the turkish nation is a homogenous nation with a single ethnicity . 
  thus the books ignore the diversity in turkey and see every kind of diversity as an element of `` threat . '', 
  i love how you claimed that turkey is racist while sharing claims about a lesson that does n't exist anymore ( i also saw this few times on reddit and on this sub.considering that your accounts is 2 days old i suspect that you are the same guy who shared that stuff about 2773 times ), 
  good thing that mods deleted that thread.those threads only damage the sub . 
  nah.there are actually thousands of english posts on r/turkey . the mods on r/turkey do n't allow people to link threads from other posts and ban people if someone says something like `` let 's go to x and upvote y '' ( this is why this post has been deleted and the guy who posted it has been banned ) . 
  hmm getting warned because of a unfunny joke that does n't even trigger people : / work harder m8 . 
  most rebels supporters left that sub because the winning sides get popular in that sub ( which is normal ) . some of my informal posts , comments were downvoted ( some of my high upvoted posts are pro-sdf . when i shared a similar pro-rebel post from same source it only got half of the upvotes as the other post did ) and there are guys that spam anf and hawar 7/24 while most turks do n't spam sabah or yeni\u015fafak.i agree that some turks get triggered and downvote people but it is n't only turks that do the it . 
   turks hate europe and they also hate the minorities of their country , such as the kurds , armenians and assyrians . 
  those people are full of hate . 
  what?do you realise you wre generalising millions of people while your post history is filled with posts that includes hate against people ? 
   this is one of the reasons that the pkk exists . 
  the reasons why pkk still exists is goverment 's stupid policies and the fact that pkk destroyed their competator groups . 
  which part am i whatabouting?i never said anything like this but you are also forgetting the fact that those people were also murdered and armenian genocide does n't mean we should n't also remember them.we can remember both this does n't make armenian genocide ok . 
  what?turkey beign war does n't mean murdered civilians are justified . 
   if the greek army burnt 22 towns , the turks burnt 22.000 so i do n't see your point . 
  wtf?i am literally telling you what they did and you are telling me something did n't happen ? 
   leftovers from eastern thrace . 
  the rest ( around 200.000 ) were expelled in a mixture of pogroms , taxes and social pressure . 
  around 1.2 million greeks were part of the deal ffs even the pre-war population of greeks in eastern thrace was n't a quarter of that ( also greeks in istanbul was n't part of the exchange deal ) . 
   they went to ankara cause the turks said ankara was coming to them . 
  they invaded a part of turkey.turks said it is unacceptable and said we will fight.they tried to invade even further and got stopped then turks defated them then pushed them out of turkey . 
   no , it was not two sided except for turkish apologists . 
  during the pontian genocide ( 350k killed , many more escaped to russia ) greece was in control of 400k turks just in greece and a decade later when they were transfered to turkey according to the treaty turkey had signed , they were still there . 
  greek army killed thousands of people in anatolia and burned 22 towns/cities while retreating . 
  also them beign there does n't mean they were n't subjected to harm or anything.turkey also transfered hundreds of thousands of greeks . 
   in greece is it considered a legit war of independence . 
  in fact , it is the turkish rule which is considered illegitimate and an occupation . 
  what?most of those areas were mixed and greeks invaded because allies made them big promises.turks fought back and greeks tried to advance as far as ankara.in the end greek forces got a huge defeat and new greek goverments understood it and tried to improve relations with turkey . 
   ignoring the lack of sources , even the books which give high armenian casulities like 1.8 million accept these casulity numbers . 
   that makes how much of the total population of turks ? 
  something like 2 % ? 
  people still do n't understand what genocide means , it 's a systematic attempt to destroy a nation and the ottoman empire did exactly that by completely wiping out the armenian nation inside their borders . 
  some pr is n't exactly consolation for all the destruction . 
  i am not saying these are n't bad or something like that.armenian genocide was very bad and armenians suffered a lot.i am just saying that armenians can do good pr because of those reasons so that is why it is well known ( i am not trying to insult or anything ) . 
   and i do n't mean to disrespect any human loss on the turkish side , it 's a tragedy either way . 
  thanks.it is really sad that thousands of people lost their lives because of stupid things.i am also not trying to say that armenians were n't killed or something like that . 
   i wonder why most armenians live abroad ... because of the genocide and the karabagh war.also living standarts in armenia are poor compared to europe and usa so people just leave and go there ( that is why population of armenia is slowly getting smaller ) . 
  i know why you are asking this but this does n't really have much to do with the main topic . 
   check under `` events tab '' . i should have phrased better since it was n't kemal himself , it was his administration and followers i checked it.during then turkish indipendence war many of the soldiers were made up from local militants and many of them lost their families , friends during the invasion and fighting.most of these soldiers found local greeks guilty of the invasion so they attacked them ( which is a bad thing ) . administration could have worked harder but some of them were also thinking like that ( mustafa kemal was the leader but he did n't have much power until sakarya war ) and most local militants would n't accept orders like this.also bandits who usually attacked civilians were mostly ordered to stop rebelliouns and caught deserters so those who opposed it in administration turned blind eye to most of their activities . 
   why do people always talk about the armenian genocides but forget the other peoples that the turks have murdered because most armenians live abroad and have good positions and can organize very well.100-600k turks were also killed by armenians and russians during the armenian genocide ( 0.6-1 .5 million armenian were killed during the genocide.5-7 million muslims had to flee to anatolia in the last 200 years of the ottoman empire.to compare population of turkey was 13 million in 1924 ) so people also do n't remember turks and other groups who were murdered . 
  edit : forgot to add few numbers, 
   today marks the 2nd `` mission '' from kemal to massacre the greeks . 
  what ? 
  edit : can you please explain what did you try to say in that sentence ? 
   turkey will remain a stalwart ally of the west . 
  there might be few problems but turkey will countiue to be the ally of the west . 
   in my opinion , turkey will become the preeminent power in the black sea region allied with ukraine to combat the russian threat . 
  i do n't know how this will effect black sea but turkey is already working with ukraine and increasing relations with them.due to problems with germany , turkey wants local motors for turkish altay tanks to be ready as soon as possible and it seems like they are going to work with ukraine for this and for motors for other projects ( they are also planning to work together for other important projects ) . 
   the russo-turkish alliance is just convenient grandstanding . 
  kinda.both turkey and russia wants to increase relations with eachother ( espically economic ) which will benefit them a lot but they are n't going to be allies .
