found the godwin, 
  i do n't see what chelsea has to do with this discussion ? 
  but she 's a woman , she ca n't be part of the establishment !, 
  god had help from ancient aliens , i mean hello , wake up people !, 
  my point is that people love to put the sins of the individual onto the masses , which happens all around this thread . 
  not every protester is a rioter , not every immigrant is a money-grubbing terrorists who aims to destroy the very fabric of western society . 
  well , that 's always going to be an issue . 
  most people feel these people need to be helped , and they become squeemish when they realize they 're going to be living next to those people . 
  but there 's also the issue that it 'd be a refugee center that would house 1600 people in a township that houses 16000 people in total , that 'd mean almost 1:10 of the people in said town would be a refugee , which is very hard for the local economy to sustain properly . 
  also , people have been made scared of anything that has to do with immigration . 
  immigrants = / = rapists and extremists but i guess that would make people actual humans , and most people ca n't stomach the idea of humanising a faceless mass . 
  itt - lots of anecdotal information and unsourced claims of ` majorities ' . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/wikipedian_protester.png ), 
  knew a mate who claimed he had ` australian family ' , and as a result ( he was 100 % dutch , mind ) he spoke in the worst ( rd. 
  hilarious ) queensland accent you can imagine , completely serious too . 
  everyone laughed their asses off whenever he tried to ` show off ' his english skills . 
  man , sometimes i skim past youth shows , and the worst are the live-action shows with terrible dubbed voice overs . 
  those shows are bad to start with , and the dubs just make it unwatchable in any way . 
  also , back in the mid-90s to early-00s a lot of cartoons were still being subbed rather than dutch dub , and i learned a lot of english by watching animaniacs , batman/x-men : tas , and the cartoon network classic stuff like courage , johnny bravo , and dexter ... somewhere around the mid-00s that turned to full dubbing , sadly enough . 
  although i was well into my teens by then , and had found the magic of finding the undubbed shows on the internet . 
  watched a bad tv series that had even worse subs . 
  where a guy was swinging around a sword and the sub literally said ' [ swish swoosh swish swoosh ] ' needless to say , it was hilarious, 
  i 'm from east-gelderland near the german border , always heard and used ` mes ' over here . 
  then again , i 'm a city boy so the dialect is n't strong . 
  if you 're gon na be pedantic about it . 
  poles are not a distinctly different species compared to human , so you ca n't use xenophobia either . 
  the lad in the skull shirt is n't saluting , he 's grading his birthday entertainment to be a bit ` ehh ', 
  people not protesting = = public support , in the eyes of governments, 
  it used to have a flemish/dutch speaking majority , but over the past 40 years that has changed with the city becoming the de-facto capital of the european union , and as such many of the businesses and political institutions using french as the official language of conduct . 
  additionally historically there 's been much immigration from congo and other french-speaking parts of africa , so that has also skewed the numbers quite a bit to a french speaking majority . 
  do n't know if you could call that attack terrorist in nature , it was n't pre-meditated , and the man that committed the attack was deeply disturbed and essentially driven to kill himself whilst driving through a group of people . 
  i think we could also add 2004 - the murder of theo van gogh, 
  it is n't ? 
  brussels is its own region ( very much like washington dc in the usa ) , this due to the walloon and flanders regions being french and dutch-dominant respectively and brussels being that neutral middle ground between the two languages . 
  of course , in reality the majority of brussels speak french rather than dutch . 
  he 's el presidente , el presidente would never lie to his people in an attempt to consolidate his powers and give him near unstoppable authority, 
  you 're confusing them with the flemish , those are the adorable ones . 
   instead we built two new coal plants for god knows why . 
  money , my dear boy, 
  i think you just fixed the world 's power problem, 
  like rotting teeth , the longer you let them rot the worse the other teeth get, 
  to put it in layman 's terms ... 
  they fucked up, 
  well then you can go spend a nice day in rhyl, 
  there are 150 seats in parliament , 76 seats will equal to a majority . 
  since ww2 there has n't been a single party that has gotten enough votes to acquire 51 % of parliament . 
  so after today the biggest parties will start to negotiate and find a way to get a majority formed to rule with . 
  normally the biggest party gets the first chance to form a coalition , but of course if you ca n't get enough seats together then it falls to the # 2 or even # 3 to form a coalition , all until there 's that majority in parliament . 
  this year the race has been tighter than ever , with even the highest polling party having less than 20 % . 
  and multiple parties have refused to negotiate with the pvv ( geert wilders ' freedom party ) under any circumstances , whilst wilders has a chance to become the biggest . 
  it might become a very long coalition forming process . 
  especially if the right-leaning parties end up winning . 
  the two biggest right parties ( vvd and pvv ) have announced multiple times that they wo n't negotiate . 
  left is very fractured , but at the same time very prepared to form a grand coalition if they get the opportunity to do so . 
  for those reasons , this is turning out to be one of the biggest elections in recent history , and they are already expecting over 80 % to have voted this year . 
  we 'd prefer not to have three elections because a right-wing candidate refuses to acknowledge the validity of the write-in 's, 
   some places in amsterdam have enough ballots to cover a 110 % turnout . 
  putin would be proud, 
  the majority of the turks wo n't even know about it because he owns the vast majority of media outlets in turkey . 
  and whichever he does n't own are labeled as g\u00fclenists , criminals , and just general firebrands that get shut down on trumped up charges . 
  also , not showing up appeals to his core demographic who want to see him ` stick it to the establishment ' . 
  so it 's really a win-win, 
  i 've honestly stopped caring at this point . 
  both sides of the discussion are equally stupid in their own right . 
  and i do n't have kids or other young extended family members that give me a reason to care about the holiday either . 
  it 's just more annoying that two months of the year is reserved for an aimless back and forth discussion that politicises a childrens holiday . 
  only thing i want to add . 
  you do n't see the detractors campaigning the other 10 months of the year , they only crawl out of the woodwork when they 're guaranteed to get attention . 
  fleming : why do n't you learn french ? 
  walloon : why do n't you learn dutch ? 
  in general regarding catalans as spanish is a good way to piss off a sizable majority of catalans . 
  the same would probably happen in basque country . 
  but he 's black from the chimney soot !, 
  i think the english would be much more triggered if mentioned that the germans do n't regard them as their # 1 football rival ( they regard the dutch as # 1 ) . 
  guess who terrorizes said roads every year with our caravans and campervans ? 
  the central region of france is dominated by the central massif , a region with a lot of deep , wide , and long valleys that made transport and traffic through the region a tough affair . 
  so most traffic had to take a big detour either using the a20 from clermont fd. , or the a7 from lyon . 
  with no major route crossing the central massif . 
  central to all that was the town of millau , and the tarn river which is a river that is surrounded by cliffs and had only few real locations of which it was crossable , most notably millau . 
  which meant any traffic going through the central massif all converged on the small town . 
  the french eventually decided to change it and build a motorway through the central massif , with the biggest piece being the millau viaduct that crosses the entire valley and the river in one go , relieving all the congestion of the town and adding a brand new ( straight ) route from paris to the south of france . 
  / r/eu4 is leaking again, 
  the vast majority of the london metro area is also yellow , which is by far the densest populated area of the uk . 
  catalonia ( crown of aragon ) and scotland were both two independent kingdoms that formed a union with their neighboring nation . 
  around the same time in history on top of that . 
  there 's plenty of relevance when it comes to the people of catalonia . 
  do n't forget the / r/cirkeltrek starter packet , with all the tools to remove walloon and give all the opwillems . 
  well he was born in czechoslovakia , so ` technically ' he is a little bit czech ? 
  you gave the world jaromir jagr , so you guys are the best people . 
  i would n't drink that water after it 's filled with pis . 
  hue hue hue, 
  laughing is an inefficient waste of physical energy , which can be used for work instead . 
  - every german , probably . 
  being the minority never stopped us from trying in indonesia \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  there 's vomit on his lederh\u00f6sen already . 
   the original comment was made in jest , as indicated by the !, 
  ! 1 at the end of the post . 
  most people on the internet tend to use ' / s ' to indicate sarcasm/jest . 
  ! 1 was misconstrued as a typo , so i regarded the post as it being serious . 
   an entire continent   parts of the gold-coast ( slave-coast ) and for a while a part of south afrika ( cape colony ) is not really an entire continent .
