  yeah you do n't need to give me a history lesson . 
  just joking about the fact the uk and france pledged to protect czechoslovakia in case of german invasion . 
  annex sudetenland and we will be at war . 
  yeah the americans that funded terrorism on the british civilians then backed out after 9/11 when they realised they were basically funding the same attacks . 
  i 'll do as i fucking please . 
  owning a car is essential to my way of life as i live in a rural area while working in a city . 
  i would have to get up at stupid ' o clock to get to work and some days due to the time public transport runs i would n't be able to get home at all . 
  cigarettes already have plenty of restrictions put upon them but more importantly they ca n't harm others . 
  meanwhile look at a semi-automatic firearm , a device designed to cause harm to others . 
  is this kind of firepower really required ? 
  is it anywhere near as essential as a car ? 
  do people depend on semi-automatics to live their lives ? 
  they 're not needed , if you need a firearm others are available such as bolt actions or shotguns . 
  that 's a retarded argument and you know why it 's a retarded argument so stop using it . 
  truly dark times , in times like these we must come together and #prayforireland, 
  then why do you suggest enforcing your system onto our country even with the ` million other factors ' ? 
  we have excellent police training and for the most part an unarmed populace , guns simply are n't required here . 
  not every country has the same toxic gun culture as the us . 
  s'pose , but why then does it almost never happen in the uk then but happens every other week in the good ` ol usa ? 
  ever consider your system might be worse ? 
  implying having a gun makes you fucking omniscient . 
  at the end of the day if i wanted to stab somebody no matter where i was i dawm well could it does n't matter if police are armed or not . 
  well it 's not like the us is installing troops in europe out of the goodness of their heart , it 's sort of a mutual benefit sort of thing . 
  the us gains a larger sphere of influence and the smaller weaker european states gain protection from outside aggression aka russia . 
  not saying it 's ideal for everyone but ultimately at the end of the day troops in europe is an american decision . 
  is military unification really something to strive for ? 
  nop nop nop, 
  maybe they keep saying it because it 's something that needs to be said before we all disintegrate into a one way circlejerk, 
   calling england britain, 
  piss on that , the government exists to serve the people and if the people want something they should get it . 
  anything else would not be democracy but tyranny . 
  the subservience is real . 
  dbs * and * samurai jack . 
  r&m was on repeat through both their timeslots . 
  the shit they pulled by replacing samurai jack with rick and morty legit triggered me, 
  i really hate to bring up the nazis because it 's what everybody does , but yeah nazis . 
  everybody agreed to some heinous bullshit there for the sake of unity . 
  be careful , what you just said there could be used to justify some heinous bullshit in the future . 
  i believe staying in the eu is just as much of a long-term decision , who knows when we 'd get another chance to leave the eu if ever ? 
  whilst i understand where you 're coming from i disagree that we should give the status quo an extra chance of winning . 
  the people had years to decide what their opinion on brexit was , if they failed to vote well then unfortunately there are no take-backsies in a proper democracy . 
  do i need to eli5 ? 
  staying in the eu would be forcing the opinion of the minority upon the majority . 
  what sense does that make ? 
  lmao wat , so when it 's the majority that disagrees with you it 's tyranny yet you 're fine with the minority calling the shots because it 's what you agree with ? 
  what do you want ? 
  tyranny of the minority ? 
  yes it fucking is . 
  that does n't matter , the whole point was obama was basically threatening the people of the uk to do what the government wanted . 
  well then it 's about time everyone realised how easily the system can be abused , hopefully trump getting voted in was the wake up call the country needed and true reform can begin . 
  well that 's your political system that 's been abused before , it only becomes an issue when ` your guy ' does n't get in . 
  well that 's your political system that 's been abused before , it only becomes an issue when ` your guy ' does n't get in . 
  i understand , but this is what democracy is . 
  if you failed to vote/change your mind it 's too late , we ca n't just flip/flop , we need to be decisive and our government is doing just that . 
  ah yeah , democracy , fuck that right ? 
  what a stupid thing to want . 
  democracy , the fact that we as a people ca n't vote the people at the top of the eu bothers me greatly . 
  the eu has a history of going against the interests of member states , see the lisbon treaty . 
  better we get out while we can . 
  trump is doing what he said he 'd do , whilst you might not like it you have to respect he 's doing what he was voted in for . 
  unless you believe all the conspiracy theories constantly getting thrown his way . 
  it 's something we 're going to have to accept and adapt to , because whether we allow them to or not the spying will continue . 
  have the people of the world to just do the opposite of what russia would like ? 
  because if we do n't big bad putin will nuke us ? 
  so when the people of a country democratically vote for something you are against you 're just going to cry manipulation ? 
  this was the opposite of manipulation , this was the people refusing what the media and the government was spoonfeeding them . 
  obama threatens to ` put us to the back of the queue ' in trade deals and you 're claiming the brexit side were the ones doing the lions share of manipulation ? 
  mate what planet are you on ? 
  everyone already knew the uk has mass spying , the government were the ones doing the spying and the result of the election was n't what they wanted . 
  that should be celebrated . 
  you 're all bloody idiots , the government did n't want brexit to happen , it happened because the people wanted it to happen . 
  we voted , that 's democracy . 
  however being on reddit for some time i 've learned it 's only democracy when it goes your way , otherwise it 's ` russians ' or something idiotic like that . 
  get out of your echo chambers and get a grip on reality the lot of you . 
  lmao , this guy . 
  so brave . 
  well it worked did n't it ? 
  maybe it 's because they have more things in common thank you think , for example the top officials for both the eu and soviet union were n't democratically elected . 
  i do n't give a fuck if he 's a good person or not . 
  you 're no better . 
  stop generalizing as well . 
  could you generalize any more ? 
  wan na know how i got these scars ? 
  stop playing games when you know exactly what i mean . 
  i think it 's dangerous to discount a group of people you disagree with as bots . 
  they exist and they can/will be able to vote . 
  i hate to use youtube comments as a source but if you ever look at putin videos you 'll even see support for him in the west . 
  you 're misrepresenting mate , i ca n't find any quotes from any members of at least this group saying that . 
  you would n't be making anything up would you ? 
  simple fact is if you turn the boats away and stop rescue operations the people would n't get on these dangerous boats to fund human traffickers in the first place . 
  rescuing them will only lead to more deaths in the long run . 
  australia turned the boats away and the boats stopped coming . 
   these far right movements are dangerous , deluded , and based on false principles . 
  and exactly what happens when the establishment is under the control of the far left who are n't any better . 
  y' know you could try to see more than black and white, 
  so brave . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  good thinking , almost as bad as depriving an irishman of a potato . 
  see ? 
  that 's some good punctuation , glad you learned something today .
