the fuck you could . 
  the name of the woman wearing the hijab ? 
  albert fucking einstein . 
  christ this is an empire thst ruled over nearly a quarter of the worlds population and could be found in almost every corner of the world . 
  it 's much more historically significant than ` they had a good navy i guess ' . 
   europe  not affected by british empire k. 
  vampires . 
  america was very much isolationist until world war one , the british empire which spanned the entire globe was the main exporter of anglo culture and is the primary reason english is the language of europe . 
  i just want to watch netflix and chill with bae . 
  the side that wins will be the side with the media bias , for proof of this see the scottish referendum . 
  * the hooves of 20,000 winged hussars can be heard in the distance *, 
  of course not you fucking twat , stop making things simpler than they are . 
  provide a proper solution to the immigration problem or otherwise shut your trap . 
  i do n't see you providing a better solution . 
  do it yourself you lazy cunt nugget, 
  ** you know what fuck this line we 're going to make our own line **, 
  go choke on a pickled herring you knob goblin . 
  still right twiddles my diddle when people refer to the uk as england though . 
  rekt, 
  [ yeah , real easy . 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/738/025/db0.jpg ), 
  if the sudden swing towards snp in scotland has n't told you anything then i 'd expect another referendum . 
  cunt . 
  honestly it 's people like you that made me vote yes in the first place . 
  why does the us and france need those weapons when the uk has them ? 
  how is this in any way similar ? 
  just because the scottish people do n't wish to put their tax money towards a super-expensive weapon of mass-destruction that we neither need nor want to use you look down on us for that ? 
  are our problems simply a nuisance to you ? 
  ** has anyone mentioned america yet ? 
  this conversation looks like it could use more america !, 
  you do n't upgrade to a kingdom or empire and yet you still control western europe ? 
  we need these laws reformed , if we collectively said no to these immigration laws they would have to be reformed . 
  would it suck to be an asylum seeker if this were to happen ? 
  yes but quite frankly it sucks to be a young spanish person or a greek . 
  there comes a point where you have to make a decision , do you care more about the well-being of your own people or do you care more about the well-being of these immigrants ? 
  i 'm afraid answering both to this question is impossible . 
  it 's one or the other . 
  it 's a shitty reality but that 's life . 
  someone has got to take the bullet ? 
  then i say the people who take the bullet should be the immigrants . 
  when we save sinking boats trying to get into the eu what message does that serve ? 
  it encourages more and more to flood into the eu . 
  we need to begin turning these boats away and return them to their country of origin . 
  if you ever take a look at many of the immigrants you 'll find one thing common : most are working age men . 
  these men came here to work in an economy that can not provide them jobs , when men can not find work they turn to crime . 
  make no mistake these people will not find what they are seeking and when they realize that they will turn to violence . 
  better to start working sending them back now rather than later . 
  so what 's your solution ? 
  countries that border the mediterranean take the bullet ? 
  no , inaction toward the immigrant crisis has gotten us nowhere . 
  we need to try other solutions . 
  in fact i encourage all eu countries to take spain 's stance , we need to see about sending the immigrants back on the boats and preventing them from entering in the first place . 
  spain does not have jobs for these people . 
  inaction is not an option . 
  do n't pull the ` moral ' card on me , yes i 'm very aware that many of these people just want a better life for themself and have no hostile intentions . 
  however it is n't a question about choice - spain literally can not take all of these immigrants and they need the power to send them back and protect their sea borders . 
  the spanish economy is unstable to say the least , many minorities are clamoring for independence , their youth unemployment is terrible and you 're suggesting that they must take the brunt of these immigrants despite their own situation ? 
  sorry but i think it 's you that does n't give a fuck about others . 
  being able to choose how you deal with your immigrants is a better solution than to let them flood in . 
  allowing a country to do what it wants with illegal immigrants is a fucking solution dummy . 
  as it is spain has a huge criteria as to what immigrants they can take in , this encourages more and more immigration . 
  allow them to do what they want and they can do whatever they want with their immigrants , keeping them is n't working so allow countries like spain to find the better solution . 
  the magic solution is allowing countries to decide their own fucking immigration policies . 
  i 'd argue spain is much more a salad bowl than a melting pot . 
  many minorities are clamoring for independence . 
  plenty of countries have proposed solutions to the problem - however they have been ignored . 
  by disobeying the eu 's immigrant quota the push for reform will be much quicker . 
  the plan is simple , we bomb the middle east again . 
  and good on them for it , the eu need to realize that this problem wo n't disappear . 
  continually taking on more and more immigrants is not a proper solution , i hope more countries take spain 's stance . 
  you 're our only hope scandinavian countries . 
  ** has anyone mentioned america yet ? 
  he 'll destroy us first the wanker . 
  the fact that the eu has been so incapable of controlling immigration and the pure fuckbasket that is greek economy means i 'm sad to say i 've sadly went from pro-eu to a eu-skeptic and i 'm * trying * to look past all these issues and to see a greater good . 
  it 's sad to say many people will not be looking to the potential of the european experiment but will focus on what obstacles it has faced and how it overcame them . 
  with the upcoming eu referendum in the uk the eu-skeptics are only getting more and more ammo for their arguments . 
  i have no problem with you guys broadening your perspectives , but what i 'm seeing a lot of is americans bringing up their country in topics that have nothing to do with them . 
  i mean jesus almost every single corner of this website is filled to the brim with american topics i 'm just a little disappointed that when it comes to talking about european affairs many americans feel the need to steer the conversation towards their country . 
  maybe my brain is just picking out individual offenders and blowing it out of proportion but maybe not . 
  i honestly feel like you lot come in here to feel special . 
  ~ ~ muyuu ~ ~ cunt fixed that for you . 
  spain has their own thing going on . 
  i think people tie it more with culture than with geography . 
  you 're making my point for me , yes scotlands voice is the largest it has ever been and it still makes fuck all difference . 
  we want a bloody voice in the political process , there are very few instances of a scottish vote being able to influence which party will be in power so essentially scotland is unable to chose what would be best for them . 
  we voted for more powers , we have yet to receive them . 
  when scotland realises it will not be getting what it was promised i can guarantee you the issue will be raised once more . 
  take the rest of the irish with you !, 
  begone foul yank back from whence ye came !, 
  `` has anyone mentioned america yet ? 
  this conversation needs more america . '', 
  then i ask what 's the point of speaking french ? 
  talk in bloody french if you want , but i do n't see why it should be translated below . 
  you talk french because it 's easier for you , not to show off your mad linguistic skillz . 
  you could always not read my comments . 
  this is n't / r/rosettastone, 
  honestly it 's not even the french speaking that bothers me , it 's that he * translated * it instantly below as to say ` look at me i can speak french ' well woopty fucking doo frenchie . 
  what 's the point of writing in french if you 're going to instantly translate it below you twat . 
  it will be the scottish referendum all over again , the government and media will pick a side and the british people will hear one side of an argument before it is time to vote . 
  why the fuck do you browse here ?
