since you do n't have a flair but you mentioned new york , is it safe to assume you live in nyc ? 
  in nyc there is this nice polish restaurant in the lower east side that i go to sometimes . 
  it has some great polish food there , and it 's always nice to speak polish with a few people . 
  that 's true , it would be harder to save that money , also eastern europe is farther away than western europe , so the ticket would be more expensive and require a connecting flight . 
  you also have to take into account that costs of living are different . 
  a $ 120,000 a year salary in nyc can guarantee a good quality of living in a nice apartment in manhattan , and a $ 30,000 a year salary in vilnius , lithuania can guarantee a good quality of living with a nice apartment in the center of city itself . 
  i am from lithuania , and some of my friends who work in any engineering field make more than enough money to live in lithuania , even though it is eastern europe . 
  hi again . 
  what school did you happen to go to in vilnius ? 
  what are you doing now , and as what do you identify yourself ? 
  you write very well and your approach to the languages is really interesting . 
  my aversion to tutejszy comes from the fact that i spent a lot of time in that environment and to me it associates with the banal and anti-intellectual banter that i heard around me all the time . 
  the really painful ssss sounds that the tutejszy people seem to emit every time they open their mouths makes me irrationally angry . 
  my experience seems similar to your experience when you heard the proper polish syntax for the first time . 
  in regards to politics , i do n't think ethnic questions should be a platform for any political party . 
  what i care in a political party is the party 's approach to economic issues , not that the party wants to allow polish speaking students to take exams in polish , even though they live in lithuania . 
  i was born in poland while my mom was in medical school , and when she graduated we both moved back to vilnius . 
  i am the only family member born in poland . 
  my family does speak polish at home , but other than my mother and her parents , everyone speaks the broken polish form or simply russian around each other . 
  when i was 16 i moved to the us , and when people in the states asked me where i was from , i would say lithuania . 
  now i identify myself as a lithuanian , because i find the charade of polish that people in vilnius speak a disgrace to polish . 
  i grew up in lithuania and that is where my values and culture comes from , even though my family hates it when i say that . 
  they identify themselves as polish , but when they go to poland the locals ca n't understand their `` polish '' . 
  honestly i find the whole `` tutejszy '' and `` pulaki z wilni '' phenomenon disgusting and it makes the speakers seem really uneducated and out of place . 
  that 's why i also really do n't like the polish minority political party and the whole `` tutejszy '' identity . 
  thank you for the very well written comment . 
  i know a lot of people that identify as `` tutejszy '' from the polish minority high school i went to while in vilnius . 
  a lot of my classmates moved to poland or western europe to study in university though . 
  the ones that stayed speak a very weird ( and absolutely disgusting to me ) mix of polish and russian , with the lithuanian letter `` v '' replacing the polish letter `` w '' in most words . 
  actually i do n't know . 
  i do know that one of my great grandfathers was the head of a collective farm for a long time , so he probably had some education and wealth . 
  both were born east of vilnius , nearby the current border with belarus . 
  multiple generations came from that area . 
  their families are polanized ( not sure if that is even a word ) lithuanians from the polish-lithuanian commonwealth days . 
  yeah , they think of themselves as polish , but have not been to poland for longer than a week their whole lives . 
  also it seems like tajikistan has not had the same economic and civil rights advances that the baltic states did . 
  i 'm from lithuania and while my grandparents are not russia ( they are polish lithuanians ) they seem to remember the soviet days as the best time of their lives . 
  even to this day they refer to lithuanian as a dog language even though they 've lived in lithuania all of their lives in polish speaking villages around vilnius . 
  edit : fixed brest to best, 
  the waste comes from the corrupted officials in russia . 
  fiba is not fifa , and it wo n't deal with the same corruption . 
  this project already accomplished more than syriza . 
  the fact that export-focused economies did n't hurt as much does n't make his claim less valid though . 
  initially i thought that a country would have to pick to be one or the other , but it really is n't a zero-sum game . 
  if a country like germany manages to increase consumption for their services domestically , it will give their companies more resources to scale and to develop a whole market that serves a specific need of the country ( first thing that comes to mind is all of those companies that help with various government forms , taxes , etc. 
  those companeis would be useless outside of the us , but those companies are doing really well ) . 
  if you enjoy humanity induced boners , check out / r/hfy & nbsp ; it 's very much sci-fi , but it 's a great source of that warm fuzzy feeling in your stomach . 
  not when putin is the one sending the omen !, 
  -3 stability !, 
  it is an issue on their side , but that does n't mean that we should tolerate tomaszewski ruining the image of a whole people . 
  i have little control over xenophobic lithuanians , but i have some control over my image and who my family votes for , so i 'm not going to waste time and energy by being angry at xenophobes . 
  and i do n't expect a change in policy for the polish minority party . 
  they 've had the same goals to accomplish since their inception . 
  over the years they 've only created a `` us vs them '' mentality and failed to deliver on any other promise . 
  if this was a political party not backed by ethnic groups it would 've failed a long time ago , but i remember how tomaszewski would come to my high school ( gimnazjum im . 
  jana pawla ii-ego ) and say `` if you do n't get your parents to vote for me , this school will be closed '' . 
  that fucker . 
  the whole doublethink concept is really interesting . 
  i have a feeling that it is a huge part of the soviet mentality . 
  people would often say `` i am not doing this '' as they are doing it . 
  i would dare say it 's still left over in some of the edge cases of russian mentality to this day . 
  in this video and similar you can find a great example of [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frx3m3qjgju ) . 
  it is incredible what kind of mental gymnastics people who grew up in the soviet union are capable of . 
  i ca n't really cite any sources for that , but since i was a kid my grandparents told me that they were promoted because they spoke russian , polish , and lithuanian . 
  from what i remember they always held the whole `` polish people are superior '' mentality , and told stories about people high up in the party who were polish and promoted people that they considered to be `` us '' . 
  i would n't be surprised if there were polish people high up in communist lithuania looking to promote polish people higher up in the political control system . 
  now that i think about it , they were trying to make me feel good that i am polish or something to that extent . 
  from what i understand , people with money and political power were immune to normal laws . 
  in that way it did n't change much , but now there 's less control over information , so the rich ca n't get away with everything . 
  and the system survived for the exact same reason russia can continue its aggression now - oil . 
  there are a few interesting resources about the fall of the ussr , [ this ] ( http://www.aei.org/feature/the-soviet-collapse/ ) one is definitely one that comes to mind . 
  it 's incredible how the system survived for so long , and how much soviet countries are underdeveloped compared to western countries . 
  ha , i 've heard stories of it . 
  when my wife and i got married , their wedding gift to us was a box with wedding bands from when they got married in the 70s . 
  they got the voucher for the bands , but there was a decade long wait line to get them . 
  they eventually bribed their way into getting the bands , but they never wore them , because the bands were decent quality and were too valuable to not use as a bribe in the future . 
  it 's so weird to hear stories like that ... or how corrupt the justice system was back in the day . 
  one of my friends grandfather worked at an electric grid relay station in lithuania , and he told me stories of how they would get phone calls in the evenings to shut down power in lithuanian villages and redirect more electricity to moscow because a powerplant went down somewhere or they ca n't meet demand in the ` glorious capital ' . 
  no problem . 
  i really do n't like their views and disagree with them . 
  i 've spent a lot of time trying to persuade them to stop voting with their ` nationality ' and start voting for parties that have a record of voting well . 
  it has now become a huge wedge between us , with them refusing to talk to me whenever i skype them ( i live in the us right now ) . 
  i respect everyones political views , but it 's hard to be not critical of my family when their reason is spite . 
  no one 's going to win by voting for tomaszewski . 
  he 's a corrupt pig who is creating a `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  i speak polish at home and went to a polish minority school , but i speak fluent lithuanian , and i love the language more than polish , but i 'm still a lithuanian . 
  i have a lot of friends who are lithuanian , and some of them absolutely hate the polish minority . 
  i always found it weird how they hate the minority , but are really good friends with me . 
  they always would say `` there are poles , and then there 's you '' or `` you 're good , but your tomaszewski ... '' . 
  that idiot has been damaging the relationship between lithuanians and the minority for years now and it 's infuriating . 
  and do n't get me started on the `` wilno nasze '' crowd , they ca n't even speak polish properly . 
  they are loud and obnoxious , and you 'd think they would be loud and obnoxious in polish , but no , they speak an ugly mix of russian words and cojnugations of polish words . 
  the worst thing is that they do n't realize they had the privileges . 
  even worse , they seem to forget the bad things they had to deal with : they are both practicing catholics , and they had to hide that during the soviet times . 
  my grandfather is the youngest of 11 , and two of his brothers were killed . 
  one was sent to siberia for peaceful protests , and slightly less peaceful when he would get drunk , the other was a smuggler of western goods , who got tied up and thrown into a pond by his competition . 
  everyone knew who drowned him , but the government did n't do anything because the family was wealthy . 
  my family is polish-lithuanian from vilnius . 
  everyone that remembers the soviet union is for it . 
  my grandparents were favored for an apartment , a car , some other stuff because they were polish-lithuanian , and because my great-grandfather was a party member .
