  certainly better than in google maps . 
  there is also an english version . 
  who the hell dubs these kinds of propaganda videos against europe/us , the dubber sounds british . 
  they are saying that in finland as well , imo any nordic country . 
  finn here , can confirm . 
  i have 2.00 phones , cheap 20e nokia for sailing and hiking , and my more expensive android phone for normal use . 
  i thought denmark was the smallest of the nordic countries ... 
  guess i was wrong, 
  there is russian announcements and signs in international trains going to russia , and in stations when the train is arriving/leaving , but otherwise no , at least in southern finland . 
  it could be different in lappeenranta , imatra or some other city close to the border . 
  we have german too in some ( old or newer ) signs . 
  main railway station in helsinki has a signs `` rautatieasema-j\u00e4rnv\u00e4gsstation-railway station-hauptbahnhof . '', 
  also is n't it kinda wrong ? 
  rautatieasema , j\u00e4rnv\u00e4gsstation and railway station mean just any railway station , but is n't hbf the main railway station . 
  who the hell uses gas here anyway ? 
  our electricity production from gas is tiny , only 6,8 \u2030 . 
  saw it !, 
  now there is a green spot in my vision . 
  worth it, 
  did i miss it already ? 
  it has been cloudy , so no harm done . 
  edit : nope , still 18min to go for helsinki . 
  any chance that this will come to bbc 's iplayer , or zdf.de has english subtitle option ? 
  my german is not sehr gut . 
  or you can understand danish ? 
  is n't there a bit of stigma when it comes to waving german flag outside sports ? 
  yep . 
  at least finnish and swedish subtitles are legal requirement in finnish dvds , why rules for netflix would be any different . 
  breaks laws in finland as well for the same reasons . 
  i always buy the ( epiim ? ), 
  cheese . 
  it 's cheaper and i do n't notice any difference . 
  yes , unless you have a private trade name . 
  oh the horror and the inconherible language of vero - skatt . 
  where is rovaniemi , finland ? 
  but is n't it easy . 
  just think the name of the empire of austria-hungary . 
  if average finn could not place austria on the map , it 's the country south of germany . 
  if the average finn can not place even germany on the map , i do n't know what sort of geography lessons they get elsewhere in finland . 
  h&m do n't have uniform pricing ? 
  do n't they have multiple country codes in price tags ? 
  oh , it was the title . 
  i did n't get that , i just thought that `` herrasv\u00e4en belgiaa '' is not making any sense in that context , so i did n't translate that . 
   pps : the f *** ~ ~ finland ~ ~ helsingin sanomat , do your research ... 
  marseille is nothing like tampere ( the second city in finland ) . 
  it 's an exotic harbour city , where you can already feel the breezes of africa . 
  in the last century , lots of armenians , italians , corsicans and algerians settled into the city . 
  if g\u00f6teborg has been called biggest village in salla , then marseille is biggest city in comoros . 
  marseille has districts , where you find it hard to believe that you are in europe . 
  over a quarter of inhabitants are muslims . 
  marseille is a city of extremes , where people vote communists and le pen . 
  city has suffered from crime , but in recent times , when there has been riots in the streets of paris , marseille has been in peace . 
  flemish-languaged antwerpen has a ( patronising ? ), 
  relationship to brussels . 
  antwerpen is stylish capital city of culture , fashion and design , and it has the second biggest harbour in europe . 
  brussels is not any of this . 
  shabby capital , brussels has eu and nato , and lots of boring bureaus . 
  yeah , we are connected trough russia in theory . . 
  but would you drive trough russia , when visa costs 50 $ , takes few weeks to get , and most finnish car insurances are not valid in russia . 
  at least in finland they say that we are most ` murican country in europe . 
  no worries . 
  i kinda got the point . 
  it is . 
  at least along the official paths . 
  so syden is like etel\u00e4 for finns . 
  basically canary islands , or sunny beach etc. 
  ahem , where you need to see that specific doctor ? 
  i 've always just called the helsinki health centre general number and got the next free appointment somewhere in the helsinki area ( ofc i can select if i want to make an appointment in another part of the city or not ), 
  maybe we do n't have mandatory homework for children ? 
  does other countries ? 
  i think any animal is legal here if you do n't hurt them . 
  then it can be counted as an act of animal cruelty . 
  no law specifically saying that sex with animals is a no-no . 
  but soon it will ? 
  also ikea espoo and vantaa have similar opening hours . 
  boy that escalated quickly . 
  umm . . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  hmm . 
  weird ? 
  although now that you mention it there have been pretty intense rains and thunderstorms in espoo , but not last week that i remember of . 
  [ nah , not so bad in southern finland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y4ale6c.png ) . 
   and hotel viru was actually built by finns oh how the tables have turned . 
   in the winter the temperature frequently drops below 10c\u00ba at night like our summer days then huh ? 
  i 'm just joking . 
  i know that it 's lot colder when you do n't have insulation that is so tight that mold can grow inside and triple glass windows . 
  yes . 
  and then your government sells it to private company that knows you do n't have any other choices and raises distribution fees by 50 % ... 
  what happens in tallinn ... 
  hockey * is * better than football . 
  escape * from * the west-germany ? 
  why would you . 
  because according to finnair 's own website , the prime minister 's office owns 55.81 % of the shares . 
  those surely were n't free . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm not completely sure but i 'd imagine finnair gets a bit of taxpayers money too ? 
  i 've lived in vesala and it 's not exactly cheap . . or maybe just i am cheap ? 
  psu in the sink always cracks me up . 
  these pictures make those igloos look huge . 
  they are imho quite miserable irl .
