  in my opinion multiculturalism does not erode national identity . 
  am i less german because my neighbour observes different holidays and customs than i do or eats different food ? 
  the only requirement you need to fulfil to be german in my opinion is to respect and follow our laws . 
   if we look at germany , which has a large turkish minority , how well have turks in germany , or the descendants of turkish immigrants , assimilated into german culture ? 
  many , if not the large majority , have assimilated quite well in my opinion . 
  almost all second-generation immigrants speak german fluently and follow our laws , graduated from german schools or maybe even university . 
  have a job and pay taxes . 
  also they have friends that are not from their `` ethnic subgroup '' . 
  you are painting a picture of large parallel societies of immigrants that hardly interact with mainstream german culture which is just not true . 
  studies have shown time and time again that the birthrate of immigrants is not higher than the birthrate of `` natives '' after a generation or two . 
  muslims wo n't even be close to a majority group even in 2050 or 2100 . 
  and even then , they grew up here . 
  many ( if not the large majority ) of second or third generation immigrants are not in favour of overthrowing the german society in favour of a totalitarian regime or a religious caliphate . 
  believe me , our society prevailed for centuries and survived multiple world wars and countless different regimes from monarchies to dictatorships to democracies . 
  a moderate influx of immigrants wo n't end our society . 
   of course not . 
  but what we 're seeing at the moment is not the gradual evolution of a culture , which is normal , but is in fact replacement . 
  could you please elaborate in which way your or any national identity is replaced ? 
  it 's hard to argue your point if you give no example of what you mean . 
  i do n't know how many times people have brought up this video as a sign of merkel being `` disgusted '' by the german flag . 
  listen , this is from the cdu celebrating their election victory in 2013 . 
  many people describe this video of german politicians singing along to a toten hosen song as very embarrassing and apparently merkel agrees because at least she had the bright idea of stopping hermann gr\u00f6he of making an even bigger ass out of himself than he already did . 
  about five percent of the german population are muslims . 
  some regions have as little as .1 % muslim population . 
  even assuming that all of those muslims are religious fanatics and fascists ( and there are many examples of well respected moderate muslims in politics today , like cem \u00d6zdemir ) they would probably not manage to even get elected into parliament ( you need to overcome the 5 % hurdle to be represented in the bundestag or win a direct mandate ) . 
  please do n't go around spewing bullshit if you do n't have a clue what you are talking about . 
  the political opinions of many people simply reflect what they are told on tv . 
  many turkish immigrants watch turkish television and directly get their erdogan propaganda delivered to their living room . 
  being easily manipulated is not exclusive to turks or russians though , their media is just less independent than western media . 
  first of all i do n't see why a national identity is/would be superior to an european or a regional identity , or an identity founded on pretty much anything from language to religion to your favourite football club . 
  there is nothing bad about a group identity , but it should be the group identity people choose . 
  furthermore i do n't think we are experiencing a notable decline in national identity at all . 
  many people are proud of their country of origin and take part in their countries traditions . 
  of course an increase in cultural exchange due to open borders and programmes like erasmus also leads to multiculturalism but not a single person is forced to participate in any way . 
  and it 's not like national identity is a static concept that has existed unchanged for centuries . 
  sorry for the pun , but your username does check out , mate . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  it is easy to jump to conclusions and call for radical and easy solutions , but in the end we can not defy the very laws that uphold our society because it sounds appealing right now . 
   which will go away once the 2 years post-50 are over . 
  possibly , however until then there is uncertainty and the longer it lasts the bigger the short-term impact . 
  lost economic growth due to an extended period of uncertainty caused by a reluctance to invoke article 50 could take years or even decades to catch up . 
  man i 'm originally from karlsruhe and i have heard about your shitty ticket . 
  i study in nrw and my ticket applies to all buses and trains in the whole state . 
  also i only pay like 300 $ a semester . 
  then it 's imperative that they are taught now . 
  a round of applause for this rare moment of honesty . 
  arguably meuthen is one of the few moderates of the lucke days left . 
  he is an economics professor with previous ties to the liberal fdp . 
   or will the eu 's shortcomings in the future be shoved under the carpet , under the pretext of whatever flowery principles the eu is suppose to represent ? 
  there are some aspects of the eu that would need some improvement . 
  but the same is true for any national government . 
  many people like the eu even though it has flaws . 
  i personally do n't trust the eu more than the german government , but also not less . 
  that 's just being economically savvy . 
  i actually quite like the different sizes - to be more precise the different heights - because i sort them by height and it 's much easier to get the bills from the middle if they are different heights . 
  i guess there are arguments in favor and against the design . 
  that is by design , as it makes it easier to distinguish them without looking . 
  especially useful for the visually impaired . 
  you are completely correct , there are always people that benefit and some that lose . 
  that 's not what i was trying to say though . 
  i think that free trade is a net benefit to society , as in the pros do outweigh the cons . 
  when i said everyone would benefit i actually meant everybody as in the entire population would benefit and not every single individual . 
  sorry for not causing this misunderstanding . 
  i not a fan of all those statistics about past games . 
  if this tournament proves anything , it is that the past does n't matter . 
  sometimes the statements made by pundits are ridiculous , like ` team a never won against team b on the second sunday in february while the weather forecast predicted less than 5 hours of sunshine . ' . 
  i realize that ` germany never beat italy in a tournament with in the last ___ ' is less specific but still it does n't matter in my opinion . 
  speaking german is obviously a requirement for most jobs in germany . 
  only working as a scientist or at a company with a large focus on international operations might let you circumvent that and even then an applicant who speaks the local language would be preferable . 
  the sectors with the largest need for applicants are elderly care nurses and daycare workers and the like . 
  the trades are also laking qualified employees and also trainees . 
  but also all jobs with prospects for employment require relevant education . 
  on the other hand jobs in programming , engineering and technology are also always hiring and if you are a doctor or a science/math teacher you would also find easy employment . 
  germany is definitely not some kind of el dorado where anyone can get a great job easily . 
  well one problem with the german political landscape is , that lately the camps have become so fractioned that the only viable coalition on a national level is the grand coalition between the two major ( or formerly major in the case of the social democrats ) parties , which means we basically get the same result no matter how we vote and thus our political leaders do n't necessarily reflect what the majority of the population want . 
  slovakia really is n't an opponent of the caliber we will face from now on . 
  also not scoring easily is what made belgium lose today and also what cost them a lot of goals in the previous matches . 
  it would be ludicrous to assume we will get as many chance against italy as we got against slovakia . 
  but then again our defense has been literally flawless and neuer did n't even need to do anything , so we might be able to score a goal and advance with 1:0 . 
  and if all else fails , we are apparently the best at penalty shootouts . 
   and you wo n't play france but iceland of course ... 
  i just did n't want to hurt the feelings of any frenchmen , 
  i really ca n't imagine that egos played a huge role in the under performance of the belgian team . 
  they actually played quite well but ended up wasting almost every chance to score they got . 
  one of the most comical moments of the entire tournament was when three belgian players shot on the goal on after at the beginning of the game and each one was blocked by the welsh defense . 
  we 'll have to go through italy and ( probably ) france . 
  there is a lot that could go wrong in the following days . 
  http://fpif.org/free-trade-done-central-america/ http://qz.com/122436/how-cigarette-companies-use-free-trade-deals-to-sell-more-cigarettes-to-women-and-kids/, 
  according to that document there are exactly no downsides to ttip . 
  not even the fiercest proponents would make that claim . 
  especially because free trade agreements are already being abused world wide . 
  http://fpif.org/free-trade-done-central-america/ http://qz.com/122436/how-cigarette-companies-use-free-trade-deals-to-sell-more-cigarettes-to-women-and-kids/, 
  not necessarily the best jobs tough . 
   but finding a part time job as a person on disability is difficult . 
  i think what you are looking for is very hard to come by almost everywhere in the world . 
  the eu does n't include private , non-public courts in which investors can sue countries to protect their investments . 
  free trade is something everybody benefits from but some aspects of ttip are just madness in my opinion . 
  not even mentioning that the whole negotiation process is very shady . 
  which is actually quite surprising to me seeing how anti-ttip the german public is . 
  politicians have tried their best to sweep the entire topic under the rug , but i would n't put it past them to completely reverse their position once they realize they 'll lose votes .
