for now ... , 
   it 's not exaclty unprecedented however ( adenauer ) plus clinton ( 68 ) and trump ( 70 ) are n't much younger either . 
  adenauer became chancellor over 60 years ago and hillary and trump want to rule a nation across the atlantic , i do n't know if either qualifies as precedent . 
  furthermore sch\u00e4uble 's age is much more visible than hillary 's and trump 's . 
  having said that , i believe that the grand coalition is going to continue after the next election and even if sch\u00e4uble was the union 's candidate and their votes tank they could probably still reach the 50 % threshold between cdu/csu and spd . 
   so no , he would be a very serious candidate ( even more so if he was 15 years younger ) . 
  it might be because i 'm not very fond of sch\u00e4uble to begin with but i imagine a lot of people ( including myself ) would be very cautious of a chancellor in his 70 's . 
  and that 's if he wants to run and merkel does n't run , which i really do n't see happening . 
  they even try to make it appear as if they are concerned about irish sovereignty . 
  apple only cares about paying as little taxes as they can get away with and everyone knows it . 
  how they could convince themselves that any of their european customers could be outraged by this ruling is beyond me . 
  that just means you have to be careful not to give any evidence you fired someone for discriminatory reasons . 
  if your employer is capable this means little protection for the employees rights . 
  except for at-will-states , where she would have been just fired without stating a reason . 
  let 's not pretend something like this would be unthinkable in the more rural regions of the us . 
  in almost all classes in germany your grade is determined by a final exam only . 
  depending on your university differences might exist but the gist of it is , that you get three chance to pass the exam ( and maybe an oral exam after you failed three times ) , however there is only one chance to take the exam after each semester or two chances after every second semester , so repeatedly failing one or multiple exams will extend the time you need to achieve your degree . 
  if you fail all your tries you are out for good . 
  i do n't know about the exam fail rates in other countries , but over here fail rates of 40 % or even 50 % are nothing special ( might differ for other fields of study and universities though ) . 
  that 's not true , at least not in germany . 
  after shortening high school one year and introducing ` incentives ' to finish university more quickly germans are entering the workforce ( at least highly educated young adults ) at a much younger age than in the past . 
  i know there is a circle jerk about entitled millennials that have it easy and do n't want to work hard and participation trophies and shit , but that 's just not reality . 
  the retirement age is actually a great example , everyone from my generation knows that because of the demographic development we have to massively overhaul our retirement system or it will figuratively explode , yet nobody does anything because all possible measures to solve the problem are unpopular leaving young germans with an uncertain future . 
  it 's basically merkel 's mantra regarding the refugee crisis . 
  in its essence it is a complicated phrase for saying exactly nothing . 
  in weightlifting you get a three attempts to lift a weight and then proceed to the next heavier weight . 
  in this case the athlete actually botched his third attempt so whatever the previous weight was he successfully lifted is his score and in this case it is high enough to qualify for bronze . 
  i think the bigger story is that the author of the article totally murdered the economist . 
   not intervening in syria . 
  so the rebels carved their aks out of stone ? 
  i do n't think we would be facing a humanitarian crisis if we never intervened in the first place . 
   pacifying gaddafi 's forces well , at least libya is now a free , democratic and peaceful country ... oh wait . 
  can a customs union between roi and ni remain without the approval of the eu ? 
  i 'm uncertain if the eu is up for the trouble of roi being part of essentially two customs unions ( eu & uk via ni ) . 
   well how do you expect the eu/uk border in ireland to work ? 
  just like any land boarder between eu - and non-eu-countries . 
  obviously many people from ( northern ) ireland would not find this ideal , but a boarder between scotland and england ( a border within a nation with one of those countries being part of a free travel area ) would be unprecedented . 
  but scotland remaining in the eu would require them to allow all eu citizens to move freely , something the rest of the uk apparently does n't want . 
  another fear of brexiteers was illegal immigration which would require closing the border controls between scotland and england and that seems very unlikely to me . 
  two reasons : the mere threat of doing it gives the eu more leverage in negotiations . 
  and if the eu does it would hurt them , but they 'd take a smaller loss than the uk and have the upper hand in the proceeding negotiations . 
  what is even worse in my opinion is that there are many students whose second foreign language is latin . 
  i just can not see the appeal of learning latin ( except for some university degrees that require it ) . 
  i know a guy who learned english , latin and ancient greek in school . 
  attending a humanistisches gymnasium is a fate comparable to death in my opinion . 
  my dad severed under a man named hauptmann hauptmann . 
  i think it would be a crime to promote somebody like him . 
   if that happens i imagine germany would have a standing army of 1 million over time . 
  why would we need a standing army of one million ? 
  even the us only has an army of 1.4 million at four times the population . 
  in the 2009 election the fdp received 14.6 % of the votes . 
  i would n't call 1/6th of voters `` highly ideological '' . 
  the reason they got penalized in the 2013 election is that angela merkel is like a vampire sucking out the energy of every coalition partner . 
  in 2009 the spd faced huge losses and next year they are predicted to have major losses again compared to 2013 . 
  i mean , the fdp made a couple dumb choices but most of them were near the election when half of the leadership had been replaced and the entire party was in damage control mode because of the bad polls . 
  i think your statement is not entirely correct . 
  as long as there is no viable option to replace her ( in her own party or the csu or the spd ) she is basically untouchable . 
  i do n't know how but every single german politician somehow has even less charisma then merkel . 
  we have an election in about 13 months and nobody even started campaigning and nobody will for like 10 more months . 
  the election circus in america just seems ridiculous to every other nation on earth . 
  i do n't know which would scare me more , the reporter sincerely believing that those gta iv cheat codes are related to the coup or her just making it all up to fit the narrative they want to present or maybe just to get attention . 
  equally disturbing . 
  i 'm putting 20 on ushi von der leyen . 
  right department and reeking of incompetence . 
  as i have alluded to in the last sentence , the exponent impacts how quickly the effective number of tourists diverges from the total number of tourists . 
  i choose to square the `` weighting factor '' after i ran the numbers and was n't that satisfied . 
  it 's merely a preference , but you are right , it 's not a necessity . 
  any positive number would do the job just fine . 
  in that case we can address that by defining an effective number of tourists . 
  for example : effective number of tourists = number of tourists x ( ( population + number of tourists ) / population ) ^ 2 if the number of tourists is low compared to the population the effective number of tourists approaches the number of tourists and if the number of tourists is very high compared to the population the effective number of tourists is much higher than the number of tourists . 
  * example 1 : population : 10 million number of tourists : 1 million effective number of tourists : 1.21 million * example 2 : population : 1 million number of tourists : 500 thousand effective number of tourists : 1.125 million i do n't think the formula is perfect , but it does give a better estimate of how popular a country is as a tourist attraction . 
  depending on whether you want skew the numbers more in favour of bigger or smaller countries one can adjust the exponent to reflect that . 
  well before the vote it was promised they would invoke article 50 immediately and look where we are . 
  i 'm not going to believe they 'll invoke it any time soon until they actually do it . 
  actually that might be a good reasons to have the drug agency very far away from any influence your domestic drug industry might have over it . 
  but then again , probably impossible to hide from lobbyists . 
  me neither . 
  i think one reasons people are at odds with the eu is because it has always been very poorly communicated how and where the is involved . 
  i think a lot of people in britain thought the only eu institutions are the european parliament in brussels/strasbourg . 
  well at one point or another you have to enter the job market and at that point you 'll have no `` real world experience '' . 
  in germany many people do n't think of just a bachelor as a viable option , mainly because it 's seen as a lesser degree than our old diplom . 
  i attend an university with a big focus on stem so i might be a bit biased on this , but almost everybody in my social circle choose to continue with a master or plans to do that . 
  i would say that according to public opinion and the opinion of many employers you ca n't be an engineer or a scientist without at least a master . 
  but would they rather hire a freshly graduated bachelor over a freshly graduated master ? 
  and what about after a decade ? 
  bachelor with 10 years experience vs. master with 8 years experience ? 
  not criticising your choice , i just feel like rushing to get into the job market earlier is not necessarily worth it in the long run , especially if you graduate very young . 
  for example i 'm going to be 21 when i graduate with my bachelor next year ( i 'll have to pursue a master no matter what because of my field of study but that 's a different story ) and i do n't think that it would be worth it to rush into the job market or that many employers would be thrilled to hire a 21 year old . 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm misunderstanding you , but are you suggesting that exporting agricultural goods will turn you into a global trading power ( while you will be competing with markets with much cheaper labour ) ? 
  i 've heard a lot of britons say that as long as they have high quality goods people will still want to trade with them , but as far as i know britain is not famous for its large manufacturing industry and does n't produce any noteworthy goods i am aware of ( not saying there are n't any , but for a lot of countries i 'd be able to think of industries that export worldwide at huge profits quite easily ) . 
  i think the service and banking based british economy is more vulnerable to leaving the common market than a more manufacturing based economy like germany . 
  nobody stops you from following traditional french culture . 
  sure , some of your neighbours might not share your cultural identity , in that sense you might not be able to completely opt out of multiculturalism but any problems one might experience in the scenario you mentioned are much more likely the result of poverty and discrimination than foreigners out to destroy your culture . 
  but it would be expensive to operate that bank . 
  basically you need a big building to store cash and security to keep it safe and infrastructure to allow people to make deposits/withdrawals . 
  also you would probably want/have to have insurance , etc. 
  if it was economically sound to just do that , somebody would probably be doing it , but as of now giving your money to the german government at negative interest rates seems to be the better idea . 
   we see it with the policies which enable and encourage multiculturalism and diversity . 
  that 's the example . 
  here is the part where we fundamentally disagree .
