i really should consider moving out of helsinki . 
  my old apartment went for 225k in 2014 ... and it was ~ 30 m2 . 
  anyways you seem to have quite enjoyable life and i liked the album , but are you cheering for hifk or tappara ? 
  you forgot the `` palju '' ( a bit like a heatable outdoor bath tube for multiple persons ), 
  i would say a perfectly average middle class family . 
  a person with a job can afford all this in the smaller towns like he is living in . 
  a studio in helsinki is as expensive as his house + cars . 
  upper class has atleast two summer places , sailing boat and better cars . 
  people use ketchup on a macaroni casserole , but only small kids use it for pasta here . 
  tbh ketchup is only good for fries and in a bbq-sauce . 
  finns eat shit food , especially in the countryside . 
  the food culture is taking big strides now though . 
  i would n't say alt-right , but populistic yes . 
  timo soini our foreign minister said that he 's not really worried much will change and he believes most what was said was mostly election rethoric . 
  he thinks some of the nato funding might be stricter , at least concerning following the 2 % budget part , but not much more . 
  would be funny , if they actually just said that they did that and fooled the both sides . 
  yeah , imagine if they would draw muhammad next !, 
  tbh a tribal tattoo in your neck is quite a red light for many office jobs . 
  well that 's totally philosophical , do you see prison as punishment or rehabilitation ? 
  i 'd say it 's both with weight on the latter , so the length of sentences is quite a intricate balancing act . 
  funnily enough wales is really the are where old anglo-culture survived the subjugation by saxons , norwegians and danes . 
  russia can into vikings tho . 
  we do n't care about your indo-europeans . 
  / forever alone since leaving ural, 
  why is everyone signalling people to fuck off with their hands ? 
  one could question is the total number of species or the total number of lifeforms on earth our end goal ? 
  i really liked g\u00f6teborg , been there quite few times and always enjoyed it , albeit being drunk most of the time . 
  mail-order plumbers !, 
  i never understood this , but maybe its all the yelling in german in the pop culture . 
  i 've actually noticed that the tone of my choice is softer , when i speak german than finnish . 
  well , you could consider hru\u0161t\u0161ovs nationalism as one part of the prologue of this crisis . 
  they have a perverse way to learn how to translate written english to french . 
  i think it changed from german to russian after the opening of russian economy , as it allowed the industry to expand there . 
  you also have to consider that we have to learn swedish . 
  funnily enough learning russian is surprisingly rare and people mostly rate it import in hindsight . 
  it 's a polandball themed comic , which is crowdsourced and nowadays mostly created by redditors . 
  yes , but according to the polls `` quite a few '' are pro islamism , jihadism and even terrorism . 
  actually quite a few is quite generous , when talking about 100 millions . 
  atleast finland is mentioned . 
  i shout `` suomi mainittu , torilla tavataan '' and stab you with a knife . 
  i wish i played in asia more in eu4 http://imgur.com/sb1ekid, 
  tell me more about the ghettos of munchen . 
  yea , but now people have watched star wars !, 
  yea that 's done similarly here : * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si71mnvta-8 * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgzrsxmbszg, 
  it was danced in the courts of europe ( especially france ) so it spread quite far . 
  i assume the more common version of polonaise outside of poland is the more march-like version of it than the version the japanaise are performing here . 
  here we usually dance polonaise , cicapo , mignon in university and additionally pa d'espagna , tango , wiener waltz , lambeth walk , pompadour and some others in the high school `` prom '', 
  all our dance balls in university and `` prom '' started with polonaise , its such an easy dance to make the entrance and get to dancing positions . 
  also jukurtti for some reason . 
  fixit and sexit . 
  i blame my fat fingers . 
  one could argue that balkan problems are partially down to ottoman conquests and force conversion . 
  similarly as the decline of islam in last thousand years is down to central asian invasions . 
  had there been no ottomans , anatolia would be closer to europe and probably more stable . 
  i still go to tallinb 4-6 times a year , sometimes we stay in hotel and go to opera , sometimes we just hang out a day in the old town and eat at our favourite restaurants ( on rataskaevu ) , sometimes we go there with a group of friends and rent a sauna and party the whole night . 
  there 's much to do in tallinn besides buying cheap vodka . 
  actually poverty is defined in eu as getting under 60 % of median income , thus its around 1.1-1 .2 k $ / month where i live . 
  so basically unemployed and students . 
  why does it anger the swamp germans, 
  just call albanians turks . 
  you are supposed to open the can under water ... 
  we call the area fennoscandia , but we use the `` pohjoismaalaiset '' = people from nordic countries . 
  we mostly correct people who say we are from scandinavia . 
  `` finns are wannabe swedish mongols '', 
  we finns care shit ton about opinions in internet , due to low national self esteem . 
  if there 's positive post about finland on huffpost it ends up on our national news . 
  `` the country of gypsies '', 
  what next year , armenians singing a fuck you erdogan song or russian comeback with `` did you notice that soviet leaders were actually georgian and ukrainian '' - song, 
  uhm , ca n't they just sing about the evil turks or something . 
  would kind of work better for armenia . 
  it was n't even a top10 , but people were moved by the fate of descendants of crimean slaver khanate under the iron fist of a georgian with massive moustache . 
  splc uses twitter as a source and also has gone full sjw lately , for example listing hirsi ali and nawaaz as dangerous bigots . 
  and those do n't really fit to the same category as i was describing . 
  i meant actual newsworthy stuff , not something what started to be reported on social media . 
  there were for example multiple bomb threats ( 70ish ) of jewish centers , which were portrayed as a proof of the anti-semitism among the trumpettes , but were eventually tracked to two quite liberal guys . 
  yes , but the original news was lacking the info and i just answered why somebody could doubt the `` obvious '' connection . 
  thanks for providing more information anyways . 
  most of the swastika grafities and threats on jews after trump 's elecetion were false flags , so why not doubt the source of this . 
  although neo-nazi crazies are a bit more common in europe . 
  lies , everybody knows that bulgaria is where kama river meets volga . 
  bayesian god is a simulation . 
  true , but belonging and believing is a different story . 
  it was quite important for manpower . 
  yes , it 's laughable how far behind france germany is in this department . 
  [ i hope they are not descendants of these ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_alc\u00e1cer_quibir ), 
  the soviets had different biases under different rulers . 
  stalin had a soft spot for georgia and hrutschev for ukraine . 
  i would say that besides some scientific issues , the quran has more problems than the bible in european context . 
  i go to saariselk\u00e4 once a year and ski to kaukslauttanen , where these igloos are , and its mostly asian tourists there . 
  saariselk\u00e4 itself has quite a bit of european tourists nowadays . 
  that 's nothing , ottomans were literally chairs . 
  judaism is more about being born as a jew than any other religion . 
  google `` the pale settlement '', 
  also no sense to remain in the soviet bloc side , because stalin was n't really a big fan of jews either . 
  [ just enjoying my cup of wieners ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_zqq2-yof-mc/tu6qccjwkqi/aaaaaaaaaku/qq9az4wqjmi/s1600/nakkimuki.jpg ), 
  that 's why they should pay for it . 
  trade surpluses are as detrimental as deficits . 
  tell that to iranian ambassadors :d , yet to see them shake hand of a woman . 
  you are comparing tourism and diplomacy . 
  yes , but if your `` feminist government '' has an aim to spread equality globally , one would think this would be a good way to start it .
