   `` europe is in a better position '' fuck that . 
  i 'm dutch . 
  i 'm not a citizen of europe , i 'm a citizen of the netherlands , and as such , me and 16 million other fellow countrymen are now in a * worse * position . 
  and net neutrality is most definitely an all-or-nothing deal . 
  the eu loopholes go well beyond any `` legitimate exceptions for network management '' , which in reality are n't exception at all . 
  we have no net neutrality in europe . 
  we have * nothing * now , and those of us who had it will now have it taken away . 
  our country , our government , our mistakes . 
  the eu is n't our government , and undermining our civil rights protections is totally crossing any reasonable line . 
  no `` calm down '' we , the dutch , had a law that guaranteed net neutrality , now the eu forces us to poke holes in it that leaves our civil rights in the hands of opportunistic politicians . 
  our national system has created a national law . 
  we did trust our national system ( and making sure that our rights are n't subject to the short-sighted whims of opportunistic politicians is a fundamental part of that system ) , and the eu has told us to shove it . 
  as per usual . 
  this is not just a ruling against net neutrality , it 's a ruling against national sovereignty in the pretty fucking fundamental area of how we protect our civil rights . 
  it 's a fundamental insult to the fact that the netherlands is a sovereign , free and democratic nation , warts and all . 
  the eu 's faux neutrality may be an improvement for many eu nations , but from a dutch perspective , it 's totally unacceptable . 
  for me personally , it 's a turning point . 
  i 'm no longer against the eu in it 's current form , i 'm now against the eu in * any * form . 
  before people start cheering , the same eu rules also make the netherland 's * real * net neutrality illegal . 
  because of course you can still screw the people over if it 's in corporate interests . 
  15 years ago maybe . 
  today the reg is just a grumpy old senile man with occasional moments of lucidity . 
  when they got to the point where the obviously did n't get the stuff they were trying to make fun of they started to become pathetic . 
  the fact that we implement austerity and mass immigration at the same time is mind-boggling . 
  and i 'm a child of an immigrant , someone who believes in ( selective ) immigration , someone who could n't do his job without immigrants ( lack of good software developers ) and someone who believes that countries like greece mostly have themselves to blame for living well beyond their means . 
  i do n't believe in closing our borders or cancelling self-inflicted debts without reform . 
  but todays european policies have nothing to do with any of that . 
  this is just destructive insanity . 
  the irony is that it took a single determined austrian to protect freedom and democracy in europe from the us . 
  max schrems is a hero . 
  good for business . 
  you have room for another 10 million refugees ? 
  because i 'd rather drown than move to assen . 
   when it starts demanding ridiculous stuff from it 's member states methinks that ship has sailed . 
  not acknowledging that is what got us into this brexit mess in the first place . 
  ask ? 
  we already know that the anti-western violence by islamists is a fact of life . 
  we 've already known long before isis was even a thing . 
  the increase in support for anti-islam populists did n't start yesterday . 
  the violence is becoming more aggressive and excessive , but the anti-western aggression has been a fact of life on the streets of many european cities for the past decades . 
  you really think that the average european woman is now more afraid of being blown up by a terrorist ( the odds of which are still very small ) than they have been of being assaulted on the street for the past 25 years ? 
  all we ask is what it will take to stop it . 
  in the netherlands , theo van gogh was murdered by a muslim extremist over a decade ago . 
  since then , anyone remotely critical of the islam needs to have strict security ( most prominent example wilders ) and ayaan hirsi ali has fled the country . 
  during the same period , a terror cell was folded in several arrests , including a shoot out in the hague . 
  so far , we have n't been hit by the new wave , but it 's only a matter of time . 
  fuck , radical groups are openly demonstrating with isis flags in the hague . 
  also , plenty of local radicals have joined and returned from fighting for isis in syria . 
  the clock is ticking everywhere . 
  btw , uk security more effective ? 
  london 2005 did n't fucking happen ? 
  also , dropping english and forcing us to use french or german wo n't be welcomed by most other eu countries . 
  if they want to make the eu considerably less popular in smaller member states , that 's a really quick way to achieve that . 
  been there , done that . 
  the first baby steps were schengen . 
  but then that got mutilated into including countries that were in no way on par with the level of trust that the original schengen countries had amongst each other . 
  result : increased anti-eu sentiment even in those countries . 
  or rather , * especially * in those countries , where the people saw the faith they had in the eu abused . 
  as long as the eu does n't reform at its core , such initiatives will be abused by the eurocrats . 
  which is why i 'm anti-eu , even though i 'm perfectly fine with forming a more federal union with countries like germany . 
  europe is not the problem . 
  the eu is . 
  for a unified europe to move forward , that monstrosity needs to die . 
  but this sub is still full of europhile who think that all that needs to be done is to explain to the plebs how the eu works . 
  i talked to brits who worked for the eu in brussels for years , and know exactly how it works . 
  which is * why * they voted to leave . 
  not because they are uneducated and xenophobic , on the contrary . 
  punish a country because its people , for better or worse , exercise their rights as citizens of a sovereign , democratic nation . 
  yes , that will surely increase support for the eu ... 
  democracy is already in a crisis . 
  wilders is just a symptom . 
  believe me , i prefer representative over direct democracy . 
  referenda should be few and far between imo . 
  unfortunately , our * system * of representative democracy has n't changed with the times and has by now been fundamentally gamed by an established political class . 
  we 've had consecutive elections with wildly different and unprecedented results , but nothing has changed . 
  the same clique has still managed to grab power in the end . 
  we now have a minority government composed of two parties what are supposed to be political polar opposites , but as cliche as it sounds , it 's simply the establishment doing what they 've done for decades . 
  democracy needs constant renewal to stay alive , and our democracy has now been gamed to the point where voting in the general elections has become useless . 
  unless wilders manages to gain an absolute majority , which is probably even worse ... at least major referenda allow the population to correct the establishment in a way that can much less easily be gamed . 
  it would improve the functioning of the representative democracy . 
  we probably would n't be talking about a brexit or nexit if the people had been allowed to put the brakes on the eu power grab . 
  and both of those arguments will just increase the support for wilders . 
  which is exactly what he 's aiming for . 
  the only way to stop wilders is to trust democracy ( i.e. , implement referendums , have them on major issues ) before it 's too late , but those who fear him are just playing into his hands by doing the opposite . 
  and they are steering the country straight towards a democratic crisis by doing so . 
  from sunday limitations to same sex marriage , still lots of active religious influence across the eu . 
  which is one of the many reasons i 'm against being in anything but a strictly economic union . 
  being better than turkey is not a particularly high bar . 
  i remember a time when being significantly less attractive to the predatory capitalism of bill gates was a good thing . 
  ** the netherlands ** * last sunday , max verstappen won the spanish grand prix . 
  there appears to have been no other news for the rest of the week . 
  it does n't benefit the state , it benefits the people that line their pockets when ns maximizes its profits on paper . 
  the whole faux privatisation project has always been about putting the ns in the hands of the friends of the political elite . 
  it 's all for show , if this is about a free market or benefits the dutch public in any way then i 'm vladimir iljitsj lenin . 
  yep . 
  and both referenda in the netherlands that were driven by an anti-eu sentiment resulted in a `` fuck you '' vote towards brussels , despite the other side being supported by a massive majority of parties across the political spectrum . 
  just because there 's no majority for putting crazy geert in power does n't mean we 're now in steady , pro-european and pro-immigration waters . 
  the next shitshow , putting together a coalition of umpteen parties , is only just beginning . 
  we could have new elections within a year . 
  that was the last time we had two seriously sized parties .
