  b ) the trade part of the agreement is effectively the only thing not covered by the referendum , since that 's something the eu can decide on without ratification from member states . 
  if it was just a trade agreement , this referendum would n't even exist , because there are strict rules about what we can actually have referenda about in the netherlands . 
  i respect the arguments in favor of the treaty , i do n't respect the scum that feels the need to lie about the nature of it , especially not those that abuse government power and influence to do so . 
  if people were better informed about the nature of the referendum , the turnout would have been higher on both sides of the issue . 
  the systematic attempt to `` win '' by discouraging and misleading voters is more disgusting than any of the yes or no campaigns . 
   anyway , a medium sized member states should n't be able to veto a treaty . 
  does the term `` sovereign nation '' mean anything to you ? 
  this arrogant rejection of the rights and freedoms people have fought and died for is the very reason why so many are against , not the treaty itself . 
  the netherlands is a nation . 
  not a province of the eu . 
   a trade agreement for fuck sake , the referendum is over and you still keep lying about the nature of the agreement ? 
  pathetic . 
  for me , the constant lying and deceiving has been the main reason to vote against . 
  i honestly do n't know which is the better choice , but i can actually fucking read . 
  ukrainians are no more or less fucked than they already were . 
  the eu however has a problem . 
  given the many questionable goings on in the run-up to the referendum , 29 % outcome would be disastrous for the national democratic climate which has been deteriorating rapidly since the death of pim fortuyn . 
  that has nothing to do with who wins or loses , but with people still believing that we have a functioning democracy . 
  the `` anti-terror '' in this case seems to be a very thin cover for a turkish nationalists rally , as usual . 
  happens every time , they deserve each other . 
  the disgusting part is that they do this on german and dutch soil with no shame whatsoever . 
  as long as `` religious hatred '' is illegal , there 's a reason to hate religion . 
  in a secular society , ideologies deserve no special protections just because they contain some moronic superstitious beliefs . 
  if it 's legal to hate nazis , it should be legal to hate muslims . 
  also , in reality we have been pretty much free to say whatever we want about christianity and various christian cults for decades regardless of hate laws , so why suddenly start protecting muslims ? 
  expect dutch cities to be added to the list soon , especially amsterdam ( amsterdam-west , a.k.a. 
  `` 020-gaza '' , 020 being the amsterdam area code ) and the hague ( schilderswijk , a.k.a. 
  `` the sharia triangle '' ) . 
  full of reactionary , mostly moroccan islamists that openly sympatise with is . 
  we 've already seen riots and bloody gang violence , it 's only a matter of time before they graduate to blowing shit up . 
  and do n't forget , we 've already had one high profile terrorist murder ( theo van gogh ) , plus the arrest and conviction of the `` hofstadgroup '' before they could carry out their plans . 
  the clock is ticking . 
  yeah , nobody cared about marc dutroux . 
  so it 's new now that they are doing it in amsterdam ? 
  i was involved in the election of the first night-mayor in the hague back in the 90s . 
  and i think we stole the idea from rotterdam , where jules deelder was the de factor night-mayor . 
  in general , people fleeing from violence and war stop fleeing once they 've found safety , food and shelter . 
  this camp is in the north of france ... 
  you 're mistaking europe for the eu . 
  that would leave the entire western world pretty much without statues . 
  20 years or 20 days , the eu has been ever expanding to include corrupt , reactionary and undemocratic countries that in turn increasingly take away from our sovereignty and prosperity . 
  we have a chance to draw a line in the sand , and we 'll take it . 
  also , i agree with / u/vanlynxnaarrechts : this attitude is n't helping . 
  we 've done a lot and continue to do a lot to help out ukraine . 
  as we did with a wide range of countries in eastern and southern europe . 
  and all we get is a `` fuck you '' as soon as we refuse to hand out more money or give up more of our sovereignty . 
  and getting blackmailed on top of it . 
  all the while whilst these countries refuse to reform even * after * they 've become part of the eu . 
  we 're done . 
  no , wait , that is n't even true . 
  we 'll still help , despite the constant `` fuck you '' . 
  we 're just done doing it on other people 's terms . 
  you may have noticed that this whole text assumes the existence of a government . 
  that 's just utter bs . 
  that 's like saying `` i 'm anti-nsdap , not anti-nazi '' . 
  the islam is the ideology , the muslims are its followers . 
  without muslims , it would be pointless to be anti-islam , it would be like being anti-olympians . 
  ( i 'm just making the wild assumption that nobody worships the greek gods anymore . ), 
  if you make such nonsensical distinctions , you 're probably embarrassed by something . 
  some things have changed though : * incumbent parties have collapsed completely . 
  only the vvd is still somewhat relevant . 
  * greece , the refugee crisis and the terror attacks in paris have turned wilder 's scary stories into reality . 
  time for denial is over . 
  * the economic crisis is pretty much over . 
  people are less fearful of change . 
  * incumbent parties had adopted part wilder 's rhetoric before the last elections , only to go back to denial once the elections were over . 
  that 's not going to work a second time . 
  the big test will be the referendum . 
  if that becomes a victory for the anti-eu crowd , i do n't think there will be any turning back this time unless the pvv self-destructs . 
  that of a bundesland of germany . 
  because there is no way to form a government from these numbers . 
  note that i 'm not saying * stable * or even * minority * government . 
  the numbers and ideologies simply do n't add up , the kind of compromises needed for a broad minority coalition would be political suicide . 
  of course technically we 're still a kingdom , so we may have to go old school . 
  we 'll probably be fine without a government for a year or so , so plenty of time to figure something out . 
  it 's not like the current toothless coalition has been making any relevant decisions . 
  with no sane options left , more and more of us will choose the clown who at least acknowledges the problem . 
  also , most people seem to forget that unlike most anti-muslim and anti-eu populists , wilders is n't particularly right-wing . 
  not homophobic , not anti-semitic and most of his social and economic policies are left of center ( and that for dutch values of left and right ) . 
  fuck all to do with `` ethnicity '' . 
  i know plenty of people from various ethnicities who feel dutch ( including much of my family ) , which does n't mean they do n't feel surinamese , antillean , chinese or whatever . 
  the two do n't exclude each other at all , just like being italian - or irish - american . 
  and there is a minority of moroccans and turks that manage to do the same thing , being dutch without denying their roots , so it 's not like it 's impossible for them . 
  however , amongst these * specific groups * there is a strong tendency to resist becoming dutch . 
  this is a * choice * , not some universal truth . 
  a choice that seems to be largely informed by an anti-western religion and an extreme nationalistic home government that tries to influence their citizens abroad . 
  the notion that being dutch has much to do with ethnicity has died generations ago . 
  i actually know very few fellow countrymen who can call themselves `` ethnic dutch '' , i 'm certainly not one of them . 
  if there was ever an ethnic cleansing in this country , me and most people i know would be royally fucked . 
  whenever i happen to be in a dutch village where the vast majority is still `` ethnic dutch '' , it feels like an anachronism . 
  being dutch is a * choice * , granted , not a simple one , but one that is explicitly being rejected by specific groups on mostly ideological grounds . 
  yes , shame on me for not wanting my safe , liberal , `` bourgeois '' nation terrorised by aggressive , intolerent scum with reactionary ideas about gays , women and life in general . 
  it 's not rhetoric , this is what 's happening on the streets of the neighborhoods i grew up in , where people of multiple colors used to live in relative peace . 
  this is exactly the kind of pathological denial that drives ordinary working class people into the open arms of the far right . 
  there 's literally blood on the pavement but people pointing it out are `` angsty '' . 
  sure . 
  your one of those idiots who aligns themselves with the intolerant just because they happen to be `` brown '' immigrants this time and believes that makes you progressive . 
  meanwhile , the entire issue has nothing to do with immigration . 
  despite the unemployment , 50 % of the people i hire are immigrants . 
  well paid immigrants , because i ca n't find qualified people locally .
