the thing is , many of the rich genuinely believe it is n't . 
  delusional ? 
  maybe , but the delusion is mutual . 
  otherwise the revolution would be happening right now . 
  abolishing the 11pm curfew has n't stopped brits from getting hammered before 11 . 
  wherever they are in the world . 
  or not . 
  schengen and border agreements preceding it did n't originally extend all the way to backwardonia and notaxcollectia . 
  i do n't remember crossing those borders ever being an issue pre-schengen . 
  and nowadays we have better technology to make it run even smoother . 
  the only ones who would suffer a bit of delay at the borders would be truck drivers . 
  i live in amsterdam . 
  do n't even get me started ... 
  what typifies the greek attitude is summarised in [ varoufakis criticism of the recent agreement ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2015/07/15/the-euro-summit-agreement-on-greece-annotated-by-yanis-varoufakis/#more-9207 ) :  rate rises that encourage more vat evasion sans irony . 
  this is n't just some man in the street , this the former finance minister who basically argues that a ( perfectly normal ) tax rate is what encourages tax evasion , * instead of a lack of ethics combined with government corruption * . 
  completely oblivious . 
  now of course if you are a libertarian you may argue the ethics part , but these are left wingers that want a greece with a strong social security and a huge public sector . 
  but god forbid they should have to pay for it themselves . 
  in my experience , most greeks are well aware not all systems work that way . 
  of course my anecdotal sample comes from greeks that migrated out . 
  ( although when they actually experience it first hand it seems as much of a culture shock as our richly filled supermarkets were to people from the former eastern block . 
  knowing and experiencing are two very different things . ), 
  more about greeks openly ignoring the law and nobody bothering to enforce it . 
  helmets are compulsory in greece . 
  you know , just like paying taxes . 
  nah , that one is just too easy ... 
  not being able to afford it has never stopped them before . 
  in fact , that 's why we 're in this mess . 
  the irony is of course that they effectively destroyed what was left of both . 
  not holding referendums at short notice on hot button topics helps a lot ... 
  of course that 's going to be the line for now . 
  the eu is going to let the greeks suffer the consequences of their decision for a while . 
  then , after greece has collapsed completely , they 're going to get back to the table with `` so , you 're sure you * still * saying no to our help on our terms ? '' . 
  the referendum was the dumbest move possible , because now the eu can play hardball without looking like the assholes that made the greek people suffer . 
  because the suffering that will follow this `` no '' will make the austerity of the past years seem like a mild discomfort . 
  so what if that same company sold `` whites only '' compartments ? 
  these days , you 're nationalist if you do n't want immigration by masses with a hateful ideology , or subjugation to an undemocratic federal europe . 
  i used to , and still consider myself an internationalist . 
  i love the international culture of the place i live in ( amsterdam ) and the international team i work with . 
  my wife is an immigrant , my father was an immigrants , many of my friends are immigrants . 
  i love the europe where we can travel freely between other , _ equal _ western european nations . 
  but according to the regressive left , of which bono is a typical spokesperson , i 'm an `` hyper-nationalist '' because i want to protect the freedom and civilization that has made this all possible . 
  i do n't believe that i am the intolerant fundamentalist extremist in this debate . 
  what other country uses their f-ing military forces on a global scale to fight an ideological war against drugs ? 
  oh , so all the american tourists i trip over here every day are visiting for the architecture and just accidentally come in touch with drugs ... fuck , besides incarcerating an insane percentage of its own population because of the `` war on drugs '' , the us has always been the global boogeyman threatening anything from economic sanctions to outright invasion to any country even considering any form of legalization . 
  that policy has only been gradually relaxed in the past few years . 
  without us influence , the global climate surrounding drugs would be considerably more relaxed by now . 
  also , pressure from the us . 
  a ) you did n't visit amsterdam . 
  you probably just visited the small low-rent tourist part of amsterdam . 
  b ) most people living in the city center flee for the holidays . 
  especially in the days leading up to new year 's eve it 's 90 % tourists there . 
  hell , i prefer to work from home on those days because i do n't want to go out to run the gauntlet of tourists . 
  most dangerous time of the year to be a cyclist in amsterdam , with all those clueless wankers wondering in the middle of the road . 
  i love it when boris johnson called amsterdam sleazy , the mayor of amsterdam invited him to come see what his fellow countrymen get up to in amsterdam . 
  what is left of the sleazy part of amsterdam after the gentrification of the past decades caters mostly to brits . 
  their position is that the agreement should go ahead . 
  for that to happen it needs the support of the netherlands . 
  the people of the netherlands just said `` no '' . 
  they are publicly calling to overrule the will of the people of a sovereign nation . 
  that is disrespectful . 
  respectful would be : `` we 'll have to find another way to support ukraine '' , not `` fuck you , we 'll just do it without your consent '' . 
  oh , i dunno , respect ? 
  or at least be smart enough not to poor more oil onto the fire ? 
  yes . 
  because otherwise there is no `` we '' . 
  the eu is neither a state nor a democracy . 
  surprising how little the term `` sovereign nation '' seems to mean to some people . 
  maybe it 's possible to have a more constructive debate about our motives by not assuming we 're uneducated , uninformed idiots . 
  just a suggestion , the eu certainly does n't think so , which is the # 1 reason for people to vote no against pretty much anything the eu decides over our heads . 
  right now , a unilateral decision by the eu to adopt kittens would get a `` no '' vote . 
  however , that has nothing to do with being mislead or misinformed . 
  it has to do with being fed up . 
  i 'm pretty sure that was one of the main motivations of the no voters . 
  to stop the eu negotiating on matters for which it does n't have a democratic mandate . 
  it 's more a `` no , stop doing shit without our explicit consent '' than an absolute no . 
  remember , this is a `` no '' on something most people do n't have a really huge problem with , plus there 's the helping putin 's interests angle . 
  imagine what the outcome would be if we had a vote on 99 % of the other stuff the eu does over our heads . 
   this eu-ukraine agreement is , after all is said and done , basically a trade agreement between the eu and ukraine . 
  it 's not , that 's why the referendum was possible in the first place . 
  the eu could have created a trade agreement without needing ratification . 
  the made it a political and military agreement , which made it subject to national ratification , which in turn meant it could be made subject to a referendum under the new dutch referendum law . 
  the argument that it 's `` only '' a trade agreement is effectively countered by * the very existence of the referendum * , which makes it so pathetic that it was used as an argument by the pro-treaty side . 
  that 's an excellent example of rutte 's meaningless weasel words . 
  `` will not ignore it '' does n't mean shit . 
  either you ratify or you do n't , it 's pretty f-ing binary . 
  that 's why it 's a referendum with only two options . 
  except when it comes to the eu of course , then you simply rename it and change the rules so there 's no chance of another pesky little referendum ... fuck , we 're talking about a prime minister that has outright lied on several important decisions . 
  in his case , this is as good as outright stating he 'll ignore it . 
  i 've read enough to understand that certain elements have nothing to do with trade . 
  it does n't take a particularly high iq or great effort to do that . 
  but once again , you 're showing the typical behaviour of the supporters of this treaty : besides lying about it , attacking the opponents instead of their arguments . 
  also , mexico and canada are sovereign nations . 
  that may mean nothing to you , but to me and many no voters the fact that such agreements can be negotiated on our behalf without us is in itself a reason to vote no . 
  not only is the eu not a confederation , the people of the netherlands have clearly and explicitly voted against any further developments in that direction in a previous referendum . 
  we have n't been conquered and we have n't democratically decided to surrender our sovereignty , so yes , any suggestion that we should not be allowed to exercise our rights as the citizens of a free and democratic nation is fundamentally anti-democratic . 
  the eu should not be making decision on our behalf on matters we have never given in the hands of the eu . 
  gim me a break . 
  these are the facts : a ) it 's not a trade agreement . 
  it has many political and military components that have nothing to do with trade .
