  one has been decimated into oblivion , the other lost 25 % of their support . 
  government participation has become a suicide mission . 
  76 or more . 
  and given that it takes a broad coalition to form a majority government by a tiny margin , individual members and small parties can have a fuck ton of leverage . 
  progressive sellout that would make hillary look like a communist . 
  they sold out the working classes , they sold out the immigrants , they sold out pretty much any progressive idea that the netherlands was famous for just in order to stay in power . 
  `` win '' for values of `` win '' that would be a massive loss in most of dutch democratic history . 
  losing 10 out of the 41 seats you had and left with 31 out of 150 is a `` victory '' . 
  welcome to dutch politics , 2017 edition . 
  good luck forming a stable government . 
  turnout is currently at 73 % and people are still lining up to vote while the sun has set . 
  * that * is what true democracy looks like . 
  it 's an iq test to ensure stupid people ca n't vote . 
  i think it mostly indicates : 1 . 
  post trump shock . 
  the realization that every vote matters , even when all the options are shit . 
  fantastic weather . 
  voting has been made extremely convenient . 
  basically , there 's no excuse not to vote . 
  so , no erdogan quotes anymore ? 
  i totally forgot about one of the very few things we actually use our flag for ... 
  there is no country on the planet were people care less about their national flag . 
  they can put a tutu on our consulate for all we care . 
  although it would be an absolutely hilarious provocation if the consulate would replace the stolen flag with rainbow pride flag . 
  you think keeping those fascist cunts within our midst would be better ? 
  i 'd rather have them show their true colors now than to have them turn on us when the shit actually hits the fan . 
  which was hilarious given that oranges have zero symbolic meaning and the word for orange in both turkish and dutch has fuck all to do with the color orange . 
  trampling stroopwafels would have had more impact . 
  so in neither dutch nor turkish does the word for orange have anything to do with the color orange or the house of oranje , nor do oranges have any other symbolic meaning to the dutch . 
  and obviously , oranges do n't grow in the netherlands . 
  symbolism fail . 
  trampling stroopwafels would have been more of an insult . 
  i would like to take this opportunity to thank the eu and our fellow eu nations for their full support in this matter . 
  `` anecdotally '' , i pay my senior developers way more than that . 
  and so does any decent company , because $ 4200 is the knowledge worker visa threshold . 
  i do agree that tech sector wages are depressed in nl , and in for a dramatic reality check , but still , $ 4500 is the absolute minimum i pay senior devs , and several earn considerably more than that . 
  wages have been rising steadily , but with the increase of internationally successful startups and the influx of us companies having dev teams in nl . 
  also , yes , apartments in amsterdam proper are becoming insanely expensive , but living there is a luxury . 
  most people that work there live well outside the city in much larger rent controlled places for way less , and still have a commute of around 30 minutes . 
  amsterdam is really , really tiny , and public transport is excellent . 
  this is what i mean by quality of life . 
  the same applies to sf , nyc , london , etcetera , only then you 'll have to add an hour to your commute , and at least another $ 500 to your rent . 
   small homes  extremely tiny portions of food , especially meats [ true , that is a major difference . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xapzn2gd3pq ), 
  the number of times i 've had to explain to americans how we can have roughly the same standard of living ( better if you count work-life balance ) in most of europe on 30 % less salary than them . 
  start speaking french to flemish persons . 
  start speaking dutch to walloons . 
  or how about : `` love belgian beer , especially heineken !, 
  wait , who actually does that ? 
  the same level of denial with which most brits here thought brexit would n't happen , and most americans though trump would never be president . 
  we try not to think about the ungovernable clusterfuck our country will become after the march elections . 
  or alternatively , we could just live together as neighbours without any of the hollow rhetoric from either side . 
  this bs is just as much an extremist statement against diversity as anti-immigrant sentiments . 
  `` the netherlands '' as in * `` a politician 2 months before the election that is expected to obliterate the remains of his party and destroy his hopes of ever becoming prime minister '' * . 
  edit : an election that may very well see an anti-eu party as the winner . 
  better idea : a nascar race . 
  but the greatest contribution of course is that the french let us all pick our naff last names . 
  we told the north sea not to , pointing to the corpse of the south sea to show it what would happen if it tried . 
  no , clearly this is the turkish infiltrators trying to pit us nazis against each other . 
  it did n't happen , europa is this great paradise where all people of all ethnicities hold hands and sing kumbaya . 
  regards , the eu seriously though , regardless of which side of the argument you 're on , how can you expect people to have an informed vote about the european integration if they are not taught the most significant events of recent european history ? 
  ignorance is no better a foundation than xenophobia . 
  let 's be honest , the fact that europe threats the balkans as the embarrassing backward cousins nobody likes to talk about is n't entirely europe 's fault , now is it ? 
   if someone posts `` 1 +1 = 3 '' in a math subreddit - should he get banned ? 
  excellent analogy . 
  because someone who posts that is obviously trolling and trying to provoke rather than having a discussion . 
  you ca n't have constructive debate with people who wilfully reject facts and reality . 
  all they do is disrupt , and 99 % of the time disruption is their actual intent . 
  they only reason why they post their `` opinion '' is in an effort to silence others , either by disrupting or simply by outnumbering . 
  the sad irony is , if you want as many people as possible to be heard , you have to silence the ones that do n't want that to happen at all . 
  it 's not even a matter of bravery . 
  the were n't even allowed to fight . 
  fighting would have been a combination of mutiny and causing an international conflict with the rest of the un . 
  i do n't see any soldiers who will fight and die defending a small foreign town when both their own country and a command representing * almost the entire fucking world * tell them to stand down . 
  that 's a nice rationalisation , until you try to discuss solving any problem with a broad group of dutch people and you quickly find out that the only solution you can reach consensus on is the best possible solution , ever . 
  all you need to add is the fact that we have these kind of problems ( water , transportation , lack of space ) a lot and you get this . 
  but we do n't feel guilty about shit , and we are n't any more environmentally conscious than any other nation in this part of europe . 
  i congratulate you on the achievement of having ancestors . 
  fail to see how that entitles * you * to anything , but whatever . 
  by the way , by `` the wealth of this country '' you do n't happen to mean the wealth your ancestors have stolen from countries around the world and the millions they killed in the process ? 
  would you also like to be `` entitled '' to the debt they incurred by doing that ? 
  and a considerable part of western europe . 
  and not just around the mediterranean . 
  ( source : i live in amsterdam ), 
  can we just not repent and give almere back to the sea anyway ? 
  and this is why i still wo n't trust europhiles . 
  any critical note is immediately countered with unfounded fear mongering . 
  how about we focus on becoming the shining beacon of freedom and democracy we * could * be instead of trying to pressure people into submission through fear and manipulation ? 
  how 's same sex marriage coming along in romania ? 
  because * those * are the reasons i do n't want to be in a corrupt union with backward fascist countries . 
  i do n't want the eu to become like the us , that may be a big step forward for romania , but multiple steps backward for the netherlands . 
  the eu without fundamental reform is no better than the alternatives . 
  it 's not so much the enemies , it 's that those who we traditionally considered our allies ( us , uk , even turkey ) have been turning against the values we thought we shared . 
  personally , i would have preferred to see the eu collapse so that we could build something less corrupt and more democratic in its place . 
  but now that it 's become clear that we are all alone out there and the clock is ticking , i see no option but to reluctantly rally around the eu and hope we get some real reform after the uk is out . 
  nothing weird about it . 
  the one thing all of those `` enemies '' have in common is being prudish and sexually repressed . 
  it 's not that we are so much more progressive in reality , but we like to use the contrast as a way to express our identity . 
  it 's one area in which we can claim to be `` better '' than them . 
   `` insane guys in charge just doing random stuff ''  `` plain chaos '' if you think the us administration would be an improvement , you have n't followed the news lately ...
