  i 'm all in favour of a liberal immigration policy , i would be in big trouble without it . 
  let me spell it out for you : * i believe we need immigrants * . 
  but i happen to be against letting people in who openly support a reactionary and violent ideology , and i do n't care what color they are , what part of the world they come from or what deity they worship . 
  i do n't want to let in large numbers of white american klu klux klan members from mississippi that hide behind the bible either , so why am i a racist for not wanting to make an exception for similar scum that hides behind the quran ? 
  it 's not my rhetoric that 's the same as the far right . 
  * it 's yours . 
  * the differences between various extremists are usually marginal . 
  most of us are the peaceful victims of fanatical cunts like you who think what they believe is the truth , and wo n't tolerate anything else . 
  even if it means having to exterminate them . 
  dehumanizing and demonizing them is always a good start , does n't really matter if you call them `` racists '' , `` kafirs '' or `` niggers '' , it 's all part of the same old tactic . 
  you call me a racist , so i stop mattering as a human being . 
  you have no shame . 
  in most cases , politicians are n't particularly credible about when and how they change their views . 
  also , we 're talking about politicians who 's views are n't credible to begin with . 
  for instance , every single mainstream politician in the netherlands is smart enough to * know * that on the one hand being ethnically moroccan is n't the root cause of the problem , but one the other hand there is a clear connection between certain issues and the moroccan minority that is more than just an accidental statistical correlation . 
  but instead of politicians who base their views on reality , we get politicians that deny all evidence and pick implausible extremes they can put into slick soundbites . 
  these politicians do n't `` change their minds '' , they lie about what they really believe in the first place , and just adjust their lies to suit their goals . 
  a genuine change of view is like malcolm x changing his views on race relations after going to mecca and seeing muslims of all colors . 
  but that was a man for whom this was a genuine revelation . 
  our politicians already know the facts , and they prefer to lie about them , so they can sell us easy answers . 
  populists have perfected this art , but pretty much all politicians do it . 
  half my family , including my father and brother , fall in the category `` brown people '' , so you may want to rethink your notions of `` what corner '' i 'm coming from . 
  it 's people like you that are the real racists , the people who think in colors instead of human beings and their behavior , and project their sick notions on others . 
  and yes , that * behavior * , the disgusting and aggressively anti-western behavior of specific groups of immigrants and their descendants has been deliberately and systematically ignored and buried . 
  especially if people dare to point out the remarkable correlation between that and a certain ideology that literally advocates such behavior . 
  usually by shooting the messenger and calling them racists , just like you 're doing now . 
  ( also , today 's fn is n't racist . 
  anti-semitic , anti-islam , homophobic and disgustingly reactionary in general yes , but racist , not so much . 
  you do realize that scumbags come in all available colors , right ? ), 
  wilders is whatever suits him . 
  like most populist you ca n't trust them to hold any political line if they see an opportunity , so it 's hard to tell the difference between what he really believes and what is just part of making himself acceptable in a liberal culture . 
  he shifts as he sees fit . 
  at the beginning of his career as an independent , him encouraging a crowd to shout `` less moroccans '' would have been unthinkably extreme . 
  what we do know is his party is openly supported by those that have ideologies similar to those of the bnp 's and fn 's . 
  he 's progressive on social issues , but that applies to most so-called `` extreme right wing '' parties , all the way back to the nazis . 
  the only thing that sets him apart from other right-wing nutcases is his support for gays and jews , but that could also be an opportunistic `` my enemies enemies '' thing . 
  although his love for israel is real enough . 
  if there 's no one to vote for who is willing to solve the problem , the people will eventually turn to those who at least addresses the problem . 
  especially after decades of denial . 
  it 's like getting the shit kicked out of you every day and the only one willing to help you , or even acknowledge you could use some help , is some skinhead with faded nazi tattoo . 
  that 's how more and more voters feel about fn and other populist parties with questionable tendencies . 
  i will never vote for parties like fn , or wilders in my own country , but i can totally understand those that do . 
  also , it 's pretty much impossible . 
  we 're a dairy country , just try to get `` poor quality '' butter and milk anywhere . 
  it 's simply not available . 
  the only problem we have is having too f-ing much of it . 
  the us is generally more militaristic than us , but i think this part has more to do with the shame of how they treated us soldiers after vietnam . 
  the awful irony of course that besides that they still treat veterans like shit . 
  hey , but at least they 're now getting thanked ... 
  you just mentioned two groups that are n't a `` race '' by any definition . 
  it 's so typical that for lack of actual racism , and the accompanying cheap and easy vilification and victimization , we keep stretching the definition of racism until it has become utterly meaningless . 
  give it a few years and hating people that wear white socks will be considered racism ... 
  not just your opinion , that 's why all democracies enshrine these rights in such a way that it 's very very hard for an opportunistic majority to tamper with them . 
  unfortunately , this does n't apply to types of minorities who 's existence was n't recognized at the time . 
  not that homosexuality was unknown , but it was considered something people do , not something they fundamentally are . 
  now that we do know better , you can pretty much objectively state that discrimination based on sexual orientation is anti-democratic , regardless of how the majority feels about it . 
  so yes , tyranny . 
  yes , forbidding something is the total opposite of allowing something . 
  it 's not melodramatic , it 's a clear and unambiguous language as opposed to newspeak and weasel words . 
  i 'm perfectly okay with a nuanced discussion about the desirability and pros and cons of net neutrality , but claiming this regulation * is * net neutrality is simply nuts . 
   you are allowed to over-implement eu regulations , and your national legislature is allowed to have oversight over the coming net neutrality rules . 
  that 's what i mean by poking holes . 
  and disrespecting sovereignty . 
  also , you missed the part where we have to rape our existing actual net neutrality rules in order to do so . 
   and those `` opportunistic '' politicians , were n't they the same ones that approved your net neutrality deal in the first place ? 
  or have they completely changed in the last 3 years ? 
  you understand the essence of democracy ? 
  yes , they 've changed completely . 
  we do n't exactly live in politically stable times either . 
  which is why we construct the law in such a way that it takes a bit more than some politician leaning on some regulatory oversight body to be able to cancel out our rights . 
  it 's not a perfect system by any means , but taking the safety locks off certainly does n't help . 
   it 's not a ruling against anything , except for not having net neutrality at all . 
  it guarantees a minimum setting for net neutrality , and if a member country want it more strict than that , then they are free to do so . 
  the orwellian newspeak here is terrifying . 
  especially the `` minimum setting for net neutrality '' part . 
  net neutrality does n't exist on a sliding scale . 
  it 's as nonsensical as `` being a little bit pregnant '' . 
  sure , there are a thousand different ways to formulate and regulate net neutrality , it 's very hard to get right , and attempts to do so may have holes in it that need to be plugged afterwards . 
  but a formulation that * deliberately * allows priority traffic and zero rating simply is n't net neutrality , it 's the damn opposite . 
  it 's like saying that a law that allows some discrimination agains some tones of skin color is a civil rights law . 
  sure , as a nation we may be allowed to `` over-implement '' , and not discriminate at all , but that does n't make that law anything other than accommodating racism , not stopping it . 
  it is pure propaganda to claim this is a law supporting net neutrality , when its obvious intent is to facilitate its opponents . 
  net neutrality has no exceptions . 
  managing traffic to keep the network running is common sense , but exceptions for specific services and allowing zero rating is the opposite of net neutrality . 
  the eff does n't claim the eu law equals net neutrality , they merely state that for most of the eu , it 's an improvement on what they had before . 
  which is both true and irrelevant for the citizens of the netherlands , who had actual , real , 100 % net neutrality and now get it taken away . 
  i understand exactly what the law is about . 
  it 's a * compromise * , a compromise that technically benefits most of the eu citizens . 
  although i even disagree with that , since they will now get to swallow the sickening propaganda lie that this law * equals * actual net neutrality . 
  which means the odds of ever getting real net neutrality guarantees get smaller and smaller . 
  how do advocate for something people already believe they have ? 
  but most of all , it 's a compromise that also means the 16 million people of the sovereign nation of the netherlands lose their guaranteed net neutrality . 
  that 's just sickening . 
  of all the shit the eu does i may disagree with , diminishing our civil rights is crossing the line . 
  i do n't get my information from reddit , thank you very much . 
  i have followed this issue for many years . 
  and / u/what _ about_this is incorrect . 
  the eu abomination is * not * net neutrality , and in the context of the dutch law , it 's the total opposite of net neutrality . 
  * we * had net neutrality . 
  the real thing .
