  this does n't infringe on the geneva convention or some other international set of laws germany signed on to . 
  you are being overly dramatic . 
  i know i 'll be downvoted but i am in favour of this . 
  all this does is apply laws that already exist to the online space . 
  i know people are worried things that are n't hate speech might get deleted but you can always go to court if you believe your rights are being stepped on . 
  credible source link , please . 
  source ? 
  well , do n't get us started on education then . 
  it is fascinating for me as a german that young people still move to the western states of germany . 
  i have lived in the west all my life , so i do not know if opportunities and jobs are still bad in the `` new states '' . 
  how is that not true ? 
  they can leave at any time . 
  it just happens to be a complicated process . 
  you mean americans who think their great grandfather being irish makes them irish . 
  it is not the goal , it is simply a result of finding new people without a previous mandate . 
  he is not preferring people for being women , he just hires them based on competence which naturally ends with a rough 50/50 because women are just as competent . 
  how so ? 
  this is only the first round after all . 
  how so ? 
  minorities do not deserve to rule . 
  these are predictions based on the first round . 
  the second is next week . 
  on the contrary , i believe a majority like this if decided by a legit democratic process , is the best case scenario . 
  opposition is meant to keep government in check under the assumption that most people did not unify under one single candidate or party . 
  but the people have decided to give macron and his party the power to make all the changes they promised . 
  it is a democracy , so by what right do they deserve representation ? 
  this really is a revolutionary change in france 's politics . 
  this is like the obama euphoria , except macron will have little to no resistance in parliament !, 
  this is sad but i never heard of this happening before , so i do not think this will serve as the beginning of unarmed police . 
  for example , in 2015 police fired only 40 bullets and killed only 10 people . 
  very responsible gun use . 
  even in this case the shooter was only lightly wounded . 
  can you explain to me why people in that place were so hyped about a grocery store ? 
  location ? 
  is lidl a big brand to those who did not previously have it ? 
  they have a right to asylum . 
  they are refugees , not immigrants . 
  which makes it still just as relevant . 
  because you ca n't make a sweeping statement about europe as if respecting women that way is not a thing * anywhere * in europe . 
  especially since greeting women first is actually a rule of politeness as defined by knigge . 
  yes it is . 
  where i am from in germany , you always greet women first . 
  german here . 
  hate speech is clearly defined as encouraging violence against individuals or groups of people for their race , faith etc. 
  even in america that 's a crime . 
  crimes stay crimes even on the internet . 
  hate speech is very clearly defined . 
  even in america hate speech is a crime when it encourages violence . 
  i do n't think you understand enough to judge any of this . 
  you ca n't just redefine hate speech to fit your agenda . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  criminal activities remain criminal even on the internet . 
  as you can tell by the article , this is a way of life for many clans which force their children and women to participate in criminal activity . 
  it has nothing to do with racism , in fact , we acknowledge that half of these people are victims of their surroundings and the culture they are a part of . 
  lunch every day . 
  the problem is that the two songs to chose from were predetermined rather than a creation of the respective artists . 
  completely idiotic . 
  to politicize the vote , i suppose . 
  thanks but our song was crap . 
  generic bullshit prepicked for the most part by a jury , not the people . 
  i did n't even watch our selection show this year because it made no sense . 
  they chose the top singers not based on a song written for them but a cover they chose . 
  our `` pick '' had chosen an adele song , so to the next round she goes . 
  then they had several people sing the same songs several times to pick which one of the two generic shit-songs would be `` our song '' ( name of the pre-lim show ), 
  dude , i feel the same . 
  i remember listening to the song a few months ago once because i did n't watch the `` unser song '' show ( because it is always awful ) . 
  such a generic piece of shit . 
  [ the song already had tons of dislikes then as well . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpeskctvdkk ) who voted for this crap ? 
  i mean ... what kind of unit if measure is that ? 
  why measure the population of refugees with another tiny minority of immigrants ? 
  like , holy shit there are more cubans in texas than dominicans now !, 
  thanks obama / s, 
  they will feel plenty of consequences as is . 
  it is in the interest of the eu to get the this over with as quickly as possible . 
  that would give the market more security . 
  the problem is that the uk does not want to finish the brexit before the new deals are made . 
  they want both simultaneously because they know they wo n't have much of a bargain chip otherwise . 
  as a german myself , i do not want the brits to get totally rolled over in the upcoming deals . 
  times are tough and i do not want an entire people to develop a grudge over blaming other countries for their economic problems , sounds too familiar . 
  however !, 
  i still want the eu to remain consistent and consequent . 
  the brits wanted out of the eu and that includes the eu internal market . 
  i doubt they will be able to get deals that are as good as the ones they had access to within the eu . 
  if you quit your job , do not expect to keep your employee discount . 
  i do not like the attitude of some british politicians who seem to think they can get all the advantages of the eu without being in the club . 
  i want a deal which suits the uk 's position as a worthwhile trade partner outside of the eu . 
  i am sure aforementioned politicians in the uk will call even that unfair and will demand special treatment but they simply ca n't expect to get deals that are as good as before . 
  do you actually speak german ? 
  because overall , crime has stayed the same , it is only that the percentiles shifted . 
  the video explains how rise of violence it is not an issue of ethnicity or nationality but of demographic , so there goes your point about foreigners being to blame . 
  also , other crimes such as break-ins were reduced much more . 
  or perhaps you only read those two sentences below the video ? 
  besides , you clearly spoke of ethnic purity when you speak of `` ethnic replacement '' as if race has anything to do with national identity nowadays . 
  but i appreciate the lack of self-awareness on your part when it comes to labeling . 
  quite amusing . 
  youths between 16 and 21 who came to germany without any family as refugees . 
  they are being charged , at least one of them as an adult as well . 
  i remember this story from last year , it is nice to hear the update but i would n't consider this news . 
  those of us who actually leave the house or even travel abroad find a common currency very convenient .
