[ tom of finland is a historically important artist . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxpyqxgl4wq ) ten thousand miles i travelled . 
  i am surprised you have n't heard of him . 
  yes . 
  his aesthetic is pretty famous . 
  [ i advise everyone to keep an eye on the upcoming film `` tom of finland '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxpyqxgl4wq ) . 
  this man pretty much invented modern homo-eroticism and did a lot for the early lgbt community . 
  that is very true . 
  most purity laws of the torah and bible have little to do with god and more with just staying clean and healthy in a time where people did n't know what bacteria and germs are . 
  this is also the reason why people in the dark ages blamed jews for various plagues . 
  they just seemed to stay healthy while the rest was sick . 
  i mean , if you are really religious , finding this out would be pretty distressing . 
  imagine your average rosary wearing grandma . 
  now tell her she has unknowingly committed a sin which she has dedicated her diet and life to avoid . 
  i know reddit is super anti-religion but keep in mind that is plays a big role in the lives of millions . 
  as a catholic , i do not really follow any religious diet but i do try to do at least some fasting in the time before easter and friday is a day as good as any to have fish . 
  i have eaten horse meat before , so i know that it 's petty good and i would n't care if it was revealed that i have been eating horse meat but i did not get what i payed for so i would be irritated on a secular level . 
  i mean , it 's been less than 27 years . 
  it will take time for that scar to fade . 
  again , reparations are not the same as country debt but it looks like it is useless to explain that to you for a third time . 
  what happened 70 years ago has no bearing on what the greek government did to themselves since the 90 's . 
  two completely separate affairs . 
  when does greece pay reparations to the persians ? 
  i was n't making a point about solidarity , i was replying to someone who brought up solidarity out of nowhere . 
  it was not my `` original point '' . 
  but sure , since you have no leg to stand on , hop away . 
  again , most of germany 's debt was inland , not owed to other countries . 
  you are mixing terms . 
  reparations are not the same as debt in a modern economy . 
  the allies split germany and then decided what to do with it . 
  most decided to free their states and let them unite to be their own country . 
  also , saying greece 's debt comes from buying stuff shows that you have no idea where country debt comes from or how it is handled . 
  that 's reparations . 
  besides , how exactly are those two comparable ? 
  greece managed to amass a huge debt on itself in a time of piece and tried to hide it . 
  i love how people 's defense to `` wow , greece you have been fucking up bad since the 90 's '' is `` well , hitler , okay ?!? 
  fucking pay up from 70 years ago ! '', 
  just ask the child of someone like that . 
  we are talking about the legislation which does not include the word mother anymore , so i have no idea what you are getting at . 
  i am not sure what you are getting at since adoptive mothers are no longer called mothers under is new law either . 
  in fact , they can not even be called the person who gave birth . 
  i think you are mixing several different kinds of debt here . 
  i think you mean reparations which were partly forgiven . 
  we are talking about debt which greece has accumulated over the last two decades . 
  hardly comparable . 
  1 billion in profit over 10 years is hardly anything for a country and it is only the result of the aid germany is generously giving greece . 
  of course the money is n't free , greece has to pay it back with a small interest . 
  solidarity does n't mean that debt should just be forgiven . 
  i clearly differentiated between biological and non-bio mothers . 
  but hey , since we are being precise , let 's just call them `` persons who take care of the child despite having no relation '' . 
  suddenly you do not sound so liberal :o but seriously , of course they can be mothers . 
  do n't try to check my `` liberal pass '' or whatever you are trying to do . 
  i am talking about semantics , not rights . 
  umm , did you see what happened to germany during the crisis ? 
  you ca n't even compare the eu to the usa in any way . 
  they had no common plan as a union . 
  compare individual countries . 
  no that is what charity is . 
  aid means they send huge money packages and take it back with interest over the years . 
  no , that is the mother 's spouse . 
  the logic behind eliminating the word mother is completely backwards . 
  the mother is the one who birthed the child . 
  if you need different words for the non-biological `` mother '' , make a new one for the spouse that was n't pregnant . 
  do n't change the possibly oldest word in every language . 
  besides , why would any woman who wants to be a mother want to have that taken away from her ? 
  now no mother in that country can be called a mother in official documents . 
  it is literally `` if i ca n't be a mother , no one can ! '', 
  i am super liberal and i am in favor of gay marriage all over the world but this nonsense has to stop because it will make people hostile towards that agenda . 
  because it feels like they are taking things away from everyone else . 
  you should be happy that mutti merkel adopted you guys . 
  if the polls are to be believed , the german public would have left you to your own devices years ago . 
  some do not like that tax money is paying for another country . 
  sure , the greek hate the debt and the austerity measures , but just imagine what things would look like without german aid . 
  that person is still the mother . 
  facebook has never been about free speech . 
  political discourse on facebook as idiotic as is since free speech is not a thing there anyways . 
  the german law changes nothing , it only gives them a legal standard instead of facebooks usual censorship . 
  facebook always had the power you fear , nothing changed about that other than holding them to their responsibility of curating their own platform . 
  i find it interesting how you are moving the goalpost from germany 's laws to facebook guidelines . 
  also , the process of introducing this new law was entirely democratic . 
  it 's not like the courts were circumvented for this . 
  you do not get to break the law just because you are on facebook . 
  the internet is not a lawless space . 
  if you are afraid that facebook agreed to criminal activity , leave facebook . 
  if you think germany is back to a nazi-level regime , use your voice in the next election to change it . 
  this is about social media . 
  facebook is not a bastion of free speech . 
  if anything , germany has kept facebook in check over many privacy issues . 
  and yes it does matter that hatespeech is clearly defined because if facebook is too trigger happy , you can go to court . 
  that is your right . 
  if you do not care enough to go to court over your opinion piece , that is your own fault . 
  you even admit that many `` experts '' do not see a violation of the grundgesetz , so your oh-so-clear criminal case is not that one sided after all . 
  it does not change anything about how free speech is handled in germany . 
  facebook posts could always get you into legal trouble . 
  they are simply telling facebook to curate their website in accordance to the laws that were already in place . 
  hate speech is clearly defined . 
  you ca n't use this to censor things that are n't hate speech . 
  if something were to be deleted that should n't , you can take it to court . 
  besides , this is about social media and facebook , not proper news outlets with journalistic integrity . 
  also , what does `` criminal state '' even mean ?
