we do export a lot . 
  but it gives us monies . 
  lots and lots of it . 
  problem is we got addicted to it . 
  in terms of self-reliance it would be better to slow down export a bit . 
  i 'm so glad we got our own . 
  sure , we get some minor earthquakes in return , but anything is better than getting railed by russia . 
  they were not specifically looking for asbestos . 
  investigations into the crash needed to be done about the crash on site . 
  in combination with the chemicals and possibly asbestos in the rubble made it important to wear a suit . 
  i do n't know what the actual conspiretards say , but i highly doubt something nefarious went down . 
  explain ? 
  dude that flat must 've been full of asbestos . 
  no way that i would go near it without a suit like that . 
  in my opinion it was more a cover up to avoid mass panic than an actual conspiracy . 
  i think it is because the predicted average sea level rise due to thermal expansion is included in this model . 
  so the effect of thermal expansion of seawater might be counter-acted by the loss of the icecap . 
  i 'm not entirely sure of this assumption however . 
  i will try to find the paper when i am home . 
  but we still have to keep in mind that this a theoretical model that only happens if the entire cap melts . 
  that will take a long time and thermal expansion is what is important now and for a long time in the future . 
  edit : i found out what 's going on . 
  it 's not thermal expansion . 
  i made [ this picture to explain it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mamjbpv.png ) . 
  the meltwater contributes to a global sea level rise . 
  but up to a certain distance the gravity of the ice sheet affected the sea level before it disappeared . 
  in scotland the ( sea level rise due to meltwater ) - ( the sea level loss due to gravity ) has a negative effect on sealevel ( it is lowered ) . 
  in the netherlands it has a positive effect , but not as much as on the other side of the world where the gravity of the greenland ice sheet had no effect to begin with . 
  the presentation i saw ( currently looking for the sources ) stated that we were just inside the zone that would benefit us . 
  if the antarctic icecap would melt ( chances are low ) however we are extra fucked . 
  edit : we would have a more subtle sealevel rise . 
   if only the greenland ice sheet melted , sea levels would fall along the shores of scotland , and the netherlands would see only one-fifth the average sea-level rise worldwide . 
  source : http://harvardmagazine.com/2010/05/gravity-of-glacial-melt however , we must keep in mind this only happens when the entire greenland icesheet melts . 
  if it does n't than thermal expansion of seawater will counteract any benefit we have from reduction of the icesheet . 
  i was unaware that we were sinking , i thought we were relatively on the tipping point so no lifting , no sinking . 
  interestingly , there is a theory that we have experienced a sea level drop when the icecap disappeared . 
  basically the theory is that the large mass of an icecap has an attraction to the seawater , meaning the relative sea level was higher near an icecap . 
  not that it is relevant to our situation now , but i thought it was interesting . 
  source : http://sealevelstudy.org/sea-change-science/whats-in-a-number/attractive-ice-sheets, 
  this will also counteract some sealevel rise in some areas when the greenland icecap melts . 
  it is very slow however . 
  but it is more complicated than that . 
  basically , the large mass of ice has a certain attraction ( gravity ) to the seawater , meaning the relative sealevel near the icecap is higher than further away . 
  when the icecap disappears , the sealevel near the icecap will go down . 
  it is something that is currently being researched . 
  do n't know if it is relevant , but interesting nontheless . 
  source ( more or less ) : http://sealevelstudy.org/sea-change-science/whats-in-a-number/attractive-ice-sheets, 
  too bad glacial uplifting in our country is limited . 
  landmines ( only anti-personnel ) are only banned since 16 years ago ( the us is * not * part of this treaty due to the korean dmz ) . 
  crazy how short ago these evil things have been banned from warfare . 
  it 's going to take a long time before drones will go . 
  as horrible as it sounds , cluster bombs were bees knees back then . 
  they are very effective over larger areas . 
  problem is is that they are used for nefarious purposes ( like civilians ) and leave behind large quantities of unexploded ammunition . 
  it 's been less than 10 years that we stopped using them . 
  that 's such a toddler way of arguing . 
  `` but timmy did it too ! '', 
  just because there are more than one wrong in the world does n't make them all ok . 
  that 's reaching for it , do n't you think ? 
  so what your saying it is to troll people ? 
  it does n't add anything . 
  but if you want to go through the trouble just go ahead . 
  i like the idea , but it 's triggering the ptsd i got from french class !, 
  may i ask why you always add the french comment ? 
  plus they arrive scared after a long harsh journey , unknowing who to trust and with a huge cultural difference . 
  not every person unwilling to disclose everything to the authorities is nefarious . 
  if you flee a country because your government is persecuting you , you might be hesitant to talk to any government employee from another . 
  i guess just do n't pick up hitchhikers or travel with people you do n't know . 
  it makes me sad . 
  these people just probably helped someone out who they thought was is in need only to be shot in the back . 
  i would have done the same . 
  this ruined my trust in the world . 
  horrible ... 
  maybe an ignorant question , but will the government be able to cope with a yes ? 
  would n't it be a huge slap in the face ? 
  how were these sightlines picked ? 
  just the people who made the most fuss that the could n't see it anymore ? 
  words can be hurtful , and you usually do n't act when you are offended . 
  this is also the case here . 
  it is n't about acting out your freedom of speech anymore , it 's whether or not this is bullying . 
  of course you can call the kid on the playground fat because maybe he is . 
  but rubbing it in his face until he snaps is morraly wrong . 
  i 'm not implying that the extremist are in anyway right for lashing out . 
  i 'm just arguing that maybe the way some people use the right to free speech just to plainly offend a large group of people who are citizens in our own country are not heroes for doing so . 
  purposely kicking every person against the shins who have nothing to do with the problems is n't helping anyone . 
  i get that you might see it as something noble . 
  it 's not . 
  all he wants is attention so his political party remains relevant . 
  yeah , that is indeed the point of this conversation . 
  we know that it can be dangerous but in the light of freedom of speech and everything . 
  but blowing out of proportion every time one idiot is purposely trying to piss people of is only strengthening the feeling of fear in the general public . 
  if he really wants to go through with it , we have no way of stopping him . 
  but every uproar we make the more it will be seen by extremists . 
  streisand effect . 
  so fuck him . 
  let him do it . 
  i am not shouting to stop him . 
  it will only make things worse . 
  it 's not like any extremist is going to stop because the anti wilders movement has 1000 likes on facebook . 
  it is different .
