  just call them ` everyday finns ' or something likewise its more true to the original . 
  i think that 's what they would tell themselves , but it was a tent-pole issue , they literally signed a document saying they would n't do it in a very public way and it was the core promise of their youth vote . 
  if they knew that it was n't feasible or knew they could not make it a red line in their negotiations with the tories ( lets not forget they could have created a government with labour , they had a huge amount of sway ) they should n't have made it a core of their manifesto ( i 'm not saying they were wrong to do it or that it was n't pragmatic , i 'm saying it was dishonest and stupid and it cost them liberal voters by the shovel load that they likely wont ever get back ), 
  in theory , in practice the jobs created were very poor , the debt is no closer to being serviced and the growth in wages largely went to the higher earners , they also shafted the youth . 
  i think it was utterly cynical and a complete lack of conviction , what were they thinking ? 
  like young voters , probably voting for the first time , for 1 !!, 
  issue , and you fuck them over within the first year of government , expecting they 'll forget . 
  it was so foolish . 
  do n't make that kind of cold hard promise if your not prepared to stake your party 's place on it . 
  weird thing is when i was in berlin , the smoking ban was openly broken by all the pubs i hung out in which seemed very non-german but maybe that 's more a berlin thing . 
  true but sometimes walking around kallio you see some very kaurism\u00e4ki moments . 
  also z ( while in french is about greece in the 60 's around the time of the military coup ) is very good . 
  i know they are very borgeouis but i love rohmer films , they seem very typically french . 
  what about nanni moretti 's films ? 
  they always had a lovely naturalistic feel , the sons room especially is very low key and domestic . 
  i loved attenberg , its a beauty of a film , both social-realist & surreal . 
  ariene labed is incredible too . 
  not accurate really i would say , but aki kaurism\u00e4ki films are lovely , specially [ man without a past ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3srbsylmhw4 ), 
  i love that ireland and scotland share the celtic bond of buckfast aka commotion lotion . 
  german appeasement nonsense . 
  not if those liberals in new york get their way , thank god for the patriots of ` americans for beverage freedom ' ( i 'm not even making that up ), 
  i suppose the holy roman empire might be the closest analog ? 
  yes but the trend of paramilitary equipment being gifted to police [ has fairly gotten out of hand in the last 20 years or so ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21599349-americas-police-have-become-too-militarised-cops-or-soldiers ), 
  even pre-turkish , it was a byzantine symbol and before that mesopotamian . 
  they were also very effective in killing german troops , 80 % of german casualties were on the eastern front . 
  russians just had an ungodly amount of man power , and tough tough people , later on when they had chance to move it , huge production capacity . 
  the uk has some wild cats in scotland i think , similar to the lynx, 
  but sinn fein has never sat in parliment in the uk, 
  true but even with the uncertainty i think its unlikely to swing back to cons/lib , the big change is that the parties are both too toxic for some voters to back again , too careerist , i mean look at lib dems/cons/labour , the leaders have more in common with each other than the average voter , they are political lifers . 
  minority parties will continue even if some fall out of favor . 
  i 've happily eaten in diners , dives , kebab shops , chippies in north america & europe , in my experience scandinavian fast food sandwiches are garbage and expensive . 
  the best fast food i 've had in the region was fried herrings with boiled potatoes & pickle in helsinki from a fish market for around $ 5 which i think is a dish you can get in sweden too , though generally kiosk burgers are pretty good too at $ 3.50 or so in finland , and a bit more in norway . 
  it 's a question of value for money , and ability/effort on the part of the vendors . 
  i do n't think that 's true , i 'm pretty sure ataturk 's legacy was legally protected well before islamists got into power . 
  edit : i stand corrected !, 
  i think you 'd likely find that it however terrible the actions of the greeks were they do n't meet the criteria of genocide . 
  it 's a very specific form of state violence . 
  there 's a book called ` the pike ' in english about him that sounded pretty interesting , [ he seems to have been an absolute weirdo . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/books/2013/feb/04/pike-gabriele-d-annunzio-biography-review ), 
  store sandwiches are uniquely terrible and expensive in scandinavia , just awful . 
  sure , i 'm not at all disagreeing with you , but i am saying that it likely does not meet the definition of ` genocide ' , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  armenian culture in that part of turkey was wiped out in a very specific way . 
  i 'm not saying that there was n't savage treatment metted out to the population but its a tight definition , was it greek government policy to displace and wipe out the turkish population ? 
  destroy their cultural institutions ? 
  as it was part of a retreat it seems very much unlikely that was the case . 
  genocide is very purposefully distinct from general wartime reprisals , massacres otherwise it 's a meaningless term . 
  these things are pored over by political scientists and human rights lawyers and the concensus is strongly that the armenian massacres were a concerted genocide . 
  hmm considering the word genocide was coined by raphael lemkin with reference to the armenian massacres ( he was writing the text before the full extent of the holocaust was known ) , genocide is n't simply the general misery that accompanies war , it was defined as : * a coordinated plan of different actions aiming at the destruction of essential foundations of the life of national groups , with the aim of annihilating the groups themselves . 
  the objectives of such a plan would be the disintegration of the political and social institutions , of culture , language , national feelings , religion , and the economic existence of national groups , and the destruction of the personal security , liberty , health , dignity , and even the lives of the individuals belonging to such groups *, 
  i think it 's a somewhat [ ` silent majority ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silent_majority ) situation where the religiously conservative hid their true colors for many years until a party could carry them into power came along . 
  i also think the respect for ataturk , enforced as it has been by legal and extrajudicial means is somewhat fragile , its never been tested by contrary opinions or open debate . 
  thats a serious stretch ... americas not perfect but it 's far from turkey 's level of disfunction , and if the media gave better coverage to obama it 's because he was the more compelling candidate , both mccain & romney were very typical old-guard republicans , very stiff ( though mccain had more charisma ) they simply did n't have the narrative that obama had and the media jumped on it . 
  hmm , as far as i remember it was the term used by the working class byzantines , simply referring to it as ` the city ' . 
  which had in fact been called other things before konstantinople . 
  i do n't think so , we are basically a pragmatic country politically , rhetoric is not a hot commodity so its taken as a given that as long as england abstains from schengen it 's practical to follow their lead for reasons of trade/cross border ties . 
  can ireland !, 
  i wish we did n't have to follow the uk 's lead on that one ... 
  people do n't realise istanbul was an alternate greek name for konstantinople . 
  it derives from the greek phrase '' \u03b5\u03b9\u03c2 \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03a0\u03cc\u03bb\u03b9\u03bd '' [ istimbolin ] or '' \u03c3\u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03a0\u03cc\u03bb\u03b7 '' , both meaning `` in the city '' or `` to the city '' ; [ 10 ] a similar case is stimboli , crete . 
  it is thus based on the common greek usage of referring to constantinople simply as the city ( see above ) . 
  hansano 's logo is great !, 
  arla 's is every single god damn butter company in the world ... a shame to germany 's great corporate logo tradition . 
  churchill was kind of a stopped clock , he was right rarely but spectacularly when he was . 
  it 's irish !, 
  wahay up the ra ' ... but seriously ... 
  the finn 's call germany saksa , which sounds like it derives from saxony , so it might be a situation like what you described . 
  yeah , some great cinema came out of the country in the communist era for example . 
  we had the advantage of trashing forest in a forgiving climate where they could return , in the middle east the soil just blew away and the forests were never replaced . 
  well he is authoritarian enough to attack and imprison the opposition and concentrate power centrally , the last election was highly flawed but he probably would have still won , i 'm not sure it 'll be the same case next time around , i guess elected despot is good for the time being . 
  considering the insane amount of free unswervingly positive press he gets from american sheldon adelson 's newspaper in israel that is fucking rich . 
  so watch out !, 
  i feel like a big part of what france is stereotyped as ( in the english speaking world ) comes from the [ ` onion johnnies ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/onion_johnny ), 
  a bag of fish ? 
  thats all we were !, 
  not worldwide known perhaps but brilliant well respected music , caetano veloso , jorge ben , gil gilberto , tom jobim , joao gilberto , nara leao , os mutantes , cluba da esquina , gal costa ... and on and on and on , one of the most creative music scenes of the 20th century for sure . 
  [ tropicalia compilation is a good place to start ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvfe8rxxu9w&amp;list=pl2990731432b29343 ) edit : just saw the german thing : kraftwerk , neu ! , can , faust , cluster are all very influential 70 's / 80 's experimental bands , and the 90s/00 's it was amazing for electronic music with labels like kompakt . 
  it 's not the british sense of music , british music in the 1950 's was pretty terrible , but its just they have a strong music scene that fosters forward looking music . 
  i 'm a widely listening music fan i know that there was good music in france in the 60 's -70 's , germany in the same period & late 80 's -90 's , and brazil almost continuously , but nobody has had the consistency & impact of british music in the late 20th & early 21st century , it was a free world people could have chosen other influences and styles of music . 
  your so wrong about this , the uk is one of the main engines of world culture right now as much as i hate to admit it . 
  i 'm not the biggest britain apologist in town , but the uk still creates more good music than any other country bar none , and their track record from 1960-present is flawless ... whether your into psychedelia , pop , electronic , punk etc. 
  they also have a great fashion & design industry , fairly good film & television , very good documentaries . 
  credit where credit is due !, 
  i 'm inclined to agree the britain is britain 's worst enemy : the class system is toxic , and the centralisation is n't great either . 
  yeah to be fair ... america 's record of interference in latin america is horrible , batista , trujillo , samosa , pinochet etc. 
  and much of this predates the communist threat . 
  * puts pitchfork & torch away *, 
  that 's surely it 's charm these days though !, 
  its a nice example of the arts crafts/medieval revivalist notions of the romantic period , bit like [ william morris 's red house ] ( http://www.victorianweb.org/art/architecture/webb/1.jpg ), 
  level was around 30 % , effective tax rate these days is 12 % ( though the sticker rate is slightly higher at 35 % ) and even the 12 % is being avoided through reverse franchising and diverted earnings . 
  this is just the us but generally the world has followed it 's path . 
  i think its a highly immoral deal with the devil to say ` well these corporations avoid tax anyways so lets give them a pass ' . 
  its created a very shallow tax base and means small-to-mid sized business 's that pay the actual tax are being fucked , and made uncompetitive unless they cheat . 
  horseshit , in the 1950s in the us corporation taxes made up 70 % of all tax paid . 
  its been that argument combined with systematic race to the bottom competition between countries that has undermined that . 
  just to note , banking is only around 6 % of switzerland 's economy , more so they are a high end manufacturer of white goods , industrial equipment and food products . 
  edit : also we 're not neutral !, 
  opportunistic is more accurate . 
  polands already on its way , i would n't be suprised if this is a reality in 15-20 years , germany 's demographics & infrastructure investments are pretty terrible . 
  those are huge exceptions though , switzerland because its long and unique history of neutrality and strange quadralingual status as the center of europe , norway because ... oil oil oil , i would not be surpised if they decide to join the eu when the economy moves to a more market/trade based status . 
  you also have to remember that both those countries still have to abide by hundreds of eu regulations of which they have no power over whatsoever .
