  they go all in for the slap and the short dresses whatever the weather , stay classy ireland . 
  well this is the reason we were such an easy target for the english in the first place , there was rarely a unified gaelic cause and much infighting . 
  that said o'neill had a plurality of support from both the norman and gaelic lords , good quality weaponry and the best organized attempt at centralization since the fitzgeralds . 
  it was basically the last gasp of gaelic aristocracy before they fucked off to spain , russia , france etc. 
  rising was a big deal but for the whole ` knock on effects ' i 'd still rate the flight of the earls , and the war preceding , there was a decent chance the o'neills could have won and in that case we might still be a majority gaelic speaker country with a very different legal/societal structure , and of course it could have prevented the settlement of the north . 
  that said the british might have just regrouped and invaded again ( maybe not , they were broke and the armada had scared the shit out of them ), 
  yeah that was sort of the last kick of the can for ottoman adventures . 
  yeah the end of an ancient culture and the last connection to the roman empire , it 's pretty monumental . 
  true , i was thinking the [ last battle of vienna ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna ) as being an ottoman vassal would have been a game changer . 
  this is the stupidest feud of any among countries , sorry greeks . 
  [ the flight of the earls ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_of_the_earls ) which was basically the end of a unified , gaelic speaking , independent ireland . 
  check out the wikipedia , it 's some real game of thrones shit . 
  rte is the worst example of a publicly funded media concern , expensive but still budget versions of formats that already exist in the uk & america , still has advertising so kills off any domestic competition and has yet to create a single show of international worth despite its freedom to create . 
  that still tells me nothing about the quality or potential of those patents , patents for the sake of patents is not an advantage . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21636100-are-ambitious-bureaucrats-fomenting-or-feigning-innovation-patent-fiction * some scepticism is in order , however . 
  for one thing , the explosion of patent filings is not the result of local researchers suddenly coming up with twice as many ingenious inventions : it is a response to a government order . 
  as the report acknowledges , `` the growth in output is driven by the 12th five-year plan and the associated chinese national patent development strategy '' . 
  bureaucrats have decreed that local firms will apply for 2m patents by 2015 . 
  thanks to various subsidies and incentives , china looks set to hit that target . 
  how good are those patents though ?? 
  china has been rife with intellectual theft , and a notorious for pursuing patent filings without much check on the quality of patents, 
  today i also tried a finnish sinebrychoff baltic porter from alko , which was both cheap and great tasting , new favorite, 
  i 'm a big fan of an english honey porter from a brewery called st.peter 's comes in a very cool reproduction beer bottle from c. 1700s http://www.stpetersbrewery.co.uk/products/porters-and-stouts/honey-porter/, 
  yeah between steam & gog , as well as the multiple options for high quality music i think digital commerce is reaching a level were piracy becomes too much of a hassle , obviously this is not the case with television yet but i think its a matter of time . 
  that sweet xenophobic , russian bashing tune ... 
  the thing is , i support ukraine , i think russian has got things fucked up and i do think we need a better immigration policy with a logical end point and i find this shit being spammed all the time tiring , because its not presented in a `` this will change the way you think about it and challenge or modify your bias 's '' kind of way its like ` yeah fuck that thing yeah yeah upvote upvote lets all agree ' and that just makes for a shitty sub . 
  and its noticeably worse lately , the quality of posts is medicore , we need better modding . 
  sure but if say 1/2 or 2/3rds of the front page falls into that category : a ) i think there is some serious bias and it becomes a place for preaching to the choir b ) its not a great place to find news & discussion about europe which is the whole reason for the sub to exists . 
  if that 's what the mods do i 'm glad , we do n't need a politically motivated spamming of certain topic , it ruins the quality of content . 
  i 'll put it this way , should / r/europe be the new york times or the new york post ? 
  der spiegal or bild , should it have good journalism , good quality content with a variety of perspectives or should it have shocking , badly sourced , out of context populism . 
  that 's bullshit , mods are there so that populist garbage does not drown out the variety and breadth of posts available , would you want to read a reddit that was entirely click bait ? 
  i would not . 
  like recently / r/europe has been / r/fuckrussia and / r/fuckimmigrants , while those are emotive and popular topics , making them the only posts makes the subreddit a poorer place to find genuine news about all of europe . 
  sure but he is the top 1 % making that kind of cash and he 's still much less paid than the best athlete , musician , film maker etc. 
  so there is n't enough of that money to go around not by a long shot . 
  those jobs are not at all replacing the ones in the industries that have been displaced , the best paid youtuber is still not paticularly well paid and very few even make it to that status , i 'm far less optimistic about this . 
  they were wrong in the long run , there was about 90 years of depressed employment and working conditions . 
  so they were n't wrong in their lifetimes . 
  i 'm fine with 15th , which is much better than expected . 
  true totally true , but the mao era was brutal for its economy and infrastructure , mass famine was a regular feature even before the cultural revolution , and it was n't just that it was inefficent , but it also saw an entire generation of teachers and administrators wiped out which was extremely hard to recover from . 
  i think that it has as well , but we have to compare china to its cultural cousins in hong kong , taiwan and singapore ( and perhaps unfairly ) ask what could have been without years of shitty communist rule . 
  it is but its still pretty low on a lot of developmental indexes , you got to keep in mind that they were coming from such a low base in the late 80 's after the cultural revolution . 
  if anything china based on it 's size was huge underperformer for many years , we still do n't know what will happen to them when they reach middle-income status and they 've yet to create any major brands or products , mostly relying on manufacture . 
  how is it a crime for him ? 
  a non-american , it ca n't be treason or any of the crimes associated with data leaks because he 's not american or in an american jurisdiction , any case against him would be political and i think europe should be willing to refuse extraditions that are politically motivated . 
  how can no court have the jurisdiction to refuse an extradition request ? 
  yeah the u.s. caused them a lot of problems too , essentially colonizing them at times , haiti 's history of outside interference is pretty tragic . 
  yeah i think you need to read into that a bit more , it was only after various attempts to recapture the island and re-enslave the population aided by that population ( and after they tricked their independence hero into going to france for negotiations and then murdering him ) not that it was great , but just you know context . 
  ( oh and the fact that they had been slavers is not great either . ), 
  when literally every other country does something , in a basic way , then your probably fucking up not having it . 
  there are economies that are both successful & have decent workers rights/protections/vacation . 
  its not a zero sum equation . 
  ... but further on , whats the point of a ` good ' economy if the success of the economy as a whole is n't reflected in the well being of people 's daily life , why the hell should people care if the economy 's good if their personal security and well being is bad . 
  trevor sargent right ? 
  that was too bad , there was a lot of potential for the greens to do a lot of good and they replaced him with an absolute douche who was more invested in his own image ( my sister worked for a p.r. 
  company that worked with the greens and he showed up in a limo with an entourage like a total dick ) than the good of the party or people . 
  they also should have dropped the coalition before the bail out , they would have gotten a lot of respect . 
  i think you deeply misunderstand the role of the original ira during the war of independence , and the p.ira in northern ireland , it was much closer tied to romantic nationalist sentiments , and later marxist nationalist than religious sectarianism , its very much a case identity politics rather than say 17th century religious war . 
  edit : good example of this , [ bloody sunday ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_sunday_%281972%29 ) which was probably the greatest recruitment poster of all time for the ira was carried out at a non-sectarian ( led by a protestant preacher ) civil rights march , a protest at the discrimination against catholics from the police , civil administration and employers modelled on those of martin luther king . 
  i 'll second this , organized racial politics has never taken root in ireland , though you might get individual racist sentiments . 
  basically the right would be the very much waning right wing of catholic voters , but even then there is no party that explicitly endorses their views ( this asshole gunrunner tried to start one called libertas a few years back but it failed miserably ) the extremism that remains would be of a sort of 1970 's marxist/nationalist sense that would like to reclaim the north by force , but thats also very much a dying breed . 
  i will just say this : serbia has form , there was mass murder committed by the state less than 20 years ago with harboring of war criminals for years after , do n't be surprised when that 's what people remember in discussions about the balkans . 
  if anything serbia got off lightly considering . 
  yeah its just very unlikely so we do n't bother spending any money on it , we 're in a very good position and the days of churchill threatening to reconquer the country are long gone . 
  even ( in ) famously [ sending the germans a condolence card when hitler topped himself ] ( http://www.historyireland.com/20th-century-contemporary-history/de-valera-hitler-the-visit-of-condolence-may-1945/ ) because de valera ( our prime minister ) was a fool, 
  we are 100 % fucked if some big country attempted to invade , no air force , a tiny navy and a small standing army ... 
  i imagine something like italy invading albania in the 1930 's , the thing would be sewn up in a week . 
  it did , people could have voted against it again , we need referendums for constitutional change , the politicians in the yes camp sold it very poorly for the first time around and there was a bunch of scare mongering , next time out with some assurances people decided to go ahead . 
  also the direct electorate is n't the be all and end all , political democracy requires a strong judiciary as a check on power , if you want to see winner takes all political power shorn of responsible judiciary you can check out turkey . 
  is ireland the only country without a ` greater ' pipe dream ( aside from the north of course ) i can dream : scotland , cornwall ... isle of man ? 
  the problem i see is the uk not having a constitution , leaves a lot of power in the hands of elected politicians with fewer checks or balances . 
  michael gove is chief douche . 
  oh yeah its not like fear of migration is limited to the europe , but i do think those countries are better equipped to deal with it , europe is harder to integrate into because there is so much cultural baggage ( i say this as someone who grew up in canada but was born in ireland and has lived in europe for the last 10 years ) in the case of mexican/latin america immigration to the u.s. it is pretty constant . 
  yeah i think if we we 're talking america/canada/australia , then this guy is broadly correct , in old semi-homogenous societies in europe ? 
  not so much , i think it 's much harder for eu countries to absorb . 
  that 's true i do n't know where i got that from , at its peak it seems to have been around 200,000 ( which is still substantial ) maybe it was eu immigrants over the last 10 years or something ( baltics seems to have been around 30,000 each ), 
  crimea 's a pretty huge exception 750,000 dead , plus do n't forget the balkan wars between greece , bulgaria , serbia , turkey etc. 
  they were brief but very bloody . 
  edit : further reading shows there was the hungarian revolution 1848 ( which was part of a series of revolutions of the time ) and the austro prussian war of 1866 ( about 100,000 dead ), 
  i do n't think its bad at all , poles are well regarded , same with baltic states immigrants , a lot of positive sentiment and i do n't think i 've ever heard english style calls for quotas on european immigration even though at its peak the polish population was 400,00 ( out of 4 million total ) , and i think generally people can distinguish between romanians and roma gypsy 's which are widely disapproved of . 
  i 've often thought it would be possible to get through the dublin airport security checks with a piece of purple cardboard . 
  it 's true , and it served it 's purpose , it was a tool , but if you look at the constructivists , or someone like alexander rodchenko or architechts like konstantin melnikov , soviet art/design in the 1920 's was cutting edge , and it just got sort of absorbed into this dull , uniform style , which was reflective of the project itself . 
  for some really incredible propaganda posters i would suggest checking out the [ cuban ones from the 1960 's -70 's ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2013/dec/05/cuban-ospaaal-propaganda-posters-in-pictures ), 
  i was sort of ... just ignorant i would say of romania , but [ this book ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/between-woods-water-constantinople-holland/dp/0719566967/ref=sr_1_5?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1431118262&amp;sr=8-5&amp;keywords=patrick+leigh+fermor ) gave a great and very sympathetic picture of the country and its history in the 1930s and i 'd highly recommend it to any r/europe ` rs ( the whole of the trilogy is very very good for anyone interested in european affairs ) edit : i should make it clear that i mean , well done romania !, 
  i 'm glad your in the union, 
  yeah , basically the cia spent a considerable amount of money in the post-war period ( 1950s-early 60s ) on promoting and sometimes publishing work by avant garde or anti-establishment artists ( abstract expressionists like jackson pollack , rothko ) musicians ( all manner of jazz but also very experimental classical like stockhausen ) and writers ( they were responsible for the publishing of the master & marguerita for example , they also started the paris review which runs to this day ) as a way ( quite clever actually ) of combating soviet influence , soviet art under stalin was completely free of abstraction , avant garde elements etc. 
  ( which is ironic considering the influence of el lissitzky , malevitch et all . 
  on modern , post expressionist art , not to mention stravinsky on music . ), 
  [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/modern-art-was-cia-weapon-1578808.html ) covers some of it . 
  soft power !, 
  those cia investments in abstract art , fringe publishing and avant garde music paid off . 
  it happens in a lot of places , the greens in ireland got shafted badly , two governments ago , i think its because coalition partners in ireland & england are n't as assertive as european parties would be , a minority party really has to have a stamp on the government or they will bear the brunt of the unpopularity come election time . 
  i feel in a way they already have , elections in the uk are now won in southern england and the labour party rhetoric seemed to reflect that this time around : crime , deficit , immigrants etc. 
  all tory traditional policies and popular with ` middle ' england , labour was all over it . 
  really ? 
  i would say ability with foreign languages , at the very least the * lingua franca * of the modern world is pretty important for a foreign minister . 
  in many european countries , it would be english as well as french and german ( or italian/spanish ), 
  soini 's english is n't so hot , i do n't really see how he would be a good foreign minister , stubb seems made for the job . 
  calling them ` the finns ' is pr bullshit that i ca n't believe international news has gone for .
