unless i 'm mistaken , the two fingers mean something good in most countries . 
  heck , seeing as it was churchill who popularized it , i would have thought that it would be a good gesture in britain . 
  edit : thanks for the clarification guys, 
  russia is lucky that the ukrainians wo n't allow such a destructive and terrible force into office . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  the idea that another major conflict would end in nuclear war is outdated and ridiculous for several reasons . 
  for one , most wars do n't end with one nation completely destroying another , it would take an immense amount of hatred from both sides to make such a total war scenario happen . 
  also , there 's nothing to gain from such an ending . 
  even a country like north korea knows that ( even if they do n't show it ) . 
  point is , nuclear wars are n't as big of a likelihood as some people think . 
  i 'd be more worried about a drawn out war like vietnam . 
  in a one sided struggle , only a fool stays neutral , and while china may be many things , its leaders are not fools . 
  okay , that does n't change any of what i said , in fact , it only reinforces it . 
  partially . 
  today 's japan will most likely be america 's # 1 ally . 
  europe will always be there , but given that the eu 's direct interests do n't quite lie in the same theater , japan will therefor be the us 's most immediate ally . 
  china 's interests are with the west in such a scenario , as even a chinese-russian alliance would have no actual hope of winning , and the chinese prefer prosperity over a stalemate . 
  to be fair , the us had oceans and allies between itself and its enemies . 
  the uk is still in nato , so it 's not like they would n't help the eu in a war . 
  somewhat relevant , the uk was a big reason why the eu 's common defense policy never went anywhere . 
  the british government enjoys the uk 's place of power in nato , and they think that a successful european military complex would make nato redundant . 
  the uk leaving is n't all bad . 
  necessary is pushing it . 
  in fact , this could help the eu economically in the long run . 
  other countries will have the opportunity to take over the uk 's place . 
  so you 're saying that china is entirely opposed to anything west ? 
  your statement is extremely broad . 
  you do n't get mad when people stop you from committing genocide ? 
  what a weakling . 
  you 're making a wild comparison that has no basis in the real world . 
  this is 2014 , 1945 was then . 
  please tell me this is n't an april fools joke . 
  that makes them an opponent of the western legal order , not the west . 
  i think the us health care system is crap and needs to be replaced , does that automatically make me anti-american ? 
  china does n't actively seek to do harm to the west for the sake of doing harm , they 're not `` anti-west '' . 
  a conflict of interests does n't suddenly make two sides mortal enemies . 
  the ratio was much more uneven during ww2 , the russian populace was n't divided as it is now , germany was fighting the war almost alone , and germany 's crippled industry was just as big of a factor in its defeat , if not bigger . 
  speaking of industry , russia ca n't compare to the eu in terms of production . 
  even if we were to play the numbers game , russia would only have a negligible advantage in the long run . 
  all of russia 's vast numbers mean little considering that only a small portion of their troops are professional soldiers . 
  conscription is russia 's main source of recruits , given the poor quality of service that drives any potential volunteers away . 
  numbers do n't mean much either way . 
  poland would be the first piece in any conflict with russia , and russia would n't bring its entire military to beat on one country , considering the threat to the north and south of poland . 
  poland would be just fine , especially given that it would n't be alone for more than a few days . 
  `` our '' does n't exactly entail me or mine . 
  europe has as much say in ukraine as russia does . 
  in fact , given russia 's recent behavior , i 'd say that we have more . 
  if the ukrainian people want to lean west , they have every right . 
  russia has no right to make any ultimatums . 
  i do n't think that the us should stay out of it either . 
  the us is the eu 's biggest ally , thus , by proxy , the us is involved . 
  european countries put up with all the stuff the us did for decades , is it so much to ask that you help us help ukraine ? 
  the us would n't sign a deal that would put a former oppressor into power over the future of their country . 
  the ukrainian protesters had every right to become violent , their government was about to sell them to putin . 
  no , i 'm misunderstood . 
  conscripts are always of lower quality than regular enlistees , the russian military needs volunteers to alleviate their lack of good sergeants and officers . 
  china and russia are n't really * friends * , they 're just allies . 
  china knows that the future is with the west , as russia has no significant pool of global powers to call upon in the event of emergencies or political schisms . 
  now that the eu has the potential to become as powerful as the us ( some would argue that we 're almost there ) , the equation will only tip in our favor . 
  china has little to lose by siding with the west . 
  western soldiers have always been of higher quality , and i doubt that changed in the last few decades , even wtih more peaceful nations like germany . 
  germany will get another chance at stalingrad , mark my words !, 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  i have a general idea of what you 're talking about , but this is the first time i 've heard about circuit fabrication specifically being a russian weakness . 
  not to mention that the russian military is having more and more trouble recruiting because of crappy conditions and poor pay . 
  i 'm surprised at how many people fret about a possible war with russia . 
  no , it wo n't be as easy as iraq , but even the eu could take russia on with confidence in a long term victory . 
  with the us at our back , we could roll over russia . 
  hey there folks . 
  i 've lived in the us for all of my young adult life , and since i 'm moving back soon , i was wondering about specifically this topic recently . 
  can anyone tell me how the vaccine debate is going in europe ? 
  also , are the standards for new medicine in europe the same as they are in the us ? 
  i 'd say that scandinavia would put up a better defense than a lot of other european countries . 
  good soldiers , good gear , they 'd be on their home turf that also came with a mean winter . 
  an increased budget would n't hurt , but scandinavia is far from weak . 
  war should be avoided if reasonably possible , but what russia is doing is completely at opposites with both our interests and ideology . 
  i would have no qualms with dying to protect european nations other than my own in the face of such an enemy . 
  same to a german-hungarian . 
  i 've lived here for ten years , which is all of my teenage life , and i 'm still a little uncomfortable with how much americans smile . 
  it 's nice , especially when it comes to meeting women , but sometimes i miss the way that europeans interact . 
  if france and germany can be what they are today , it takes a true child of a nation to isolate itself from its immediate neighbors because of a past incident that most people have let go of . 
  you 're also overlooking the ~ 9,000,000 deaths that the russians inflicted on themselves during the communist revolution , * and * the ~ 20,000,000 that died under stalin . 
  so by your logic , russia should just sever ties with itself ? 
  there will be no cultural ties with russia 's allies . 
  russia has no friends , it only has political allies . 
  the growing sense of duty between europeans is infinitely more valuable than a temporary alignment of interests , and a temporary alignment of interests is all russia will achieve . 
  china does n't care about russia , india does n't care about russia . 
  so do you truly think that russia would fare well if its economic and political interests were completely reliant on the actions of nations that have no desire to go beyond business transactions ? 
  that 's a recipe for failure , and russia is n't powerful enough to remain in power all on its own . 
  oh boy , because the us government and people care about nasa . 
  what you 're describing is all temporary annoyances , and all they would accomplish is the isolation of russia , leaving them with `` allies '' that they have no cultural ties to . 
  putin is treating the situation as if it were a video game , with no consideration for the long term affects that will add up eventually . 
  the us and eu do n't have to act in a heavy handed manner , putin will choke the life out of russia by slowly pushing it further back in time while the rest of the world moves forward . 
  i think the morality of this subject is extremely subjective . 
  i 'm german-hungarian , and i think it would be great if my people for involved , in terms of morality ( i understand the practical risks and cons , i 'm not war mongering . ), 
  i look at ukraine as a european issue . 
  just my opinion though . 
  hungary , '56, 
  as a russian , how do you feel about this ? 
  why ca n't we laugh about this kind of stuff ?
