  immigration * does * lower wages . 
  immigration * does * increase crime . 
  immigrants * do * get exploited by companies , and very few immigrants climb out of the lower class . 
  i 'm amazed that you think you 're right even though you have no argument , you 're simply saying that me and the other guy are wrong . 
   what the fuck are you even talking about . 
  i have n't even proposed anything in any of my comments . 
  your position was stated when you put yourself in opposition to the other guy . 
  you support immigration as it is . 
  if not , you 're very bad at communication . 
   i wonder , why does n't this happen to usa ? 
  i feel like you do n't know much about anything we 're talking about here . 
  that is happening in the us , there 's a cultural rift in the country that 's only getting wider . 
  of course , it 's less of a problem because of both it 's size and malleable culture , but it 's still a problem . 
   i do n't care if they look like me , or do not look like me . 
  it 's completely irrelevant to me . 
  for one , europe was built on european ideas . 
  if you have traveled at all , you 'll know that our culture and the cultures of the east do n't mix well . 
  neither culture is better or worse , but our nations embody that culture in every aspect . 
  also , you may not care but others do . 
   implying your own countrymen do . 
  you do n't live in europe , do you ? 
   i do n't know what this has to do with history . 
  if you think it does , provide examples . 
  the fact that you 're even asking that is proof alone that you do n't have the faintest authority on the subject . 
  look at american and european crime and wages in recent history , the proof is there . 
   what ? 
  i 'm not proposing anything . 
  being a smart ass wo n't get you far in life . 
  i 'm going to go off on a limb here and guess that you 're either very young or you yourself are an immigrant , or both . 
  i think you know what he meant , like the rest of us did . 
  he 's the president of the european council . 
  i 'm with the french guy on this one , mass influxes of immigrants never lead to anything good , and letting them come to our continent only hurts their country in the long run . 
  hell , inter-european immigration is already becoming a serious problem . 
  perhaps you 'd like to see whatever country you 're from be flooded by people unlike your own , people who do n't give a shit about your culture and countrymen and send off their wages to their families overseas instead of putting it back into our economy . 
  i , for one , would not like that . 
  history has shown , time and time again , that a civilization has to fix itself . 
  what you 're proposing is that we give them a temporary solution that will cause a permanent problem in the future . 
  i do n't know if it 's racist of me ( by modern standards ) to say this , but i think europe needs to stop accepting outsiders for a while . 
  economic consequences aside , accepting more foreigners will simply lead to another rise in nationalism . 
  the wave of being politically correct and `` good '' that hit europe after ww2 needs to die down , because we 're headed for some serious shit . 
  yea , lets not . 
  the eu * was * intended to keep germany under control , there 's no denying that . 
  can someone tell me what the us has that a european would want to import ? 
  serious question . 
  i love in the us at the moment and there 's nothing made here that would seem like something europeans do n't have . 
  i agree , as long as merkel is in power germany wo n't drift from the us . 
  i disagree on poland though , they 've been getting really friendly with germany lately . 
  i see the poles siding with germany over the us . 
  it 's important that we look at europe as a whole , and at that , germany . 
  granted , the german military is small , but the whole of the european union can field both a larger and in some ways more advanced military . 
  no , europe does n't have some of the capabilities that the us has when it comes to naval and air warfare , but they make up for it with having excellent infantry and very solid technology for their ground forces . 
  that being said , i 'm not implying that europe would benefit from the loss of american help , i 'm merely saying that the military card ca n't really be used anymore in us-eu relations anymore . 
  it 's true though , europe and america will remain allies . 
  i think the article was trying to imply that maybe europe would be more upstanding in relations with america from now on . 
  germany is not a troublemaker . 
  as someone else mentioned , germany was a problem for the old powers of europe , because the german states alone were powerful . 
  united as one nation , germany had the potential to replace france , britain , and russia as the prime power in europe . 
  the franco-prussian war was , in part , due to germany 's actions , but germany was n't acting any worse than the other powers of the day . 
  the punishment of germany ( if you could even lay blame on germany for that war ) was completely uncalled for , and you 'll notice that it was an american head of state , not a frenchman , russian , or a brit that called for treating germany fairly . 
  world war 2 was an obvious crescendo that was coming since the signing of an idiotic and skewed `` treaty '' many years ago . 
  germany is not a troublemaker . 
  germany is a nation of many people with many cultures trying to break free of the influence and oppression of other powers , and it has finally done so . 
  yes , germany is far from a perfect nation and it has made its own share of mistakes . 
  the price for being a hardworking and organized nation lies in germany 's sometimes crude handling of international politics , but the spirit of the german people is aligned with the spirit of realpolitik . 
  i have n't had the pleasure of living in europe for the past ten years , all of my adult life , so i 've had the opportunity to study european history with an outside eye . 
  i may have made generalizations and left some stuff out , as i 'm typing this up in a flurry on an ipad , but trust me when i tell you that germany is no worse than the other powers of europe . 
  the information that the germans share with other nations is n't regarding their own citizens . 
  it 's a nice gesture , but i do n't want europe turning into california . 
  last night 's halloween parade showed me how tolerance can go wrong . 
  women get put down for showing skin , but i saw gay men walking around , groping each other , and wearing nothing but underwear . 
  i 'm all for equality , but in californian society you ca n't criticize a gay for anything that you can rightfully ( by society 's standards ) criticize a straight person for . 
  just a little warning . 
  edit : just to clarify , i 'm not putting him , or any lgbt people down . 
  i just want to share my thoughts on a massive double standard that i do n't want in europe . 
  i 'm a big fan of the eu , but i agree with you on that point . 
  immigration needs to be controlled . 
  ... and our governments ca n't do anything about it , because now we have to play nice . 
  welcome to the 21st century . 
  i 'm all about respecting national sovereignty , but this is ridiculous . 
  i 'm living in the us right now , is this kidnapping all over the news in europe at all ? 
  as someone that 's living in america , this does n't seem so bad . 
  hell , the government would never care that voters do n't know shit . 
  the first response to the original comment should show you what i mean . 
  i 'm glad we can see eye to eye . 
  sometimes i get really passionate about things like ` roman honor ' and i do n't explain myself clearly . 
  i 'm a strong supporter of the eu because i want to see europe be considered a single superpower . 
  that does n't mean that i want every european to answer to a single government , and political variety is always good for a democracy , but when people talk about europe in international affairs , i want us to be * the * european union . 
  one fist made of many fingers . 
  nations that can stand together and ( forgive my french ) get shit done . 
  i 'm extremely passionate about europe , and i would n't deny any of my neighbors their political liberty . 
  the idea that i was putting forth was one of philosophical unity . 
  a unity wherein the states of europe agree to stand together to protect justice and liberty together . 
  cultural identity is very important , but can two brothers who grew up on opposite sides of the city not stand together when the time comes ? 
  anyways , i tried to be brief about it . 
  i find myself repeating this a lot , i am admittedly cherry picking . 
  relative to their time though , the romans were quite progressive , and at one point their slaves had more rights than african slaves did over a thousand years later . 
  someone that gets what i 'm saying !, 
  i feel that we need a philosophical awakening to get there , too many people in the comments think that i want to bring back roman slavery . 
  i should have phrased it better , but i ultimately meant to say that all europeans are the children of the same mother , which i think is rome ( culturally speaking of course ) . 
  even in the east !,
