  if that 's actually how the workers were working , a miserly asshat like him would have fire them . 
  he 's just trying to act tough . 
  what a pathetic little man . 
  this would n't get far in america . 
  thanks to a lot of confusion over what equal rights are one both ends of the debate , nobody can do anything for men 's rights . 
  from a hungarians point of view , the germans and the french are right . 
  hungarians are leaving hungary by the thousands , which will no doubt fuel more discontent in the receiving countries . 
  go back to your island you barbarian schwein !, 
  the germans were n't doing anything worse than what britain was doing . 
  the only difference is that germany had the power to carry through with its ambitions , whereas the brits did n't . 
  germany wanted to break free of the stranglehold that the british imposed over it , a stranglehold that developed only because of its fear of germany . 
  the brits did n't want anyone to be as powerful as them . 
  they * did * give their lives in the struggle for freedom , as it was seen during the day . 
  there 's no need to belittle the ultimate price that many payed . 
  * nervous laughter * what do you mean chum , we would never think of deploying , even for a good cause . 
  * slow sobs *, 
  i thought ireland was aye-land, 
  that 's true , but being the leading nation in europe has its responsibilities . 
  european intelligence needs some serious revamping . 
  i agree , what the national basketball association is doing is just plain immoral . 
  she 's a very solid leader when it comes to internal affairs . 
  our spies do n't get enough funding , because you know , most of our population is convinced that the moment we regain our martial power we 'll go on a rampage that will end all democracy and goodness on earth . 
  an ineffectual intelligence service ca n't repress the people effectively . 
  yay . 
  there 's a difference between spying on a german man who 's having an affair and spying on the head of one of the world 's leading powers . 
  if the nsa was just spying to stop terrorist threats , the phones of politicians would be specifically left alone to avoid any awkward situations . 
  * should * be , but is n't . 
  what my fellow countrymen do n't realize is that conclusive and ultimate political action does n't happen if it is n't backed up by the force of arms . 
  reinforcing the stereotype . 
  nice job . 
  i like the sentiment , but i do n't see it happening . 
  i wish that germany would get over its fear of military action . 
  it 's the 21st century , but a regiment of mechanized infantry is still a whole lot more useful than kind words and a passive attitude towards crises . 
  i 'm not saying that we should start tossing bombs and attacking every enemy of ours , but a strong military can do wonders for foreign policy . 
  you think that putin would still be twisting ukraine 's arm if the eu could back up its support of ukraine militarily ? 
  anyways , i hope that once the older , nazi-era generations are n't in the voting pool anymore , germany will start acting like a real leader . 
  not just an economic leader , but a leader that can lead europe in actually backing up our belief in the protection of the weak and oppressed . 
  that , and we do owe africa aid . 
  even if you disagree with that , africa will make a useful ally in the future . 
  natural resources , military aid , political backing . 
  it 's a good investment . 
  * sigh * makes you miss the ottomans . 
  did the true patriots all die off in ' 56 ? 
  seriously , what happened to our country ? 
  the current nation is undeserving of the holy crown as an icon . 
  how do you feel about the proposed lowering of income tax ? 
  i do n't know how much has changed since i moved away ten years ago , but how are things going ? 
  are the roads being taken care of properly and such ? 
  good explanation , and one that i agree with . 
  good . 
  take it from a resident of america , it 's no fun seeing people take advantage of a nation 's financial aid and opportunities without even bothering to learn the language or stand for the national anthem . 
  i 'm not even american and that stuff bothers me . 
  i picked bull fighting out in particular * because * it is such a big part of spanish culture . 
  i 'm big on the preservation of european culture , but if germany had to give up invading france , spain should at least give up bull fighting . 
  okay , feeble joke aside , i * am * big on the preservation of our cultures . 
  i just do n't like it when people cheer as an animal is slaughtered . 
  even though the slaughter of animals for food is * much * worse in terms of how many animals are killed , the stadium full of cheering people is what makes bull fighting seem so wrong to me . 
  there is almost too much contrast in this image : http://i.imgur.com/r0d8yut.jpg, 
  as a hungarian , i make fun of hungary . 
  during these last few years , i 've started mentioning that the german in me is only about 25 % , and started saying german-hungarian instead of hungarian-german . 
  the younger generations of hungary are painfully easy to mock . 
  people complain , but having the eu is better than not having the eu . 
  people do n't seem to realize that it 's easier to fix the eu 's flaws ( and more logical ) than it is to abandon the idea that europe can be united . 
  that 's a massive stretch . 
  i suppose creating the european union is the same logic that lead to the soviet union ? 
  exactly . 
  as a hungarian ( aka member of a poorer country ) i 'm actually happy about this . 
  a lot of hungarians go to other countries , take * their * jobs , and leave our country without a skilled workforce . 
  free movement is a temporary solution that just causes more problems in the future . 
  china ? 
  i 'm gone for ten years and my country starts sucking china 's cock ? 
  no doubt about that , i 'm merely saying that if europe is so shitty , the rest of the world is n't any farther ahead . 
  do n't leave it to me to stay quiet when a person mocks us on our subreddit . 
  well , seeing as america would be lost politically without europe , and seeing as our culture is the template for nearly all other modern cultures , and seeing as our economic and technological state of affairs has the potential to overtake the us , i 'd say that you need some schooling . 
  also , america has a much bigger problem with immigrants not integrating . 
  by your own logic , your country 's culture is ` shittier ' than ours . 
  i 'm making an assumption that you live in germany based off of your flair , what is the german attitude towards muslim ( i assume mostly turkish ) immigrants ? 
  vice-versa ? 
  i 'm moving back to germany after eleven long years and i 'd like to get a feel for the cultural drama , if there is any . 
  yes , because hitler was sooooo much worse than stalin . 
  fixed `` uk 's cameron calls for permanent recession and social division '' better ... 
   `` war among european countries is simply unimaginable ''  `` i 'm afraid conflict in europe is imaginable '' nice comeback poland . 
  when you move to a first world country from a second/third world country with no education , you are poor . 
  are you implying otherwise ? 
  ghettos are n't ` created ' as you say . 
  immigrants are innately poor when they come , and in larger numbers they ca n't be helped . 
  class separation is natural , it does n't affect only citizens or culturally different people . 
   are you against programmers and engineers working in ai and robotics fields ? 
  completely different issue , that 's just derailing the debate . 
   one of the reasons you are against immigration is because they get exploited by companies ? 
  what . 
  you 're being a smart ass again . 
  what i 'm saying is , there 's little benefit for them here . 
  letting them come does little good . 
   are you blind ? 
  you have n't said anything in the defense of your vague and poorly stated ideas . 
  i 've given you what i think and why , you have n't done that . 
  this obviously is n't going anywhere . 
  if you had anything in the defense of letting immigrants come to our nations , you would have already said it . 
  not you 're just mad because simple logic and knowledge defeats whatever idea you have in your head .
