  i was referring to the smaller cultural practices that some of these ruffian kids of my generation are forgetting . 
  it 's my fault for not being clear . 
  the funny thing is , the guys on that site are so preoccupied with skin color , yet they do n't realize how far they are from being good representatives of whatever they would consider their ` race ' . 
  your name just screams slavery . 
  not that you 're a proponent of slavery , but you see what happens when people judge a man 's character by his reddit username ? 
  how am i `` fucking racist '' ? 
  did you bother learning the context to all of things that he posted , things that are ... * out of context * ? 
  please , take your assumptions somewhere else . 
  fight fire with fire . 
  it * was * communism that kicked fascism in the balls . 
  sarcasm , look it up . 
  granted , it 's my fault for not being more obvious . 
  i honestly ca n't even see that working . 
  just because some white people see a bi-racial couple on tv , they wo n't suddenly come down with a case of jungle-fever . 
  that 's actually an interesting thing to say , `` for them , a non-white could never have a white child . '', 
  i never really thought of that as an idea . 
  thanks for pointing that out , it 's especially interesting to me since my girlfriend is half black half white . 
  do you realize that most of what i said was entirely a joke . 
  also , how so ? 
  reddit loves it when someone posts about an american slaughtering german soldiers . 
  the subs we gave to israel were n't entirely a political ` sorry ' , but they were damn close . 
  merkel is too busy pleasing everyone to take germany down a single path , although that 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  as for that last quote , you did n't even bother reading the context , did you ? 
  i love how much time you put into this , and all of it was for naught . 
  i 'm an insanely cynical and sarcastic person , so maybe that threw you off , but still . 
  also , you really reminded me of this : http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/polandball+german+nationalism.+the+experts+say+that+germany+is+still_239632_3082363.jpg, 
  that was a joke . 
  white trash annoys me more than the lower class of any other ethnicity . 
  i feel personally ashamed by people like them . 
  `` reddit in general is full of a lot of pc libtards i believe , no ? 
  plenty of non-whites on there too . '', 
  to be fair , these douches have a point . 
  we * are * a bunch of self hating pc libtards . 
  i 'm one of the more serious people when it comes to preserving european culture standing in the world , but that website is full of the reasons why we ca n't have nice things . 
  yea , maybe some of us caucasian folk could start reproducing a bit more , but they make it sound like white liberals and non-whites are in some sort of a pact to eradicate white people . 
  to be fair , a * lot * of people that have to deal with gypsies say stuff like this without fully meaning it . 
  the comments on that twitter link are cringe-worthy . 
  i see the reasoning , but your interests are not ukraine 's interests , and that 's impossible to deny . 
  the eu can offer an ideology , a potentially powerful union of the european family , whereas russia can only offer money , and potential invasion . 
  i agree that ukraine needs to improve , but i still think that the way forward is with the eu . 
  that being said , i do n't think it would be economically wise for the eu to take on another country that 's in debt at the moment . 
  holy biscuits dude , you have a pretty legit screening process . 
  nice . 
  you , like me , have hungarian blood . 
  do you think that our revolt against the austrians was worth it ? 
  it 's subjective , and i do n't think there 's a single right answer . 
  i think that it was worth it , so the men of our country could stand tall and be proud that they were equals . 
  through death , our country entered what i think was the greatest time period in our history . 
  just my point of view though . 
  i 'm still young and idealistic . 
  ^ very , * very * relevant . 
  that 's the motto . 
  the french guy would know !, 
  i love those light tanks on wheels that the french military uses , perfect for the kind of wars we 'll be fighting for the next few decades . 
  he 's rides on the failure of others . 
  he does n't offer real solutions , only complaints . 
  i 'm not saying that his complaints are n't valid , but i do n't see the ukip doing europe any good . 
  our power is fading , and with farage 's thinking , we 'll all be suckling the teat of the us to survive . 
  i 'd rather put up with the hardships of setting up a european federation than see our continent weaken any more than it has . 
  i feel like it also holds a lot of cultural implications too . 
  i can see what you mean though , that makes sense . 
  how 's it feel , watching your country kneel to a foreign culture ? 
  i do n't want to sound harsh ( even though i just did ) here , but if a middle eastern bank created `` christian '' accounts , i 'd be pretty upset . 
  that would make my people seem pretty silly for even wanting such a thing in a country that is n't theirs . 
  did the bank create this because of complaints , or did they do it to get more business ? 
  i hate assuming , but either way , something is very wrong . 
  for one , the lithuanians that died are n't the major issue , they only symbolize the problem of the ussr . 
  also : `` but there is evidence in this video of someone coming to the tank and doing something before the video cuts off at around 1:17 . '', 
  is it wrong that a person , in their own country , would try to annoy a foreigner that was waving the barrel of a tank at his people ? 
  what ` evidence ' do you speak of ? 
  he simply ducked under the cannon to do so , he 's obviously not planting a fucking bomb . 
  i see more aggression in the face of that single soviet beating a peaceful protester than i do in all of the lithuanians combined . 
  best video on the subject . 
  short , informative , and entertaining . 
  really ? 
  i do n't have a very good point of view from here in the us then . 
  also , lower middle class conservatives . 
  i 'm starting to think that the average british joe ( is there another name for them over there ? ), 
  is n't the reason for the `` uk thinking they 're better than the eu '' stereotype . 
  it seems to me that it 's mostly the rich and powerful in the uk that are n't so hot on the eu . 
  that got really dark near the end . 
  i 'm not entirely clear on what he said . 
  if it 's blatant racism , i get it , but if it 's comedy then i think it 's one of those things where if you do n't like it , carry on . 
  as was mentioned in the article , he should be punished after the fact instead of being censored . 
  exactly , despite the fact that the scots and the english are fairly different . 
  how do the scots feel about the eu ? 
  wow , ireland is more european than the english . 
  also , if you join the eu , you can be the cool new guy while the uk makes everyone hate him by being jealous . 
  as for the military thing , good soldiers are good soldiers , no matter their number and funding . 
  i like the idea of a united europe . 
  helps me sleep at night . 
  5 % of hungary 's population was nobility , more that the economic rulers of the us . 
  he does have a point . 
  the extreme economic conditions in america are hurting the country as much as an incompetent monarch could . 
  also , it 's about as hard to become a ruler in the us ( one of the 1 % ) as it was to become a noble . 
  having nobility worked out for some nations . 
  hungary was a great country under a monarchy , and a foreign one at that . 
  some countries make it work , some do n't . 
  i can see that , but i 'm sure he would have found a way . 
  the guy is the archetype for an evil corporate boss .
