  at that , an invader would have to cross densely populated countries full of determined defenders that have a proud military culture that would resurface in the event of an invasion of europe . 
  the us does n't offer as much as you think . 
  european arms manufacturers often outdo american ones when it comes to conventional weaponry ( at a higher cost , of course ) , the combined fleets of the eu are more than enough to hold their own against any but the us navy , and while american intelligence is an asset , the extend of america 's watch would n't be quite so useful in the type of war we 're talking about . 
  local reconnaissance beats electronic in a conventional war , not to mention that european nations are starting to tip toe into their own drone programs , mostly utilizing the global hawk with some modifications . 
  both . 
  i 'm not sure what makes people think that the eu , a powerhouse of industry and technology , could n't adapt to a war with an eastern nation . 
  having a massive military does * not * equate to being militarily superior . 
  the us has a large military because of its spread interests and aggressive foreign policy , and european nations maintain small military forces because they do n't need to protect south korea , the philippines , the middle east , and so on . 
  the eu does n't have any foreseeable conflicts aside from interventions in africa , and even those will be limited . 
  nobody on the planet has it out for us , and there 's few countries that would benefit from a war with the eu . 
  also , look at the price that the us pays for its military . 
  ~ 20 % of the federal budget went to defense in 2011 . 
  imagine what you could do with just a small portion of that money . 
  granted , hoping for budget efficiency is foolish when it comes to the us government , but just try to imagine a us with proper civil services . 
  real healthcare , the abolition of insane tuition costs , things like that . 
  i understand that the us currently needs its large military to have more weight in political dealings , but those political dealings are n't necessary . 
  i 'm not bashing on the us , i live here at the moment and i love it , i 'm just trying to give you some perspective on why the eu simply does n't need to spend as much on defense as the us does . 
  the russian military is in shambles , and given russia 's divided population , any war with the eu is unlikely and would serve to put an end to the current russian government . 
  once more , germany and france have the foundation in place for full scale warfare , but it 's pointless to waste money on having numbers when you do n't need it . 
  france and germany produce high quality weaponry , and they could do so en masse if the need arose . 
  as for soldiers , both countries historically produce great fighters . 
  a couple of decades of relative peace have n't changed that . 
  european integration would only be unlikely because the uk wants nato to stay dominant over the military forces of the west , which it wo n't if the european common security and defense policy moves forward , which is a likely possibility due to the us possibly pulling out of europe and the eu ( hopefully ) becoming a proper superpower . 
  a lot of things are changing with the uk moving towards its exit from the eu . 
  i get where you 're coming from , and i 'm not outright disagreeing , but my point still stands . 
  europe could protect itself in the event of a war , and it has the power to adapt if it needs to . 
  there is no reason or incentive for anyone to go to war with us , the idea that the us is saving the eu is outdated and erroneous in modern context . 
  i know that there 's great value in having the us as an ally , but that 's what the us is , an ally . 
  next to nothing is pushing it . 
  the french military is well suited for the kind of interventions that western nations like to partake in , germany 's military is strong at the core , and italy and spain add a decent weight to european military power . 
  if a real war were to break out , europe would have no problem defending itself . 
  europe has a * very * strong industry , along with an efficient infrastructure . 
  i * would * be happy to see germany and france lead a proposed european military force , as it 's plausible and workable , but not to contribute to america 's wars . 
  i care a lot more about trying to take care of africa 's problems than i do about helping america in its wars . 
  hitler and bush were on completely different levels . 
  one killed several million jews , and the other one was incompetent and got his misinformed nation to start a stupid war . 
  one nation regrets its actions , while the other one sort of ignores how much damage its done to the world by simply being misinformed while wielding great power . 
  an arrogant ass who knows how to reason for his own purposes is the worst kind of troll . 
  i do n't like to assume that he 's an arrogant ass all the time , but it 's what i 've gathered from the stuff he says . 
  i live in america , so i know better , but his kind of comments make it easier for non-americans to believe in the ` arrogant american ' stereotype , which i as a non-american hate . 
  i love americans , and i hate to see that the most vocal american on this sub is also the worst example of his people . 
  he prowls this subreddit , looking to shit on any conversation where people agree that the us is n't immaculate . 
  i 'm not kidding , take note of his name and then keep an eye out for his comments , they 're everywhere . 
  we do n't really need him to do it . 
  i know better , but if i did n't , i would n't have any problem resenting the people of the uk for the way their government acts sometimes . 
  no , we do n't always get to choose how our leaders act , but you get where i 'm coming from , right ? 
  also , i often get the impression that the uk cares more about its relations with the us than it does about its relations with europe . 
  the amount of time that uk politicians spend fussing about a european military force being at odds with nato is painful . 
  to be fair , he 's not entirely wrong . 
  switzerland is * not * the little guy . 
  if the eu disapproves of switzerland 's political practices , it has every right to treat switzerland differently . 
  if switzerland wants to hold ideas that contrast with that of the eu , it can find other allies . 
  to be fair , the uk is n't * reaaaaally * in europe . 
  have n't you been keeping up with the populist british media ? 
  you know , i believe in charity and such , but begging does n't solve any of their problems . 
  in fact , it only allows the problem to go on . 
  i live in hollywood ca at the moment , and hobos are a huge problem here . 
  i ca n't walk home from school ( 1 block of walking ) without feeling like i 'm in danger . 
  a couple of tourists were stabbed to death a few months ago because they did n't give money to beggars . 
  the sad thing is , there * are * government and private programs that would help the homeless get off the street , but they do n't want to work for it or give up their freedom . 
  forget ukraine , this needs investigation !, 
  the north remembers ... 
  i 'm serious man , they wo n't let that shit go . 
  okay , obligatory joke out of the way , this is pretty cool . 
  it 's nice to see that egalitarianism is doing good in europe . 
  i 'd give her * my * stimulus package . 
  did the government do anything specific to make this happen ? 
  a explanation from a regular joe living there would be appreciated . 
  my first love is for all of europe . 
  i love germany , but it is one piece of our beautiful continent . 
  i speak so much of germany only because that is the topic that we are on . 
  ah , i see the vikings are still raiding europe yearly . 
  good for them !, 
  also , that ad made me want to go to school there , damn those fascists school directors !, 
  wow , the current government sounds like a bunch of dirtbags . 
  i thought we were past denying what happened in ww2 , and what 's up with this nuclear deal ? 
  moving hungary closer to the new soviet union and farther away from the eu ? 
  `` but out of respect for other nations and peoples and all victims of the atrocities of ww2 , we need to keep our heads down a little . '', 
  what you said there contrasts * greatly * with what you said in your previous comment . 
  i agree , germany owes a lot to the people of europe , but why ca n't i be proud of what came before ? 
  our history goes back long before hitler and his shit stains rose to power . 
  the nation suspect what was going on , but how were they to know the extent of what the government was doing ? 
  the nazis worked obsessively to keep the paper trail clean , and under the ocean of propaganda and the high of success , what the hell were regular citizens supposed to do ? 
  there were 20-something thousand camps , and only 22 ( give or take a few ) of those were death camps . 
  should they have walked about in the forests of europe , asking the ss what they were doing ? 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but i 'm trying to point out the factors that allowed such a thing to happen . 
  germany did n't just wake up one day and decide to systematically eradicate a religious group of people . 
  even the most hate filled people need a lot of outside factors to go along with such a thing . 
  germany has a disgusting history ? 
  wow , you 're more pathetic than i thought if you think that a single war somehow overshadows the rest of our history . 
  at that , the whole nation was n't bloodthirsty and murderous during the war . 
  we certainly do n't have a right to not be ashamed of that period in our history , but what you 're doing is sad . 
  by your logic , all of the major nations of the earth should bash themselves because our ancestors were as progressive as we are now . 
  your dim view of the world really needs some updating , because it takes someone that 's * seriously * ignorant of the rest of the world to rate germany so harshly . 
  do you also spend your days trolling / r/germany and walking the streets of your neighborhood , accusing everyone of being racist ? 
  i did n't mean to sound hostile , there 's just some others unnamed on this thread that * are * being hostile and it rubbed off . 
  stahl just means steel , and most people ca n't connect the name to anything . 
  i certainly did n't know who the man was when i made this account , and my real name * is * alexander . 
   the thing is , once you feel like you have to `` preserve '' a culture it 's already dead . 
  truer words have rarely been said .
