  the last roman emperor lived and died in eastern europe . 
  sorry to poop on your party , but cme back to me when you , the individual , accomplish something world changing without and organization at you back . 
  if you want to do your own thing , that 's fine , but humans thrive only when they stand together . 
  mlk had his people behind him , as did the scientists that sent a man into space and the soldiers that held back the ottomans . 
  that being said , strength only comes from voluntary unity, 
  i had the displeasure of going to an american school system . 
  the students are already far behind european students by the time they enter high school , and the gap does n't close in those four years . 
  the university system is also very broken , as the tuition rates are disgusting . 
  * i 'm on my terrible phone , so forgive me if i 'm a bit brief * it seems that my post was very poorly phrased , because i did n't intend it to be a political idea . 
  i am admittedly cherry picking , but i have a lot of passion for the history of our forefathers and i see a lot of recurrent themes the we still see today . 
  the reason why i picked the romans is because of the material and philosophical things they gave to europe that would lead to many european cultures having a great deal in common . 
  the romans were as much the fathers of france as were the gauls when it comes to culture . 
  we have one thing that the german people of that time did n't have , the internet . 
  a concentration camp would be all over the web within a week of its discovery . 
  it 's much harder getting away with lies these days , and that is what got the nazi 's into power , lies . 
  a thousand curses on me for not being more clear . 
  as you can already tell , i 'm a big fan of romanticism and the idea i presented here is less political than imany are percieving it to be . 
  what i was trying to say ( poorly ) was that europeans are the sons of rome , and that if i were to choose one civlization to attribute eurpean greatness to , it would be rome . 
  the romans , like every other civilization , were n't perfect , but look at european culture . 
  our architecture , literature , and politics were allbased on what rome left behind . 
  walls and roads , philosophies and technology . 
  that 's wat i 'm shooting at . 
  in theory , the us is very much like rome , in practice though ... not so much . 
  regardless , i was talking about philosophy , not politics . 
  roman honor as it is . 
  their citizenship system , in historical context , was actually quite fair for their time . 
  slavery in rome could happen anyone , regardless of color , religion , or gender . 
  also , romans considered slavery to be the product of misfortune , and they did n't justify it by simply claiming other people to be inferior . 
  conqueror 's rights . 
  in a way , roman slavery was a lot more fair and just than colonial era slavery , if those two words could ever be applied to slavery at all . 
  all of this , a great many years before the time of our respective nations . 
  romanticism is the very heart of purpose !, 
  rome is a representation of ideas , a representation of unity across nationalities . 
  perception and symbolism rule the motives of man , symbols are required , and i picked rome to be mine . 
  uniting all of humanity is very far off friend , and even i ca n't fool myself into thinking that it 's possible within the foreseeable future . 
   you also think of rome as a united people spanning across the continent . 
  even if that were true , ask yourself this : how many roman workers traveled the way we do now ? 
  how many carpenters from hispania went to see the alps ? 
  how many people had friends from other provinces ? 
  how many people had business or learned from others on the other side of the continent ? 
  true , but the romans were able to promote equality without all of that . 
  it 's like saying that the romans were culturally ignorant of others because they did n't have the internet , yet we do . 
  there 's some serious cultural immaturity going on when i ca n't call a black person ` colored ' or ` black ' . 
  ` white ' is okay though , right ? 
  alright , we 're getting somewhere here . 
  i 'm a big fan of obamacare , but the shutdown that it partially caused does shed light on a pretty big problem , would n't you say ? 
  tyranny of the minority is a bit extreme , but it 's not completely off . 
  being a denizen of the west coast , i see too little patriotism . 
  people do n't really refer to themselves as americans proudly , here it 's just a tag that denotes your citizenship status . 
  on the topic of military power , europe is self sufficient in terms of defense . 
  woe to anyone that thinks they can invade the most militarily prestigious continent on earth . 
  i think we 'd all be surprised at the force with which a united europe would wield if someone were to attack us . 
  granted , european expeditionary capabilities need some work , but at the moment it would be a poor investment . 
  regarding warren , maybe her passions speaks to you , i find her to be about as inspiring as merkel , which is n't a compliment . 
  and finally , regarding southern europe , i should n't have generalized . 
  you 'd have to offer me a lot of money to live there , and in that case i 'd prefer to stay here in california . 
  well , darn . 
  here i was thinking i had an original name . 
  it 's a bit awkward because i 'm mostly a fan of the cdu . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  ideas like that are n't uncommon in the us , only nothing is being done to put them into action . 
  political deadlocks are common , particularly at this time of the year . 
  obama is nearing the end of his role as president , so the conservatives are going to spend the next few months shooting down every attempt to fix the problems he mentioned . 
  all while the us public watches in complacency . 
  i 'm not america bashing , i love this country , i just disagree with a lot of what goes on within it , and i would n't wish this countries woes on my worst enemy . 
  believe me man , i love the shit out of europe . 
  i want to live to see the day when we can all be our respective nationalities and still find the passion to help our neighbors as we would our own . 
  i want to see polish and german soldiers train side by side as brothers brothers who will never be used to repress their people but instead fight for justice that transcends borders . 
  i want to see the eu succeed and deliver on its promises . 
  my ultimate fear is that we will lose and philosophical beliefs , and my ultimate hope is that our politics will be guided by moral purpose , to establish a union that has the power to be good and fair , and accept the responsibilities that come with such an undertaking . 
  as it was said in the quote , '' ... a place can be eternal as long as those who live in that place care for it , nurture it , make it even greater . '', 
  take it from a resident of los angeles , the lgbt issue goes deeper than just lawful rights . 
  it 's a cultural problem that only has two extremes vying for victory . 
  the ultra liberal solution , where it 's only okay for gays to kiss in public , and the ultra conservative solution , where it 's only okay for straight people to live with rights . 
  prisons are still filled with the colored , this nation 's racial problems are very far from over . 
  i go to a mostly colored school , and most people automatically assume that i 'm a racist because i 'm white . 
  that there is a fucking problem , excuse my french . 
  true , the west shares mostly the same economic problems , but the eu has the commodity of more informed voters . 
  edit : not to imply that americans are stupid in any way , the people that i discuss politics with are mostly america . 
  i just think that the us public is extremely ignorant of what goes on in their own country . 
  those racial problems are n't decreasing friend , if anything we 're entering a new age of racial conflict . 
  the martin case was highlighted by people ignoring facts and picking a side based on opinions and race . 
  getting a black president elected is a very shallow achievement , i 'll be more impressed when proper education and public services is provided to poor communities and prisons can stop being filled up with the colored . 
  do n't bring universities up then , there 's nothing more to say on the subject . 
  european nations could have pulled off libya without the us 's help , american missiles only sped up the defeat of the libyan government , it would have toppled with or without america in the picture . 
  the balkans are a twenty year old story , since then germany , france , and the uk have acquired the technology required for a bombing campaign like that , look at libya . 
  syria is also a special case , but the only meaningful kind of intervention would be in the form of ground forces , and ground forces are where european nations excel . 
  the us does maintain a larger fleet and air force , but as a major pacific power that 's to be expected and required . 
  the us succeeds because of its navy and its air force , the marines and army have numbers going for them but i 'll be surprised on the day that america can field better infantry than that of the brits , and even the war shy germany still has high quality troops despite the bumps in the road . 
  warren has solid political ideas but she lacks the other half of a leader , a passion that can lead nations , which is admittedly better than the alternate failing , passion without a shred of political wisdom , mussolini being a prime example of that . 
  the aforementioned mentality showed the moment that you thought america was at all like the idea i was proposing . 
  the us is a special case , but at its core this nation is a failure that runs because the suits in charge keep the money flowing and the people subjugated . 
  i 'm not smug when i say that , there 's a lot i love about this country , but i ca n't repress a laugh every time someone suggests that i cancel my plans to move back to europe in a year . 
  quite honestly , when it comes to actually living somewhere , europe is indeed a better place . 
  it has its petty problems , but europe is much more politically mature than the us , and that 's always going to be the case . 
  i would n't say that europe is tearing itself apart . 
  we 've had it much worse than the us , and yet it has never seemed so bleak . 
  i sit here in los angeles and watch this nation do something to itself that is indecisive but damaging . 
  the destruction that europe has wreaked upon itself has resulted in progress . 
  prime example , the rise of the nazi party has finally quelled any major belief that fascism is the way forward .
