  what happened happened . 
  it makes it more difficult to spy on others . 
  the us is already having problems sustaining its habits , making it harder will go quite a way in preventing spying . 
  also , the point of it is n't to completely prevent spying , but to instead make it enough of a hassle that only truly important intelligence will be gathered . 
  the us is n't about to deploy a sub just to learn about brazils porn preference . 
  tl ; dr the point of this is to make the juice worth less than the squeeze . 
  european nations do n't even come close to the stuff that the us has done . 
  the general attitude is that all but necessary intelligence just leads us closer to wars and problems . 
  a degree of spying is almost necessary among nations . 
  knowing how strong the enemy is allows you to avoid an arms race and keep tensions low . 
  it sucks , but that 's how it is . 
  it 's stepping over the line when you try to uncover the whole of a nation 's inner workings , while archiving data on its citizens for no other reason than to have as much dirt as possible . 
  everything like this is decided within the context of a nation 's military capabilities . 
  no , that does n't mean that those forces are to be used , but when nations treat with one another , they always take into account the potential strength behind the words of their foreign counterparts . 
  right now , russia can do a lot of things to ukraine without fear of military reprisal on the part of the eu . 
  that 's why i brought up the military aspect of the topic . 
  dude , he 's far from decent . 
  he 's friendly with the nationalists , he 's corrupt as hell , him and the people that vote for him are the reason why i do n't identify is a hungarian-german . 
  if it was n't ukraine 's coast , i 'd agree with you . 
  the people in crimea are very backwards and such , i do n't think anyone would mind no longer having to share a country with them . 
  i was n't saying that we did n't , but if we 're already assuming that the eu agrees on ukraine ( which is a stretch ) then we can all agree that nothing is going to come of being `` ready to rescue ukraine '' if our military forces are n't properly maintained , especially if nations like germany skimp . 
  i did n't clarify what i said , but you do n't think that certain countries should contribute more to the eu 's military power ? 
  the eu wo n't be ready to save anything till we agree on some sort of true military policy . 
  all of the potential power we have , untapped because of the dissenting few and the complacent many . 
  huh , that sucks for everyone . 
  i get the eu 's point of view , but for a small nation like iceland , i can definitely understand why eu regulations and such would be a risky and undesirable undertaking . 
  i 'm not from iceland , so i do n't want to say any sweeping statements that i do n't have a right to say , but as a european i really hope that iceland joins one day . 
  maybe when the union has shown itself to be permanent and not a failed idea . 
  could n't iceland just add a bunch of asterisks onto their membership like some other northern nations did regarding stuff like that ? 
  with so much going on in the world , particularly stuff like syria and ukraine , does n't the spanish government realize that it 's a sensitive time to do shit like this ? 
  this wo n't fade away , there 'll be some serious shit up ahead if spain continues on this course . 
  if we did n't squabble , we would n't be true europeans . 
  keep in mind that a lot of time has passed since the european intervention in the balkans . 
  what country are you from , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i 've said eu several times . 
  moldova does n't fall anywhere within what the european union would consider to be a defense . 
  there 's no obligation to defend moldova , so i do n't know why you keep bringing up baltic states like they 're the flash point or something . 
  you 've literally just pointed out why your argument is moot . 
  if there is no land invasion of europe , then the existence of these forces is unnecessary . 
  the scenario that we were debating was one of up front confrontation . 
  i do agree that our peacetime forces need to be kept to a standard , but i 'm more worried about the eu 's lack of ability to intervene than i am about someone actually trying to take over europe . 
  it 's * not * going to happen , no nation would take such a risk as invading a densely populated and industrious continent like europe . 
  i hitler could n't do it ( and he * controlled * a big part of the continent already ) nobody will , or at least not at the moment . 
  you 're mistaking a nation 's deployment capability with standard operational ability . 
  as i 've repeated many times , the ability to wage a conventional war still rests in the arsenals of many nations . 
  european military forces only get flake because they lack the ability to cross oceans and maintain such supply lines as a faraway war would demand , but so many of our perceived enemies . 
  my point in a nutshell , because i do n't think we 're on the same page . 
  europe is wealthy , industrious , and densely populated . 
  the quality of the european infantryman is , even at its worst , as good as that of our enemies . 
  the quality of our defense industry easily rivals that of any other faction . 
  the ability to call up soldiers and weapons is not the issue , it is a lack of common standards , a common command , and a lack of naval assets that are * required * to invade a nation . 
  all of these have already been brought up by eu leaders , and with what some would call the degradation of nato , a european military command is likely , so the kind of problems you 're talking about wo n't be an issue by the time that there might be potential for a conventional war happening . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , i do n't like how the eu is n't hurrying up on this issue , but you have to weigh the needs of europe against maintaining a massive force full time . 
  it 's nice to have a large standing army , but we need to focus on helping our own people before we even consider doing anything that requires larger forces than what we have . 
  france has an affinity for mobile warfare , but the french also had less local enemies . 
  the middle east is full of nations and people that despise the us . 
  at that though , why did the us get involved in the middle east if it did n't have the strength to carry its mission through ? 
  i love the us , but it 's a political toddler . 
  you 're making up conclusions . 
  the uk has veterans . 
  france has veterans . 
  poland has veterans . 
  even the current german military was built on standards and doctrines that were set down by veterans . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting your opinions from , but your view on this subject seems to be extremely biased and baseless . 
  european soldiers have performed well in all recent conflicts , france is a perfect example . 
  they took mali by storm , it was a textbook clean intervention . 
  that experience is negligible . 
  green american soldiers and marines do quite well against insurgents who have been fighting for decades . 
  experience is negligible in the face of a superior doctrine . 
  you 're also missing my point . 
  there would be no reasonable cause for russia and the eu to go to war over a small baltic country . 
  issues like that are settled through politics . 
  we 're talking about one side trying to invade the other . 
  current experience ? 
  seeing as all of russia 's veterans fought their wars using soviet tactics , i think the west is fine . 
  also , you 're ignoring that fact that the eu has much , * much * more manpower at its disposal than russia does , not to mention better technology . 
  even germany , a nation that was ahead of its enemies in terms of quality , lost because numbers and industrial strength told . 
  the qualities that make the us strong also apply to europe . 
  innovative industries , and a large work force . 
  actually , a host of higher quality small armies is generally better . 
  what was stronger , the alliance of christian nations or the ottoman horde ? 
  not only that , but the russians would n't even have numbers on their side . 
  the rest of europe could have many more raw recruits at its fingertips were a war to break out , not to mention a larger workforce . 
  you 're also forgetting that while the us fought in vietnam , it too has n't fought a full scale war since ww2 ( although korea was damn near one ) . 
  russia has n't fought a full scale war since ww2 either . 
  chechnya showed that russia had trouble managing rebels . 
  afghanistan more so than that . 
  your points are all moot . 
  libya was n't a conventional war , and france did most of the work in mali . 
  russia would n't take the baltics by force , why do people think that russia is full of barbaric putin worshippers ? 
  half of his people dislike putin and his policies , and he 's in a pretty sensitive place . 
  if he set russia on the warpath with the eu , he 'd have domestic problems to worry about to . 
  the newer generations of russians are increasingly pro-europe , so your opinion is pretty outdated . 
  also , you 've overlooked the fact that the eu has a much stronger combined force than russia . 
  better soldiers , better gear , stronger industry , more political leverage in the international scene . 
  the soviet union fell , did n't you get the memo ? 
  tell me , how would china * get * to the eu ? 
  also , an independent military infrastructure is * exactly * what the eu has , it just does n't make use of it . 
  europe has the ability to do what it needs , it just chooses not to at the moment . 
  france and the uk are the only nations capable of undertaking independent operations on foreign soil , but we 're talking about a conventional , full out war here , something that europe has never and will never lack the ability to do .
