thank god for mississippi, 
  at least the english flag will probably be more prominent . 
  has anyone else noticed that the british isles change in national composition like every century since the 1700s ? 
  first the kingdom of great britain . 
  then the uk of great britain and ireland . 
  then the uk of great britain and northern ireland . 
  an now it seems that it 's a real possibility that by the end of the new 20s , the uk of england , wales , and northern ireland . 
  this thread feels very national frontish ... 
  at first glance , i thought that all these guys were killed , when i saw `` purge '', 
  i am pretty sure that california and texas , or at least the americans that came in , wanted to join the us , while you got me on hawaii . 
  a better comparison would be the native americans who got conquered and are apart of the nation that is technically occupying their land . 
  there 's actually an idea for the parts of the dakotas to secede and become lakotah , but nobody takes them seriously , even other tribes within the same area . 
  usually when i think soon , concerning politics , i think sooner than next autumn as i know that political acts can take a long time to pass and then they take a long time for the results to come in . 
  yeah , i could go with that . 
  there 's not going to be any more need for speculation soon . 
  edit : what ? ... 
  there 's really not going to be anymore need for speculations as we will soon be able to see the aftermath of brexit . 
  whatever happens in the aftermath will silence all the crazy speculations that verge from a `` new britain empire as the commonwealth grows closer and closer '' to `` little england all by herself '' . 
  finally , some certainty in this mess . 
  what 's it like to live in a country with a high population density ? 
  why would i be lucky if trump was elected ? 
  that would mean all the uk bashing would go back to the us as usual . 
  did you misunderstand me ? 
  well , i never thought i 'd see europe bash the uk more than they do us . 
  better keep my mouth shut till november , so that way i do n't jinx anything . 
  how about adopting ? 
  why not just adopt children from poor countries and raise them in your values ? 
  it allows women to not have to ruin their bodies , it does n't increase the world population , it provides aid to an impoverished child , i ca n't see to many negatives except for the people who wo n't want children , but if they do n't want them , then they 're probably the not the best to raise children ... 
  wow ... all this recent and quick news on the eu doing military stuff . 
  it kind of gives off the impression that some eu leaders were just waiting for brexit to occur , so they can really speed things up . 
  overall , the world is changing so fast , not just technologically , but geopolitically . 
  for better or for worse . 
  these actually sound pretty good . 
  in fact , i already use most of these suggested alternatives, 
  you guys are so lucky to live in such nice nations . 
  any recommendations for where i could ask this question ? 
  could you please explain further ? 
  because they invade countries , interfere in other nations elections , kill political targets , etc. 
  of course , i know the same can be said for the us , but do they really think the nato europe would invade russia , just because the us asked to ? 
  family oriented as in families are pretty close together , people do n't move out until marriage or a job requires it , grandparents live with their children and grandchildren , large family gatherings , etc. 
  i do n't mean anything involving government or or a code word for something prejudiced , but that families stick together and always try to find an excuse to be together . 
  correct !!, 
  one time i heard that england and wales are in western europe , while scotland is in northern europe . 
  fisca o quimica ( physics or chemistry ), 
  i find this in multiple websites , although i should mention that they 're all millennials or even younger . 
  most i see are under 30 . 
  so , what 's the big difference between londoners and parisians or berliners ? 
  i did n't say britain was n't in western europe , i 'll have to reword that comment . 
  yeah , but i imagine that if the language barriers were broken , which can be done rather easily as i am willing to learn a new language to communicate with fellow fans , i imagine that we would n't be so different . 
  in fact i just got into this spanish show , from spain , and it really opened my eyes into how similar western cultures can be . 
  i am pretty sure there 's no american influence in it , however , as it 's basically a show for spanish high schoolers , and i am a high schooler , but not a spaniard . 
  so , despite the language barrier , i can still relate to the themes of the show as the ( western ) teenage experience ( or first world problems ) seems to be quite similar all over western countries . 
  belarus is not in western europe . 
  but , they 're in western europe . 
  in regards to the last part , i think there is a similar thinking in that people would mention italian or german ancestry , which is common in argentina , and about the internet , the thing that inspired me to make this post is that i notice the internet is creating a similar culture between everybody . 
  like i go on this website , deviantart , and i notice that you have artist from all over the world who draw fanart of a common show or comic . 
  like , there 's this argentine artist and she draws fanart of a japanese comic that i like and she acts so similar to her fans who come from all kinds of different countries . 
  and on instagram , there are these dutch twins who are apart of the same `` geek '' culture that i am into , so it 's hard for me to imagine so many differences when our likes in pop culture can be so similar . 
  like , you have people that are fans of star wars and they are n't even american or british , yet i would n't be able to tell what nation they 're from because they act so similar to american fans . 
  well , yeah but it 's unfair to compare ny to tijuana as tijuana is like the flint , michigan or detroit , illinois of mexio , while ny and mexico city serve similar purposes in their own nations . 
  like , it 's hard for me to imagine that a londoner could have so many differences from a parisian or berliner . 
  i would n't think that spain is that poor compared to germany . 
  like a better comparison would be going from ny to mexico city , especially the parts that are on the same economic level . 
  well actually , my neighbor is married to an argentine and they seem to get along pretty well , so i ca n't imagine there would be to many cultural differences . 
  because genetics dictate that race does not exist and historically the idea of race was made , so people could justify persecuting a certain group of people by saying that they were an inferior race . 
  at that point i would n't call them different races , but different ethnic or cultural groups . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's actually pretty much a fact that there is no biological existence of different races in human beings , just different phenotypes . 
  i personally do n't believe in the idea of separate races , but i had to be clear in my language , as i would usually say things like `` european descended '' or `` discriminated against for phenotypical traits '' and if i used that language for the explanation , then it would be much more convoluted then it already was before . 
  so , i chose to be much more blunt and use layman 's terms . 
  oh then i am already used to the g/ch sound as i grew up around a spanish speaking family ( still ca n't really speak spanish though ) , so i must be already used to the sound if it 's like the spanish j. 
  i watched some of these links and sometimes the way the dutch sounded made me expect to hear english . 
  pretty interesting experience . 
  shows how similar the two germanic languages are . 
  i often hear bad things about the way dutch sounds like , but i have to say it sounds pretty good considering all the negatives i heard . 
  thanks for the links . 
  how come there are n't a lot of mexicans in spain compared to the other spanish speaking countries ? 
  and after that catalonia . 
  ;-) but , in all seriousness , how long would it take for scotland to join the eu ? 
  denmark similar to the netherlands ? 
  i never thought of that before . 
  what do you think makes them similar ? 
  thank you , i 'll check it out soon , when i can . 
  thanks , for the recommendation . 
  it 's basically a show about high schoolers ( the cast tends to vary ) that deal with real issues like that teens have to deal with at school . 
  issues like relationships , sex , unwanted pregnancies , racism , homophobia , drugs , alcohol , and relationships with teachers and parents . 
  i have recently gained an interest in european tv shows that have teens or young adults as the main characters ever since i encountered the spanish program `` fisica o quimica '' . 
  so , what other european shows would you guys recommend that are of a similar genre . 
  so , if you had to say what other country in europe was the most culturally similar to your own , which one would you say is the closest to yours ? 
  so , it seems that relationship between the brits and the yanks is pretty good , but i was wondering if the same is true if that of mexico 's and spain 's . 
  i 'd also be interested in spain 's relationship with the rest of hispanic america , but i did n't want to lump them in all together in the title as `` hispanic america '' as i know that they can be very culturally different from each other , not to mention there 's a lot of them compared to the amount of countries within the anglosphere , which makes answers more complicated . 
  i 'd guess that spain and argentina have good relations , people wise , but i am kind of iffy on spain and mexico . 
  ( my mexican mother is paler than most of the `` white/anglo '' people at my school , yet she talks about spain stealing `` our '' gold . 
  like , she looks like a spaniard / european , but she identifies really closely with the aztecs . ), 
  so , for euro languages that you do n't or did n't understand , what do you think of the way they sound to a non-speaker ? 
  do they or did they sound appealing or unappealing to you ? 
  i am gaining an interest in how the animation and art styles of other countries look like , so i thought starting here would be a good idea . 
  besides anime , it 's pretty difficult to find foreign animated films , at least for me . 
  in the us , the one drop rule is where anybody that is visibly mixed race will often be perceived as entirely being the race that is n't white . 
  like from personal experience , my ( black american ) father considers me to be fully black .
