  what a joke . 
  yes , etherdelta is an exchange, 
  uet was accepting only ethereum so it was easy to automate . 
  agrello was accepting multiple currencies ( bitcoin , neo , etc ) so they have to write custom code to distribute that . 
  i agree though that it could be faster . 
  you could buy gtx 1060 , it costs just 205eur , about the same as msrp rx570 . 
  http://www.mwave.com.au/product/inno3d-geforce-gtx-1060-x2-6gb-video-card-ac06577 6gb gtx 1060 in australia for $ 389 . 
  my guess is that their exchange rate conversion logic flawed so they want to manually calculate exchange rate for every withdrawal ( remember that price per delta was in btc ) . 
  i bought delta 's for eth and a few days ago by balance increased by ~ 30 delta 's . 
  is it out of stock ? 
  what 's more likely to get hacked, 
  - an exchange like bittrex or coinbase, 
  - a typical pc with a billion [ ie toolbars installed ] ( https://i.stack.imgur.com/82hwm.jpg ) and all kinds of `` download managers '' , `` virus removers '' , `` pc speed optimizations '' installed ? 
  i personally store my eth in a trezor wallet , but if i were to choose coinbase or my pc , then i would choose coinbase . 
  i agree that those who are serious about crypto should get a hardware wallet , but if you have like 0.5 or 1 eth then it does not make sense . 
  you are saying this like from june . 
  i am paying 0.096 euros per kwh and there is no way it is not profitable . 
  yes , sounds good, 
  i have 35 rx470 and 6 gtx 1070 . 
  0.10 is definitely not the edge for me . 
  let me put it simply : if you do n't start saying all this `` ussr built factories/kindergartens '' or `` nazi parades111 !!! '', 
  shit then nobody is going to discriminate you or even slightly care about your surname . 
   i have a colleague form russia with whom we were quite friendly but after the crimea events our relationship has somewhat soured because of this topic . 
  huh why they are not going back to their beloved russia then ? 
  they are always such hypocrites . 
   does that make me a gopnik ? 
  yes, 
  unexpected token y in json at position 1, 
  this was reposted so many times so i could recite it from memory . 
  some official guy on agrello telegram said that the today 's batch is done . 
  the message from telegram is :, 
   hi everyone , we successfully made 2 first transfers and allocated the pools . 
  we still need some more hours for the big batch . 
  we will continue early in the morning cet with fresh heads . 
  sorry again . 
  we will then complete all pending withdrawals at once , unless there is a significant increase in the amount currently pending . 
  i will keep you posted . 
   best regards . 
  idk but i definitely do not have truth in a 2 months old account, 
  the price is twice lower than during the ico ... 
  get your facts out there, 
  just saying what i see atm, 
  joke level 5/7, 
  because it looks better than a thousand opened debugger windows . 
  use . 
  hardware . 
  wallet . 
  i agree . 
  who knows what would be the next whim of chinese communist party tomorrow ... 
  while we are at it lets make min wage $ 1000 per hour . 
  while we are at it lets make min wage $ 1000 per hour . 
  you ca n't be sick if you are preventively killed , i ca n't argue with that logic . 
  all jokes aside , compare hdi , gini , gdp ppp or anything other between mexico and us and us will be the clear winner . 
  fyi i am from europe and if you would illegally immigrate there as an economic refugee ( i.e. 
  not because of war or something like that ) you also would be scheduled for deportation . 
  there are legal immigration ways but they are only for highly qualified workers . 
   computer games with story over combat focus . 
  since the latter involves software , i have some tiny experience with software in general . 
  computer games do not have any connections with programming . 
   step 1 -- finding a free website that teaches programming from scratch, 
   i 've decided to start with khan academy , then move on to codecademy . 
  is this a good course of action ? 
  yes , you could also try coursera or codeschool . 
  in my opinion codeschool is best for newbies . 
   step 2 -- joining a project, 
   now how exactly can i do that ? 
  i live in a east european city , with not many such projects floating around . 
  but most importantly , my introvert nature prefers to deal with online projects and thus work from home . 
  can i still succeed in this way ? 
  i am not sure if you can join a good project if you do not have any real experience . 
  you could try contributing to open source github projects . 
  you could also try to code your own blog or 4chan-like imageboard and thus learn in the process . 
   i prefer projects with a good ethical attitude whenever possible ( again , no religion ) . 
  do you have any suggestions ? 
  afaik ethics are based on protestantism but maybe its different in your country . 
  i think you should not care about other 's religion . 
   step 3 -- finding a job, 
   again , concretely , how do i do that ? 
  i 'm not interested in working for big corporations ; just to make some money for a decent living for starters ( even 10k $ per year would be great initially ) ; maybe more in the future . 
  the idea is to see how much is it worth the extra time and energy involved . 
  that 's why i 'm not considering a computer science degree , but coding self education instead . 
  once you have enough coding experience ( e.g. 
  with open source github projects ) , you are starting to look for available junior jobs in your area . 
  it would be nice if agrello was answering questions in slack and in telegram, 
   guys my rig it is using 860 watts so that means i am using : 0.86 kwh per hour ? 
  yes, 
   and 25.8 kwh per month ? 
  0.86 * 24 * 30 = 619.2 kwh per month, 
  without isis , who will build the roads ? 
  just to make sure if hackers got your password they ca n't use it anyway . 
  estonian sounds nothing like lithuanian . 
  you gave me the numbers yesterday and they are wrong . 
  i do not have to account for hardware failure for example . 
  like i said i do not have to account for hardware failure . 
  also there are such things as vat charge deductions . 
  also if all coins crash to $ 0.01 then all coin investment is lost but the same ca n't happen with hardware . 
  the volume is ridiculously small, 
  are you a socialist ? 
  no , they refused to comment anything on bittrex in their telegram chat . 
   what was said in the telegram chat ?
