  has reddit been lying to us this whole time ? 
  now i really know you have no standards when they 've already changed and then changed back within the span of four or five reddit posts . 
  whatever logic you need to construct at any given moment to enable yourself to make rage posts about the us , i guess . 
  have fun . 
   you 're engaging in a strawman argument because i never once said that what macedonia is doing is right , or that two wrongs make a right , or whatever it is you keep insisting to change the subject from american hypocrisy . 
  you did say that . 
  that 's literally what you said . 
    my feelings are n't hurt , just pointing out that the us and europe being hypocrites does n't excuse what 's going in in macedonia . 
  it 's incredibly petty . 
   from my point of view , it does . 
  why should macedonia not spy when every other country , especially their accuser , is more than happy to do it ? 
  see that text there ? 
  you typed that . 
  there 's no strawman . 
  ** you said that . 
  if you want to continue to employ a blatant logical fallacy to excuse the wrongdoing of other countries just because you 're hung up on what the us has done , feel free . 
  just know that you completely lack any actual principals or ethical consistency . 
  fact is that the us saying a country is bad does n't automatically make it not true just because the us is also bad . 
  to argue that it does is ridiculous . 
  that 's probably true . 
  i was taking issue with what nowhrmn was arguing : that macedonia ( and presumably any other country ) has every right to spy on their people because others do . 
    from my point of view , it does . 
  why should macedonia not spy when every other country , especially their accuser , is more than happy to do it ? 
   this is how i see it . 
  so you actually want macedonia to spy on its citizens because the us and western europe do ? 
  appears i 've touched a nerve . 
  i 'm sorry the chip on your shoulder about the us prevents you from caring about the health of macedonia 's democracy . 
  it 's possible to criticize both at the same time , maybe you should try that and not be so touchy and petty . 
   from my point of view , it does . 
  why should macedonia not spy when every other country , especially their accuser , is more than happy to do it ? 
  if you genuinely believe two wrongs make a right , then you have terrible ethical standards . 
  neither should be spying on their citizens . 
   time for regime change , i guess . 
  3 edgy 5 me, 
  my feelings are n't hurt , just pointing out that the us and europe being hypocrites does n't excuse what 's going in in macedonia . 
  it 's incredibly petty . 
  davit 's got them pegged . 
  `` history is written by the victors '' is a demonstrably false clich\u00e9 . 
  i find that germans ca n't get enough of saying this . 
  too much for something that does n't matter . 
  i 'm fine with this . 
  i 've never heard a convincing argument that immigration in the us does more harm than good . 
   hitler was right . 
  does n't seem viable to me unless the eu is willing to become a federation , which i do n't think there 's any serious movement for . 
  it ca n't work unless every country involved has the same foreign policy and geopolitical goals , and that 's just not the case . 
  i know this is the internet but murder is n't * necessarily * the correct punishment for every injustice in the world . 
  keep your revenge fantasies to yourself . 
   american media seems to be deadset on painting the european continent as very nationalistic reporting on this is hardly unique to american media . 
  i 'm curious as to why the bnd would even feel compelled to comply with the request . 
  i mean , spying on sukhoi or something , sure , but why would they spy on their own native eu companies ? 
  these surprise street interview type videos are equally anecdotal and unscientific , so whether or not the ones with americans seem worse to you or not does n't really prove anything , which is the point i try to make when i share this video with people . 
  i was about to reply with a similar comment . 
  when americans suggest that alabama and maine are more different in * every * way than france and germany ( to use a random example ) , that 's definitely cringeworthy / r/shitamericanssay material . 
  but that the states can have wildly different outcomes on education , crime , prison populations , health care , etc. 
  is pure statistics , and in the most extreme comparisons the gulf really is wider than it would be comparing most western european countries to each other . 
  states like maine , massachusetts , and minnesota exist on a whole other plane of existence to the deep south . 
  having said that , `` it 's not so bad if you leave out the south/black people '' type defenses of america 's problems are lame and invalid . 
  winston churchill , tony blair , and david cameron as well . 
  danielshaww is the one who framed it like that , not me . 
  he compared america to europe , he did n't say `` european country . '', 
  he 's the one who set up the comparison as knowing american presidents vs. european leaders . 
  true , but it cuts both ways . 
  the us is just one country , so europeans having to know only three leaders from it is n't fair , is it ? 
  the us is ( unarguably , not a matter of arrogance ) the most well known country in the western hemisphere because of cultural exports and geopolitical importance , more dominant than any single country in europe is . 
  so europeans knowing about american leaders , and then requiring americans to know multiple leaders from one of dozens of european countries really is n't a fair comparison . 
  to make it fair you 'd have to expand it to `` name three leaders from three different countries , '' and in that case do you think europeans would fare any better with mexico , argentina , or guyana than americans would with belgium , greece , and sweden ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  they 're called nuclear subs because they 're powered by nuclear reactors . 
  one of their main missions is to fire off nuclear cruise missiles , but also the classic submarine task of simply sinking enemy ships , which you need more than 5-6 of to do effectively or efficiently . 
  i do n't think the 2/3 not-dumb americans would have trouble naming three european leaders from the last 300 years . 
  they could get by on a cursory knowledge of ww2 alone . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sl0w1idvkzy my standard response when someone finds some embarrassing street survey of americans . 
  seems like regardless of the country , a quarter or a third of people have no clue about anything . 
  i 'm not sure if it includes reserve vessels or only currently manned and serviced ones , or if it includes supply and auxiliary ships , etc. 
  i 'd assume not as it does seem a little small . 
  you and the industry do n't give americans enough credit . 
  it 's taken as granted that `` foreign '' things would n't sell but i think its more based on condescending assumptions about `` middle america '' than actual data/evidence . 
  otherwise they must have forget the phenomenon that was crouching tiger , that the mayan-language apocalypto was a # 1 movie , that the south african movie cast with complete unknowns district 9 was a summer hit , that pan 's labyrinth grossed half its income in the united states , just like the movie invictus about a sport 99 % of americans do n't care about . 
  film history is replete with examples of foreign made or set films that were successful in the united states . 
  people just want to see good movies . 
  the problem is the suits in hollywood who think everyone in the `` heartland '' is a retarded hick . 
  russian equipment is always somehow magically less expensive , lighter , cheaper , better armored , and deadlier than anything else in the world , all at the same time ... if you take russians word for it . 
  but the simple fact is some of those attributes preclude some of the other attributes . 
  let 's just say i 'm skeptical about this being the godless killing machine it 's advertised to be . 
  but not as skeptical as i am of russia buying 2,300 of them with their economy in the toilet . 
  oh ... well that 's ass backwards . 
  you 're not even speaking to my point . 
  i did n't say capitalism is a positive thing for the world or that it will solve the water scarcity issue ; if you want to argue that capitalism is a negative force , you do n't know how much you 're preaching to the choir . 
  all i said was that there 's a profit motive on the other side of the issue , which is a simple fact , in response to you saying that there 's no profit motive in solving the issue , which is false . 
  there 's a profit motive on all sides of nearly every issue , including [ climate change ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/environmental_technology ) which was the centerpiece of your reply . 
  are electronic cars and solar panels going to solve global warming all by theirselves ? 
  of course not , but there 's a profit motive in green technology and thus there are green tech companies making money off of it . 
  and when water scarcity becomes an issue as public and worrisome as climate change itself , there will be water elon musks crawling out of the woodwork to make a buck off of any and everyone , especially off the government . 
  you said nothing will happen unless it 's from deep , intense government investment ; well , in capitalist countries like the us and europe , who do you think gets all that money to develop the technology ? 
  it 's not the people 's commissariat for public engineering . 
  it 's going to corporations . 
  money to corporations . 
  profit , for dealing with the water issue . 
  do you understand now ? 
  you talk as if capitalism is a hive mind , unified entity that will decide not to support innovation in a certain field because there 's no profit in it .
