  but not all corporations are in the same field or on the same page . 
  there 's more profit in water scarcity for * some * corporations , there 's profit in * fixing * that problem for others . 
  anywhere there is to make money , they will find a way , whether it 's good for the world and humanity or bad . 
  that 's capitalism 101 . 
  why would i rate france 10/10 if i hated it ? 
  i 'm looking forward to the james bond marathon . 
  take a chill pill buddy . 
  with highly developed nations where rapid growth is n't a goal or on the table , i 'd argue `` gross national happiness '' is the most relevant metric . 
  all the rest is just dick waving . 
  france was one of the 5 countries i gave a 10 . 
  there 's also a profit motive in developing and licensing innovative desalinization techniques . 
  arid climate ! = water scarcity . 
  there are multiple factors that contribute to california 's unique situation . 
  geography , demographics , climate , resource management , etc. 
  an s-300 would prevent that from happening as long as those s-300s are still functioning and in one piece . 
  there 's an entire discipline of warfare dedicated to suppressing and destroying enemy air defenses . 
  not on day one , but that 's what sead , electronic warfare , and wild weasels are for . 
  how can a continent where 99.9 % of the population [ wear tuxedos ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wlsewes.jpg ) not be the most civilized ? 
  i have no opinion on the uk remaining in the eu or not , but nigel farage is definitely a gifted public speaker . 
  japan already `` has '' nukes because it 's a treaty ally of the us , along with south korea and australia . 
  the same way american , british , and french nukes umbrella the rest of the nato countries . 
   based on what ? 
  because he decriminalized it and did n't care that gays were in the government , but never made gay rights a goal of the bolshevik revolution or commented on the issue in his entire life . 
  decriminalization is n't the same thing as an endorsement . 
  it 's not as if lenin took a stance on gay rights . 
  i 'd say he was indifferent . 
  leninism and its offshoots ' ( maoism in china 's case ) social values bare no resemblance to what 's considered `` leftist '' in western countries . 
  there might be some communists in western countries that accept of homosexuality , but it was never historically part of leninist ideology , and in fact it was usually seen as a product of bourgeois decadence . 
   edit : also you seem to have confused my intermingling merely with procreation , i meant culturally too . 
  no offense but you really do need to read about the history of the jewish diaspora . 
  they did n't freely culturally or sexually intermingle , at all . 
  they were isolated and sectioned off , and expelled or subjected to targeted terrorization and murder countless times . 
  as i said in pretty clear terms already , ** their cultural isolation is why they 're a unique ethnicity to begin with ** and not just some religion random whites in europe happen to practice . 
  yes , that 's the point i 've been trying to make . 
  `` jewish '' is an identity with many facets , the jewish religion is just the most easily identifiable one , so to obsess over the religious aspect over everything else is missing the broader idea of what `` jewish '' means . 
  for example , a majority of american jews do n't even believe in god , and third of buddhist americans identify as jewish . 
  benjamin netanyahu and isaac herzog , the two major party leaders running against each other in the last israeli knesset election , are both secular jews who are nonetheless also both zionists . 
  to look at it from another perspective , think of christmas . 
  whether you believe in jesus or not , christmas is an indelible part of western culture , one which many atheists and agnostics still celebrate . 
  there 's a cultural aspect to religion to an extent , or a religious aspect to culture . 
  judaism is indelibly linked to the jewish people , but it 's not the be-all end-all of being a jew . 
  so when it comes to unique aspect of `` converting to the jewish ethnicity '' by converting to the jewish religion , what 's important here is what jews themselves think about what makes someone a jew , not an etched-in-stone definition that is blindly applied to every group to determine what is an `` according to hoyle '' ethnicity or who can lay claim to being part of one . 
  if jews consider someone who converts to judaism to be a jew , then so be it . 
  they are the arbiters of their cultural identity , not outsiders . 
  it 's not my place to tell a navajo they 're not really a navajo because they do or do n't believe in the great spirit , what matters is if he 's considered navajo by the navajo . 
  roma, 
  yes , and one of the main errors in your thought is that jews `` intermingled '' freely with european ethnicities which is simply not the case . 
  the are multiple jewish sub-ethnicities that exist precisely because they were isolated and segregated from the larger islamic and christian societies they live in . 
  ashkenazi ( europe ) , sephardinc ( iberia ) , beta israel ( ethiopia ) , etc. 
  the history of europe is n't one of open minded racial/religious/cultural integration . 
  jews were ghettoized , terrorized , subjected to discrimination , and brutal pogroms for many centuries . 
  they have a unique shared genealogy , history , ancestral homeland , and a religion too . 
  they meet every conceivable definition of an ethnicity . 
  if you 'd study history that becomes very clear , but instead you want to harp on what sounds logical to you from a semantic point of view . 
  the source of the misunderstanding seems to be that you do n't know what `` ethnicity '' means . 
  it 's not a synonym for race . 
   membership of an ethnic group tends to be associated with shared cultural heritage , ancestry , history , homeland , language or dialect , the term culture specifically including aspects such as religion , mythology and ritual , cuisine , dressing style , etc. 
  you can read this too if you want : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/who_is_a_jew%3f#ethnic_and_cultural_perspectives, 
   in other words a european jew is of european ethnicity as much as a european christian , muslims , or whatever is . 
  yes , yes , i know about the maternal line in judaism but after some two thousand years of intermingling they are as much of `` jewish ethnicity '' as italians are `` latins people '' . 
  you have no idea about jewish history . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , dude . 
  jews are a pretty clearly defined ethnocultural and ethnoreligious group . 
  it 's fine if you do n't get it but that does n't change anything . 
  `` jewish '' has a definition that goes beyond simply practicing judaism . 
  there are millions of jews that are atheists , secular , or even converted to other religions who nonetheless still self-identify as jews . 
  * the development of the initially planned variants is not yet complete . 
  * is that better ? 
  because the f-35 is n't done yet . 
  it 's more future proof in any case . 
  he has a plurality of support amongst likely republican primary voters ( republicans that vote in elections to select the republican candidate for the proper presidential election ) . 
  but as a share of the electorate , that comes out to maybe 8-15 % of people . 
  he has extremely negative ratings among most americans and all indications are that he would be completely annihilated by clinton or sanders . 
  it 's a beautiful death in ecstasy . 
  good way to go out . 
  if you set aside suicides and gang related murders , gun related deaths in the us are exceedingly low . 
  not saying those are n't problems and `` do n't count '' somehow , and i 'm for gun control , but you sometimes get the impression that europeans think they 're taking their life into their hands when they come to the us , which is a bit silly . 
   his comment mimics the parent comment too much for it to not be sarcastic . 
  he sounds like a pretty standard 16 year old to me . 
   america is already a second rate power you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  and it was 3,000 . 
  sorry i 'm not fully up to date on my maymays . 
  with 15 million votes cast in 2015 , that 's beyond irrelevant . 
  when i was younger i thought it was odd how in starship troopers everyone from buenos aries was white . 
  as an uninformed 13-year-old i thought everyone south of texas was native , native-european mix , or african . 
  turns out argentina is one of the whitest countries in the world . 
  a really stupid claim indeed . 
  source ? 
  i have hard time believing they had a significant effect on an election in a country with a population of almost 40 million . 
  poland , man ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwjlbkq0emi someone needs to stop pis before it 's too late . 
  i thought this was going to be about the ah-64d apache longbow, 
  the military has kept large swathes of europe and asia stable for the last 70 years . 
  no one notices it because it 's always been that way . 
  i 'm fully aware of bernie 's ancestry . 
  not sure why you think i would n't be . 
  i said ancestral * or * historical . 
  the us ' closeness with israel has a lot more to do with the cold war and the struggle with islamists than anything else . 
  americans who see the united states as the `` indispensable nation '' in international affairs ( which is most americans , regardless of political affiliation ) see israel as a nation that has always been on the same page as us in our struggles , like a brother in arms . 
  it 's not that . 
  privately bought fireworks are becoming a relic of the past in the united states because so many states are suffering through endless droughts and bone dry weather conditions , so fireworks pose an intolerable fire hazard .
