  i lived through [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rim_fire ) . 
  [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/efnsusz.jpg ) is from my driveway in the middle of the afternoon under the blanket of smoke you see in the satellite photo . 
  the struggle is real . 
  poland in particular is fast becoming one of those handful of countries everyday americans feel warm and fuzzy about , like ireland , italy , the uk , israel , etc. 
  it 's especially remarkable considering that , unlike those other countries , there 's no large ancestral or historical connection that 's facilitating it . 
  poland just showed up to the party one day and the two hit it off . 
  $ 250 million per plane . 
  it costs the same or even less ( depending on variant ) as your own typhoons . 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  the $ 98m - $ 116m unit cost is where it 's at because it 's continued to go down thanks to economy of scale . 
  in the late 2000s the cost projections were astronomical , and sadly this is the data that some people continue to go by when assessing it . 
  sure but britain 's situation is different . 
  i assumed it was chosen because the uk wanted a carrier-ready plane but one that was also not french lol, 
  i was only half serious . 
  germany still has an indigenous defense industry they should nurture . 
  [ ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_martin_f-35_lightning_ii ), 
  news and weather two hours before work , watch something for an hour after work , leave the tv on and half pay attention while cooking for an hour , and then watch a movie before bed . 
  it can add up fast . 
  nothing will ever top the [ tomcat ] ( http://www.military-today.com/aircraft/f14_tomcat.jpg ) imo, 
  it looks like it 's made by cylons . 
  on the defensive politically , not always tactically or strategically . 
  the allies were defending themselves in ww2 , that did n't change because they had to march into germany itself to end the threat . 
  if someone 's waging a war on you , you need leverage to make them agree to peace terms . 
   it 's arguably a better cost than warlords going around and the region being terrorized by worse people for the next couple decades . 
  yes , human rights were n't up to a good standard , but he kept order . 
  the problem is the `` order '' of a dictatorship can rack up a body count as high or higher than the chaos of any civil war can . 
  the only difference is the cleanliness of the carnage . 
  at least in a revolution , at the end of the tunnel there 's a chance that the killing might end once and for all . 
   some situations , like this , have no alternative . 
  i disagree . 
  the actual threat of terrorism to the west 's way of life and even the simple physical threat of its bombs is severely overstated , and certainly not enough to justify imposing tyranny on others ( or ourselves , for that matter ) against everything we supposedly stand for in order to prevent it . 
  the alternative is noninterference . 
  when you look back on history , interference is to blame for the supposed need to support autocracy around the world in the first place . 
  it 's a vicious circle and it needs to end at some point . 
  let the citizens of the world sort out their own destiny for once . 
  to be fair to france , what plunged europe into war were monarchies desperate to keep republicanism from spreading to their countries . 
  you ca n't blame the french people revolting for freedom for that . 
  france was on the defensive in the french revolutionary wars . 
   for 42 years he kept order and stability . 
  that 's a pretty good track record . 
  at what cost ? 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_libya ) does n't seem like a `` pretty good track record '' to me . 
  it 's disgusting and depraved conduct that no one should support . 
  who are we to decide for libyans that this is better for them than a war that might end in their freedom ? 
  it 's incredibly arrogant . 
   why not have it now . 
  it 'll be quick . 
  here we go !, 
  it did . 
  the situation is still not fixed and was made worse . 
  perhaps , but the outcome remains to be seen . 
  revolutions can take a while . 
   neither am i , but it 's a lesser of two evils . 
  how about neither of the two evils ? 
  we have no right to impose our will on weaker countries for our own selfish reasons . 
  whether its to support `` stable '' dictatorships or foment revolution , it only ever makes things worth . 
   so the massacring of the tutsi 's is justified because i do n't live there ? 
  a genocide is n't the same thing as a revolution . 
  you should know that preventing genocide is the rationale that nato used to intervene in libya , by the way . 
   oh the french revolution the amazing demonstration why revolutions often suck . 
  it did n't end in a democratic republic , but it did lead to the spread of enlightenment and liberal values around the country and europe . 
  it was a marked improvement over the absolute monarchy that existed before , and to illustrate the contrast you can compare the german states in the confederation of the rhine to absolutist prussia , with the former being far better places to be if you were n't part of the aristocracy . 
  it was also more instrumental than the us revolution in spreading republicanism and triggering the decline of absolute monarchy . 
  it was n't all sunshine and roses for france in the short term , but france and the entire planet is better off today for it . 
   ensuring that his regime would not continue . 
  rebels with kalashnikovs < well funded and armed government every time . 
  yes , and that 's beside the point . 
  gaddafi was n't good at his job . 
  he and his regime failed to keep order and libya degenerated into civil war . 
  your point was that gaddafi was `` good at his job '' but the course of events proves the exact opposite . 
  whether or not nato intervention made the situation worse is another discussion . 
   implying that a dictatorship can stay stable forever ? 
  people who circlejerk about how `` good '' gaddafi and assad was/is seem to imply as much very often . 
   one of the reasons the u.s supported hussein 's iraq was because , until 1991 , it was relatively peaceful in the region and stabilized it . 
  i 'm not cool with that either , or supporting the absolute monarchies in the gulf any more than simply buying their exports . 
   they do eventually go sour , but i 'd rather a dictatorship which can be accountable to another power than disparate warlords fighting and killing civilians for power . 
  the people who live in these countries seem to disagree which is why they took up arms in the first place . 
  who are we to tell them otherwise ? 
  if the populations in these countries preferred to live under a safe dictatorship than be free , these revolutions would n't exist in the first place . 
  i 'm not for actively trying to trigger rebellions , but i think people have a human right to try and overthrow an oppressive government , and we should n't impede them nor enable their oppressors . 
  but i will say : when the french revolution took a decade , the american took 18 years , the vietnamese struggled for almost 30 , etc. , that we 're giving up on some of these struggles around the world far too soon . 
  a lot of people have died in many revolutions , but for the ones that were successful , i think few would say it was n't worth it in the end . 
  of course the bags are searched . 
  there are people with assault rifles out there . 
  so you 're saying a regime should never be isolated or condemned , no matter how brutal it is , because they might need to put down a revolt of their own people demanding freedom ? 
  should we open trade with north korea ? 
  as someone who lives in a nation born from a revolution ( along with almost every other in this hemisphere ) i do n't really like the sound of that . 
  people decry intervention and imperialism as evil , but how is condemning large swathes of the planet to eternal dictatorship by giving them every tool available for crushing dissent , simply to keep a few of our citizens every decade from being killed by terrorists , any less evil ? 
  you can make a case that western intervention exacerbates the problem , for sure . 
  what i take issue with is the demonstrably false narrative that `` stable '' regimes like libya and syria should be supported because they keep stability when the entire reason that the civil wars came into being is because they failed . 
  they were failed states before the first laser guided bomb was released or the first crate of weapons was shipped by the west . 
  you 're putting the cart before the horse . 
  when nato intervened in libya it was to aid a rebellion against gaddafi that was already in existence . 
  people keep trumpeting this line with gaddafi and assad , that they were stable and `` kept the extremists in line '' ; the whole reason those countries are embroiled in civil war right now is because they * could n't * remain stable and massive uprisings occurred all on their own without any interference . 
  these `` stable '' regimes failed to keep order all on their own . 
  the syrian civil war exists * because of assad * and the things he did , likewise for gaddafi and libya . 
  the entire premise of this argument is false . 
  i wish people would remember back just a couple years ago and stop repeating this nonsense . 
  backing of the rebels was extremely half hearted until 2014 . 
  the syrian civil war might have been long over if russia would have not backed assad .
