  well , did n't expect government transparency to be a bit voting and more participation to be a topic in italy ;d no but seriously have you ever looked what they stand for ? 
  [ here ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;layout=2&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwiki.piratenpartei.de%2fparteiprogramm&amp;act=url ) is their overall political program and [ here ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.piratenpartei.de%2fpolitik%2fwahl-und-grundsatzprogramme%2f ) are some of the state porgramms , but those are n't even complete . 
  they also have a federal party convent coming up at the [ end of this month ] ( http://wiki.piratenpartei.de/bundesparteitag_2012.1 ) where they will make decisions on economic and financial issues . 
  and they are not even a single issue party anymore . 
  we got more environmental protection ? 
  so why are they worried then ... ? 
  strange that the bank still all choose to settle down there ... 
  we already have a tax on gas , which is much closer to this . 
  or do n't you think germany would sell more cars if we had us gas prices ? 
  overall i would n't even car about some car tax , would hit most countries in europe . 
  i think there is a youtube option to disable or enable them by default . 
  was this already posted or why all the downvotes ? 
   so why should it be less efficient to let them work ? 
  because other countries will use the technological advantage and you do n't . 
  and this wo n't work if you have to import . 
  you know you can work and the government can still pay for stuff ? 
  but just because you give people random work and make sure everyone got a job wo n't help you it this is effizient . 
   many people in east germany say they had a better life before ` unification ' . 
  of course you can have better life when the government pays for everything . 
  the problem is just there is a point when the government goes bankrupt . 
  and that 's the main reason the wall fell . 
  but the nuclear power plants are run by the government . 
  because they do n't pay for the research and just buy the technology from countries like france . 
  if you cut nuclear subsidies there is no problem for it . 
  many people just fail to see how their government subsidies nuclear all the time . 
  i agree on that , the few which were still safe should be continued longer . 
  the ones that were shut down were those which were n't up-to-date as far as i know . 
  this is n't about how much renewable or nuclear costs . 
  it 's about how much i pay on my bill , no matter where the energy came from . 
   those are international , not us numbers . 
  even worse ... 
  i do n't wo n't to have a nuclear power plant with eastern european standards anywhere near me ( although i kinda have ) smartgrids should be implemented no matter what we do , because it will let us use energy much more efficient . 
  someone really likes to downvote you ;p but just because there already is radiation in ground water we do n't have to raise the levels . 
  basically there is radiation everywhere just but the amounts are insignificantly small . 
  already answered this above : `` at present there are no integral fast reactors in commercial operation . '', 
  we can talk when this has actually been built and is working , but it just happens all too often that in the end it does n't work out the way people thought it would , like you run into problems when you do it on a lager scale . 
  you just have to look at the new nuclear power plants in france and finland which are getting more and more expensive and are delayed . 
   it 's dangerous , but so is a lot of stuff . 
  but not a lot of stuff in dangerous for such a long term . 
  also i would ' t call radiation in groundwater * fairly modest *, 
  us numbers do n't help me that much in germany and the us does n't even take care of the waste at all . 
  in addition they have n't been building nuclear power plants for a long time , but in that time renewable energies emerged which got a lot of subsidies . 
  the question is how those nuclear subsidies will look when all the old plants run out and they need a lot of new ones . 
  overall i think this his hard to measure and greenpeace ( i do n't know how reliable they are though ) came up with about 300 billions in subsidies that germany has payer for nuclear power overall . 
   at present there are no integral fast reactors in commercial operation . 
  kinda strange when this is supposed to be such a great solution . 
   any idea why this is ? 
  the main reason probably is that there are [ 4 big energy companies ] ( http://www.uweb21.de/presse/m2010/bilder/energieversorger-deutschland2010.gif ) in germany which operate all nuclear and many other big plants and they do n't have a significant competition so they are just all happy with having high prices , especially as they all operate in different areas . 
   are the french wasting a lot of money on subsidies ? 
  the french energy is government owned or at least most ( all ? ), 
  of the nuclear plants . 
  makes it a bit hard to distinguish where the money goes i guess , but i have never looked close into that . 
   i do n't think we subsidize nuclear i did n't find much , but it looks like the state will take care of the nuclear waste or at least pay for it which certainly is n't cheap . 
   wow , try to have an intelligent discussion , reap downvotes . 
  awesome . 
  was n't me : /  nuclear waste storage is safe . 
  it 's not pretty , it takes effort and space , but it 's safe . 
  how can you say something is safe that is dangerous for such a long time ? 
  nobody has any knowledge about that . 
  i 'm not saying it might not be possible , but the population does n't seem happy with the current solutions and that 's not just the people in those regions . 
   co2 i understand that co2 is an issue , but i also think that germans at the moment also look at other countries which are doing much much worse when it comes to co2 and as long as those countries do n't take serious measures it is a futile mission here . 
  also the goal is to use this for a transition phase to green energy , the question is just how long it will take , but the problem is also that as long as you keep going with nuclear this phase will take forever . 
   e.g. 
  pollution . 
  nuclear waste ? 
  we still have n't figured that out after half a century now . 
  also filter system for fossil fuel power plants have improved a lot . 
  one of the main reasons was n't just safety , but also costs . 
  it is just a myth that nuclear offers you cheaper energy , because nobody looks how many billion euros of subsidies it receives . 
  and especially in germany a country with one of the highest energy prices in the world people just did n't buy this `` cheap nuclear energy '' anymore . 
  * the most dangerous part of your flight is the drive to the airport *, 
  but not all tax evasion is corruption . 
  i doubt that , but i assume that there is n't much corruption in germany and compared to other countries they are certainly right . 
   blocked by an agreement between copyright holder and service provider . 
  there is not even an agreement . 
  youtube blocks it , because they do n't want to pay gema the high amount of money they demand . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  and i do n't know why youtube is mentioned in the title . 
  because the court ruled :  the owner of an online social network can not be obliged to install a general filtering system , covering all its users , in order to prevent the unlawful use of musical and audio-visual work and youtube is n't really a social network ( yes you can argue here ) , because the videos are public , so checking them would not really harm your privacy and i think that is the main point of the ruling . 
   downgrading has yet to be proven a mistake . 
  what ? 
  the rating companies upgraded them within a few hours after they made the downgrade . 
   one failure or success is n't enough to judge the whole thing well , that your opinion . 
  the little mistake of downgrading france destroyed billion of euros within a few hours . 
  there are just certain positions where so much is at stake where you are n't allowed to make such mistakes . 
  1-2 % inflation is not going to save it . 
  it will just be an endless spiral of printing more and more money like in the us . 
   competent critical analysis by educated and qualified individuals to influence our markets like those aaa + rated mortgages in the us ... 
   ah , so you think we should `` take one for the team '' ? 
  you first . 
  if you come up with any plan to prevent a financial crisis just go ahead  and it is n't any of the other countries fault   ~ ~ no ~ ~ yes , that 's the result of 30 years of government policy here ftfy  the eu is a club run by the french and the germans , and if you want to stay in it , you have to bend the knee to them . 
  right . 
  germany and france are forcing 24 other countries to do exactly what they want , because politicians do n't care about their own countries interests and especially their own voters at all . 
  maybe when you are alone against everybody you should rethink your position ... 
   regulation that disproportionately hurts one state and disproportionately benefits others should be avoided entirely . 
  which will never work in a union with 27 members . 
  there will always be one country that will take a lager hit . 
  and it is n't any of the other countries fault that london relies that much on the financial industry . 
  the other countries want to regulate it and if you against the eu all the time just feel free to leave . 
   the us unemployment rate is c. 8.6 % .
