  do you take the nuclear waste ? 
  just have harsh punishments for the parents in place . 
  after all it is very easy to figure out that it happened when the child visits a doctor later . 
  yeah that would in no way link you vote to your id ... 
  remember when it happened in russia ? 
  we got all kinds of videos with ballots being placed there before the elections or pens not working . 
  on the other hand nobody has any idea if anything was done to voting machines in the us . 
   i just wanted to remind people they can choose not to be part of this `` european hustle '' . 
  which you do n't do by abstaining an eu vote . 
  if that 's your goal then you have to vote for a anti-eu party in your countries election . 
  how many of their members are actually in a position to leak it ? 
  in the eu parliament they have one ( swedish ) politician . 
  the eu countries combined still spend more money on their military than russia . 
  why does everybody want the eu ? 
  it 's not like other eu countries do n't have a military ... 
  i think it 's not that much about not needing majorities , but that the elected parties or just one of their members who made it has to work together with parties from other countries anyway . 
  for example some countries only have 6 members in parliament , so even if you get more than 10 % in the election you might just get one member , so it makes not sense to limit germany ( which gets 99 ) at some % to prevent this split up when its already happening all the time . 
  nope . 
  generates a new url . 
  why should we ( eu ) give you access to the eu market when you limit the access of our citizens to your country ? 
  you export half of your goods into the eu , the eu on the other hand just exports a tiny % to switzerland . 
  yes , nobody wants that , but those are the eu rules why should we break them for you when its not a big loss for us ? 
  it will only fuel anti eu parties and then parties like the afd in germany will demand the same . 
  what is merkel supposed to tell them then ? 
   i 'm not entirely convinced that a reddit competitor is possible at all . 
  pages like hacker news or slashdot manage to get an audiance . 
  if you want to compete with reddit then offer something specific where it is better not adviceanimals 2.0 for example focus on european politics . 
  what reddit lacks are default subs with quality content . 
  that 's why is started to contibute to openstreetmap recently . 
  ca n't wait for google to lose their online map monopoly . 
  and mapping is actually kinda fun . 
  well ... at least i 'm living in germany . 
  it ca n't get any worse here . 
  probably have the worst deals in the eu . 
  i still dis-encourages everybody in germany to even have a discussion about it . 
   it 's also nice not having dick cheese . 
  always a good idea as a circumcised guy with no experience to tell all those uncut guys on this sub how bad their nonexisting * dick cheese * is . 
  if it 's that easy then why are religious leader complaining ? 
  it seems more like those halal food authorities are simply trying to find some kind of loophole in their religion , because they know people wo n't stop eating meat . 
  i mean i 'm perfectly fine with that in the end . 
  was n't denmark at least discussing that recently ? 
  i think sooner or later it will be banned in european countries and i do n't see why denmark would n't be one of the first to do it . 
  i actually hope one of those countries north of us just steps up and finally does it and we can have a debate here in germany without some holocaust comparisons . 
   all slaughter that is not preceded by stunning will be forbidden in denmark , ** rendering it impossible for ritual slaughter to be carried out according to shar ' ia or halacha **, 
  you know that you can change the language on sky ? 
  not on all channels though and not always on the online streaming , which is what i actually hate even more . 
  oh mh they got some cool movie there . 
  only in german ? 
  let 's head over to movie4k.to /, 
  if they show it one week after it airs in the us then it 's probably always the english version . 
  and sky.go usually has it online 12-24h after it airs in the us ( which in my opinion is still too late ) . 
  the reason people pirate is simply because most people are not willing to pay as much as people in the us for entertainment , where $ 50-100 seems like normal . 
  even though soccer is really big in germany very few people were and are willing to pay for sky . 
  or just think of school meals . 
  what i 've seen here on reddit i do n't think many european schools would get away with serving that . 
   s long as it keeps harming the actual people at the expense of a nebulous `` economy '' this `` economy '' with it 's high tech industries , banking etc. 
  is what is making switzerland a rich country and providing people with jobs . 
  the fact that all the swiss people want to keep these other agreements illustrates that perfectly , because they exactly know where the money is coming from . 
  i agree . 
  the commercials just make it unwatchable for me except for a few games a year . 
  for whom ? 
  did you just rank you own username ? 
  and they fucking defend that shit http://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/1wx7ha/scumbag_european_redditors/, 
  youtube is a private company . 
  the can block whatever the fuck they want . 
  and they are generous blocking this stuff , because if they do n't then the gema will sue them . 
  except for the pirate party no party really seems to care about this . 
  so yeah it not really in sight . 
   but obviously google is also not the white knight . 
  they do the blocking and blame gema on it youtube provides a service and says we pay you 123 $ for it . 
  i do n't see how they are to blame for the gema wanting a different deal that everybody else . 
  the smaller german sites probably are better when it comes to generating revenue . 
  they also often partner with german tv channels or are even owned by them so they are looking at the bigger picture there . 
  look at clipfish.de the first things you see is videos for tv shows . 
  those are basically ads , but because they are n't presented as such they ca n't be blocked , which is an advantage compared to youtube and adblock useres . 
  wtf is up with the downvotes oo, 
  i used so many unblockers once that they all stopped working ... 
  [ well , i really doubt this ever aired anywhere ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krhb_an8ft4 ), 
  this reporter alone has ...  ... met and interviewed every american president since ronald reagan as well as the most influential members of the george w. bush administration , including president bush himself as well as secretaries condoleezza rice , donald rumsfeld and colin powell . 
   to secure future profits . 
  they are a public funded tv station . 
  they do n't really care that much about profits . 
   this guy is not as depended on future access as us journalists are you realize this will not only be on him but the whole tv station ? 
  german public tv station ... right they do n't need access to the leaders of one of the biggest allied countries . 
   great reputation in his home market he already has that . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/claus_kleber#ehrungen_und_auszeichnungen  actually this kind of attitude is probably one of the very reasons why he was considered for the interview in the first place . 
  well , exactly ...  ... met and interviewed every american president since ronald reagan as well as the most influential members of the george w. bush administration , including president bush himself as well as secretaries condoleezza rice , [ 1 ] donald rumsfeld and colin powell . 
  do you think he would have gotten this interview today if he would have ranted about war crimes in those interviews ? 
  or because if you do that you will never again get such an interview and he said he was hoping to maybe get another one in the future . 
  after all he has already gotten some with the previous 2-3 presidents . 
  time limit was 10min . 
  he said himself later that he maybe `` overstated his welcome '' a bit . 
  but it was really really uncommon . 
  [ most of the time coins were used ] ( http://www.muenzen.eu/system/html/5-dm-muenze-j415-e49ac4d5.jpg ), 
  they did the same in germany even though the value of the lowest paper note stayed pretty much the same . 
   money is supposedly europe 's dirtiest i always thought the swiss were experts at laundering money . 
  oh / u/libertatea at least got the / r/europe submission . 
  you mad on / u/maxwellhill for getting / r/worldnews and / r/technology ? 
  really missing out on the karma there . 
  usually contacting members from other countries does not help much as you do n't vote for them .
