   the euro unemployment rate is c. 10.25 % . 
  http://www.csmonitor.com/business/the-entrepreneurial-mind/2011/1109/the-real-unemployment-rate-and-europe-s-underground-economy although i do n't think the euro unemployment rate is lower than those 10.25 % the us rate at 16 % is a really problem for them , especially all the youth unemployment with high college debts . 
   they pay for a lot and ** take little back ** just the local tax revenue from the financial sector ... lol ... 
  no they see it as a danger for the economy , because it is just a matter of time until the next financial crisis is going to hit us and they want to prevent this . 
  and whatever they do to limit this risk will hurt london more , so there is no 2nd option . 
   the lack of regulation allows us to compete with places like ... new york . 
  and where has this brought us into over the last years ? 
  we are still fighting the financial crisis and the us is still in a very bad shape . 
   i think it is naive to assume that france and germany will not attempt to pass though legislation that will benefit their own financial capitals at the expense of london no it wo n't benefit their own financial sectors , but it will hurt london much more , because their sector is much larger . 
  why should a regulation that applies to everybody benefit someone more ? 
   how can you say that when the euro is on the point of implosion but the dollar and pound are n't ? 
  have you payed so attention to the stuff that 's going on in the us ? 
  they still have gigantic problems in the housing market , high unemployment and giving banks trillions in bailouts . 
  and the us is just printing money and creating a new bubble . 
  if the us would do any better the dollar would be much stronger then the euro with the current crisis in europa , but it is n't . 
   ( english does n't even have a fucking word for it ! ), 
  data privacy and germany has just made it experiences with the stasi in the past what happens if one institution/company has all your information . 
  i think germany is going the right way ( even if some politicians & people sometimes overdo ) , but that is still a lot better then for example america where they just pass the patriot act . 
   be it ` violent ' video games they are n't really banned . 
  just not allowed to buy if you are under 18 and therefore the store has to keep them under the counter , but you can still buy them if you ask for it and are over 18 . 
   youtube music videos they are n't banned because some government or public restriction , they are just banned because the gema ( rights distribution company ) is to greedy and want to much money ... nobody in germany likes this, 
  i just think it is sad to say `` great liberalism did n't make it '' , but on the other hand a far-right party makes it into the government . 
  also the fdp prevented laws that would have limited your privacy , this just never gets big attention . 
  yeah that retarded party that fights for you private rights ... but hey at least the npd got 6 % ... 
  do you really think the public cares about something like taking advantage over the allies ? 
  i think it is kinda the same as the free speech think in the usa , where we germans can not understand why it should be allowed to spread things like public hate and so on . 
  not i 'm not saying this will happen , i said that was the deliberation when the constitution was made . 
  and at the moment there is no chance the german public would ever agree on chancing this . 
   so you say . 
  i disagree with that premise , and any conclusions that derive from it . 
  defense is more than just defending national borders . 
  and if you go on like this you can interpret this whatever you want and go to war again invading other countries . 
  yes i know that possibility is zero at the moment , but there is a fucking reason why this is so clear in the german constitution ... 
  berlin is a very special problem . 
  the immigration there went completely wrong and now they have a lot of uneducated people who do n't even speak proper german although there live here for a long time or are even born here . 
  and overall the economy in east is often worse then in west . 
  actually i 'm not . 
  the government in baden w\u00fcrttenberg fucked up pretty hard , especially the minister mappus . 
  stuttgart 21 was a pretty huge fail and on the on hand there was already a nuclear discussion about the local power plant neckarwestheim . 
  [ close ] ( https://youtu.be/ysaqtdc-y2g?t=56s ), 
  even just inside the companies themselves ...  at bmw plant hams hall ( uk ) we manufacture small , low emission , highly efficient engines and machine three of the major engine components - cylinder block , cylinder head , and crankshaft . 
   as part of a large investment programme , brand-new facilities have been installed at the plant to enable the production of future generation engines , including engines for the new bmw i8 hybrid plug-in sports car . 
   http://www.bmw-plant-hamshall.com/ i8 is for example build in germany . 
  well , i 'm not a big fan of having every purchase i ever do electronically tracked somewhere . 
  funny nobody on this sub seems to have an issue when we try to do something against google or facebook collection data . . 
  if you drive 130 ... 
  guy is a mod on / r/teslamotors, 
  because providing heat the one person will still run it thought all the pipes and that 's a lot of wasted energy . 
  in cold months this is n't that big of a deal , because you heat the whole building where evryone benefits from and more people use heating . 
  it was n't in the beginning i think . 
  and i 'm not even sure if that makes a difference . 
  not everything in the eula is legal thought , especially when they put it there after your b ~ ~ r ~ ~ ought it . 
  maybe fair , but does n't make sense . 
  when you have thousands of patents youself you are not going to expose yourself to tesla like that for a few patents . 
  and a lot of the battery stuff is coming from panasonic anyway and they will happily just sell you some . 
  yeah , but why would anyone use those patents with those conditions ? 
  let 's say you are bmw and then later think tesla is infringing on one for you patents you ca n't do anything against that because then you lose the right to use their battery patent , which you at that point might be putting into production cars . 
  i have to find it on their website again , but basically it boiled down to not being able to sue tesla for any kind of patent infringement anymore if you use their patents . 
   hence why he made his patents opensource . 
  yeah , except nobody read the small print . 
  i was all marketing and all the fanboys fell for it . 
  it was mostly that they went full left wing and suddenly it seemed like basic income and refugees were more important than the digital stuff . 
  a lot of people also voted for the afd to send a message to the other parties and many voted who did n't vote the last election . 
  my guess is mostly due to the recent immigration . 
  and at the end of the day they are still a far right party . 
  yeah , but once you remove the percentages of the parties below 5 % and then look at the actual seats it 's a clear majority . 
  yeah , because they all voted afd . 
  not really an improvement ... 
  sorry for hijacking the top comment . 
  but the government put out a statement that denies the claims made by the media . 
   '' ** there is no distancing from the resolution of the german bundestag for the armenian genocide in the ottoman empire . 
  ** after the resolution was and is right . 
  as general secretary of the cdu , as a member of parliament , as well as a historian i stand fully behind it . 
  the currently circulating message from spiegel online is false matter . 
  turkey is an important partner on many issues , but just as a partner has to endure is it that you discuss such issues openly what we did with our resolution in the bundestag '' ... http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/armenien-resolution-109.html, 
  i mean you just have to check that companies website : https://www.memodo.de/speicher/, 
  i love how they even made infographic especially the clouds . 
  no politicians were fast to make an exception because you ca n't upset those jews ... 
  male circumcision is perfectly legal . 
   you simply can not compare an act of violence of one person against another in some other countries that 's perfectly normal . 
  look at saudi arabia and all the shit going on with the workers building the world cup stadiums . 
  the only reason it 's not normal to you is because you have grown up in a western country in a time where it was and is not normal . 
   of course honor killings and mutilating are not legal mutilating a boys genitals is perfectly legal . 
  no it 's not . 
  we are telling people what 's good and what is n't all the time . 
  that 's how western civilized society has evolved . 
  just because something seems normal to you today does not meat in for normal a century ago . 
  maybe in 50 years not wearing a burka is seen as obvious as not beating your wife is today . 
  all they have to do is ban covering up your face . 
  religion is n't some kind get out of jail free card . 
  we do n't allow honour killings , having multiple wives , stoning people , mutilating baby genitals ( ok boys are fine ) and so on . 
   that we can tell others what is good for them and what is not . 
  yeah , how dare we telling people that beating your wife is bad . 
  sometimes she just needs a little spanking , right ? 
  no , because you ca n't just ban something religious . 
  they are probably not going to ban the burka but rather expand the law that you ca n't hide you face . 
  just install a windmill it will blow it all away . 
  why give that asshole any attention ? 
   the change needs to be in how prop guns work in general . 
  that seems like a good starting point then does n't it ?
