  because otherwise everyone complains about a dead kid on the beach . 
  yeah , but it wo n't create any great jobs if all people buy is what they need for a basic living . 
  also germany lacks skilled labour , not cheap labour ( especially with minimum wage that 's limited anyway ) . 
  germany ca n't compete with china etc. 
  there anyway . 
   i prefer being an idealist over being a realist . 
  well , the economy does n't run on that . 
  neither are most people idealists . 
   if it makes you happy to think everything is shit anyways and that it is n't even worth it to try , go ahead . 
  or you know i focus on my life and making the best out of it . 
  sure we should n't ignore the issues in other countries , but we are not going to save the whole world either . 
  you live in a fantasy world . 
  and even if we ignore the whole thing that people are a lot more selfish than you , what you suggest would still end in and economic nightmare . 
  if people do n't buy the new car this means that the worker at bmw will lose his job . 
  that means you now have to pay welfare for him , too . 
  not to mention he will spend less in the local economy . 
  if you do n't buy your nice camera that means the last camera store will die out . 
  germany produces high quality products and the country runs on people actually buying that stuff . 
  that millionaire who buys the new i8 is supporting a lot of jobs . 
  no i do n't want people just to come to my country , because we have a better welfare system , because that 's not going to work out in the end ... 
  if someone comes here because they are escaping death that 's one thing , but not just because they just want a better life . 
  that 's not sustainable . 
  everybody wants that , but it is simply impossible to provide it . 
  well , it 's not like it 's an official ad . 
  i also think it 's based on [ this one ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/5f/11/5a/5f115a65adbe0696444cf8cdda7bbe8a.jpg ), 
  am i being detained ? 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  i mean i did n't check / r/europe that much in the last days , but on / r/technology literally 2/3 of the frontpage were about comcast . 
  that does n't work . 
  / r/technology tried it and it does n't do anything . 
  those filtern do n't work on / r/all and your frontpage . 
  and 90 % of people wo n't use them . 
  so sure you can get that stuff removed , but then you are stuck with submission with have zero comments . 
   vote system allows subreddits to have the posts which are most relevant up in top yeah , and it 's the reason i unsubbed from / r/technology because i do n't give a fucking shit about comcast . 
  some stats : http://www.kirchenaustritt.de/statistik, 
  well , it 's not like she was n't a big part of that . 
  especially with the whole basic income thing ... 
   what , the british would ? 
  where did you get 18 year old ? 
  you might see a person there that is nude , but not any detail . 
  you probably could even see who it is , probably not even the gender . 
   find allot of high quality aerial images of german public space . 
  like this one for but is this really done covering a huge area . 
  if it 's just individual shots then i 'd imagine someone takes a look at those . 
  and honestly even there it becomes hard to identify anyone or really see any details of the body . 
  which social media site is not monetized ? 
  it could have worked , but google gave up with all the resistance . 
  i guess http://www.mapillary.com/ will soon be pretty popular . 
  what ? 
  pretty much everything that is published for the public does not have the resolution so you could actually see much of someone naked sunbathing in their garden . 
  you might see that someone is lying there , but not much more . 
  the real high resolution is usually just military use . 
  [ what are you going to do about it ?!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqtz_c3cyhe ), 
  i do n't get how politicians actually thought that was a good idea . 
  i mean they are n't even making money with it . 
   art , cinema , philology , philosophy , history are everything . 
  the only thing i do is go to the a cinema if at all and then i watch some hollywood movie . 
   wrongs and bias of the current economic system the reality is simple that everybody wants a nice new car and is willing to spend money on it , while a lot of people do n't care about arts and many are not willing to spend a lot of money on it apart from a small minority . 
   becoming a baker does not seem that bad if you are n't able to go to study anything . 
  even with all the automation there is still demand for good baking goods . 
  have you seen the context of that quote ? 
  even if she was for it , should she just say `` i do n't have a problem with it , but my party is against it . '' ? 
  sure she said it and she gets the criticism for it , but honestly it could just as much be that the party has figured out that stance results in important votes so they stick to it . 
   just because you drive for money does n't change how driving works just because you cook for money does n't change how cooking works . 
   nothing the myriad taxi regulations do is about protecting the public . 
  medical checks for drivers ? 
  more frequent vehicle inspections ? 
  some basic local knowledge e.g. 
  tourist attractions ? 
  some basic training for passenger transport ? 
  and the only alternative is some libertarian wet dream ? 
  do you know his car is safe ? 
  that he had no medical issues in the past ? 
  does he has any training in transporting passengers ? 
  what else do they offer ? 
  ride sharing ? 
  already have dozen of apps for that at least in germany, 
   why not lobby your government to allow them to get licensed ? 
  because uber does n't want that . 
  i think it 's hilarious how europeans always say they have better regulations than the us . 
  americans wish they had stuff like healthcare and public education . 
  and then comes uber and everyone praises them for basically breaking every law and giving a shit about their employees . 
   taxi driver is a dying job . 
  you really rather prefer random people driving after they just got home from work ? 
  everything organized by some company in the us ? 
  i 'd rather have it as part of local public transport and change some of the regulations . 
  he 's black , not fat . 
  yeah , usually i do n't say anything and just get the change back . 
  also `` pass so '' basically means you do n't want the change back . 
  although that 's usually used in restaurants to indicate that what you pay more it the tip . 
  well , i could easily see myself to bring some tv series and watch it in the car instead of when i get home when i can save some money . 
  sure for people who payd 100k for a car that might not be worth it , but with a cheaper model 3 i see a lot more people considering that . 
  why does it matter what gas would have cost ? 
  you are still saving money . 
  well , in germany electricity costs more than 2x as much , so suddenly you would be saving more than $ 10 . 
  yeah , while conduction surveillance ** in afghanistan ** and clinton happened to be there . 
  that 's a pretty big difference than if they had gotten that call while both were in the us . 
   because do n't buy them if you do n't want them . 
  it 's not always that easy .
