  that makes not economic sense and is n't sustainable . 
   so he will not be able to evade them as you are suggesting . 
  do n't activate the app . 
  save 20 % + taxes, 
   why have allegiance to one driver that could take an hour to get to you when someone is 6 minutes away ? 
  because `` could '' . 
  if you can save money why not give it a shot . 
  there are also other apps that can show locations and uber drivers might start using those in addition so you can see where they are . 
  because it says so on the website . 
  http://blog.uber.com/uberxridesharinginsurance their insurance when the personal insurance declines the claim is a joke . 
  in germany my private ones covers up to 7500000 . 
  so by driving for uber i 'm insured for 7400000 less in the worst case . 
   who said cabs are going anywhere . 
  that 's how the fucking free market woks . 
  you say uber is better , so why would people use cabs ? 
   no city that has uber has lost its cabs specifically for this reason . 
  not yet , but that 's going to happen . 
  why become a cab driver when you can sign up for uber without out all the regulation ? 
   uber is mostly used by younger people . 
  and that 's customers cab companies lose and it will hurt their bottom line . 
  especially the weekend nights where they can make the most is also where they are going to lose a lot of business . 
   once they get there , you will typically find nicer , newer , and cleaner cars than taxis . 
  really ? 
  a lot of the cabs in germany are nice mercedes . 
  how do you beat that . 
   when your ride is over , you say thank you , and get out of the car , no need to pay sounds awesome for all the older people once the inferior cabs are gone . 
   they have been far better than any taxis i have used , including german ones . 
  yeah , well you say that , but i really do n't see how you can make the cabrides i got much better . 
   taxes are withheld before the driver is even payed . 
   uber corporate takes care of the taxes . 
  no they do n't . 
  uber drivers have to file their own taxes . 
   all transactions are electronic so there is no question how much the driver earned . 
  unless he does n't use the app . 
  i mean it 's not like someone can check him and fine him for not having the app on , it 's not taxi meter . 
  maybe in the us , but certainly not in westen european countries . 
  required insurance is often much higher . 
  my priveta one in germany covers more than uber . 
  yeah , well water guns do n't have some kind of friendly fire modus . 
  this was n't about peaceful or not . 
  the protesters were occupying land where the construction was supposed to start . 
  they got dozens of warning that they should leave . 
  even when the police turned on the water guns the crowed still stood there . 
  that 's the point where you turn around and leave . 
  if you stay then it 's your own god damn fault . 
   and we 're talking about actual 12-year-olds here , not rioting teenagers . 
  well , why the fuck would you bring those kids to a fucking protest and even stick around when you see water guns ? 
  sorry , but that 's only the parents fault for going there with their kids . 
   how does moving to electronic payments for all transactions encourage tax evasion ? 
  because you are not forced to use the uber app . 
  nobody can pull you over and say hey your taxi meter is not running . 
  also i could see regulations that require uber to actually take cash , if it starts to replace cabs . 
   they also offer their drivers insurance for transporting people . 
  it is not the traditional car insurance that is supposed to cover drivers . 
  yes , but only when transporting people . 
  when they have more passenger , but are bascially stilloperating as commercial driver the private insurance does not cover it . 
  uber does not provide or demand a insurance for example when the driver gets to a pick up . 
  that 's pretty much what i get with every cab here . 
  so everything is just 5 star ? 
  so if i want to rate the driver who maybe gave me a even better experiance , like a nice conversation or local info i can only do that by giving the others a lower rating than 5 . 
   legally , uber has no responsibility to report these peoples ' taxes , as it is not employing them . 
  that does n't change the simply fact , that such a system encourages and supports tax evasion more than traditional cabs . 
  `` this uber does not ... '' is just bullshit talk . 
  i care if uber is not required to make sure drivers are covered by insurance all the time , the only thing i care about is that they encourage drivers not to have the right insurance and if i get hit by such a driver he is n't covered . 
  at that point i do n't give a fuck about the why . 
  with a traditional cab that would not have happened , with uber it can . 
   , they seem to learn quickly it 's in their interest to provide excellent service to maintain their reputation and i get all the benefits of better prices ( esp . 
  for more than 2 guests ) , better location , reliable internet connection , a fully tooled kitchen etc. 
  see you already list dozen of things that you can use to rate . 
  but what are you going to rate in a cab drive ? 
  getting you from a to b without any issues always a 5 ? 
  or is that just a average service and a 3 ? 
  uber encourages you to rate right away while a restaurant does n't . 
  right now uber drivers are fucked if the dropp to 4 , but for me for this is stil a good rating . 
  when should i give a driver a 4 , when a 5 ? 
  what are you going to do if drunk me just says `` here 1 star . 
  lol '' . 
  i 'm playing dota2 where you can rate player and just how the last game went will affect the way i rate . 
  lost game ? 
  uber . 
  bad day . 
   there are traditional taxis for people without a smartphone ** no there wo n't be ** . 
  if you allow uber to operate like they do now that is going to kill the taxi industry . 
  there is no reason to be a cab driver , when you can driver for uber . 
  why would i deal with all the regulations when i do n't get any real benefit in return ? 
   since it 's the same app everywhere in the world for now . 
  local markets are different and a local company could come up with a service that fits better and becomes more dominant . 
  germany already has very popular taxi apps , if this unrgulated driving becomes legal nothing stops them from implementing a payment system etc. 
   roaming charges + uber is still less expensive than using a shitty traditional taxi that will rip you off more likely than not . 
  yes , but not every country has shitty taxis . 
  also if you do n't care about roaming then just look up the route before on google maps . 
   wtf ? 
  this makes no sense , and is horribly inefficient . 
  i have the number of some taxi drivers saved and already do it , although he still uses the meter . 
  friends of mine do it , too . 
  the main citiy centre of my city is pretty small so from main the popular taxi waiting positions it would take the driver 3-5min to get to me . 
  if i 'm in a bar i could also just give a call and ask how it looks in the next 30min . 
  not to mention that there are other apps that can show the location and people could start using that . 
  also hotels etc. 
  could have their prefered drivers and even make deals with them , like fixed rates to the airport/trainstation/city centre .
