* [ shots fired ] ( http://dronewarsuk.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/predator-firing-missile4.jpg ) *, 
   parents have the wisdom teeth of their children removed , and those arguably have more use no they do n't . 
  they are actually mainly removed , because can cause damage . 
  i never see people directly hostile against them . 
  only if they try to justify that cirumcision itself is fine . 
  you realize they do n't want to flat out ban it , but only for infants for no medical reason ? 
   breast cancer is the development of cancer from breast tissue . 
  [ 1 ] signs of breast cancer may include a lump in the breast , a change in breast shape , dimpling of the skin , fluid coming from the nipple , or a red scaly patch of skin . 
  [ 2 ] in those with distant spread of the disease , there may be bone pain , swollen lymph nodes , shortness of breath , or yellow skin . 
  [ 3 ]  worldwide , breast cancer is the most common invasive cancer in women . 
  ( the most common form of cancer is non-invasive non-melanoma skin cancer ; non-invasive cancers are generally easily cured , cause very few deaths , and are routinely excluded from cancer statistics . ), 
  breast cancer comprises 22.9 % of invasive cancers in women [ 128 ] and 16 % of all female cancers . 
  [ 129 ] in 2012 , it comprised 25.2 % of cancers diagnosed in women , making it the most common female cancer see i can do that , too . 
   on a more serious note , i highly doubt that you have any scientific/medical background or even enough to talk about the benefits/negatives of circumcision . 
  but you have ? 
  or all the others in favor ? 
  if we all do n't have it should n't the default be no ? 
  so let 's talk about breast cancer . 
  there are world class hostpitals in 3rd world countries that flourish on medical tourism . 
  because those benefits are pretty insignificant % wise , there are better alternatives ( use a condom ) or the risk cancel each other out ( risk of getting an infection during cirumcision vs. uncirumcised ), 
  if you can watch 8h of nfl ever sunday you can go to a protest for 2h . 
  then being a chef should also be enough to run a restaurant . 
  all i find when i look for wundercar is that they were met with just as much resistance and ever took off exactly because of legal barriers . 
  the just never did n't get the attention a multi billion dollar company got . 
  i never even heard of them before uber . 
   food needs regulation because people can die or get sick by eating it . 
  good thing there are never any accidents when it comes to cars . 
  which german services flew under the radar ? 
  and buses had been fighting for years to be allowed to enter the long distance market . 
  in germany it 's commercial if they pay more than gas + wear & tear of that trip and the * mitfahrgelegenheiten * charge less than that . 
  honestly i can wait until uber gets bigger over the , continiues to cut prices and attracts worse drivers . 
  and then someone gets hit by a uninsured driver . 
  well , i guess he can then do it the american way and sue a immigrant who has no money for his $ 200k healthcare bill ... 
  it 's 7.5 million mimimum in germany for just you average driver . 
  most taxis have 50/100 million policies . 
  i suggest you head over to / r/uberdrivers and read the front page and some of the top posts over the last week/month . 
  considering unemployment is like 24 % i do n't see a reason we should regulate restaurants . 
  let just everybody sell stuff the make at home and sell in front of their home or out of their car . 
   pay up . 
  want you can do external abitur which is n't expensive . 
  the think is , it 's not easy to pass without attending any kind of school , but in theory it 's possible to get it for just some fees for the final exams . 
  except that knowledge creation says very little about the education you get . 
  your professor an be the brightest mid , but still shit at teaching ... what do i get out of that ? 
  i rather have a prof that has time for students , than one that is flying around the country to secure more reseach funding . 
  which is again a stat you ca n't compare 1:1 . 
  there are many fields where to get into them in the us you usually go to a college , while in germany you go to a trade school and already start working in that field at a very early point . 
  ice hockey ? 
  you know that on a ice there are wagons labeled for no phone calls ? 
  of course there is a sub for ateeism, 
   raid well , we did nothing else for centuries . 
  literally holocast 2.0, 
  well , mh i watched this far too long ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_ssxzkvpni, 
   i 'm not sure what kind of added safety measures are necessary for a taxi driver that a simple driver with license and a road safe car does not have . 
  taxis has to go to car inspections more often , because they drive more miles . 
  in addition there are also regular health checkups for drivers . 
  when did you have the last check for your eye to allow you to continue to drive ? 
  in germany you can pretty much keep your license forever and nobody would notice if you had lost half your eyeseight sience you got it . 
   in essence using uber is the same like splitting the gas bill with your friend when going on a trip . 
  do you go on trips with your friends driving 7 days a week 12h a day . 
  thought so . 
  this is also the reason private insurance usually will not cover you , so uber driver need a commercial insurance with they do n't have . 
   certain colors and markings for cars or you know in the past you did n't have some kind of smartphone so there was n't really any other way to see if it was a cab or not . 
  and even these days it 's still good for older people and tourists who might not have a good data plan . 
  and i have even ended up with a dead phone sometimes . 
  why good luck ? 
  it 's pretty easy to stop uber as a country if you want to . 
  well , it 's kinda true . 
  what makes beer fests great is a good band and a enthusiastic audiance . 
  and a lot of tents on the oktoberfest lack the 2nd or even both , while local beer fests often have a lot of people who know each other and have a lot of fun . 
  the problem is you have 12/13 year cycles so you are always ging to fuck over some kids . 
  in addition teachers have to spend a lot of time to adapt to it ( or you have problem with your scheduling , because there is not point of the teacher who goes into pernsion in 2 years to go to some training for the new stuff ) . 
  and then even when you get to university it does n't stop and there are different expectations everywhere and with different degrees from different states the application can be different . 
  but that does n't help them . 
  there is now suddently a party you can vote for that 's even less pro europe than the cdu/csu . 
  and people vote for them . 
  i mean as it turns out a lot of people simply voted for the coservatives , because well at least they are n't one of those left leaning parties . 
  you can see that this happening in germany these days , too . 
  it 's actually the only good thing about the afd in my optinion . 
  it forces the conservatives to show their true face , because suddenly they are losing votes if they try to cater to the center . 
   where are you getting this ? 
  the article says that uber insurs all of the rides * but if your insurer learns that you are driving for an app and you want to make money on that , they say this is a multiple risk and refuse to [ pay ] insurance on that . 
  *  what a sensationalist , panicky view . 
  but it 's the reality . 
  uber is n't on the hook for anything . 
  if anything happens the driver is fucked not uber . 
  so did your country . 
   sure you might save a euro or two considering uber takes 25 % and then there are taxes for the driver on top of that then you can save a lot more depending on the distance . 
   right , the app shows where drivers are ** there are also other apps ** . 
  apps that show locations are not something only uber has . 
  there are dozen of other apps out there just to see where your friends are . 
  maybe start fukcing reading and stop fapping to uber . 
   they will not be allowed to offer insurance that does not comply with german law . 
  exactly what 's happening : http://www.bbc.com/news/business-28788142  go lobby your elected officials . 
  do n't have to . 
  it already is illegal they way the operate and ignore every law . 
  you think taxi meters a matadory , because cab drivers like them so much ? 
   you very clearly dont . 
  no i do n't think it 's overall better , but if i can get the ride with uber cheaper why woud i use cabs ? 
  and you are wrong that cabs would be around to the same extent . 
  uber would take all the rides where you make most of the money in a short time and cabs are forced to stick with the rides that sucks .
