  regarding this work in europe ( and agree on one standard for all countries ), 
   do n't forget to pay with bitcoins so they ca n't track your money ca n't think of a single time i spend money online where it was n't somehow connected to my name . 
  i could give a wrong when when buying software maybe , but that 's pretty much it . 
  nothing . 
  my point was just that nobody would make an argument in that way for nuclear weapons . 
   no-spy arrangements oh right that 's why merkel wants one . 
  you guys do n't like reading past headlines do you ? 
   let 's not pretend that governments are n't all spying on eachother . 
  just that there is no prove that most european countries spy on other european countries or allied countries like the us . 
   well bnd obviously has the same capability as gchq and nsa damn we are really fucking efficient considering the discrepancies when it comes to the budgets of those agencies and the ones working around them . 
  and now please replace spy agency with nuclear weapons . 
   http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/01/gchq-europe-spy-agencies-mass-surveillance-snowden only talks about the capabilities . 
  it actually says nothing about what they do . 
   http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/germany-impedes-eu-privacy-efforts-despite-outrage-at-nsa-spying-a-930488.html stalling data protection laws \u2260 spying . 
  yes it sucks and i 'm angry at my government because of that and the hypocrisy , but it still does not prove anything about them spying . 
   http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;prev=_dd&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.spiegel.de%2fpolitik%2fausland%2fspaeh-enthuellungen-europaeische-geheimdienste-sollen-kooperiert-haben-a-931375.html is refering to your first link . 
  yes spy agencies work together . 
  still does n't say they all do the same thing . 
  9/11 was an inside job . 
  yeah everybody seems to completely misinterpret the article or just not read past the headline . 
  it bascially reveales nothing new . 
  nobody here in germany has a problem with the bnd exchanging data with the gchq to protect the troops in afghanistan . 
  having surveilance equipment installed on the roof of the ebmassy in washington and london ? 
   i doubt the us has your data . 
  they just build a datacenter in utha where they work with yotabite ^ 1000000000000000000000000bytes . 
  they hack into google , yahoo and who knows what other services and connections they tap into . 
  it would surprise me if they have no data about me . 
  then people should pick out france . 
  but there are dozens of countries in europe and saying everybody does it simply is n't the reality . 
  i do n't really understand what people read in that guardian article . 
  what i expected more or less ( to be honest less before snowden started to reveal stuff ) that government spy in their countries to a certain extent and on countries in the middle east etc. 
  ( for example afghanistan ) especially if that information passes trough that country . 
  then they share the relevant information between each other . 
  probably they were also exchanging technology and software . 
  and from reading [ the guardian article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/01/gchq-europe-spy-agencies-mass-surveillance-snowden ) i do n't see how it changes much ? 
  did you expect something different before ? 
  or could you point me to the part where it says they do more than i said above . 
  most of them like me probably simply disagree with this `` everybody spyies on everybody '' sentiment . 
  because so far i still feel that the main goal of our government is fighting terrorism even if they go too far or come up with some stupid laws regarding child pronography or copyright enforcement due to some lobbiests . 
  but if you target the chancellor of a country it 's pretty clear that was not your only intent and certainly not by accident . 
  but i have so far not seen any stories where the bnd directly targets the citizens of allies countries , yet alone their officials or use the ebmassedy in washington for that . 
   europeans ( esp germans ... 
  i guess that 's why [ this image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/008bzlg.jpg ) is the 24th most upvoted link on / r/de, 
  i do n't understand why everybody thinks this is news . 
  3 months ago those stories about germany sharing data with the nsa were all over the frontpage and were the reason people got upset about this in the first place ( at least in germany ), 
   germany exports poverty to the rest of the eurozone and until a system of wealth transfers is implemented to redress this issue , that wo n't change . 
  but that is complete political suicide if you suggest that as a party in germany . 
  right ... that 's the reason ... those are the fuckers that wanted a [ ancillary copyright for press publishers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ancillary_copyright_for_press_publishers ) and got it . 
  meaning google has to pay them for showing snippets of their articles in their search results . 
  so google was supposed to fucking pay those guys to direct traffic on their websites . 
  they are going to jump on every train to get people from using those websites . 
  some old guys who do n't understand the internet fighting a losing battle ... 
  i do n't know . 
  do n't you think they could need a bit more freedom ? 
  i do n't think working together in general is a problem , like for example sharing information about afganistan . 
  of couse it becomes a huge problem once it is used to circumvent the constitutions of each country aka we spy on your citizens and you on ours and then we share it . 
   i just find it a little silly to say you want the uk out of the eu based on a few peoples opinions here . 
  at least here in germany it is almost always th uk that comes up when there is resistance to certain bills . 
  it just seems to be the country that 's the least commited towards the eu and not willing to give up sovereignity . 
  at least from the big ones which of course have more power in the eu . 
  i hav n't heard any big stories about germany spying on other countries in europe . 
  neither citizens nor government officials . 
  that they spy on germans more than i want them to do suckts , but that 's mostly something german citizens and the government have to figure out , but it is nowhere near such a huge trust issue like spying on other allies nations . 
  on euopean leaders ? 
   my thoughts and expectations do not represent those of everyone in the uk . 
  no , but it seems to be a view many of your countryman share . 
  you just have to look at the comments here . 
  eu , potential military advantage , head , table, 
  and again that 's why i hope people like you vote for the uk to leave europe . 
  if we have this view inside the eu we have no chance to agree on anything and stand up against the us . 
  and your country alone ? 
  have fun negotiating with the us a country that is 5x , 10x , ... times as powerfull as your country . 
  do you really think most swedish citizen would agree with their government if it was revleaed it spyies on merkel ? 
  i 'll belive that when we get a whistleblower that tells us germany spyies on us offcials . 
  i think they said they do n't protect against allies . 
   i 've no problem if they want to bug a leaders phone , or spy on other governments there is some benefit in that . 
  if you think that then please just leave the eu . 
  i honestly have no interest working together with coutries where people think it 's fine spying on your allies with whom you are working together and pose no threath to your nation . 
   but in what world has anything that has been published helped terrorists ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=norxpmjva1q tl ; dr newspaper published reason why embassies are closed down : terrorist know that their communications have been compromised . 
   i would 've guessed i was either a germany did you answer national pride with * no * ? 
  what happens if you lose the card ? 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/content/20131021sto22709/html/ep-to-vote-on-suspending-swift-deal-after-committee-vote-on-data-protection but yeah maybe should have written swift agreement , i just wanted to get that keyword in , because that is usually how this is called ... i had never heared of ( tftp ) before . 
   illegal weapons smuggling is ... illegal . 
  just that smuggeling in this case really just means driving accross the boarder and hope you do n't end up in a random police control . 
  you ca n't vote for them . 
  at least looking at the german ballots from 2009 all parties are listed as they exist in germany . 
  and then after the election they join the alliances or could make new ones . 
   nobody 's going to lose a job because car manufacturers have to be a little bit more responsible about what they make . 
  when the big cars of your top manufacturers do n't meet the demands , but the smaller japanse cars do , then you will lose jobs . 
  no it 's not . 
  i has been like this for a long time in germany . 
  but money simply is n't such a big factor in elections , which is why it 's not such a big issue . 
  do n't give op such a hard time . 
  ca n't look at everything when you submitt 100 articles a day . 
  but that 's only looking at healthcare and is for example ignoring the economic impact on their work effiziency . 
  the real difference is that it would be fucking unconstitutional and at least had a small chance to blow up in their face . 
   i 've never heard anyone complaining about it you can be pretty damn sure someone will complain the moment you start to drill into a wall on sunday . 
   also , do people really ca n't do any noisy housework on sundays ? 
  even during the day ?
