  let 's say certain standards on car safety are lowered then a lot of manufacturers would follow that and in certain price segments it would be impossible to find that level of safety . 
  another thing is that many regulations happen in the background and it would take a lot of effort for you to figure something out . 
  let 's say you do n't want chickens to be treated with a certain chemicals , how would you know that when you buy a frozen chicken pizza in the supermarket ? 
  there is a reason why have regulations . 
  if the customer would always act like you say he acts we would not need a single regulation . 
  * and our 12 points go to ... 
  except it is . 
  do you really think your other taxes never increased less due to germans paying all the time ? 
  do you really not think if you did n't have that you austrians would be paying a lot more than you pay for your vingette now ? 
  not even to mention that your system ( well , probably ours too ) heavily favours people who pay for a whole your compared to people who just go skying 1-3 times a year . 
  i might pay 15 $ for two sky trips , you pay 80 $ for 360 days . 
  so yeah do n't tell me how fair your system is . 
  you still have the countries on the east which are much cheaper . 
  and even countries like austria or france are usually a bit cheaper , so increasing taxes here would make that a lot more attractive . 
  because you do n't have to buy gas where you drive . 
  germany is n't that big you could easily drive across the country without getting any fuel there at all . 
  increasing fuel prices will just lead to more people getting their fuel in neighbour countries . 
  lol . 
  says the austrian , whose other taxes do n't increased as much in the past , because german tourist pay for their vingietty all the time . 
  honestly at this point i just hope we get the toll no matter if we pay more . 
  because for people like you it wo n't make not difference at all . 
  you will pay anyway . 
  you just hope germany wo n't go with it so you do n't have to pay, 
  well , i think this ongoing discussion is pretty annoying , no matter what the decision , but just make it and stick to it . 
  thanks obama !, 
  the fuck, 
  btw . 
  how much did speedtest.net pay ? 
  do n't have good stuff like in the past . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gl37zfo1po, 
  good day finland !, 
  i hope they put it somewhere on youtube . 
  so much material . 
  did the german commentator just say `` ein b\u00f6ller ? '', 
  why would he ? 
  not like she was fat ... 
  dom would have made some pushups before getting of the stage, 
  ok , now let 's see what our neighbours got . 
  * `` one last breath , then the dress will finally fall apart '' * german comentator is killing me ... 
  mocking poland, 
  probably more girls voting so i think this is actually the smarter move ... 
  [ lithuania 's whole performance ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hdzxczy.gif ), 
  * pink , stiff and no spirit * i think he took that personally, 
  is this like a bad thing to be labeled like that . 
  i just think it 's hilarious when someone in germany calls someone a communist . 
   op 's reasoning was different though . 
  did n't actually see the imgur text . 
  yeah , that does n't make much sense, 
  does anybody know more about this ? 
  how much tax do you own if you keep the business for 10 years ? 
  my parents do n't have a business and i would still have voted like op . 
  2 million is really nothing even for a small ( family ) business they can easily be worth more than that . 
  exactly , some people here do n't seem to relize how expensive some shit is ... http://werkzeug-neu.de/produkte/werkzeugmaschinen/fraesmaschinen-3_achs_fraesmaschinen.html, 
  sure , but a small business could also be worth 6million . 
  and could have been build up with small profits over decades . 
  suddenly you owe 1 million . 
  and then how do your kids get the money without paying tax ? 
  and op probably would n't have any issue if that law was designed that way . 
  it 's funny how you bitch on him when he just says he voted against this , because the proposed law sucks . 
  he never said he was against a law that would exclude a business . 
  edit : ok did n't see the imgur text , just read the comments . 
   but in that instance you 're still gaining 80 % of the value of something that you 've either not contributed to so you prefer the alternative where he simply ca n't afford the tax and it get sold to some big `` 1 % '' company . 
  when it 's no longer relevant to the discussion, 
  because u a fukcing americans who does n't value life, 
  but is n't that discriminatory ? 
  you do n't pay income tax in germany so you do n't get the reduction . 
  but when you travel trough germany and buy something you are affected by the higher tax, 
  so you do n't think a government in the eu should be allowed to reduce income tax and in exchange increase vat ? 
  do you know every tax frech people pay ? 
  the tax deduction is not on the road tax . 
  do you know that politicians when introducing it said we will do this instead of increasing tax xyz ? 
  how can you compare the bureaucracy needed to implement this with long term revenue ? 
  tell that to all the other european countries that have a road tax ... 
  is that actually a lot of non-commercial traffic ? 
  i mean the only reason as a german i would drive there is if i wanted to go on holidays or shopping in those countries . 
  which is why everybody pays the same ... 
  and where exactly is the problem now ? 
  not just conscription as it seems https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=denkmmb70b0, 
  google has beeing doing the same for even longer and nobody cares . 
   you mentioned the nissan leaf . 
  that car sells for about 30k dollars . 
  for that money you can buy an audi a3 or a camaro . 
  there 's not fucking reason to buy the leaf instead which is almost as good as an hyundai i20 but 3 times cheaper . 
  you 'd have to be really obsessed in order to buy one . 
  exactly the same could be said about a tesla . 
  when you look at the build quality and the interior you get much more value out of bmw 5 series or mercedes e-class and that 's when the price of the tesla is closer to the 7/s version of those cars . 
  the only reason the car sells good is because it 's build in california and too many people in silicon valley have too much money . 
  and in coutries like norway , netherlenads etc. 
  where there are big tax brakes and other ev initiatives . 
   and tesla 's endgame is what really makes reddit like them . 
  they are n't a luxury car manufacturer . 
  model x will cost about 35k dollars . 
  no the model 3 will . 
  and nobody knows what that car will be , for all we know it will be not so much different than the nissan leaf or one of it 's newer models . 
   creating the supercharger and making the patent free to use ( it charges you car in about an hour/half an hour ) still will have too see how that turn out long term ... http://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/30lyt1/amsterdam_supercharger_is_already_100_in_use/ also the main reason the parent is free is because they want people to build charging stations which their cars can use . 
   making a functional battery swap station which as far as i know still is n't in use . 
   partnering with bmw to create the electric smart ( again , showing they are not a luxury car manufacturer ) wut ? 
  you mean mercedes ? 
  well , maybe you could get the battery for that . 
  also 60 feels like 30 when you were driving 200 before : /, 
  might also be to prevent outsourcing .
