  could n't be that i googled `` german alternative wiki '' and just took the first link without thinking much about it , but hey just make a conspiracy theory out of it . 
  because you know unlike you 99.99 % of the people probably did n't know such a german alternative existed . 
  in addition if it would be pretty stupid to do so , when the wiki clearly says :  the group was banned in 1992 ... and the comment above is deleted , because i first answerd i got it wrong in google , but then checked and could n't figure out why and had to go shopping . 
  state . 
  it was because of the `` they do n't have a chance to making it in there . '', 
  officially they wanted to have them apart as much as possible , so the state issues would get more attention . 
  but another reasons is probably that the voter turnout for the general election is higher than the state election and the people who do n't vote in the state election tend to be left leaning . 
  does n't look like it . 
  i mean just donuts alone are n't bavarian . 
   [ bavarian cream ] though it does not pipe smoothly because of its gelatin , it could substitute at a pinch for pastry cream as a filling for doughnuts . 
  the american `` bavarian cream doughnuts '' are actually filled with a version of a cr\u00e8me p\u00e2tissi\u00e8re ( pastry cream ) , causing local linguistic confusion . 
  just one small mistake : you ca n't vote for the anti-europe party [ ( afd - alterntive f\u00fcr deutschland ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alternative_for_germany ) in bavaria, 
  but they mention the fdp . 
  also according to current polls the left should make it . 
  and even the pirates are important , beause if they do n't make it 3-4 % of the votes are going to be lost there and when cdu+fdp maybe had 49 % before that might get them over the 50 % . 
  [ all-time-charts germany top-1 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wqoyioykbs ) sorry !, 
  not that bad , but i would have liked it if they did n't ignore the other parties . 
  i just hope the afd does n't make it . 
   epp will have a small decline in seats , the epp might take significant hits to their spanish , italian , swedish and portugese delegations , but it 's not going to mean they lose their victory - the cdu and ump votes hold up well for example . 
  i 'm would not be so sure . 
  the voter turnouts in the last years were very low in germany . 
  now with the whole crisis this could change . 
  this usually favors left leaning parties ( or parties really far to the right ) . 
  changed their mind 3 weeks ahead of the election due to a tv debate . 
  those people are going to change it again if they hear anything they like/dislike over the next weeks . 
  and we hav n't even really started with the talk shows where you have people from all parties . 
  they also did one for every party . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsw3tsfwplo&amp;feature=youtu.be they usually do n't make the really big headlines , probably the easiest to follow them on some kind of social media . 
  https://twitter.com/piratenpartei https://www.facebook.com/piratenparteideutschland, 
   i know of one politician who tries to defend the privacy of the public . 
  one . 
  awesome . 
  there is actually a whole party ... 
  ** this one !, 
   does n't it actually show how media can act as both , a filter and amplifier of certain notions ? 
  and , unfortunately , is successful with doing so . 
  definitely . 
  it really seemed like there was a short period of time where the chief editor just said hey guys write something about the pirate party no matter if good or bad , just because it got sales/clicks , then you are in a talkshow almost every week and suddenly people see hey those are n't just nerds without program . 
  they are in the state parliament of berlin and nrw ( largest by population ) and two others . 
  just alone from that i would say they are relevant . 
  i would also say they have been relevant without even ben elected ... they prevented the child porn filters ( `` zensursula '' ) in 2009 before the election , which was the first big anti-censorship success . 
  in recent months i would say they are definitely influenced the discussion about copyright , net neutrality , data retention etc. 
  i would still say they are becoming more and more relevant , they just have never been as relevant as the 10 % polls suggested . 
  although the polls themselves actually were important as they got a lot of invites to talkshows and publicity in the media . 
   more direct democracy may be positive on some issues but in my opinion the public is too uneducated to do participate in higher politics . 
  it 's also not the pirate party 's goal to do that . 
  they even defend the right that every member in parliament can vote however he wants and that wo n't change so you ca n't even combine that with liquid democracy . 
  they just think it 's a good thing for certain topics and i think certain examples on a state level already confirm that . 
  it 's much more a question of * how * you implement it and not * if * . 
  i mean the spd and greens also have voiced that they would like referendums on a federal level . 
  and everybody who pays attention to those polls knows that the ones about the federal election can be completely useless until a few weeks/months before the election . 
  not to mention that they held those 10 % for maybe 2 months and then it dropped as fast as they had gained it and that was over half a year ago . 
  i think nobody thought those 10 % were actually sustainable , it was simply a spike due to the media attention they got . 
  i mean look at the [ polls ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/dimap.htm ) the greens were up at 24 % 2 years ago and are now at 14 % . 
  yet nobody would have the idea to say something similar . 
  i honestly think you underestimate the people 's interest . 
  i think what you describe is exactly the reason disenchantment with politics . 
  parties retreat in some back rooms and then in the end come out and present one final decision and the citizens have no idea how they came to that and what the options were and which politician supported what . 
  and in the end you have one party with plan a then another with plan b ( which is nearly identical ) and then another party comes up with something completely different , but that does n't matter anyway because they are a party to the far left or right . 
  and now you are supposed to vote for one of those ... 
   party congresses . 
  you mean that stuff they vote for before the election and once they are in office to do something completely different ? 
  because what they vote for is pretty much what they campaign for later on , would look kinda strange if they did n't . 
  but my point is more that once elected almost everybody tends to vote in party lines . 
  i mean it 's not even like they stand 100 % behind what they decided to in the party congresses , which is simply impossible , because as yourself said it comes from multiple regions and is voted for . 
  but in the parliament every member still could vote whatever he wants to , but that almost never happen and i actually would like to see that happen , i mean that 's the reason why we cast 2 votes in the first place . 
  so you have a party you always agree on 100 % ? 
  what would you do if you wanted to go into politics ? 
  would that be impossible , because there is no party where you agree in every decision ? 
  i really do n't understand what people who write such comments expect them to do . 
  look at facebook , twitter or their website and you can find billions of links to the nsa scandal . 
  search for * piratenpartei * on youtube for the last month and you will find a lot of videos relevant to this topic . 
  they were on the big public tv talkshows like illner and lanz as well as i think the presseclub on phoenix . 
  they demonstrated when obama was in berlin , some smaller stuff and now they have already one planned for tomorrow in several cities . 
  wtf are they supposed to do ? 
  walk into the head office of every tv station/newspaper and be like `` hey we have this nice story , can you please put this on the first page tomorrow , thx . '', 
  so you prefer it like the big parties do it , the party leaderships decides the position and everyone votes along party lines , even though the constitution says everyone is supposed to vote according to his own conscience ? 
  where top candidates are elected with 99.9 % approval ? 
  so you are saying they are doing a shitty job in the state parliaments ? 
  the main thing the government uses twitter for is not to allow you to communicate with them , but to have an extra channel to release stuff , mostly distributing press releases . 
  on a german tv show ( lanz ) they said the whole ( ! ), 
  bnd has like a budget of 500.000 . 
  ** 000 ** whereas the nsa/cia have a budget of 6 billion just ( 1 ) to spy on communications . 
  if that 's true then i would say it 's pretty much impossible for germany to have a program of a similar scale . 
  ofc those numbers might not be that correct , but the dimensions definitely could be . 
   among the bnd 's focuses are the middle east route through which data packets from crisis regions travel . 
  if that 's really what they did then i would say that 's actually what i expect a federal intelligence service to do . 
  because honestly i doubt anyone thinks something like * `` global privacy '' * how snowden calls it can exist when people in certain other countries plan terrorist attacks against us . 
  that 's still better than not voting or even just as good . 
  the pirate party at least speaks out against stuff like this all the time and brings attention to issues like copyright , which is just stupid in germany right now . 
  so if that 's the stuff you care about than it 's definitely worth voting . 
  at least shows the parties where your interest is . 
  that still does n't mean that one of the next steps could be that the government requests acess and after that uses them with facial regognition . 
  give them a finger and they are going to take the whole hand . 
  the problem is those are without the phone . 
   they 'd sell their own mother to get into power . 
  the thing is the people who vote for the ftp know and want them to go into a coalition with the csu/cdu so they are not that likely to stop voting for the because of stuff like that . 
  economics topics in general are much more important here especially regarding business . 
  why not just hunger games ? 
  it is also run by the government .
