  obviously it 's possible to make them work . 
  pretty much knew it was going to be a computer game and gun law debate it turned out it was more like they typical school shooting . 
  well , the weapon was a restored ( made functional again ) weapon from a theatre . 
  i do n't see why it would a big deal to make stricter laws in regards to making such weapons unusable and maybe just using completely fake weapons in theatres . 
   if you really want one , you 'll be able to get one eventually . 
  well , there is always a risk to get caught i guess . 
  i 'm angry that they continued to say that when we had the roof top video which painted a completely different picture . 
   lauretta said she heard the gunman say , `` allahu akbar , '' or god is great . 
  `` i know this because i 'm muslim . 
  i hear this and i only cry . '', 
  as name in germany . 
  and is a muslim ? 
  that 's some unicorn cnn found there . 
  nope . _ . 
  it 's the same shit as fgm . 
  it 's fucking backwards and barbaric to cut around on some perfectly healthy genitals of your child . 
  most people are n't into rape , but you are right they probably all watch porn . 
  damn , the uk really got a lot of those special deals . 
  dress rehersal just seemed so limited to mh ... dresses ? 
  generalprobe whatever the english word for that is ... 
  deutsche bank has like [ 5000 employees ] ( https://next.ft.com/content/8a11b5ae-a96f-11e5-955c-1e1d6de94879 ) in london . 
  so for now they are certainly also exposed to this . 
  the question is more what will happen over the next years . 
  with the low pound maybe they are actually competitive with countries like china . 
  yet , for some reason the uk is always the one who seems to stick out . 
  i really could not thing of any other country that seems to regularly interfere with the course of the eu and it 's laws as the uk . 
  yes , but in a few years they are all going to start bitching again , because a significant amount of your countrymen still do n't like the eu . 
  i think the only way you will ever appreciate it if you get out , realize how much it sucks and then at some point make the decision to come back . 
  it just does n't work if the support is just somewhere around 50 % and a up and down depending on the current mood of the country . 
  my guess is that not everything has to be implemented , but if you want to do business and trade with the eu it just makes sense and things easier . 
  like sure you could maybe have different safety standards for cars , but it just would n't make any practical sense . 
  yes , but if he is in a tourist area in the us it just became more expensive for people from the uk to go there as well as to some extent for europeans . 
  i did n't vote for merkel either , but i vote for the people who elect here . 
  sure it might be nice in some situations to have more direct elections , but it 's not like those just are some random people . 
  and as far as i remember you still see a lot of elections campaigns posters here in germany with the faces of the politicians who will then end up in such positions . 
   75 year old not an expert either , but in that context it 's probably cheap . 
  source ? 
  also i bet there is things like `` risk for public '' at least that how people end up locked up longer than their original sentence in germany . 
  yeah , reddit complains about ips selling their data , is happy to have everything they ever buy tracked ... lol sex shop ? 
  oh sorry we do n't take cash . 
  sweden is also a absolute privacy nightmare where that concept does n't seem to exist in the public . 
  how much will that cost him in addition ? 
  he most likely already has an account ? 
  for a taxi driver ? 
  maybe takes some extra time ... 
  how long will the system work though ? 
  if taxis are put out of business how much will drivers care about their rating ? 
  if uber kicks drivers will there be enough new people to sign up ? 
   or uber should be held to the same standard if they are n't most of the time uber rather choose to leave the market . 
  commercial insurance and passenger transportation license for our driver ? 
  nah , we are out of here ... 
  but is a uber driver going to be any different ? 
  honestly i think it 's because americans have some kind of credit card fetish and the taxi drivers obviously do n't like them that much . 
  * just visiting *, 
  is the church of the flying spaghetti monster / pastafarianism approved ? 
  yeah . 
  / r/worldnews was so much better in the early days of reddit . 
  it actually had braking news , because you could use all the local sources . 
  now you can just as much check bbc and they are most likely even faster . 
  yeah , but compared to something like this getting 9 million it seems kinda low . 
  is it still online somewhere ? 
  seems to be just gone . 
  [ do n't worry ] ( https://youtu.be/wch9ewbs9fw?t=4m44s ), 
  i 'm still surprised [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzc8tbtidhi ) has n't gotten more traction . 
  npd has been hated longer than i 'm alive ... 
   then why they had to shoot him ? 
  because he had a knife ? 
  they do , but almost nobody in germany sends their kids to a private school ( there are a few run by the church ) , so most of them are public and i 'd say then they do n't really have that right . 
   yes but consumers do n't know ... do n't you have consumer agencies that test stuff like this ? 
  something like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stiftung_warentest, 
   town mostly in the foreground http://www.openstreetmap.org/relation/1145353, 
  [ you mean like merkel 's cdu last election ? 
   has proven the calm and calculated reactions i value highly during crisis . 
  but that 's part of the issue for me . 
  she is so calm that she ends up doing very little . 
  she is more like a flag in a light wind , just turn with the flow and do n't get any big attention . 
  do n't say anything that could be seen as negative from either side and if something goes wrong blame it on some party member ... 
  they are n't really pushing anything religiously christian though . 
  at best they are trying to hold back on some stuff like gay marriage , but mostly they are happy if nobody brings up that topic , because they have a really hard time defending it . 
  best merkel could do last election was a `` i 'm not comfortable with it and that was mostly regarding the adoptions rights gay couples would gain '' . 
  they are pretty close . 
  one should really post the whole quote :  `` es ist der unbeirrbare glaube an den traum von europa . 
  so what he meant was * the faith in europe , something we have lost . 
  they probably just could not find any religious people in denmark . 
  after visiting the us it does not surprise me , especially if you live there are used to it . 
  i 'm all for a ban thought , back as a teenager that was the first time i gained some weight in just 3 weeks and i think all the coke i was drinking was a major factor in that . 
  1/4 of all european tesla sales go to norway a country with 5million people . 
  of course he is defending her on that . 
  his party and other parties to the left pretty much pressured merkel to be more welcoming towards refugees 1.5 half years ago . 
  that was one of the big moments for the afd where they gained a lot of momentum . 
  of course they would , because they know very well that once 18 most guys would say `` fuck this '' and your tradition is dead within 2 generations . 
  funny , seems to be the same with fgm . 
  all these women from western countries should really shut up and let those women in africa to what they want i guess . 
  nothing a court can do when there is no law against it . 
  in germany a court also tried to interpret laws like that , but merkel was obviously quick to adjust the law . 
   fgm , by definition , is the very specific practice of ** the removal of external genitalia ** , which factually causes pain throughout their lives and especially during intercourse . 
  no it 's not just that . 
  * type 4 : this includes all other harmful procedures to the female genitalia for non-medical purposes , e.g. 
  pricking , piercing , incising , scraping and cauterizing the genital area . 
  * http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs241/en/,
