it could be culturally , but i have noticed that finnish _ psyche _ ( when such a things exists ) is quite different form swedish one . 
  i 'm also using gps navigation & maps - scout , which has similarly openstreetmap data , but the route planner function has it 's share of problems . 
  overall however , especially for hiking and walking , the openstreetmaps data is really good . 
  agreed , i use it all the time , best offline navigation in my experience . 
  only problem is , in some areas here is not as up to date as google maps and this can lead to weird situations ( e.g. 
  in poland here tried to force me off an highway onto some small roads with no apparent reason , probably thinking the highway does not exist ) . 
  yes , but this has to do also about the demographics . 
  the estonian russians are mostly form previous `` factory towns '' , after the closing or reorganizing the factories or mines there was/is a lot of unemployment etc , hence the tendency towards drug abuse . 
  also , the data comes form 2011 , so there could be some changes ( to better or worse , i 'm not so sure ) . 
  so is finland , i was surprised to learn that it is bigger than poland . 
  it was a bit more complicated than that . 
  cats and dogs themselves were the carriers of fleas and were more likely to transmit the fleas ( and the disease ) to humans than rats . 
  actually , large proportions of rats in towns would help to avoid human infection as the fleas have somewhere to go and would only find a human host after all available live rodents have died . 
  so killing lots of rats in towns would mean that humans get infected more quickly . 
  edit : whoa , downvotes for explaining historical context ? 
  really ? 
  we call 1000 $ a kilo . 
  the scales must be different , 
  or something similar to [ hanseatic league ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanseatic_league ) . 
  do n't drag us into this old tired argument once again , 
  you mean that everybody is wrong and no one knows who is to blame ? 
  right , this is the general feeling . 
  but the fact is 1 ) there is a crisis in greece right now and not in these countries you mentioned . 
  also everybody agrees , that 2 ) greece ca n't pay back the debts right now . 
  these are facts , that i think everybody agrees upon . 
  why the situation is as it is , is another matter . 
  greeks say that they are not to be blamed , others differ . 
  is it so that everybody just mindlessly hates greece ? 
  i do not think so . 
  these countries , do not need such kind of financial help , as their economies are doing fine right now , and they have implemented the austerity measures . 
   so the finnish government can justify their own policies to their voters . 
  that is the how democracy works , is n't it ? 
  voters can direct the policy . 
  where did i say that ? 
  when you said that the poorer ez countries are siding with some imaginary bullies . 
  i actually quite understand the sentiment in greece right now and i agree that the debt has become unsustainable , now , but still i think the problems arouse due to the measures being implemented too late and with as much shuffling of the feet as possible . 
   at the end of 2008 latvia 's foreign debt reached 137 percent of gdp ; its gdp declined by 4.8 percent , its budget deficit rose to 4 percent of gdp . 
  latvia cut public wages by 25 to 30 percent , cut 14,000 public sector jobs ( in a country of approximately 2,000,000 people ) , and eliminated half the government 's agencies . 
  source : http://pundithouse.com/2015/02/greece-vs-latvia-left-wing-economics-vs-real-austerity/, 
  i can assure you , the younger generation does not think any differently . 
  i do n't understand what you mean by `` helping those economies '' . 
  we are not as rich as germany , true , but our economy is growing as a result ( or in spite of ) the austerity . 
  none of these small economies need help from outside right now . 
  are you sure ? 
  why finland is so grumpy against greece now ? 
  so everyone is automatically a bully or a coward who does not agree with greece ? 
  so greece can have public opinion and this is called democracy and when other countries express their opinion , this is called bullying ? 
  yes , because these nations implemented all required measures and as a result economies stabilized etc. 
  the greeks however are not fully prepared to do that and want their debt cut . 
  that 's why the animosity . 
  edit : so i 'm now downvoted for explaining the situation ? 
  i shall wear the loathing with pride : /, 
  this is maybe true in places where sciences and humanities are segregated , but in most european academias this is not the case ( e.g. 
  in german _ wissenschaft _ applies to both ) . 
  also , eu funding and local funding schemas are very similar for sciences and humanities and e.g. 
  erc-funding you have sometimes mathematicians on the board who decide about a project concerning history and vice versa . 
  they are not purposefully specialists in the field , but have to evaluate the overall _ academic _ quality of the proposal , which means readability , clarity etc , even for _ nonspecialist _ audience . 
  when a person has a phd , then he would be at least in a rudimentary way knowledgeable about how the academia works and thus also , how research works and should be funded . 
  any phd includes research . 
  why not use the term post-communist then ? 
  as eastern europe is defined differently in different sources , then it creates more confusion than it 's worth . 
  and besides , it lumps geographically together countries that have geographically nothing in common . 
  yes , the whole referendum reminded me how `` referendums '' were organized in crimea and in donetsk . 
  i know some people from narva and they all are pro-estonian , so to speak , but they are university students and may not be totally representative of the whole situation . 
  i think this article explains the things ( imho , of course ) quite well . 
  yeah , this was more or less directed against the claim that `` bolsheviks gifted narva to estonia '' , as some russians here like to argue . 
  somehow this kind of statement reminds me the talk , that khrushchev gifted crimea to ukraine , and thus it was illegitimate . 
  i 'm copying from wiki here :  the status of narva was finally resolved in a july 1917 referendum , when the district population , now roughly equally divided between ethnic russians and estonians , voted to attach itself to the newly autonomous and soon to be independent republic of estonia . 
  the article cites anecdotal evidence and please consider :  local grievances can add up and the estonian government believes the kremlin is already trying to use them to undermine the state . 
  this is obvious , the government communications director , ilmar raag , told me . 
  russian television is hostile , he said , fabricating stories and exaggerating problems . 
  he does n't believe it has yet created a fifth column eager to rise up and break away , as in ukraine . 
  but there are unnerving signs . 
  you can say , that a conflict would totally come from inside , but reality is , that nobody believes that . 
  also this article paints a bit different picture : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29054128, 
  if you look at the polls , the residents of narva are pretty ok with staying in estonia now . 
  i mean , any conflict that arises i would consider a manufactured one , and of course i admit , that there exists a possibility to incite some unrest in narva . 
  but this would be an aggressive move and would not take place without help from `` outside '' . 
  and you know what i mean by `` outside '' . 
  how many times should people decide , every year , every century ? 
  how many people can decide , can i decide to secede from estonia , or can maris or komis secede from russia ? 
  what 's the point in all that , do you really think that russia would be happier if it could absorb narva ? 
  really why could we not live in peace and instead quarrel all the time . 
  we are not after the [ territories that belonged to estonia before wwii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_changes_of_the_baltic_states#estonia ) , leave it be , for god 's sake . 
  let the referendum decide , all right :  the status of narva was finally resolved in a july 1917 referendum , when the district population , now roughly equally divided between ethnic russians and estonians , voted to attach itself to the newly autonomous and soon to be independent republic of estonia . 
  the situation is n't as clear , many do n't want to become latvian or estonian citizens , because that would mean they are not allowed to travel without visa into russia any more , but when having the non-citizen status , they are free to travel both in eu and in russia . 
  that 's why many are simply not interested in changing their status and enjoy both worlds ... 
  i do n't know what to make of it , estonia is not on the list :|, 
  yes . 
  csm is generally well respected news agency and has won several pulizer prizes for their reporting . 
  there is no `` revisionism '' , absolutely no-one is thinking that what nazis did is n't wrong . 
  the discussion here is simply whether you can say that all germans were nazis . 
  ok , then i can say , that russians deported some [ 6 million people ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_transfer_in_the_soviet_union ) from occupied countries and organized [ holodomor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor ) that killed at least another 3 mil and were all actively participating ? 
  right ? 
  i 'm no expert in this field , but what i 've read , it means that right now the effectiveness would be minimal . 
  see : http://cdm16064.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/ref/collection/p266901coll4/id/3447, 
  this map shows ( afaik ) the areas that were assessed . 
  namely , according to the map estonia would be rich in shale gas , but actually shales in estonia are not deep enough to meet the necessary thermal and pressure conditions to have become thermogenic . 
  see : http://www.eia.gov/analysis/studies/worldshalegas/, 
  yeah , exactly .
