  quoting pipiska :  1 ) i do n't agree with anything aethralis says in this thread at all . 
  quoting me :  2 ) so , please let me hear your suggestions on this matter . 
  quoting pipiska :  3 ) i am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas . 
  i admit , i 'm confused _ now _ . 
   according to the 2002 federal act on citizenship of the russian federation , to become a naturalized citizen , certain criteria must be met . 
  the applicant must apply for permanent residency and be a permanent resident of russia for a minimum of five years . 
  an individual must be able to work and have a valid source of income . 
  an individual should speak russian and be able to successfully pass a language test . 
  the applicant must be willing to abide by the laws and regulations of russia . 
  so , please let me hear your suggestions on this matter . 
  i understand you do n't agree with the statement :  if you live in a country and do not bother to learn the language , it is simply impolite and arrogant . 
  so how you would rephrase it ? 
  i 'll just copy paste a reply a good russian redditor sent me :  it 's good that crimean tatar children study both languages now as crimea is part of russia . 
  if they decide to seek jobs or education in the rest of the country , they 'll have better prospects having mastered russian . 
  i hope you have the same sentiment towards the russians living in estonia . 
  i constantly hear that `` why are they required to learn estonian , it is a pointless exercise '' . 
  next time i can refer then to the situation of tatars and explain that russians themselves agree with this policy and have good arguments for it . 
  thanks . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  if you live in a country and do not bother to learn the language , it is simply impolite and arrogant . 
  you see no point of learning estonian and would gladly see that the whole country would disappear somehow . 
  i would rather preserve the language and the country ( cultural and biodiversity , you know ) . 
   during the 2013-2014 school year there were : 15 schools teaching in the crimean tatar language ; one school with lessons in both crimean tatar and ukrainian ; 20 schools with joint crimean tatar and russian schools ; and 27 schools with all three languages ( crimean tatar , ukrainian and russian ) . 
   3.1 % of kids were studying with crimean tatar language instruction ; around 7 % studied the language as a subject . 
   under russian occupation 96 % of students are studying in russian . 
  all ` national ' ( crimean tatar ) schools now teach in both russian and crimean tatar . 
  there are 15 such schools . 
  even if a school is officially crimean tatar , the children may well be in a class taught in russian . 
  still you ca n't say that most of them are supporting . 
  and it is interesting to compare tatars to the other groups , it becomes evident that they are most opposed to the new situation , is n't it ? 
  it is not estonification , to be a german citizen you have to know german , to be a british citizen you have to know english , i 'm not even talking about switzerland . 
  and to successfully understand the topics discussed on national level you have to be able to follow the political discussions and be familiar with political platforms . 
  these discussions happen to take place in estonian , it 's quite simple . 
  still even your source says that there are only a few classes in lower stages of education . 
  so less than half , as i understand . 
  everybody has a right to elect in local elections . 
  those who are estonian citizens have a right to elect on national level elections . 
  for estonian citizenship it is required to do a language exam . 
  the courses for learning estonian are free of charge . 
  i did n't claim that . 
  i just showed you the statistics . 
  as i said , i have friends who are russian , and they are all good people . 
  what i expect from russians living in estonia is to learn the language ( however i have no qualms about them speaking russian as their first language ) and support european style democracy . 
  this is not so much to ask , is it ? 
   although the language had constitutional status as an official language of the republic , markelov ensured that it was only to be taught as an elective in schools . 
  he also endorsed a ban on the printing of mari language opposition newspapers and terminated the employment of more than 80 ethnic mari civil servants . 
  only elective courses . 
  and you are right , they ca n't resist the influences of russian sphere and are becoming assimilated to russia . 
  that 's why we have here the strive not to follow their fate and i presume you understand our concern . 
  edit : i 'll paste for you some statistics , for fun : percentage of russians in estonia : 1934 - 8,20 % 1989 - 30,33 % i think these figures speak for themselves . 
  maris are less than 50 % in their region , due to the successful policies of russification . 
   total population of mari el is about 728,000 , according to the 2002 census . 
  of them , ethnic mari constitute some 43 % , with russians constituting about 48 % and other smaller groups such as tatar and chuvash , which live mainly in the neighboring areas , accounting for the rest . 
  while this is no longer the case , mari constituted the majority of the mari el population as late as the 1939 census . 
  however , while in absolute numbers the ethnic mari population has been growing , it has been outpaced by the russian population . 
  read more : http://www.languagesoftheworld.info/language-policy/on-the-mari-language-and-mari-schools.html#ixzz4sduvhzgd so there goes your argument that they themselves elected the officials . 
  and i never said here anything about putin . 
  really , please link me an article that would support this claim ? 
  https://www.hm.ee/ru/meropriyatiya/doshkolnoe-osnovnoe-i-srednee-obrazovanie/shkola-s-russkim-yazykom-obucheniya do maris have their schools in mari language ? 
   against this background of linguistic revival come the recent news of closure of the only mari-language school in the perm ' region . 
  the decision of the regional authorities to turn the only mari national comprehensive school into a primary school has been met with an outrage from the mari inhabitants of the village where the school was located . 
  it is viewed as an example of discrimination of the mari ethnic minority in the region . 
  various mari organizations such as mer kangash and mari ushem as well as finno-ugric organizations such as as the international consultative committee of finno-ugric peoples , the ma casr\u00e9n society in finland , fenno-ugria in estonia joined in the protest and even members of the european parliament satu hassi and heidi hautala expressed their protest against the closure of mari schools . 
  read more : http://www.languagesoftheworld.info/language-policy/on-the-mari-language-and-mari-schools.html#ixzz4sdr98aqu, 
  never has an estonian said that we should nuke someone ( and i have some friends in russia and they are all good people btw ) . 
  the whole question about auxiliary troops was raised _ after _ the annexation of crimea . 
  and links ? 
  please : https://theculturetrip.com/europe/russia/articles/the-mari-people-the-last-pagans-of-europe/ i 'll copy-paste for you :  within the first year , the ministry of education saw to it that all school curricula taught in the mari language were shut down . 
  although the language had constitutional status as an official language of the republic , markelov ensured that it was only to be taught as an elective in schools . 
  he also endorsed a ban on the printing of mari language opposition newspapers and terminated the employment of more than 80 ethnic mari civil servants . 
  really ? 
  please provide links . 
  and it is dangerous to imagine things , better let 's stick to the facts . 
  i you do read estonian , then this research would be of interest : http://www.saarpoll.ee/userfiles/file/rahvussuhted%20eestis_aruanne_final.pdf, 
  baltics are not threatening you . 
  you are doing the threatening , and also you are ignoring the many times proven fact that there is huge repression of minority national groups in russia , not least the finno-ugric tribes who live there . 
  i do n't know about all the groups , but finno-ugric tribes are constantly persecuted in russia . 
   once again , the mari people were confronted by a new wave of discrimination and cultural oppression , as the new president followed a hard-line policy against the indigenous minority . 
  supporting the anti-western nationalism of russian activist vladimir zhirinovsky , markelov was determined to push for complete cultural assimilation and to ` russify ' the state . 
  this process of russification threatened the culture and language of all minorities in favor of more typically russian traditions . 
  do you happen to know any instances of estonians persecuting estonian-russians ? 
  would be interesting to know . 
  i ca n't understand why you make a big issue out of the observers , when the whole process clearly was unlawful . 
  no amount of observers would have made it legal and acceptable . 
  see also here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_status_referendum,_2014#legal_aspects, 
  this was not done according to international agreements and law . 
  referendum was organized with masked gunmen standing on every street corner . 
  they brought in their troops ( and later admitted it ) and set up mock referendum . 
  this is not the first time this kind of thing has been done ( [ soviet union annexed baltic states with similar methods ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states#soviet_occupation_and_annexation_1940.e2.80.931941 ) ) . 
  i ' l copy paste here for you :  on 18 and 21 june 1940 , new `` popular front '' governments were formed in each baltic country , made up of communists and fellow travelers . 
  [ 56 ] under soviet surveillance , the new governments arranged rigged elections for new `` people 's assemblies . '', 
  a month later , the new assemblies met , with their sole item of business being resolutions to join the soviet union . 
  in each case , the resolutions passed by acclamation . 
  you know very well that the whole process was a sham . 
  and , please spare me the whataboutism ( what about kosovo ?!?!, 
  exactly , he is pro-eu and besides probably would be more receptive to listening of the estonian side . 
  i 'm really pleased with this result . 
  he is half estonian , how so ? 
  edit : regarding the downvotes . 
  ok , maybe this is not terribly important tidbit about him , but bear in mind that this was jokingly posted as an answer to an estonian how is not pleased with the election results .
