  as said , i do not know all the details , but what i understood is that this was not as straightforward as could be expected . 
  i do n't know all the details , but somehow it seems that to sue someone not in your own country is quite expensive and at the end of the day costs more than the publisher owes to the author . 
  you have to consider the balance sheet here ... 
  i quite understand the difficulties concerning cross border scams . 
  i know a person who had his book translated into dutch and a respectable dutch publisher printed it and sells it , but the author has not received any royalties or contractual payment at all . 
  and no one knows what to do in this situation . 
  finland uses the wide gauge too , but it 's a tiny bit different from the `` soviet '' gauge . 
  see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5_ft_and_1520_mm_gauge_railways ) . 
  take a deep breath . 
  now . 
  calm down , will you ? 
  it 's no big deal , no one thinks that putin is somehow lesser man because of this . 
  or do you ? 
  i agree with you in most part , but one could argue , that also the soviet union disintegrated along the borders of its national republics and these all had their own ( nominal ) government etc. 
  systems . 
  no one had to build everything up from scratch . 
  former warsaw pact countries did go through the same collapse and have much lower murder rates now . 
  i 'm however pretty sure that the murder rates were significantly higher in ussr to begin with . 
  i still remember the `` good old days '' when murder in some areas of the city was not entirely uncommon and even something that was accepted as normal . 
  strange , is n't it ? 
  it almost seems that the ussr fostered homicidal tendencies , and in that context it is all the more weird to hear that [ the collapse of the ussr was the greatest tragedy of the 20th century ] ( http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2014/mar/06/john-bolton/did-vladimir-putin-call-breakup-ussr-greatest-geop/ ) . 
  we do n't , but as the saying goes , man plans and god laughs . 
  do n't forget estonia , latvia , lithuania , as of now , still in europe . 
  historically you got your flag from estonia , just sayin ' . 
  ok , i 'm triggered . 
  no mention of estonian _ at all _ . 
  not really . 
  we have established two things here . 
  russians in estonia have to learn some estonian and all nationalities in russia have to learn some russian . 
  some minority languages have official status in russia . 
  russian language does not have official status in estonia , but they have education in russian and all documentation available in russian when needed . 
  if you consider that oppression then i 'm really confused . 
  by the way , you could read the article : http://www.inter-disciplines.org/index.php/indi/article/download/123/98  for minority language speakers , this means that they are often afraid of being stigmatized as nationalists , chauvinists , traitors to their motherland , pagans , or uneducated bumpkins when speaking their languages . 
  in spite of improvements in language education , many parents in russia 's regions are afraid that their children will be damaged if they acquire two languages in parallel ; the ethnic , family , or heritage language and the state russian language . 
  the advantages of being bilingual are not promoted or explained . 
  despite all evidence of the dominance of the russian language and continuing russification , the general opinion remains that bilingualism may be dangerous for children and that deep knowledge of a minority language is not necessary . 
  also , we could take as an example so called volga germans . 
  they are not provided education in german at all . 
  in some respect they are more similar to the situation that we have in estonia with estonian-russians . 
  edit : btw i was talking about mari el republic above , maris have become minority group in their own republic . 
  this is in russia a greater part only facade . 
   within the first year , the ministry of education saw to it that all school curricula taught in the mari language were shut down . 
  although the language had constitutional status as an official language of the republic , markelov ensured that it was only to be taught as an elective in schools . 
  he also endorsed a ban on the printing of mari language opposition newspapers and terminated the employment of more than 80 ethnic mari civil servants . 
  https://theculturetrip.com/europe/russia/articles/the-mari-people-the-last-pagans-of-europe/ edit : i do n't know what we are arguing here . 
  i just looked up and in every school of russia russian is taught to children and it does not depend on the nationality they are . 
   in the new law on education ( le 2012 ) , education in russian as the state language is guaranteed , while teaching in other languages is provided if possible ( art . 
  the default language of education is russian ( art . 
  in the territories of the republics ( however not all languages can be divided by republics , many are divided along other administrative lines ) , teaching and studying of other state languages of the republics of the rf must follow the legislation of the respective republics within the framework of federally approved programs and educational standards and must be provided without harming the teaching and studying of russian ( art . 
  do the crimean tatars have to learn russian ? 
  please answer that and then i 'll answer you . 
  do they have in crimea enough schools for educating everybody who wants to have an education in crimean tatar language ? 
  are they able to conduct their everyday business in their native language in crimea ( their historical home country , btw ) ? 
  edit : btw i remember that during soviet times we had from the first class russian in school , it was compulsory and no way around that . 
  the russians in estonia did not need to learn estonian at the same time . 
  definitely does make a difference . 
  i have met several germans from the eastern side ( rostock specifically ) and they spoke better russian than me . 
  we are not oppressing them . 
  they have russian language schools , they get by with russian everywhere , the only thing is they should also know estonian . 
  that 's it . 
  and for example crimean tatars have only 4 first classes schooling in their own language , after that it is only russian classes . 
  in estonia russians can have also high school education in russian . 
  do you really think that expecting people who are living in estonia know estonian is `` scared nationalism '' and estonification ? 
  they are not forced to become estonian speakers , i only expect them to learn the language . 
  i know english , russian , german and quite a bit swedish , but this language knowledge would not make me oppressed somehow . 
  however , stubbornly refusing to learn a language of a country you live in would mean , that the person is actively resisting peaceful and normal relations . 
  basically , i agree . 
  still , it 's better than nothing and i hope that in some years when they start to implement the necessary laws most of the conservatives have calmed down a bit . 
  yes , but they have something that no-one else has : no language test is required , but one must show the following : * integration into the swiss way of life ; i have a friend who is applying for swiss citizenship and the whole process is long and complicated and the interviews ( which aim to make sure you are integrated ) are of course conducted in local languages ( german in his case ) . 
  me too . 
  ok , i concede that this situation is unclear , and you could very well be right about their attitudes . 
  it could also be that their precarious situation has been highlighted only now after the occupation and they suffered as much marginalization under ukraine . 
  this , however , does not make the whole situation acceptable . 
   a remarkable difference is seen in the response of the crimean tatars to this key question , with only 28 % agreeing that life was improving . 
  the disaffection of tatars since the annexation is well documented and their political and human rights situation is increasingly precarious . 
  likewise , crimeans have different perceptions about russia moving in the right direction , with over 90 % of ethnic russians and ukrainians believing it to be so , but only 33 % of tatars feeling that way . 
  i 'm really sorry to be overly pedantic , but you just ca n't dispute the fact that _ less than 50 % of crimean tatars _ supported crimea joining russia . 
  your statement above is also factually correct , i do n't dispute that . 
  true , sorry about the shorthand . 
  i 'll use crimean tatar form now on . 
  the info about the schools , however , is as follows :  during the 2013-2014 school year there were : 15 schools teaching in the crimean tatar language ; one school with lessons in both crimean tatar and ukrainian ; 20 schools with joint crimean tatar and russian schools ; and 27 schools with all three languages ( crimean tatar , ukrainian and russian ) . 
  3.1 % of kids were studying with crimean tatar language instruction ; around 7 % studied the language as a subject . 
  under russian occupation 96 % of students are studying in russian . 
  all ` national ' ( crimean tatar ) schools now teach in both russian and crimean tatar . 
  there are 15 such schools . 
  even if a school is officially crimean tatar , the children may well be in a class taught in russian . 
  the number of schools giving instruction in tatar language has decreased . 
  the tatar language media outlets are closed . 
  the children have to learn in russian starting form 5th class . 
  i mean only that the statement `` tatars do n't have to learn russian in crimea '' is wrong . 
   committee head , professor zafer \u00dcsk\u00fcl noted only 15 schools providing training in crimean tatar , concluding by mentioning that at least 200 more were needed to meet current demand . 
  [ ... ] `` all the same , as was expected , the plate was hung in the parliament in three languages . 
  when we asked why there are no street names in crimean tatar , they replied , ` they all can speak russian , ' '' he added . 
  http://unpo.org/article/18300 edit :  children are taught in crimean tatar for only 4 years before they are then exclusively instructed in russian . 
   committee head , professor zafer \u00dcsk\u00fcl noted only 15 schools providing training in crimean tatar , concluding by mentioning that at least 200 more were needed to meet current demand . 
  [ ... ] `` all the same , as was expected , the plate was hung in the parliament in three languages . 
  when we asked why there are no street names in crimean tatar , they replied , ` they all can speak russian , ' '' he added . 
  http://unpo.org/article/18300 edit : children are taught in crimean tatar for only 4 years before they are then exclusively instructed in russian . 
  through annexation . 
  and furthermore , they have to learn russian now , whether they want or not .
