  everything got back to normal thanks to the quirinal ( aka the president of italian republic ) that congratulated with the viminale ( aka the minister of interiors , we sometimes call them according to roman hill where their office is located ) . 
  glad i have n't fayed to deliver . 
  no worries , the ambulance is coming ... any moment from now . 
  you hit like a french concrete pylon . 
  i would pay to see junker completely drunk among kangoroos and koalas, 
  let 's simplify in a classy and traditional way : * cecco beppe *, 
  do not worry , they are in good company with a lot of dimwit assholes here : minister graziano del rio , just this morning , gave his best in the good tradition of catholic politicians . 
  my grandpa used to say `` in time of need every hole is a trench '' . 
  he is just commemorating ww1 ... since he was 16 apparently . 
  ten of thousands no , thousands maybe . 
  operation * mare nostrum * first and then * triton * helped to reduce the number of people dying , but the point is , they should not leave the coast in the first place . 
  the vast majority of them ( we are in the order of 90 % and more ) do not have the requirements to have political asylum granted ... 
  yeah , pretty much we accepted them into ports as they claimed they had rescued ships in danger . 
  so we were obliged to do so by international law ... but reality is , most of them were picking migrants up basically at few miles from libya and without any explicit danger for them ... 
  ignoring the closest safe port condition and ferrying them here . 
  mate we have always patrolled our waters ... 
  if you think it 's the problem is in our waters you are very mistaken . 
  the peoblem is in libyan waters ... 
  and that is exactly what is going on now . 
  our ships are already there ( 2 of the 7 right now ) , and results , hopefully , will come quickly . 
  not entirely true . 
  this year fiber cable arrive ( i 'm in a small town distant from the sea in central italy ) . 
  it has improved a lot in the recent years and the government is financing the total national coverage for cable . 
  it is getting better by the days . 
  in addition my comune has free wifi in the city center since 2014 . 
  while the code of conduct is marginal , the naval mission is not , and it is precisely what we needed . 
  part of the libyan coast guard was helping th human traffickers , now that we have ships there , they can not do that anymore and we will also give the libyan navy all the support they need to avoid the departures ... that 's the real thing . 
  let me give you the only reasonable response i can find . 
  done, 
  uhm ... 
  i 'll start to have a party then ... we did well even with a evaluation on * effective government * , ayy lmao, 
  try to behave as a proper human being or at least in the same way you are expected in you contry and everything will be fine . 
  i see a lot of people from northern europe here in italy who believe they are allowed to do anything ... from a bath in a roman fountain , to drive at crazy speed , to fuck amid a road as happened to a couple of britons in florence last year . 
  i see only one factual problem , the whole renaming of ikea stuff . 
  ... we got literaly bashed and accused of racism ( and even worse , fascism ) when we started blockading the mediterranean sea in accord gheddafi ... by the whole europe , nordic contries above all ... we were even fined for doing so ... 
  uhm , we beat frogs , albion and fritz , i would start having a party right now but , before that , what are the basis of this research ? 
  what kind of method did they use ? 
  can we have more informations ? 
  repubblica marinara di ragusa too strong mate . 
  yeah , my middlefinger for you is saving the planet . 
  we are already spending a lot of money , just have a look on the last year expenses for the illegal immigrants we host ... and almost nothing came back from europe despite the promises . 
  envy of what ? 
  80meters are for the secret labs and slavery department . 
  / s but not that much, 
  bravo poinc , bella galleria . 
  if you think the problem is for us to blockade the med you are deeply wrong . 
  we have been obliged by eu to rescue them as close as possible to libyan coast to avoid deaths of thousands . 
  i 'm tired of your bullshit , give me a break . 
   the erdogan deal was an attempt to find a solution for the whole of the eu and not just for individual nations which started putting up border fences . 
  ** no ** erdogan deal was a solution for the problem of a nation and the countries on the path to reach that nation . 
  not a problem for us , but still everyone paid . 
  and yet now when we are in the shit , mostly beacuse of europe and because france and uk and what they started in libya , no one is here to help . 
  we will start doing so when the germans will reduce their shameful surplus and the french will stop doing what the fuck they want with their deficit . 
  good day . 
  edit1 oh , and we will bailout all the banks we like since every one has done that before that rule . 
  yeah , totally not done beacuse merkel was also under fire for the arrival of thousands of people pissing off germans a year before elections , am i right ? 
  just for the outer borders . 
  please ... the whole thing to pay turkey was done by the germans and shoved in the throat of every other member state ... 
  you will not hear this from me , not now , nor in the future . 
  never . 
  but if you think i 'll stay silent while the entire `` union '' , a word that right now means nothing , shits on us , you are very mistaken . 
  it 's good to see europe solidarity for the problems of every member state , when it comes to bribe erdogan because germany needs it , all is perfectly fine . 
  when it comes to help us no one to be seen . 
  i wonder how i say * testa di cazzo * in other three languages . 
  there we go again and again and again . 
  do not worry , we will have our revenge . 
  be silent , goofy and smiley as always ... time will come ... 
  thanks !, 
  of course i was joking even if i would be glad to have he-man on a flag . 
  this picture gives me an unexpected sadness . 
  can we just work to make the deal as light and good for them as possible ? 
  if the idea behind europe is peace in the continent and respect for everyone , they need to be treated as such . 
  there is no point in punishing for a democratic choice and even more there is nothing more anti-european than punishing at all for something like that . 
  and also a referendum can not delete thousands of years of civilization , they are still europeans even if not part of the eu . 
  edit1 a word, 
  [ thank you so much sweden ] ( http://entertainment.inquirer.net/files/2016/07/13717225_1265259390150735_8093269019210020606_o.jpg ), 
  glad to hear that , really . 
  have a nice day !, 
  this is very true , that 's why france and italy have a new joint support ship class coming soon . 
  the new its * vulcano * ( [ here is the video of bow launching ceremony ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uy0lvfqgdq ) ) , can offer a lot of the logistics needed for a conventional aircraft carrier like the * cavour * . 
  i ca n't tell you how much this comment makes me happy . 
  thanks for sharing your experience !, 
  i 'm really glad it 's working fine . 
  training there it 's a very good idea and will cut a lot the preparation time for our new planes , making * cavour * at full power in quite a short time . 
  harriers are old but not toys , the * garibaldi * alone with 8 of them dropped over 120 missiles/bombs on her mission to libya . 
  anyway i 'm glad we will soon have the f35b . 
  they will be very useful despite all the criticism, 
  you can remove * will * . 
  italy has officially built his first f35b and it is also the first produced outside us . 
  more to come , probably 20 even if only 15 have been confirmed for sure . 
  italian pilots are already training in the us , as soon as we get them in number , * cavour * will jump quite high in capability . 
  * cin cin *, 
  judging what i have spent last time , no . 
  they live out of that . 
  i will never take a ride on a gondola but honestly i do not feel i am in the position to judge them . 
  to be ( during the investigation ) with positive feelings and to have the desire to become a terrorist or clearly declaring support towards it . 
  they have kicked out even imams who attempted to recruit people . 
  since they are not citizens * arrivederci e grazie * . 
  btw the ban is at least 10 years . 
  no one expects the spanish shitpost .
