the way it is written . 
  i have no idea , like half of this sub , of how it is pronounced , i 've just made a pun , a dad joke on that word . 
  it 's a joke ... hungarian word for family csal\u00e0d ... similar to salad so i joked about ordering a `` family '' at restaurant to get actual vegetables ... at your pace , are you norwegians perhaps well known for being half-witted ? 
  just asking ... 
  nothing to do with bologna . 
  i 'm in marche , we have our own shit . 
  apologies then . 
  but it is not just vaccination . 
  the enormous development in living standards had a decisive impact too . 
  is it supposed to be a funny joke ( according to dutch standards ) about the recent measles problem ? 
  edit * a comma, 
  interesting , so if i want side vegetables in hungary i order a family . 
  i 'm conflicted , should i ask for that and be worried about the toll in case i accidentally summon you ? 
  btw we use also `` teutonico '' as adjective releted to german things . 
  like `` la notoria precisione teutonica '' , the famous teutonic precision . 
  salve !, 
  oh , a gentleman from the subalpine capital . 
  nice to know you still speak italian :d, 
  showing off that you are better than your neighbor . 
  and trust me , this is more true than you can actually think . 
  and also because we are the art , with a full pint of national pride . 
  btw , how do you know italian , if i can ask ? 
  lol . 
  no , it was summer , they generally have only white socks and sandals , not the full gear . 
  i think we gave away everything that day . 
  really . 
  i miss that work during my university years ... 
  if you are interested a town near mine went to war three times against an other neighbor town during middle age just for a piece of land a little bigger than a football field . 
  yep , the fuel of central italian medieval towns since then is just hatred , deep , black , moist and sweet hatred for the neighbor . 
  edit , words, 
  exactly , but the last time i have heard that i was helping-cook in the kitchen and one of the waiter runned inside giving us the news about a full load of germans in the restaurant hall . 
  it was n't for that , i have n't expressed properly , that is the alarm yell when the germans are coming . 
  sorry , i 've got carried away . 
  well , now we know what they do after tea . 
  since we are so high , can i bother a polish friend and ask why `` w\u0142ochy '' for italy ? 
  it 's something that has always made me curious . 
  anyways we love you too . 
  last time i checked we had about 3200 death by car crash for 2014 according to istat , in the same year usa had about 32000 , with a population that is only 5 times the italian one . 
  i would say there are other instruments that can be used . 
  for example in my province we have state financed bus that stop in towns to pick up kids and drive them back home on saturaday night , that works and far better than uber . 
  good riddance . 
  it was not fair for regular operators . 
  i do support a liberalization of the market , but uber is just a tax fraud scam detrimental for working rights . 
  * edit a letter, 
  no tears needed mate , smile !, 
  just pints of good ale and bottles of fine wine . 
  what politics will divide , booze will reunite :d, 
  due to the alliance with the britons , i was just joking about austro-hungarian empire behind r/theblackvoid, 
  i agree , but there is something fishy . 
  throw a sacher torte to r/theblackvoid and watch how they react . 
  i have a feeling ... 
  you will never be out of this . 
  even leaving eu does not make you less european . 
  over 2000 years of common civilization , bloodsheds , wars , languages and dialects and so on will not be washed away by a vote . 
  and i , as many others , think you should have the best agreement possible out of this , because at the end of the day the real cornerstone of europe should be freedom of choice and respect for anyone in this continent . 
  well , thanks for finding the time to explin me the thing . 
  so that 's why admiral ackbar said ** `` it 's a trap !, 
  i 'm honestly too old to understand what the fuck the second part of your comment means . 
  and for once i think it 's a bliss . 
  we finally got rid of the vatican ? 
  hell yeah , very confortable . 
   france is animu kingdom oh look , you are stealing an other form of art !, 
  see , it is clear now germans -  swamp germans -  islander germans, 
  you have absolutely no idea of what you are talking about ... do you know how is it called the government palace of sicily ? 
  `` palazzo dei normanni '' , google it and look for its history you alt-right illiterate dimwit . 
  signed a northern italian, 
  [ op on russia ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-bq6_fpfyhy8/tp8qh_1uiti/aaaaaaaaah4/udryeagkiam/s1600/emperor%2527s%2bnew%2bgroove.png ), 
  he is an asshole , i doubt he is even turkish , just a man with too much free time . 
  because he is a yank with armenian ancestors and believe he is funny ... 
  he even put austria in the eastern block ... 
  protomexican ? 
  ** napocoglione di sto ` cazzo ** as i have read ( with pleasure ) under an article on the saint lazare shipyard clash . 
  thank goodness they are not like us . 
  we have killed each other for almost three thousands years before learning the lesson . 
  yes , they have a lot of things i do not like , from healthcare to capital punishment , to their goddamn self-jerking worshipping thing and so on . 
  but honestly , they were the place where we looked at when many of us in europe wanted to change for a better life . 
  they are friends , one of the very few friends we have outside our continent and , despite all the differences , a lot of what europe is right now is due to the help we received from them , does n't matter the reason they had . 
  rather low hand response on a joking comment , considering that yes , unemployement in italy is now around 11 % but bit by bit is getting better and our usual level is around 7-8 % , a very decent level . 
  cristo , it seems an other planet , what have they done with the saturation ? 
  now , i 'm a piece of shit but watching northern european countries for once yelling at each other instead of randomly bash us for something it 's rather funny . 
  there is everything you in the article . 
  but since you asked : tl ; dr he is a very competent politician and he knows the matter in deep , from police forces to secret services , and he is the one who is getting results . 
  one good politician in a while is something that happens here too . 
  if you are not used to something like that it 's probably normal . 
  well , i hope you had a pleasant journey . 
  hey, 
  when you are homesick in a far away land even a small portion of what you love can warm a bit your soul ... 
  quite right , it is probably due to the fact that in italian * minacciare * has a wider meaning . 
  i 'll keep an eye open on this next time , to threat is a better choice . 
  have a nice day . 
  i 've just checked wordreference and it can be used in the same way as `` to threat '' , so my sentence is fine . 
   announced he menaced to resign and , complicated to explain now , that would have probably ended the government . 
  i can tell you that here in italy soldiers for the patrolling of the biggest cities and areas of interest have been used since 11/09/2001 , and before that in other periods . 
  and it is good to see them around , they are always with polizia or carabinieri and before anything they always ask for them 'cause they have no authority on civilians , they ca n't arrest you or anything . 
  and now you can see more than ever with the isis threat and what is going on in other eu countries , a couple of days ago i was in bologna central station and there were few patrols composed with a policeman and four soldiers with him . 
  -- my father was in the police and after the new york attacks i remember him starting carrying his service gun everywhere with him ( we are in a small and very quiet province of central italy ) , and so a lot of his collegues . 
  you see , he was in the police during the * lead years * , the years of political terrorism in italy and he was in milan , probably the worst place possibile . 
  he lost many friends and i remember him being very careful after the wtc attacks . 
  it was nice though , and he had never gave me the idea of panic or overreaction to something , just a man doing his job even outside the proper hours , ready to help if needed . 
  oh well , nothing special , he said according to him we should not refuse to open the ports to the ongs that have n't signed our new code of conduct , two minutes later the minister of interiors menaced his resignation ( minniti , the guy who proposed the code and basically is doing what he can on every front , he went to libya to discuss with the desert tribes , made the code and so on ... the only one who is getting some results after months ) .
