  i do n't blame them . 
  33 % is not a majority . 
  does n't explain the runaway success of polandball . 
  it includes sheffield ( me ) , manchester , liverpool and newcastle , where that would be decidedly unpopular . 
   white rose white rose institutionalised football hooliganism !, 
  my school ran yearly trips to alton towers for a-level physics . 
  it did n't run one year when some knob rented out the whole park for the day . 
   northland find us a shittier name pls . 
  good point . 
  they certainly are n't insignificant here though , although it 's not so close to 50/50 as belgium , but they do account for around 20 % of seats , which may as well be 50/50 in a country used to single-party government . 
  a single-party government is now impossible in britain and that is a huge break from our political tradition . 
  we have welsh nationalists , scottish nationalists and a few irish nationalist groups . 
  we have plenty of pro-devolution/independence parties . 
  got nothing on the netherlands . 
  see : `` rotterdam effect '' ( impossible to tell the actual size of it though ) . 
  it looks like vauban might 've made it , and he was french . 
   police reports someone involved the police ? 
   i do n't think so , unless the eu decides to vindictively try and impose trade restrictions on the uk . 
  this is very much possible - it would set a terrible precedent for the eu . 
  remember discussions over an independent scotland using the pound sterling , or about what would happen if greece left the euro ? 
  there 's a fair few parallels there . 
  the uk would be allowed in the eea , but it would be a really shit deal for us . 
  bloody zorba and his bloody retirement age of 23, 
  i was going to watch that ... and then the audience just starts fucking clapping in the middle of his sentence for no reason ?!, 
  what ?!, 
  it 's barely different from ` good jaaaab ' etc. 
  if that 's the case , then fair enough . 
  no it would n't * tingle tingle *, 
  so the extra mass is causing the country to sink ? 
  * gallic shrug *, 
   keith , ... , duncan tell them they 're gay from me . 
  ( resists swedish homsex joke ) . 
  wow , did n't know they existed outside the uk . 
  my sincerest condolences to you . 
  are the clientele all british expats as well or do greeks actually frequent them ? 
  and opium . 
  how could it not ? 
  that 's fine . 
  it 's only wrong when americans call it that . 
  same goes for lays instead of walkers . 
  speaking another language is fine , but they ought n't steal one and bollocks it up !, 
  that 's not to say that they wo n't though , surely ? 
  ( unrelated : all the people referring to notes as ` bills ' makes my poor rosbif stomach queasy ), 
  i bet the uk would be waaay higher without the southeast . 
  in london , prices can get to over triple the rest of the country . 
  yeah but he could probably get away with only 120 for good behaviour . 
  they need proper punishment over there . 
  worth noting he will probably be released in seven years , though . 
  it is a bit ridiculous that it 's longer than murder though . 
  i wonder , what 's the difference between a muslim call to prayer and church bells , then ? 
  while i would n't really like to have to listen to a call to prayer , i quite like church bells , personally ( i 'm not religious ) . 
  i believe you because you 're texan and probably know what you 're on about here . 
  oh , we 're such a ragtag bunch ... at least we are n't schizophrenic like the swiss . 
  then again , i 'd rather have schizophrenia and chocolate than neither . 
  who said we want a united states of europe ? 
  absolutely bantabulous m80, 
  of course it * is * true , there are many banks . 
  there is , however , only one * central * bank . 
  no , he 's got a valid point ( so is yours , but i do n't think yours is what he meant . 
  as our lord and saviour varoufakis phrased it :  * banking crisis : while sparked off by events across the atlantic , and the english channel , the problem with the eurozone 's banking crisis was never properly addressed . 
  the reason was the terribly odd arrangement whereby governments ,, 
  i 'm very much against this arbitrary creation of verbs . 
  i must also say i love the conviction with which you say that his beliefs need excusing ( and so are presumably `` wrong '' ) . 
  glad you sorted that one for us . 
  [ and no , i 'm not even slightly ukip-inclined ], 
  in english i think you 'd have trouble finding names that are n't either saints names or really unorthodox . 
  i had no idea there was a norwegian-english equivalent of franglais !, 
  can on reddit sync, 
  that in itself would be something to complain about . 
  thank you, 
  yeah , a parisian on a moped * booped * me all the way across the med from the champs elysees roundabout when he hit me . 
  yeah , i mean on the one hand gendarmes are n't exactly known for being approachable ... 
  but then neither are the french !, 
  ( boom-boom ), 
  thresholds have been used before in the first referendum on scottish devolution ( 1979 ? 
  ) , but i do n't know of any plans to use them for the eu ref . 
  see the rest of his speech . 
  apparently not . 
  i 'm guessing the fbi have got too close . 
  apparently there 's only been one british reporter at the conference and barely anyone else ... 
  so richard conway ended up with a hell of an unexpected scoop for glorious imperialist bbc . 
  can we do the lancastrians next ? 
  we used to have bottle banks in the uk but they were just big bins really . 
  now each kind of recycling is collected . 
  we put them ( plastics , cans , bottles , paper , card etc ) in separate bins at home and they get collected and sorted that way . 
   reverse vending machines these sound cool . 
  and historically we 've been in the 70-75 % range since then . 
  i think 2001 was 59 % . 
  60 % still does n't sound great to me , i 'll be honest ( the uk ca n't exactly brag about being much better though ) . 
  i think you 're missing the whole point of eurovision . 
  it 's a cheese festival worthy of the french . 
  god yes quite a few of us love it , mainly so we can be angry about the result for weeks afterwards . 
  i want voting reform . 
  oohhh , i bet he gets all handsy . 
  very true . 
  i do n't think it 's absolutely necessary for the demography to be perfect ( though that would n't be a bad thing , and being too insular would be ) , but it 's always a good line to run when people splutter about the lords not being representative . 
  the commons ought to be fixed first . 
  i understand that and you 're definitely right , but i thought that that was , in broad terms , conveyed by the phrase . 
  it 's also worth noting that in a federation the central government generally has a monopoly over taxation , foreign policy , defence , etc - so the eu possesses attributes of a federation but definitely not all of them . 
  well , it 's a damn sight closer than the commons and it 's performed it 's functions well since the last major round of reforms .
