  ironically , the commons is also no more representative in its composition than the lords in many respects . 
  no , but especially not if it 's called that . 
  fuck , i 'd rather the name were in french was too similar to the usa, 
  this is what pisses me off in a lot of discussions about the commission or uk house of lords . 
  people just do n't acknowledge this but it 's really very true . 
  never heard it explained that way , but that 's actually a really really good way of conveying the gist of it . 
  i prefer floccinaucinihilipilification or titin . 
  ... but it maybe is a little bit . 
  exactly . 
  imagine how undemocratic it would be for parties to decide policy themselves post-election . 
  they are n't . 
  try actually reading a dsc 's report or observing the functioning of one . 
  ffs stop this myth , all parliamentary committees are cross-party . 
  yep , but do n't confuse `` socially '' and `` social '' liberalism . 
  `` socially '' is as above . 
  social/progressive/new ( not to be confused with neo ) liberalism is economically to the left of the above . 
  they 're view small government as ideal but much more readily step in and improve things if they feel they can rather than let the economy run it 's course ( even if that means an economic downturn ) . 
  in the uk ( at least ) , it 's generally regarded as being founded by people like j.s. 
  mill , campbell-bannerman and h.h. 
  asquith , but really implemented much more fully by lloyd george ( and churchill to an extent ) in the years following the 1906 election ( won by the liberal party ) . 
  i do n't believe for a second that the snp will push for voting reform , i 'm afraid . 
  today they 're forecast to get twice the seats merited by their share of the vote . 
  fptp is great for two ( and sometimes three ) party systems , but when the two parties get a bit shit and people get disengaged , they look for alternatives . 
  covered in blood blooooodd, 
  the average jurgen bloggs, 
  * pseudo , 
  afaik none of the big parties in the uk support decriminalisation besides the lib dems . 
  they are n't supporting legalisation , but want to apparently review the whole idea of incriminating drugs so much with an `` evidence-based approach '' . 
  i reckon this might be a euphemism for `` we 'd like to legalise , but it 'd be a vote loser and very difficult to do , so we 'll have a policy of decriminalising and see where we get from there '' . 
  regarding the first paragraph , that 's true of britain as a whole , but not really n.i. , and mostly only in younger age brackets . 
  yeah , i do n't know exactly how it works , but they have some sort of grading system to determine who qualifies and how easily . 
  i qualified easily . 
  you 're being given quite a hard time on this , which is n't entirely fair . 
  yes , fptp does have the effect you describe on people 's voting behaviour . 
  this was visible in the 2003 ( ? ), 
  scottish parliament elections , where the snp got 150,000 less votes on the list part of the ams vote than the fptp vote because people felt they could freely vote for smaller parties without wasting their vote . 
  on the other hand , this probably is n't occurring with ukip to the scale you 're imagining , and the other guy is absolutely right about the low turnout at ep elections skewing this horribly . 
  on top of this , people are more likely to protest vote in ep elections because their vote will be better noticed and because it is seen as safe - it does n't produce a change in government of any kind . 
  not with the free-at-the-point-of-access orthodontic work i got done !, 
  ( although your teeth do have to be moderately messed up like mine used to be to be able to qualify for it on the nhs ) . 
  i do n't think that 's accurate once you include spanish in some parts of the us ( unless perhaps you included welsh and scots gaelic , etc in ours ) . 
   until recently you could tell ... has this ended somehow ? 
  i usually still can . 
  fucking hell your replies are getting even more stupid . 
  & gt ; a constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organisation is governed . 
  for fucks sake of course they are n't law . 
  no one is claiming that they are law . 
  we do n't have fundamental law in the uk . 
  read what i said . 
  they are sources of the constitution . 
  additionally , i did not cite a levels . 
  you ca n't cite experience . 
  haha , they were a long time ago , but this is like citing the basics of integration in a maths discussion when someone wo n't believe that a = dv/dt - not for any mathematical reason , just because they feel like it . 
  what do you want to see ? 
  those wiki articles are all well cited . 
  you 're citing nothing at all and making spurious claims off the top of your head which are baseless in fact and logic . 
  [ it is a constitution , it 's just uncodified ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uncodified_constitution?wprov=sfia1 ) . 
  everyone . 
  i linked you the fucking wikipedia page . 
  seriously , this is not disputed stuff . 
  this is literally the first lesson of an as level government and politics course . 
  from one of the wikipedia pages i posted :  much of the british constitution is embodied in written documents , within statutes , court judgments , *** works of authority *** and treaties . 
  the constitution has other unwritten sources , including parliamentaryconstitutional conventions . 
  it 's an uncodified constitution . 
  i 'm not really sure how one would litigate a constitution - might want to look that word up . 
  israel , new zealand and the uk are generally considered the ok only countries with uncodified constitution . 
  it is written down , but not entirely and not in one document . 
  i did not argue that we have a direct democracy , for god 's sake just read what i wrote . 
  * representative democracy is great and works . 
  * direct democracy is great and works . 
  * a halfway house between the two where there are grey areas which can be exploited for a particular person or government 's agenda is bad and does not work . 
  if the current tends continue , we are heading for this . 
  in the last 42 years , we have had 2 national referendums . 
  if this eu referendum goes ahead , we will have had two in two consecutive parliaments ( plus the scottish independence referendum ) . 
  there were no plans in 1973 for any further referendums . 
  there are now . 
  that is a trend . 
  what 's that got to do with the price of fish ? 
  convention is not law either , but both authoritative works and convention are absolutely a part of the constitution . 
  that wikipedia article even * says * :  books written by constitutional theorists that are considered to be authoritative guides to the uk constitution . 
  exactly . 
  i would n't really have a problem with that . 
  worse still is that we have no actual way of triggering referenda - politicians grant them to win votes and tackle short-term problems , washing their hands of any responsibility . 
  they also only grant them when they think they can win them . 
  this is not in keeping with the rest of our political culture , and it shows . 
  we had a scottish independence referendum to tackle a 40-year issue . 
  the government thought they could just walk it . 
  as it turned out scotland very nearly voted yes , turning a 40-year constitutional issue into a question of foreign policy . 
  sorry , that was poorly phrased , as it was the eec then and was supposed to say :  multiple referenda on : the eu ... plus ukip want one asap , the conservatives want one in 2017 and both labour and the lib dems are offering a membership referendum upon further transfer of sovereignty from parliament to the eu in their 2015 manifestos . 
  there was also the one planned at the time of the stillborn constitution , though of course it did not go ahead . 
  so what on earth are you saying ? 
  must they be regular ? 
  are you trying to say that the public must pass every supply bill by referendum for a democracy to be in any way direct ? 
  it rather sounds like it and it 's completely ridiculous . 
  true , there is no mechanism for triggering a referendum , but that does n't mean they do n't happen . 
  i just named 14 off the top of my head , most of which have happened within the last 42 years ( and that list is not exhaustive ) . 
  i 'm not saying that the uk * is * a direct democracy - we are still very much a representative democracy . 
  however we are increasingly moving in the direction of a more direct style of democracy through the increased use of referenda . 
  ergo , to say that the uk `` has no direct democracy '' is wrong . 
  it is * precisely because * there is no mechanism to trigger a referendum that they are so damaging to our constitution .
