  no , the good will and political capitol we had is pretty much spent . 
  do n't you see that any special favours or incentives will only embolden euroskeptics abroad . 
  and then every eurosceptic party from dublin to tallinn will be campaigning on `` see look how easy it is outside , if we leave we too can have all the bonuses and none of the negatives '' . 
  im not for it , i firmly feel the european union has a strong future , but they should n't be held hostage by a country that always felt they had some right to special privileges within it . 
  we had a good thing going for us in the uk , and we spat it back in their faces , now i just hope scotland jumps ship . 
  we did n't vote for this and should n't be punished for the little england mindset that seems to think that leaving the eu will somehow restore the british empire and admiral nelson will rise from the grave to do merry battle with the french . 
  well i think if yis were to be nice and let scotland stay in the eu we could let you have a little place called faslane and anything in it ... frankly we 're not even sure we want it any more ... we 'll even throw in anything thats being built in rosyth ship yards atm as a sweetener !, 
  what say yeah ?!, 
  :') you sound like you 've been sucking lemons, 
  no fairy land , just pointing out that you chose a stupid place to try make your point . 
  i 'm pretty sure alot of people will remember the iraq war here in the uk . 
  and not just the hundreds of dead soldiers families, 
  why is this relevant ? 
  i understand the deplorable acts that the uk has committed abroad as mentioned but this is n't really the place for you to make this point . 
  it was about making sure we remember the horrid costs in human lives and making them more than just a number . 
  frankly you come across as disrespectful as hell, 
  since the invasion in 1974 ? 
  and i highlight the word invasion because the turks in cyprus are just an occupying force and should n't be there . 
  basically a lot of the residents of northern ireland want to be british so there is some form of a mandate ... in cyprus the turks are just an occupying force, 
  to be fair have you ? 
  you thought it was half of the actual figure it was, 
  the westminster parties ran a campaign against scottish independence last time with the threat ` an independent scotland would have to leave the eu as well and try to reapply ' ... we now could be dragged out against our will anyway ... thats how scotlands been screwed . 
  but also the snp were elected to the scottish government with a manifesto that said another referendum could happen if there was a material change in circumstances ... the exact example that the snp gave was say for instance if scotland were dragged out of the european union against its will ... so theres even a democratic mandate to do another one ... kinda obvious if you spend two seconds looking at it . 
  i know , this whole talk of bribery thing makes me sad , i 'd really hope that people across europe have seen that we want to remain a part of the eu , so much so that we may kill a far older union to make it happen . 
  im 23 , i voted remain , 15-20 years of my life seems a despairingly long time . 
  so gutted its come to this , my only hope is that the eu would be happy to speak to scotland about retaining membership . 
  i would take scottish and european over scottish and british every time . 
  hardly use and abuse , careful consideration and weighing up of pros vs cons might be a way if looking at it . 
  in or out the oil price is shit ... not like the uk 's economy as a whole has a sunny few years ahead of it now . 
  i do n't know if the they will , but yes i would support it . 
  we wore threatened with `` leave the uk and you wo n't be able to join the eu '' in the last independence referendum , after that then being forced out against our will would be a massive kick in the teeth , and its looking like a distinct possibility, 
  regardless of how this goes i 'm pretty glad at the unified position scotland has taken . 
  same thing happened with the independence referendum sadly, 
  you confuse non satisfaction with non participation , alot of the stuff that we do n't participate in were shown to be bad ideas ... the euro , schengen without secure external borders ... but yeah we 're the bad guys for not jumping onto what could be described and have been shown to be bad ideas, 
   yes , the eu can integrate further without the uk to slow it down your posting history makes it relatively easy to piece together . 
  uk aint the only one against further integration , face it . 
  yeah well it was talked about instead of independence , a form of federal uk . 
  i was for full independence but that 's a different matter . 
  and yes scotland is far less eurosceptic but i think the majority of eurosceptic are in england which sees way more migration etc. 
  we 're not for the idea of leaving the eu at all here but a real danger is that people in brussels interpret a remain vote as a vote for further integration/federalisation . 
  it 's not , most people want reform . 
  and there are a few things that i know scots seem against ... eu army talk being a big one but i think that 's more to do with the whole proud british military history thing ... that and the fact an eu army 's work would have to be majorily french/british . 
  over all though i ca n't see a leave vote ever emerging from scotland ( or the uk ) . 
  if i 'm honest i have both an irish and a british passport so i would n't be too bad off if worse comes to worse, 
  i know right !, 
  with their beautiful woman , wonderful infrastructure , good education , decent healthcare ... 
  so basically unless you agree with the stats then its inaccurate because ` people did n't understand the question ' ? 
  so everyone that disagrees with federalisation are wrong because all the pro federalists are more intelligent and understanding . 
  most people here in scotland are pretty damn familiar with what federalisation means ... it was hugely discussed during the indy referendum ( in regards to a federal uk ) . 
  [ heres some stats ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ahwakl4.png ) which show that the uk is n't even the most opposed to further integration and federalisation !, 
  a lot of the richer countries are against . 
  ps : so its all assumptions when the narrative dosnt suit your view ? 
  and yet polls show that a majority believe in the eu and want to remain , this ` backlash ' is just as full of bullshit , like the concessions nonsense thats repeated on this sub , where as i pointed out is only an issue when the uk gets them . 
  or peoples refusal to accept that the uk is n't the only country against further integration ( just the strongest of said group ) . i 'm a firm remain supporter but some of the stuff i 've read from users on this sub was to a point just toxic . 
  sacrifice the eurozone ? 
  be fair the eurozone dosnt need help damaging itself , the greek and whole pigs fiasco showed that . 
  your ignoring my point , the uk is n't the only country against further integration , so the uk and others ( which is more than you 'd expect including the scandinavian members ) have the right to democratically oppose it . 
  no further integration is just as valid an option for many . 
  but your aware there are other countries against further integration too ? 
  so what you have a temper tantrum because you do n't get what you want ? 
  you act like further integration is your right , we have the right to be in the eu and support the status quo . 
  alot of these problems we wanted no part of and were ridiculed for it at the time , not joining the euro ? 
  we were ridiculed , schengen , ridiculed . 
  i 'm a remain voter by the way but pro eu reform . 
  but talking about us being unhelpful on things we were against that then turned out to be bad ideas is absurd . 
  the uk needs to get its act together with things like voting g shit head ukip members into our eu seats but i hate this circle jerk that the uk 's the only member against further integration . 
  or that it 's somehow a bad member for not partaking in ideas like the euro and the little open borders experiment that have been shown to have serious structural flaws, 
  france actually asks/has as many concessions as the uk , but do n't let that get in the way of the anti uk circle jerk that 's taken over this sub recently, 
  the uk might be opposed to further integration and certainly the loudest ( by its size and economy ) , but it 's not the only one . 
  the scandinavian members are against further integration as were the irish and several other members . 
  so they should go too for not agreeing to federalisation or further integration ? 
  i know it wo n't happen , it would require spain respecting the right to self determination.why not give catalonia their vote ? 
  what you afraid of ? 
  need to help keep our less prosperous southern neighbours floating . 
  20 % of spains gdp from catalonia , thats proportionally higher than madrid in case you needed to check . 
   and remember to vote brexit dunno , you need as many wealthy members of the eu as possible to help bail your junk economy out when the richest part of your country leaves ( oh wait you wo n't give them the choice ), 
  germanys ' military is definitely not on the same level as the uk or that of france , pretty common knowledge . 
  global military rankings would also disagree with the assessment of medium power . 
  when only 4 or 5 other countries on the planet are above you then you 're not really a medium power . 
  not a major nationalist btw , just find this false, 
  difficult but i think alot of people here in the uk would n't be as against freedom of movement if the eu were willing to secure the external borders . 
  an image of being able to practically walk all the way across europe without even being an eu citizen has been built up in people 's heads . 
  agreed !, 
  we 're building aircraft carriers , f-35 's and pretty soon starting our next generation of nuclear submarines , and they all cost a buttload !, 
  modernising some of ee 's militaries and bring in them up to scratch with others like france and the uk would be horrifically expensive , and that 's just in terms of hardware.im pretty sure that training has alot more invested into it by some countries . 
  and that 's before you look at specialised military units like the french special forces , the sas or danish frogmen . 
  modern militaries are expensive as can be . 
  it hurts my brain to even think of the planning it would require, 
  im not apologising , but your being a selectively biased in your examples . 
  there are many modern institutions with arguably dark periods in their history , the luftwaffe still exists in germany , political parties are another great example . 
  but i digress , i 'm not defending the church or their actions centuries before i was born , im defending the right for countries to acknowledge the important roles they 've played historically in founding and shaping our cultures and history . 
  do n't care , if they actually find that offensive they need to grow thicker skin plus the fact that finding something ` offensive ' dosnt necessarily mean its right to be removed . 
  as i said im atheist and i am not offended . 
  there are a lot of other countries that have religious symbols in their flags and coats of arms that are non european , ( israel etc. ), 
  should we preach to them how naughty and inconsiderate they are for not accounting for everyones feelings over flags etc. 
  i 'm an atheist but i would n't want them removed , its an incredibly important aspect of nearly every european countries heritage and culture that i expect is far more interwoven into the foundations of society than we realise . 
  i do n't identify as christian but i 'd by living if the concept of christian culture/history was n't a conflicting thought . 
  so please , speak for yourself, 
  i suppose your right , at least the roads exist , now kerry ... that 's a different matter, 
  source ?
