  but who gets to decide on even closer union ? 
  that was n't the point nor how the eu was sold , which former british politicians had a hand in too i 'm aware . 
  it 's a two sided coin , because you want closer union you should get it ? 
  because we do n't we should leave ? 
  explain the fairness in that ? 
  i do n't know , some american comedy is great , i often watch conan o brien and think he 's pretty great , this video was just shite however, 
  the only one i can think of that i personally heard of was to do with how long after joining the eu did germany allow free movement of people from certain eastern european countries into germany ( i believe they said only after xx number of years of membership , while uk and france let them move almost immediately following membership ), 
  and the raf i believe also gave air support in the form of lending hercules aircraft , however acting like is a 1 way street is ridiculous , us power projection capabilities requires foreign bases like the uk 's ascension island and diego garcia . 
  i said the uk and france together are very formidable and i maintain that , you also seem to think alot higher of russian capabilities than most , russia had a highly defensive military . 
  they 're dropping 1970 's left over stockpiled munitions in syria . 
  but i doubt you 'll be happy until i declare them both useless without the us, 
  could n't resist blowing your own trumpet ? 
  :p that 's because libya was a half assed mess in which only air force resources were utilised . 
  there was no proper commitment beyond let 's bomb and see what happens . 
  shamefully i think they intentionally dragged their heels with commitments to ensure american assistance . 
  i do n't think these militaries are incapable regardless of how much you 'd like to think it , a counter argument could be to look how well the french handled themselves in mali ? 
  air wise there was never any argument that the us would make things far easier , they 've mastered logistics in a way no other country has ever before . 
  that and alot of our almissilea etc are american made, 
  careful now !, 
  i disagree about relying on usa , theres several competent militaries in europe , mainly the french and the uk . 
  in principal i have no issue with an eu army but the big problem is why would any country that dosnt meet its nato commitments suddenly start meeting an eu army commitment instead ? 
  i would be for this army as long as it was n't heaped onto the uk and france to have to contribute most . 
  and what about overseas territories ? 
  would german or spanish troops fight argentina ( hypothetically ) over the falklands ? 
  same for french and dutch overseas territories . 
  some of my most accomplished drinking has been done with poles !, 
  god bless your iron bellies and persuasion towards strong spirits !, 
  agreed , so in other words it is ok to be upset about cheap foreign labour undermining local wages ? 
  because your initial comment did n't seem to reflect that , came across as a chip in your shoulder comment with your massive generalisations of brits . 
  bingo , boozy holidays + cheap prices leads to this kinda shitty behaviour . 
  im not overly polite but i do know that kinda behaviour even when pissed as a fart is not ok . 
  i 've gone a little further abroad and met brits in vietnam and even in south africa who were on holiday but acted entirely differently and did n't make shit heads of themselves than those i met in spain or the south of france . 
  another part could well be is that theres no serious repercussions generally . 
   other countries , like japan , apologize and move on . 
  apologised ? 
  they try to hide the fact of what their imperial army did all over mainland asia from their children by ignoring it in history books . 
  refusing to apologise over the widespread use of ` comfort women ' ( essentially foreign sex slaves ) for decades . 
  im not sure the glossy tinted glasses you are using to look at japan with but please continue blindly ignoring reality . 
  we know it was horrific ... what point are you trying to make here ? 
  one could see the rape of nanking as just as horrific in its methods and look at the numbers killed then . 
  does how horrific the holocaust was make the armenian genocide any less horrific and unworthy of recognition ? 
  could never afford the fair, 
  in my opinion bombing a country back to the stone age , invading and then leaving is pretty much as bad . 
  at this point your just arguing semantics, 
  well til , here in the uk , the battle of britain is taught as being won by the invention of radar and the blood curling sound of a spitfire in all its bad assery . 
  so the netherlands are good at the ol anti aircraft then !, 
  renewables are a bit of a smokescreen , the only question is where we generate our baseline load from , be it nuclear or fossil fuels , right now renewables can not fill that gap even were we to increase investment tenfold . 
  ah interesting , well before my time , i 'm only 23 so i just assumed it was an irish currency , with the majestic stag , kingfisher and harp on the coins . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  the precourser of the euro was foreign ? 
  correct me if i 'm mistaken but was n't the irish punt ( fada on the u is missing , soz ) an irish currency ? 
  i dont agree with him but good way to cause more people like that to flock together is tell em they are stupid , their argument is invalid without any kind of merit without explaining why . 
  its a big part of the reason brexit was successful here ( poor people told they were ignorant racists for decades for disliking immigration ) and to a certain extent trumps success aswell . 
  i was a gaelscoil lad , is gort not hurt ? 
  gort s\u00e9 a chois ( he hurt his foot ), 
  in scotland he was n't cast in a particularly good light but they taught his crimes in ireland to us, 
  well said , and as a long time lurker you hit it right on the head in my opinion . 
  with regards to the uk part i found it particularly sad that after coming here for years , voting remain and enjoying many interesting discussions here , the sheer hostility that erupted post brexit felt pretty bad and alienating , i doubt i 'm the only one who felt that way . 
  like you im for the eu but believe in reform . 
  it 's hard to avoid echo chambers but if i felt like that and voted remain , what chance do we have of encouraging good discussion , learning etc. 
  with those that fall outside the echo chambers dogma ? 
  point being im not a brexiteer or in anyway british nationalist . 
  source on dsge claim ? 
  i doubt it provides more than gchq . 
  not patriotic more factual , but i suppose it 's easier to try refute me that way than providing actual facts . 
  in a situation where each country did as much as the others with regards to intel gathering and analysis you would be right but in the eu the uk does the vast majority of it . 
  a remain voter and i support scottish independence but the irony of a group of people that have accused the uk of wanting to cherry pick the good parts of the eu while themselves then turning around and wanting to cherry pick and keep the best of the uk 's contributions is hypocrisy at its finest . 
  honest question , should britain just continue to provide free intelligence to the rest of the eu for nothing even if they are getting the finger on trade deals ? 
  im a scot , remain voter and long term visitor and fan of this sub , but my god is this how much of an echo chamber it 's become ? 
  this is like the bullshit brexiteers sprouted before the referendum , a little googling would have shown you that british pensioners in spain 's healthcare is covered by the uk already , and them returning as a result would hit spain harder when they leave with their pensions . 
  fucking feels before reals in this sub , hmmm is this point factually bullshit ? 
  yes , but does it bash the uk ? 
  yes !, 
  well then upvote away regardless . 
  a quarter scottish ? 
  sound like an american mate . 
  basically federalism might have worked but we were given so many promises in 2014 that frankly many here now wo n't trust shit that comes out of anyone within the conservatives & labour parties were they to offer it . 
  you speak on an emotional argument so heres a counter one ... we were threatened in 2014 with `` if you vote to leave the uk then you have to leave the eu too '' ... we then vote overwhelmingly to remain in the eu and get dragged out by little englanders anyway . 
  you have to see the irony in that . 
  you think we 're similar enough that we should just stay together for that sake alone , but i actually lived in ireland for 11 years and find that culturally we 've a lot more incommon with them than england . 
  politically england keeps swinging to the right while we up here have a tendency to vote more to the left . 
  and over and above that being treated like condescending little children and only taken seriously on our opinions when independence is a worry for westminster is a serious pain in the ass . 
  the eu saying it would n't hamstring scotland is n't the same as promoting a break up . 
  as a scot its nice to know we will be treated like fuckin people as opposed to a bargaining chip.also the uk dos n't have a lot of swing to cause a break up in europe , not like russia did in ukraine ( lets be honest ukraine was a much much softer target for russia than western europe would be or the uk even if they were petty enough to try it ) unless the mod decide its time to invade normandy again, 
  haha your basically conjuring the idea i think the uk has a better stockpile of nuclear weapons because i wrote the uk first ? 
  i wrote the uk first probably because i live here but to be honest i did n't even think that their might be a secret hidden meaning to the order they were typed in . 
  the only one even making that claim seems to be you . 
  but anyway it 's clear your perception of history is non existant if it does n't match your retoric, 
  when did i put the uk ahead of us in terms of capabilities ?? 
  did ... did you get that from the fact i wrote uk first ? 
  him not for with holding information but neither do i agree that the uk intelligence services , and let 's be honest they are very good at what they do , should be provided 0 value in the negotiations if they are providing solid info to other eu members while at the same time getting 2 fingers from the eu on trade deals . 
  alot of people here hold the view ` uk should continue giving intelligence for free because it 's the right thing to do ... even if we lower their standard of living through sub par trade deals ', 
  but you do n't seem to grasp that not sharing intelligence is not equivalent to invading another country ... in fact it 's a ridiculous parallel to draw . 
  the uk has nukes which no one else but the french in the eu have ... does that mean it 's a strength and we 're threatening to nuke mainland europe ? 
  by your logic ... perhaps !, 
  your making my point for me , from 2017 the uk will have a thousand troops in poland , along with estonia and latvia as well as raf fighters too ... you do n't see the uk , france or the us begging for a few thousand polish troops to be deployed in their countries ... why ? 
  because they do n't need em ... and that 's before we even go into the incredibly costly nuclear umbrella that nato provides from the uk , us and french nuclear stockpiles . 
  for effective purposes the west pays for eastern european defence, 
  you need to find a better history teacher , the uk was not attacked by germany until after it had declared war on germany because of the invasion of poland . 
  also acting like poland did n't want nato troops stationed in it is a [ lie ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/amp/uk.mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idukkbn0uh0ig20160103 ),
