  give me one example from a modern/developed country in the last 30 years then please ? 
  otherwise quit your drama stirring, 
  source ? 
  we 're in uncharted waters here matey !, 
  your forgetting the fact that in 2014 `` leave the uk and you leave the eu '' was shovelled down our throats ... to say the current situation is n't horribly unfair given the overwhelming remain vote in the eu referendum, 
  true , but i 'd take the french economy ministers say on it over a random redditor, 
  genuine question , does it require alot of smarts not to be picked up by the security services in alot of countries when trying to buy illegal weapons , especially in countries with strict gun control laws like in most of western europe ? 
  i 'd like to hope my government would see tackling black market weapons as a bigger priority rather than passing draconian surveillance laws in the name of public safety . 
  im a remain voter but the attitude of `` adopt the same stance as us or get out '' kinda seems hypocritical , you act like the brits are the only euroskeptic countries in the eu , the irish and a large part of scandinavia were against further integration . 
  you 've painted a really black and white picture . 
  i do n't think people here want your sympathy , but a little more empathy from all parties and i do n't think the eu and britain would be in this mess . 
  edit : just read further down and you 've already acknowledged that federal europe supporters are a minority , so basically as long as you get what you want be damned to everyone else ? 
  my dad flew from ascension wit the raf during the falklands ... he said the turtles their were awesome , 10/10 would go back to see turtles he says !, 
  yes correct but ` would germany spend as little ? ', 
  is the other side of that coin . 
  if shit hit the fan germany would be of little use militarily compared to the us , uk and france so yeah they do take advantage of their allies military in the form of security provided . 
  im guessing you did n't hear , but the early estimates that the young did n't turn up to vote turned out to be false entirely ... perhaps the fact that the elderly outnumber the youth vote in this country played a part, 
  no worries , was n't sure if you were to trolling or not , so i just keep a light hearted approach . 
  it defuses shit :d, 
  this goes past the normal political bullshit though , they told us we were out if the eu if we left , now it looks like if we stay we 're out . 
  so yeah ignore those convenient facts because they do n't fit your narrative !, 
  hahahahaha :') if i 'm the sucker that makes you doubly because i 'm going to get a re-run xd and theres nothing you can do about it !, 
  wahey , get it up you !, 
  haha you mean the one where we were being told we 'd lose our eu membership if we left the uk ? 
  is that the one your referring to ? 
  my fucking referendum ? 
  why does it even bother you then if your not a scot ? 
  we wo n't , as an independence supporter i do n't think we will or should , if the uk government , which has cried the nobility of the right to self determination for decades ( gibraltar , falklands ) , refuses a referendum then it just helps the cause . 
  the top one looks ... so soviet, 
  theres a big old orthodox looking church up a hill in helsinki that i think looks nicer than 90 % of these ... 
  ah sorry , i did n't understand the context . 
  i was just up . 
  yeah im not understanding this whole `` scottish economy down the drain '' chat that some people have going on ... kinda implies that its not already heading down the drain with the rest of the uk 's due to brexit . 
  at least this way we can choose ourselves, 
  what do you mean about the us , finland and estonia ? 
  ah yes , the ` wait until everyone else has battered the shit out of each other and then step in and pretend we did it all ' american approach to ww2 i see . 
  the soviets sacrificed more and achieved more in ww2 in regards to defeating the nazis . 
  the battles fought in western europe were horrific but not on the scale of what was seen when the russians and nazis locked horns in earnest . 
  you have a weird freedom boner on the go and i 'm not sure you chose the right subreddit to appease it/troll . 
  not gon na lie i 'm very keen on an independent scotland , work wise i work in sustainable energy so its still going to be around regardless , i was n't alive during the 80 's either . 
  i have no qualm with money being sent to poorer areas either , i was more trying to show it 's not as simple as it sounds . 
  and yes scotland is eventually going to have to come to terms with some harsh spending realities if we go independent , but the number of hypotheticals it involves makes long term forecasting rather difficult . 
  on the subject of wales and funding however i 'm finding it hard to sympathise at this particular moment in time , in a sad way when the axe comes down i 'd at least like them to acknowledge that they voted for it , learn a lesson from it ... and acknowledge that although the whole referendum was a stupid idea by westminster , its ultimately the people in certain parts of the uk that went for it ( i think they will still blame westminster and refuse to acknowledge their role in how they voted as being highly culpable ), 
  if i 'm honest i would agree except for the fact that with all the oil we have and have had over the last 30 years , the lack of a sovereign oil wealth fund ( asked for but denied by thatchers government ) means i think we are owed a little more . 
  either way with regards to funding i think its going to change soon anyway , federalisation perhaps but most probably scotland out , so problem solved for you :d, 
   i 'm welsh myself and wales would likely benefit hugely from any major changes as we 're accepted to contain some of the poorest parts of the country that would benefit from extra support . 
  sooo scotland gets extra money = bad ( we also raise way more per head in tax than wales ) but your saying extra money for wales = good ?? 
   and its in everyone 's interests to leave on good terms and for everyone to strike the best deal it can hopefully the rest of the uk bears this approach when scotland and maybe northern ireland break away . 
   if the brits think he is a charming chap how insightful for you to draw that conclusion off of 1 british redditors comment . 
  i think independence will occur in the next 25 years , i could be wrong , it could never happen , it could happen much sooner . 
  but in 25 years time if we 're not independent i will be very surprised . 
  i studied environmental science at university , i worked in energy sustainability programs for a a few very large private companies in 2014/115 , finished that this year in january as my contrast expired . 
  i 'm currently in the process of deciding whether or not to go back and do my msc this september or wait until 2017 and work for another year and build a better experience base for life after my masters . 
  i 'm volunteering at an eco charity my friend runs this summer  . 
  progress for me is a wide range of things , at home it means things like giving our young the best possible set off in life and that means free education at a university level , primary learning similar to fin lands , . 
  high taxes on high earners , safe social security thats used to actually address the causes of why someones unemployed and how to develop their skills . 
  i think the opportunities that were awarded to me solely because i went to a nice school schooled be available to everyone , none of the post code lottery crap . 
  on a global scale its about being an outward looking country , i think freedom of movement and trade are fantastic . 
  i know many of the flaws with the eu but for all that the benefits were ignored for so long by parts of the country . 
  this place was a mess economically in the 70 's prior to joining the eu . 
  i 'm not saying it was 100 % the eu that caused the massive lift but it was definitely the primary cause from what i have gathered reading and talking to others . 
  and a lot of the problems it currently has i feel given 20 years will actually have been resolved . 
  i definitely want scotland still a part of that and so do the majority of scots , especially the young ( according to how they poll , same the wee shits wo n't turn up to vote when it matters ) . 
  i hope no one is trying to sweep it under the carpet . 
  the vast vast majority of people here hope the perps get shafted by the long dick of the law . 
  well right now she 's the only political leader with any kinda plan , the party promised to pursue another independence referendum if we were dragged out of the eu against our will . 
  im only 23 , i 've grown up in a scotland with far more sovereign powers than my dad di ( mums irish ) so i do n't have a major attachment to the uk as a whole and more scottish and then european before british so do n't hold major emotional attachment to the uk , nor do i hold ill will towards it . 
  im also a firm believer in social democracy and the most successful of these are small population northern european with minimal conflict involvement like scandinavia . 
  i do n't for a second believe things independence would suddenly turn us into a glowing booming country like norway , but i think its the start . 
  with no offence to the elderly , but i know that the younger generation here in scotland are a lot more progressive and feel in the long run thats where this country will head as a result . 
  the snp have a lot of shortcomings but they provide the steppingstones towards the scotland i 'm after . 
  if independence comes to fruition i 'd like to see a healthy scottish greens and labour flourish along with any more moderate right wing party ( scottish conservatives if they could survive independence ), 
  yup and thats because the scottish parliament is designed to prevent majority governments , and i 'm not too phased first minister is still snp despite your info !, 
  what ? 
  mate i voted to remain . 
  my mum is irish , my dad scottish , my step mum finnish . 
  i could n't give a badgers bawsack where someone 's from or what they look like . 
  i think the whole affair awful . 
  this exactly !, 
  as a scot i feel pissed and angry and a fair bit sad ... and drunk . 
  but these people who were ignored for decades by our politicians , spoon fed drivel.abput how our problems were caused by the eu for decades . 
  in scotland we have the snp as a healthy outlet to bash westminster . 
  the working class in england and wales have no such thing sadly . 
  they hit out to hurt the establishment in the only way they could . 
  sadly they nut punched the entire country while at it, 
  source ? 
  i do n't want them to delay , the beds been made and now the shits can lie in it ( potentially dragging us and northern ireland with em ) but im not sure wherw your getting your ` certainly ' from ? 
  that 's because i do n't think such an argument exists . 
  i 'd be laughing if i was n't crying because the whole affair looks like it was written for monty python . 
  oh man i 'm actually terrified at the moment . 
  the only possible silver lining is that i 'm scottish so hopefully not as economically illiterate as our southern neighbours and with a stab at remaining as an independent bunch of lads !, 
  your in a minority then mate, 
  yes he does , my original point was on making sure you realise that letting the uk set the conditions will embolden euroskeptics so for brussels to do so would be stupid . 
  no special treatment . 
  they knew it was a risk though ... the scottish government was voted in under a manifesto that basically said they would only seek independence from the uk in `` the event of a change in material circumstances such as scotland being forced out of the eu against its will, 
  i think we could very well be looking at the break up of the uk if i 'm honest , people here are generally pretty damn positive in their outlook of the eu , 62 % voted to remain and of the 38 % leave ... alot of it was a protest vote . 
  i think if push comes to shove and article 50 is triggered then thats it , a much older union comes to an end . 
  many here i think would choose scottish and european over scottish and british . 
  before the referendum that might not have been the case . 
  the uk you mean ?
