  ahaha alliances with me ? 
  the point being you said that in the first 8 months nothing happened . 
  what about the 48 months of the war ? 
  when they were fighting the germans after declaring war on them for invading poland . 
  who said anything about not fulfilling nato obligations ? 
  ( or pay to defend eastern europe as it 's known here ), 
  haha wow so the first 8 months , educate yourself , the war lasted 6 years not just 8 months . 
  i suppose it does n't matter how long it lasted from a polish perspective when you were little more than a speed bump between moscow and berlin ... nothings changed, 
   guess that would be fitting , really shows how worthless of an ally britain would be if anything serious happened . 
  ironic from a pole considering the exact event that led us to declare war on germany in 1939, 
  or they could be simply pointing out what they do bring to the table ... so the uks intelligence contributions should be awarded 0 value in your opinion ? 
  no one has said that , stop setting up arguments no one has made . 
  im a remain voter but jesus , implying that the uk should pay for and provide free intelligence is nuts . 
  intelligence sharing between countries is a privilege . 
  we do n't share our intelligence with the vast majority of countries . 
  its a joke, 
  what , hardly online warriors , we do n't expect to change anything by discussing it amongst ourselves, 
  yes !, 
  met a guy from county clare when i was in cambodia , uses irish to discuss locals , other backpackers and for a fuckload of bitching about people that were close by . 
  your absolutely correct , we shun the horror of the concentration camps and the soviet gulags but do n't seem to give a flying fuck that generations of one family can be sentenced to life in north korean work camps . 
  children are born and live their lives never getting out of these camps . 
  what makes it worse than the concentration camps is that the nazis were powerful in a way north korea can never be , all that 's lacking to deal with nk is the ability to get china and the us to cooperate, 
  eu members agreed to that when they joined , the situations are completely different , your trying to make a point by joining events where only the vaguest of parallels exist . 
  i agree with you but an interesting side note is that the scottish green party who are pro scottish independence puts it at over 50 % of the population voting for pro independent candidates, 
  this attitude goes down really well on this subreddit because its anti-brit which is super hot right now but as a remain voter , who 's a big supporter of scottish independence and who happens to have been raised in ireland , you need to not cherry pick your historical facts . 
  modern brits owe fuck all to northern ireland . 
  sins of the father shit helps no one . 
  wales would be smithers !, 
  2 guess ' as to mr burns !, 
  i do n't agree that 's the reality of the uk , i have no i 'll will towards the english but the ' well were in this together ' argument allows to forget the fact several countries are being dragged out . 
  and amicable split to a leave voter is generally '' give us everything we want or your just being spiteful eu ! '', 
  then it 's hardly accurate , the uk 's constituent countries are not in agreement on this , because england 's population wants out and is i the majority does n't lend to a unanimous ` we ' , this has been the most divisive vote in living memory and the impression you give with we is that were all in this together rooting for it when reality in the uk is far far from that . 
  by we i assume your referring to england and wales ? 
  really its a lie ? 
  ok well then , one of the biggest supporters of joining scotland and the england at the time noted that at least 3/4 of the country ( scotland ) were against it . 
  its not even difficult research its commonly accepted fact that their was majority opposition amongst the peasantry in scotland . 
  so i 'm lying because it dos n't suit your narrative ? 
  pathetic . 
  edit : [ heres some easy reading on it , follow the sources for verification or you know try a google search before claiming people are lying because it does n't suit your views , iv a bunch of other sources if you feel its a conspiracy and everyones lying to you ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acts_of_union_1707#scottish_perspective ), 
  i spent 12 years in ireland , grew up their ( in cork where mums from ) then moved back to glasgow at 17 . 
  i see alot more similarities between ireland and scots than i do between england and scotland . 
  what differences do you see between england and the roi ? 
  see you 've presented an argument here against views i do n't hold . 
  i 'm talking about when it was actually signed as in the day . 
  at no point did i attempt to mask any of scotland part in the empire , nor would i . 
  and funnily enough , i 'm an irish citizen , raised a cork man since 6 . 
  i 'm 24 , to be honest the english trade route / empire , we contributed enough to that , it was ours too . 
  we fought to build that empire , and defend it , my grandad flew lancaster 's in the second world war , my dads an raf veteran too ( flew nimrods ) . 
  but that empire is gone , countries change , mature and their views and vision change too , scotland today is very differnet to england . 
  it 's not a bad thing , just different is all . 
  i 'd expect us to retain close ties with england and would want to . 
  look at how violent the republic of irelands break from the uk was ... that type of bad blood would n't exist and today the roi and the uk get on well . 
  peg our own currency to the pound , similar to the irish punt in the short term . 
  long term i 'm unsure . 
  your actually one of the few people iv chatted to that seem up for actual conversation as opposed to taking it as a personal slight to england . 
  i think an independent scotland would be good for england , an snp type party , where labour should be could do really well imo . 
  will it ? 
  history lesson , the day the act of union was signed , effectively creating the uk , their was rioting in the streets of edinburgh and glasgow . 
  the only people that wanted it were rich landowners and nobility , not the ordinary folk and them in the majority . 
  shows you what the union is built on, 
  i support ireland as i spent a huge chunk of my childhood in cork watching o ' gare and o'driscoll rocking the pitch . 
  scotland need to sort out their forwards , relying to much on one or two can be disasterous as the france match showed on sunday . 
  as for the indi question , well as i said the unionist vote is an aged vote and if you look at support for independence over the last 30 years it 's gone from below 20 % to 45ish % so long term trends continuing , i think it will happen . 
  only if i get to put my money down for england to win the 6 nations , what a team this year . 
  the match against wales was something else . 
  my political guesses might n't be as accurate but i will be genuinely surprised and a touch sad if scotland 's not independent by 2030, 
  i think we will , simply because demographically what lost it last time was the pensioners vote , the under 45 's were overwhelmingly for independence , as time progresses that overwhelming pro unionist elderly vote will die out, 
  i 've lived in england ( kent ) , love visiting england , like the people , funny , easy to engage with and usually up for some good banter ( especially around now with the six nations in full swing :d ) but i hate the system , in scotland we 've swung to the left while england has definitely slowly been moving right . 
  if i 'm honest i wanted devo max in 2014 , cameron refused to offer it as it had a really good chance of winning ( it was a good compromise ) , so i voted for independence . 
  as a result of brexit i would only vote independence now . 
  yes a third of scots voted to leave but close to 65 % is still an overwhelming supermajority.and sticking through the bad times sure but scotland made it known in 2014 that eu membership was important to us , we made it clear again in the referendum , the current government is completely ignoring that fact . 
  half my family are irish and now theirs a really good chance this brexit vote will mean crossing a hard border as a result . 
  i do n't want scottish independence to ever be seen as a middle finger to the english , its not , for me its entirely about scotlands potential as a country , we 're a small population country with strong social values much like scandinavian country , good natural resources and the brains to get by . 
  the uk was meant to be a partnership of nations but when the largest population member has its way consistently then people in england use the excuse `` but we 're one nation etc. '', 
  to conveniently allow scottish ? n.irish etc. 
  voices to be over ruled . 
  i do n't think people in england would be happy if the other 3 members dictated everything . 
  looking towards the eu is n't disloyal , its about wanting to be an open , outwards facing country . 
  it 's not about loyalty . 
  you still did n't answer my question about what you think of english politicians threatening scotland 's place in the eu had they left ... 
  i call it disloyal to use that as a threat to keep us to stay and then drag us out against our will anyway . 
  the loyalty thing is absurd , we did n't call the eu referendum ... a party that has virtually no seats in scotland did , scots reject the idea of leaving eu , party that then does not represent us forces us out anyway ... come on , it 's easy to use that ` loyalty ' thing to try gather an emotional responses but it does n't stand up to questioning . 
  ah but that answers a cop out , how do you respond to the fact that english politicians repeatedly threatened in 2014 that an independent scotland would be forced to leave the eu , and now we 're being dragged out by england anyway . 
  you ca n't call that loyalty or fairness . 
  it 's easy to use emotional tags like disloyal etc. 
  but i do n't think it 's fair when you consider the above, 
  yes and how in all serious does that imply harm , the eu embracing scotland would be a fuck you to the uk but only if you ignore the fact that it was n't scotland that voted to leave a union ... 
  so scotland should sit down , shut up and ignore the fact that the majority of the country are wanting to remain in the eu . 
  the remain ( in the eu ) side actually campaigned that scotland and n. ireland might leave were a brexit result to materialise . 
  so at which point does it stop becoming g the eu/scotland etc. 
  harming the uk and more about the fact the uk has harmed itself far more , economy were potentially heading for stormy seas , socially the young and the old are now so split politically that it would take a miracle to reconcile the two , on a national level the uk has been split down the line with n. ireland and scotland on one side of the brexit vote and england and wales on the other . 
  it was n't scotland or the eu that led us here, 
  however i do irriterate that scotlands place in the uk is much more comprehendible to the average voter than the uk in the eu question . 
  still neither should ever been left down to two completely polar answers, 
  would be a good warning if we did n't have a bunch of austerity loving loons in government . 
  at least with the eu theirs a feeling of community and at least a form of say . 
  brexits shown the tories simply do n't give a shit about scotland and it 's views . 
  also sick of snide buggers online using `` scotland choose to stay in 2014 knowing brexit was a possibility so suck it up '' while they completely ignore the fact that the westminster parties used `` leave the uk and you 'll be forced out of the eu '' as a central argument against independence ... 
  the irony is fucking hilarious, 
  hardly a question of loyalty , maybe if i spun it as , the brexit result has split the uk , let 's see if england 's truly loyal to scotland and fights to keep her in the eu .
