  its not a cheap place but its soo god damn unique, 
  its a fucking tasty delight !, 
  why not ? 
  back up your statement with reason.i would guess that the spikes secure the blocks to the sea bed and prevent them from slowly being moved by tidal action . 
  from a biology students point of view anything that aides species rehabilitation is ecologically positive . 
  its not about the fish in this case its about helping to rebuild the populations of things such as barnacles , many shellfish , algae etc. 
  which are utilised as a food source by a variety of organisms , not just your typical fish but rays , eels etc , as well . 
  provides shelter for breeding and from predators , also provides a hard surface for creatures such as sponges , anemones and many shellfish ( which were probably thriving before the area was heavily trawled ) to become established . 
  in all they are pretty good in regards to ecological health, 
  yeah , no one else does any sort of spying apart from the uk and us, 
  christiania is a pretty aluring spot for backpackers !, 
  i really do n't know why you 're being down voted . 
  stick to your points ( guns did n't seem appropriate ) , it was well said, 
  thats a fairly snide view , especially with the rising anti merkel sentiment across europe . 
  the pound has a high level of support in the uk because it 's a strong currency and has allowed us to keep a better level of control over our economics . 
  we were laughed at when we did n't advocate for the euro , not any more . 
  but the fundamental point being made here is that this is n't america , something like this will generally just antagonise europeans and get their backs up . 
  it 's basically the fact that while christianity is supposed to guide you islam decides your life , it is not compatible with democracy in my belief as its not just a moral code like christianity , it has its own rules for banking , justice and philosophy , while christianity does aswell , christians in europe do n't expect they 're politics to be influenced heavily by religion , while muslims do . 
  in some areas of london non muslims have been harassed and threatened as a result of not following sharia law in muslim neighbourhoods , its an ideology in that it governs your life far more than christianity, 
  the australian model would be absolutely fine even with smugglers sinking boats , you simply rescue , and return to point of origin . 
  but the issue arises hugely from the fact that the majority of people streaming in are not syrian . 
  a huge number are economic and rhetoric encouraging refugees from syria has led to a huge number of varied nationalities streaming into europe . 
  the solution ? 
  take refugees directly from the un camps , one of the few things the uk has done that was smart during this ordeal . 
  german rhetoric has encouraged people to make perilous journeys . 
  the mere fact that 80 % of those reaching europe are young men between 20-30 years old should set alarm bells ringing , the woman and children are left in the camps.along with the fact the journey is expensive and requires money , ca n't imagine why a certain country would encourage the more wealthy/better educated to come s / . 
  we 've seen those breaking multiple eu countries laws rewarded while the most vulnerable have been left behind . 
  and what has happened to those countries trying to follow the rules and law ? 
  hungary , they 've been criticised by what has been a thoroughly biased media . 
  should we take in refugees ? 
  yes , but not from those already in europe . 
  thats simply rewarding them for not following both eu and un rules on claiming asylum . 
  help and pick from the camps . 
  and we definitely do n't need any of the fracturing statements that have come from several prominent politicians about cutting members that refuse quotas eu funds . 
  it would n't work for a number of reasons but would also have countries like the uk and denmark who are net contributors laughing their asses off . 
  i agree with you on alot here , the german response abroad has been terrific . 
  and so has the number of asylum seekers that have been taken in . 
  but comparing how many asyl seekers your country takes in to others is part of the problem . 
  because its something germany does and the german people support dos n't mean that other countries that do n't follow this practise are wrong . 
  attempting to align everyone to the german and swedish compass has led to alot of resentment . 
  when you compared the uk 's 20,000 to germany 's all i could think was ' well good for you germany , enjoy that ' . 
  i could spew facts similarly like the fact the uk has given more in financial aid to the syrian crysis than germany ? 
  it 's not a dick measuring contest and the level of support provided should reflect on the populations at homes mood and willingness to provide help and refuge . 
  but pie is delicious !? 
  only really works for the net contributers countries like denmark and the uk who put in more than they receive back . 
  i agree with you on camerons way of selecting refugees actually , it means that the most vulnerable receive the help . 
  currently alot of people think that because corbyns ' a traditional left wing , bordering on socialist , politician that means the rest of labour is as well which could n't be further from the truth . 
  theres a reason they earned the nickname red tories . 
  the way i see it : labour are a centre party . 
  tories : centre right . 
  snp : left . 
  ukip : right . 
  your entirely missing the point . 
  the traditional left is where corbyn sits . 
  the ` new ' labour left is not a proper representation , they are far more a centre party than a left wing party , picking and choosing from both sides of the political spectrum . 
  david cameron recently announced we would be taking in thousands of refugees ... must mean the tory party is left wing by your logic . 
  no need to be unpleasant when discussing these things . 
  labour havnt been a left wing party in decades . 
  the tories are ever so slightly centre right . 
  ukip yes are right wing but there 1 seat in parliament hardly justifies using them as the comparison as opposed i the labour and tories . 
  only proper left wing party with a decent number of seats in the uk i the snp . 
  corbin might be able to drag labour more to the left and their traditional roots but it will be a case of dragging them kicking and screaming, 
  pfft scotland here , i 'm guessing your in england ? 
  or australia 's !, 
  until another eu country hands them eu citizenship in a few years and they move here anyway . 
  it has happened before . 
  you still hav n't answered as to what the uk has done in syria ? 
  i 'm a rampant snp supporter and generally love the opportunity to have a go at westminster but your argument is lacking any form of substance . 
  you 've just sat and bashed without any actual proper argument . 
  i 'd happily sit an insult you back but i 'm not sure you would understand it . 
  i never said drought etc. 
  was the prevailing cause . 
  its just not as simple as you 're making it out to be . 
  funnily enough my dad 's a gulf war 1 veteran . 
  so which paradise are you from ? 
  ruined syria ? 
  i think you dont know enough about the shit storm of social factors in syria to comment so instead you decided to try and sound smart and failed . 
  you 've entirely ignored the arab spring and the effect it had in destabilising syria along with a huge number of other factors . 
  did you know that one of the worst droughts in syrias ' history drove thousand of people from the country side into the cities stirring tensions . 
  the joy of the internet is that its fairly easy to educate yourself by simply googling . 
  so i suggest you go educate yourself and then we can have a grown up conversation . 
  who shat in your cornflakes ? 
  its easy to pick the negative aspects of a countries past and criticise them for it . 
  has the uk done some nasties in the past hell yeah , no ones denying it ... do i give a flying fuck ? 
  why should i ? 
  should japanese people feel bad about death marches ? 
  germans about the holocaust ? 
  your ` sins of the father ' argument is a little lacking in substance , kinda sounds like you 've looked for any reason to criticise , and do n't get me wrong there are plenty of perfectly valid reasons to criticise the uk but you 've just not been able to facilitate the thinking up of any . i 've noticed you taking any opportunity to bash the uk in this thread . 
  so put your tin foil hat back on and go suck a bag of dicks . 
  the criticism from germany and sweden of the uk 's policy on immigration certainly helped fuel some flames . 
  i 'm pro eu and very pro refugees but the economic migrant issue europe faces has to be sorted . 
  the idea that someone can be denied access to the uk then wait 5 years for eu citizenship in some other eu country then migrating to the uk is absurd, 
  what parts ? 
  there are a bunch of empty newbuilds towns around rural ireland since the construction boom collapsed . 
  maybe that 's the wrong way of looking at it , let them know if they disprove it then they are out . 
  sack the footy , rugby world cup this year !, 
  i 'm expecting wonders from ireland, 
  politics is a bitch ai n't it ? 
  it 's a matter of perspective . 
  our parties are no where near as left leaning as in sweden and to openly support mass immigration here is political suicide .
