i generally assume they eusceptics in this country have n't a fucking clue about how international economics work and the huge damage an exit would do to us ( yeah we 'd hit the eu hard too but only in the cutting your nose off to spite your face way ) . 
  we 'd end up with germany as our biggest competitor along with the rest of the eu . 
  glad i have a british and an irish passport, 
  yeah an additional fee is one thing ... # 1.7 bn ( 2.2 bn euros ) is a lot to the british public , especially when we 've been through years of cuts and have more cuts forecast . 
  from the british publics perspective and i 'd say many in the netherlands swell , it feels like we 're being punished for doing better than other countries economically , especially when you consider that they 're back payments . 
  you have to remember the british economic plan was scoffed at by many in the eu and now that it 's proved to be effective we 're being punished for sticking to our guns . 
  i do n't want the uk to leave europe and i think cameron is attempting to avoid that by trying to stop this from being a muster call for ukip, 
  ireland 's not a member of nato, 
  oh definitely a stupid and pointless exercise , i know it 's happened several times here in the uk and recently enough because it was eurofighters sent to intercept and they are a pretty new addition to the fighter fleet . 
  but when it comes down to it , your right , its just super dickwaving, 
  the old russian bomber trick has been going on since the cold war . 
  the raf have regular incidents where they intercept russian bombers before they can reach the uk 's airspace . 
  i doubt the russian bombers would have continued into uk airspace anyhow . 
  it 's just their way of assessing response times . 
  as for the submarine , i 'm thinking it could be a huge embarrassment for the russian navy if its proven, 
  i think we could have pushed that way in scotland had things gone the way i wanted september 18th, 
  why are ukip here ? 
  the green party , sinn fein and the snp are all larger parties than ukip, 
  all we can expect o the uk ? 
  how is one article in any way a representation of the general feeling if the uk population ... 
  especially a shit article like this . 
  i come from a very pro-european state of the uk , scotland . 
  huge variance of opinion . 
  and do n't be stupid , if a huge member be it the uk , france etc. 
  were to leave it would have huge reprocussions for everyone , do n't make impassioned but stupid statements over a single article, 
  he is a nasty wee turd . 
  i do n't actually mind cameron as much as milliband . 
  he 's a shite bag but at least he knows it up here , milliband thinks people actually like him here . 
  i actually think his brother was better suited, 
  milibands refusing to sign up to it and cameron is declining the 2nd reading of a scotland bill in parliament . 
  already on the news . 
  i can only hope it helps drive a significant chunk of labour out of scotland, 
  that was also the claim made in 98 , last referendum to decide it , yesterday proved that wrong . 
  the yes side has consistently grown in size ( 45 % as of yesterday ) with each referendum . 
  if we do n't get our additional powers i 'm 100 % that in 10-15 years we will be an independent country, 
  im sorry to say i hope it does, 
  there have been 2 referendums previous to this one , there will be another . 
  with each campaign the yes vote has consistently increased . 
  next time its ours . 
  yeah because you were all keen to help before the japanese stuck a poker rod in the us pacific fleets ass, 
  would n't the rest of spain voting on the issue undermine the very core points of self determinism ? 
  in the uk i think it 's a well respected rule especially with the pointless loss of life enrolled from the falklands conflict to defend a peoples right to determine their nationality and house of government ? 
  or the opposite ? 
  germany is quite a useful place though , centralised and with a strong infrastructure to support fast deployment and logistics , also a us airbase in the uk has the range to cover most of europe . 
  between france , the uk and germany supported by the smaller nato members could most definitely deal with a russian invasion into europe , while russia would n't be able to attack europe and deal with a full blown us invasion from the east ( via alaska ) etc. ,, 
  do n't think i 'd want to anger the germans on that front, 
  what do we see as a joke ? 
  your just acting butthurt as you admitted , you sat and listed social problems ( heath and education etc. ), 
  in the us , truly the situation sucks , but why should we give a shit , my country pays above the amount needed on defence by nato ( 2 % of gdp ) , you use the word europe like its a country , our defences are vastly different in regards to efficiency and power projection capabilities across the continent . 
  `` then go ahead '' , yes good sir , i shall write to parliament first thing tomorrow to forward the motion of less american intervention in europe at the behest of the american who 's butthurt over the billion his government pledged, 
  and japan !, 
  hmmm yeah ... this sounds too suspicious , uk i 'm outta here, 
  apologies , besides thanks , goodbye etc. , its the only finnish word i know . 
  will brush up before my summer trip !, 
  i have to say fair play to them , i do n't blame the norwegian authorities for their decision , 130m is a hell of a depth especially in a cave system , forget the depth issues , caves can quickly turn into a maze , especially underwater where your perception of direction can really change . 
  glad the families will get to bury their loved ones . 
  the finns are one paska crazy fuckers though source : stepmom is an insane suomi, 
  not yet your not , 
  that we 're all racist assholes , why you foreign cunts got to think like that ? 
  i think the ` marshtown ' in cork in southern irelan is wrong , theres a small area within the city called togher , that i believe meant marsh ground bu not the entire city, 
  im not sure but `` rue '' means red of some kind , as fox is madra rue which is basically red dog . 
  not sure if theres a link their but could be, 
  you 'll find scots gaelic and irish gaeilge quite similar , i can do a small bit of scots due to the similarities but my irish is far better as a result of being brought up in a gaelscoil ( all irish speaking school ) in southern ireland, 
  i 'm a bit rusty , also have no idea how to type a fada in . 
  do n't get much practice living living in scotland , went to a gaelscoil in cork for 7 years though, 
  the fada tricks a lot of people, 
  usually it means '' the '', 
  exactly my thoughts , a yes vote in 2014 could potentially be a huge boost for catalonia 's independence drive, 
  okay , i was n't aware of that , i was simply asking if that could be a possible reason for the scoring , 
  could the number of devolved parliments we have had anything to do with it ? 
  nil !, 
  just because they have n't caught the german embessies abroad spying does n't mean it 's not happening , right ? 
  dude , i know where to buy irn-bru in helsinki, 
  iv family from finland and thats the general impression i get, 
  sweet , we 'll bring the whisky , at cheaper prices of course, 
  i speak gaelic so you 'll get your foreign language message, 
  stirling mate , yourself ? 
  i ' l get one to yeah from scotland mate , pm details , 
  well for one the outside the language , gaeilge is hugely culturally popular in ireland to the point that i now speak it fluently due to my upbringing their , in scotland a huge push is being put towards increasing the small population that speak it , the scots originally spread to scotland from ireland , however it can be seen in a huge number of names around scotland and on signs . 
  more so i think the smaller populations of each when compared to england is easily recognisable , in my opinion neither feel as crowded . 
  i 'm not some loon that dislikes the english at all , however there are some parts of england where iv felt ( particularily the north ) is more akin to scotland aswell, 
  does that not back up what im saying ? 
  but you cant really compare that as that would be personalities , try living in all 3 countries and you 'll probably get what i mean . 
  those are views in my opinion that revert back to religion , im thinking more along the lines of attitudes and day to day living . 
  the cultural point would probably best be displayed by the fact they speak a common tongue albeit different dialects . 
  with regards to religion the r.o.i does hold a little more ( too much in my opinion ) sway over policy but from what iv seen its loosing its hold in irish politics , especially with the whole hiding pedofile priests being protected from persecution scandal, 
  i ' v been raised in a scots irish house hold and have lived in ireland and scotland primarily but a bit in england aswell and iv always felt that the general people and day to day attitudes were more akin in scotland and ireland , maybe its a celtic thing . 
  but i do n't think that just because they are similar when compared to any where else in europe that makes them all that comparable . 
  i know the history and as for travelling europe iv done my share , funnily enough my step mums finnish , but anyways , i think if we 're doing comparisons then i think the scots and the irish have much more in common than the english-scots relationship, 
  actually i think the scots and irish have far more in common than the english and scots, 
  i dont know , but i still think theres a chance it could happen , 8 months ago i was pro-union , but now im all for independence , culturally we are just too different and our political ideals do n't match . 
  i have no issue with the english at all but when your being governed by a party in westminister that has been overwhelmingly rejected in scotland then perhaps its time to move on . 
  deep fried mars bar !, 
  thanks , are these all capable of delivering chem weapons ? 
  link ? 
  if you want to see some photos i have from the trip i ' l happily share . 
  and if you want to save my username and message me asking about incredible spots to see just message a bit closer to the time . 
  was doing university research out by eyjafjallajokull and in the markarflijot valley for a few weeks but had a good time exploring other areas also . 
  best of luck with your trip , it was an incredible experience, 
  spent some time their this summer , all i can say is do it .
