  im from cork city , but spent a lot of time in west cork as a kid . 
  the beaches are pretty spectacular and some of my favourite country pubs are out that way !, 
  stay , along with most people i know in my area, 
  i went home to cork a month back , decided to spend a few days in west cork , i genuinely think the last time they were surfaced was when horses were our man form of transport . 
  pots and kettles something something !, 
  i honestly ca n't speak but i do n't believe over a third of the country at least are xenophobic racists . 
  im from ireland originally and have never had any form of issue . 
  in a sense but very little ` british nationalism ' exists . 
  in my own opinion it would be more english nationalism under the guise of british . 
  individual states are fairly proud of being scottish , welsh etc. 
  but i rarely hear someone describe themselves as british . 
  agreed , im voting to remain but the number of ass hats who label the leave voters as `` xenophobic racists '' is astonishing , its their way of shutting down debate before it even begins by assuming the moral high ground before they 've even spoken to a leave voter . 
  ok we do n't have a problem with mass shootings , it does happen but its shocking , kinda just expect it in the states now to be sadly blunt, 
  because if he had screameed allah akbar while doing it this conversation would n't be taking place , everyone would have accepted it as terrorism . 
   adding caveats 2 years later is n't how promises work . 
  so politicians that brake promises are traitors ? 
  well line up every fucking politician from lands end to john o groats and point me to one that dosnt break promises and therefore is n't a ` traitor ' by your definition . 
  also if you do n't think being dragged out of europe against our will dosnt merit another referendum then then why was the threat ` leaving the uk will mean not having a guaranteed spot in the eu ' used in the 2014 indy referendum ? 
  so , if people in 2014 voted to stay after being told by major uk politician that they could be chucked out of the eu if they vote to leave , are then being faced with having to leave the eu anyway surely you can do some brain work and realise its not really fair . 
  say the majority of their support based wanted it on the agenda though , would n't it be undemocratic to ignore them ? 
  after a load of broken promises a referendum should n't be a major surprise . 
  we were threatened with `` leave and you might not be a part of the eu '' during the indy referendum , then with this referendum , pulling us out of europe against our wishes would kinda seem a little bit unfair . 
  if we were told countlessly by westminster that leaving the uk would mean leaving the european union but then westminster goes and takes us out any way then thats a pretty decent reason for another referendum ? 
  do n't you think ? 
  but by proxy , having looked at their contribution page showing the eu donates to msf a huge amount of money , we 're effectively paying for the treatment msf provides so either way its still the eu paying for it one way or another !, 
  i do n't believe any migrant has the right to just decide they want a place in europe , im for helping refugees but the way it was being done was ludicrous !, 
  more than half were n't even syrian aswell . 
  the turkey deal , while distasteful means that for everyone that arrives illegally and is sent back to turkey , a genuine syrian is taken into europe . 
  i do n't see the issue , msf have decided they own the moral high ground , well good for them , just not with eu taxpayer funds they wo n't . 
  im sure there are hundreds of other organisations working for good causes that would n't turn their nose up at such substantial sums of money . 
  but that analogy dosnt work very well , the eu is n't creating a flood of refugees ( and migrants ) , we give money to msf in dealing with a problem thats not of our making, 
  you act like things were all fine and dandy before the turkey deal . 
  agreed !, 
  several eu member states ( mine included ) have been bombing syria for a few years now , they did n't turn there nose up at the money then , but not opening our borders wide for anyone is the final straw ? 
  i do n't understand, 
  yup , one of the largest economies in the planet , one of the permanent un security council members , a nuclear armed state and with huge foreign influence is going to evaporate without the eu . 
  honestly i 'm voting to remain but sometimes people on this subreddit come across as spiteful as hell at points . 
  id say our economy would take a dive if we left but it still would n't be as bad as italys ' within the eu . 
  and i do n't mean that as an insult more as to provide context . 
  not on it own but it was definitely one of the most important , if not the most important players and i highlight the fact i said modern democracy . 
  and as for your question they do n't teach that in schools , they teach things like the first uk parliament in 1707 being the first of its kind following the act of union between scotland and england . 
  or look at the bill of rights from 1689 for another good example . 
  but i do like being told i 'm wrong when you 've brought literally no argument forward or points other than `` your wrong '', 
  what has the lisbon treaty got to do with this genuinely ? 
  the magna carte could be defined as the original constitution you dildo . 
  we should model ourselves after yugoslavia and its shining beacon of democracy, 
  well you my sister from another mister !, 
  hmmm your reasons are a little weird then , the english are pretty good neighbours , monarchy dosnt control shit , uk kinda founded modern democracy . 
  uk is strong but no more so than france or germany . 
  working in energy , renewables not oil but one thing is certain , the price of oil will go back up . 
  but i digress you sound super bitter almost resentful . 
  its like `` they 'll never survive without us ! '' . 
  i think financially it would have been bad for a number of years as the entire country builds its own financial system but that would hinder your image of an impoverished 3rd world country kept afloat only by the good grace of the english, 
  completely unrelated point , i 'm not a europhile by a long shot ... dont see how austerity in greece or ireland has to do with westminster cuts and scotland . 
  and tbh as someone raised in ireland i got ta say we dug our own hole with regards to austerity ... not the eus ' doing . 
  if you disagree explain to me how the eu pushed austerity on ireland ? 
  il take your expert opinion on it !, 
  but confusing , for as broke as we are we still pay more per head in tax than the [ rest of the uk ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-28879267 ) . 
  chip in the shoulder much ? 
  undergoing massive austerity ? ... 
  so not much different from what westminster been dishing out the last few years ? 
  you sound like a bitter ex ... pissed that people would even consider leaving your little paradise !, 
  support for the eu is higher in scotland than england , thats pretty well known mate, 
  as a scot i 'm curious ... why do you want us to leave the uk ? 
  i voted for independence btw but i ca n't imagine why you would want us to leave the uk ? 
  not 25 but 23 . if i 'm honest i 've had a view on the eu for a few years , both good and bad , depends what aspect , the first time i held an opinion on leave vs stay was when the referendum was announced . 
  meh not really , if im honest it was n't ` conceding ' in regards to thescottish referendum more ` if you pensioners in scotland vote to leave then say good bye to your pensions ' more a load of fear tactics to terrify the elderly ( and quite a sizeable demography ) vote into submission . 
  i 'm the exact same as you , i like where we are , there 's a few things we can work on but there not things further federalisation will help with . 
  i 'm voting to stay but that 's not a vote for further integration, 
  damn refugees , coming over here and commiting the crime our beloved poles used to commit !, 
  agreed , its bad , my issue is why they need to travel through 10 countries to find a ` safe ' one, 
  in the case of keeping out people who should n't be entering a border actually works really well !, 
  it 's how you handle it and man it that counts . 
  exhibit a : migrants angry they can get no further than macedonia riot and attempt to smash the gates with an improvised battering ram ( this happened ) ... now imagine they tried that on the russian border ? 
  you 've done the exact same thing then !, 
  i will not hold your cnn expert as an expert , it would be like me declaring boris johnson an expert on the uk economy were it to leave the eu , point being its biased as fuck . 
  now i know that 's all you can really get in american media so i wo n't hold you too far against it . 
  all your bloody link says was that russia was a threat , how does that refute my point , fucking north korea and iran count as threats too . 
  british army generals have lamented about threats that never materialised for decades ... why ? 
  funding !, 
  your actually not happy unless we declare ourselves defenceless without the us just is n't the case . 
  but we 'll agree to disagree , you hold that were defenceless in europe without america i hold that 's not the case . 
  source on your statement about ireland please ? 
  i provided something that refutes that entirely , with respect it showed a majority of irish people against further integration , which is evidence gained by polling people , kinda looks like you 're just assuming everyone in ireland agrees with you when the evidence refutes that ... im from cork originally ( whole family is ) and i have n't heard your sentiments repeated when im back over ... in fact theres quite a bit of resentment after they threatened to castrate us financially . 
  i agree , its kinda entirely the point i was trying to make . 
  im not for forced integration ... and neither are the majority of people in many countries as i linked , this sub however has a `` brits can just leave if they do n't want further integration '' circle jerk amongst a certain number , particularly when theres quite a few other countries against it, 
  ok i 'm sorry , we 're hopeless without the us , cnn is generally considered absolute american corporate propaganda shite btw over here . 
  link something decent , of course the guy who 's level of funding is dependent on instability in the world would spout that , find something unbiased . 
  point being in all out conflict things would be substantially different than a shitty half arsed , barely coordinated air campaign in libya . 
  but your expert opinion is noted , i only wish my i had checked cnn before engaging with you, 
  the eu founding treaties also declared it a representative democracy . 
  thanks to another redditor for [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ahwakl4.png ) , gon na kick the finns , danes , czechs and hey ho even the irish out for not wanting further integration ? 
  im fully for the eu and will be voting to stay as i feel that the good far outweighs the negatives , but when a pretty substantial minority of the eus ' entire population dos n't want further integration ( including several majorities within member states as shown ) then it does need redressed . 
  thank you , thats quite interesting to see . 
  i do n't understand this whole sentiment i see on this sub of `` closer integration or you should just leave '' , they 'll have to kick out the scandinavian and finns too it seems . 
  but what if you want to stay but do n't want closer union ? 
  is n't that a perfectly valid wish too ? 
  i honestly ca n't speak for other europeans but there must be others who have similar sentiments . 
  i also think we are crying out for reform . 
  events over the last year have shown the eu weak points and those are how long it takes for anything to get done and that bullying is perfectly ok as long as your a rich member ( forced quotas etc. ),
