  not even slightly , see my answer above, 
  yes i do actually , not as confusing with regards to detangel legislation and easier to present pros and cons with regards to scotland and the uk . 
  but i believe the scottish independence referendum suffered the same confinements as the eu one , present complex issues as binary yes/no ( remain / leave ) answers is absurd . 
  my favourite outcome in 2014 was devo max , not the status quo , not the independence . 
  their are a wide range of views unrepresented that lie between the two binary answers we were given in both cases ( brexit referendum and independence one ) and including a number of other options ( hard brexit , soft brexit , remain but reform etc. ), 
  would have at least given our policy makers a better understanding as to where people 's views actually lie . 
  would also make them accountable ( see mays hard brexit plan , no way did all the leave voters want that ) but the binary yes or no system allows politicians to interpret as they see fit, 
  where did he wish harm on his own country ? 
  i do n't want anything bad to happen to england and the eu embracing scotland after the way we voted would be great and fair . 
  any harm done to countries was done by the brexit vote . 
  as much as the daily mail would try spin it as ' eu breaks up uk ' were scotland to leave , in reality fault would lie with the tory party for calling the most devisive referendum in decades on a topic way too complex to be broken down as yes/no , all so they could try and consolidate more power, 
  it 's not that which we find tragic but the fact that many of these single malt whiskys take 10-20 years to reach the point that the subtle but wonderful smokey/peaty etc. 
  flavours express well , once you mix em with something like coke you lose the unique characteristics that make em popular . 
  you could order a cheap whisky and get the same thing, 
  but if we look at it that way we ca n't enjoy the sweet sweet uk bashing circle jerk that 's been on this sub since brexit . 
  yeah i 'm sure that was the exact thought the ministry of defence had . 
  but when you got ta circle jerk you got ta circle jerk, 
  i am irish , bur living in scotland , cork originally , 
  me either , firm independence supporter !, 
  get out of here with yer logic and well presented counter argument !, 
  we only make whisky here , no scotch unless you mean the delicious butterscotch !, 
  irrelevant , it was n't put to consultation with other eu countries , merkel opened the flood gates then retroactively said `` deal with it '' . 
  the eu is a partnership with many members who have the right to oppose that which they see goes against their national interest.and by all means i have no problem with germany taking in as many refugees/economic migrants as it wants , my issue lies in them then retrospectively deciding other members should have to do it too, 
  `` mein fuck up is our fuck up '' is a bad policy as is removes single accountability . 
  if i invite a load of people to live in my room it dos n't make it my flatmates fault ... 
  no they were actively promoting it with the constant spoon fed bullshit that murdoch dictated , the difference between predicting something and actively promoting it are huge imo, 
  yeah uk taxpayers subsidising uk citizens ... as opposed to global taxpayer paying for greek citizens, 
  so the pound has n't lost 20 % of its value ? 
  or are you burying your head in the sand on that one because you do n't have an answer ? 
  i did n't said we 'd dropped to 6th i said we had dropped several times to 6th , basically our position aint solid anymore ... cant imagine why . 
  but if you interpreted it the way i meant you would n't be able to pat yourself on the back . 
  so you admit new yorks just as much a contender . 
  and your being intentionally ignorant of whats about to happen to your beloved london with brexit ( we have n't even done it yet and look at the effects ) . 
  also conveniently noted you did n't respond to the parts about pound devaluation and firms seeking to make a move from london ( probably to the continent xd ) but i guess you did n't have a smug answer for that ? 
  if the tories work for the english fine , then good for them but they do n't work for us up here and the evidence now says they aint working well down south . 
  haha i think your answers a tad delusional and intentionally ignoring some very well known info . 
  uk economy leapfrogged france as they accounted for black-market transactions and we 've already dropped to 6th several times this year . 
  `` overseen london '' as if london was n't doing well anyway . 
  you have to be delusional to boast about the tories economic performance now , they lost that credibility when the pound dropped 20 % and in regards to the london you speak of , firms are already making escape plans now that the tories drove the economy off a cliff through gambling with the economy and the eu . 
  london is not the most prominent city in the world , no more than berlin or tokyo , and less so than say new york or shanghai . 
  its not 1890 anymore mate , empires dead . 
  i know , how could anyone think the tories have been anything but magnificent for the poor the last few years s /, 
  think the brog had a few but for the life of me ca n't think of any others in cork, 
  now hold on a sec , i generally would agree but we 're in uncharted territory here and the result was really unique in how it split the uk member nations . 
  im for democracy but at the same time the idea as a scot that were leaving the eu because of england dos n't seem fair at all . 
  by the same line of logic you could say that from the point of view of say , the women molested in cologne in new years that all leftist pro unlimited refugee people are rape enablers, 
  it 's dark as hell but your right , i 'm fairly certain that the handling of the refugee crisis was the straw that broke the camel 's back with regards to brexit . 
  the whole island thing dos n't really work though when you see things like somalians wanting to get to the uk spending a few years in holland , getting dutch passports and then using free movement to migrate to the uk ... that happened . 
  iv no issue with migration , i 'm a remain voter , my step mums finnish , my mum irish , but it has to be controlled and sustainable and not at the cost of the living standards of the natives . 
  yeah but something has to be driving people to vote for them , and its easy to say `` no its the voters who are wrong not our policies '' with regards to mass migration . 
  im fairly open to migration and like the freedom of movement in the eu , however thats to a point aswell , i 'd like an eu with a strong external border which is n't exactly a lot to ask for, 
  a huge chunk of britain 's non eu migrants are from former colonies too ( india , pakistan , australia etc. ) . 
  that many of france 's are from former colonies is hardly surprising either . 
  i did n't say france was n't a weapons exporter , just not as much as the uk when it comes to selling dodgy regimes . 
  the point being i think its got very little to do with extremism and other factors like integration inn host countries , where mums guided youths see their host countries attacking their identities and ` native holy lands ' ( eg iraq war , mali etc. ), 
  was n't talking about military intervention , if we were i would be agreeing with you , was discussing weapon sales . 
  france does not export as much arms to the me as the uk but has a bigger issue with extremism . 
  my point though is that extremism is caused ** primarily ** by things like military intervention , societal and integration issues in western countries etc. 
  and not who sold what regime kit . 
  the article was about weapon sales , i 'm not talking about who drew what lines on what map , i completely agree with you in that regard, 
  france ( sadly ) has a bigger extremism problem but are n't as involved as the uk in the arms trade industry to the middle east ... give me your evidence for your claims ? 
  or is it just what your feelings tell you ? 
  they do n't need an excuse , the idea that arms companies see conflict as a means to sell further arms is not a story . 
  the people that do n't seem to get this are either naive or making a cause out of nothing to make themselves feel better about themselves . 
  that 's not what you were doing though , read the comments we were discussing , not everything is to do with brexit , this is about people being murdered with a van , not british international relations , standing , economy or membership of various organisations . 
  it 's about innocent people being attacked with a van . 
  but enjoy your circle jerk as i said , i suppose if you ca n't say something intelligent , say something that will stoke the mass ' ego ... 
  your a little like trump in that regard, 
  i dunno , you could argue an assassin targeting military personnel during war is themselves military . 
  how do you know it was n't some rich oil tycoons 20 wives over on holiday from saudi ? 
  not really , it 's more focused on anti-british rhetoric at the moment , even if it 's cheap and easy like you comment was . 
  coming from someone who 'd rather see his country independent of the uk and inside the eu , it 's still a shame this sub has lost some of its inclusiveness, 
  alot of people seem to be conveniently overlooking this fact . 
  i never thought i would not dislike the labour party , i 'm 24 and only ever voted snp and green but i really admire corbyns resilliance and personality but i 'm not seeing anything to suggest he can achieve no fom and a soft brexit together . 
  sounds fitting but realpolitiks in play would stop that happening . 
  a few gestures on the uk 's part ( permanent troops/raf stations in eastern europe ) and that would be it . 
  i 'm very anti brexit but on this sub any scenario that does n't leave the uk out in the cold is just too unfathomable to contemplate . 
  countries do n't act like spurned ex 's no matter how many people on this sub seem to believe it, 
  ruth ai n't the leader of scottish labour , that 's kezia dugdale . 
  ruth leads the conservative bloc in scotland, 
  a minor grasp of history and you 'd see it 's pretty legitimate ` butthurt ' . 
  someday :'(, 
  give in to all demands or your a whining bitch ? 
  do you have any facts to back up your viewpoint or are you just trying to stroke the uk bad circle jerk . 
  try a little harder at least , this is trump supporter level lazy . 
  to be fair if the french are killing potential terrorists in syria why ca n't the us do it in pakistan ? 
  the drone is just the vehicle of delivery in your scenario , while in the article its iraqi soldiers . 
  i understand they are targeting french citizens but their is n't as much difference other than the scale the us operates its drone program on . 
  food for thought ? 
  the car ` a ` carn speaks the truth !, 
  was n't that number basically made up though ? 
  i thought it was may throwing it out randomly to make herself seen like the reasonable party and the eu the unreasonable one . 
  it 's a pretty unreasonable figure in its own right and i wouldnt call it a debt . 
  not sure how one of the few country 's that 's a net contributer to the budget could end up with a 100bn bill for leaving . 
  and i 'm not saying that many pre arranged funding things should be ditched , just that these ball park figures are ludicrous , and i say that as a remain voter !, 
  this ones gone over my head ... what have i missed ?!, 
  i for one would see the nuking of torres del fuego as an major environmental crime , place is beautiful . 
  on top of that using our nukes for anything other than an enemy who wants to destroy/nuke us and has the ability to do so would in my books be wrong . 
  at no point did the uk say it was n't going to support against terrorist attacks , thats simply changing the narrative to paint em badly . 
  they said that were no formal agreement reached security agreements will be nullified ( legally they would ) and something needs to be put in place .
