  the lefts main crime in my eyes is refusing to engage with poor with concerns on immigration etc. 
  and instead labeled em and moved on . 
  it 's much easier to discredit someone than it is to actually engage and challenge their views . 
  and i say this as a left leaning party voter ( snp ) myself . 
  i agree and disagree here because your leaving out the context of where they run for their seats and the differences in population between england and scotland etc. 
  the alternative would be have the scottish vote engulfed and basically nulled by english voters because their populations much bigger . 
  i 'm not a fan of fptp but sitting comparing them to parties who could run in over 600 seats to one that ran in 59 and took nearly all of them . 
  context is a wonder, 
  how many europeans do you encounter online compared to russians ? 
  ideally yes , iv got an irish and british passport so dual nationality makes a bit of a cushion . 
  to be ho best though the whole referendum has reiterated a sense of how deep the political divide between england and scotland is . 
  im more of a kinda set sail as an independent scotland kinda guy myself but each to their own . 
  i disagree , the eu was seen by many in socially deprived areas as a crown jewel of the monied elite , it was a revolt against the status quo . 
  i 'm a remain voter , but i do n't think it 's as simple as you put . 
  it was a lash out by the working class against the way things are in general . 
  these areas that have heard decades of politicians using a scapegoat in the form of the eu to cover their own failings could n't suddenly have it all reversed over the space of less than a year in the run up to the referendum . 
  these same areas have been socially and economically stagnant for decades due to a lack of westminster investment . 
  they heard all the economic benefits the eu brought to certain people but in their own minds not themselves so they decided to lash out in the only way how and in a manner that would give the upper classes and big business a shock . 
  by set sail on our own are you referring to scottish independence or a britain outside of the eu ? 
  not sure if by dragons you mean literal dragons or were working on it as a metaphor for angry welsh ladies !, 
  unicorn  dragon, 
  his whole comment is in my opinion , a little arrogant in its assumption that we 've somehow got more bargaining chips than the eu . 
  acting like freedom of movement as a fundamental necessity to single market access was n't known before all the idiots in the country voted to remove it is seriously presumptuous . 
  if people here in the uk want single market access they need to accept the rules everyone else plays by otherwise what kind of message does that send to other eu members ? 
  their is no easy solution to it ,, 
  aw thanks !, 
  yeah that would be ideal for me !, 
  weirdly enough as a scottish independence supporter and pro eu , this brexit fiasco could actually end with me getting an independent scotland within the eu xd, 
  personally if your gon na do it do n't do it half assed , set us down next to california or cuba , florida has enough pensioners to deal with without adding our lot !, 
  scotland is a country , so is england , thats easily confirmable by a quick google search . 
  when your over ruled , by the mere fact that one countries population has exploded , on incredibly important issues its incredibly frustrating to feel your points are mute as a result . 
  scotland is a country , so is england , thats easily confirmable by a quick google search . 
  when your over ruled , by the mere fact that one countries population has exploded , on incredibly important issues its incredibly frustrating to feel your points are mute as a result . 
  that is very different , the king of spain abolishing catalans fueros and centralising was wrong , i 'm . not saying catalonia dos n't have grievances , i 'm just highlighting that scotlands case is very different . 
  we actively joined with england to form a new state , as partners and it 's descended into condescending `` we know what 's best for you even if you do n't '' since . 
  il be honest one of our biggest mistakes was assuming england had some brains about her and wouldnt sucker punch the rest of us in the nuts , although feel free to give wales one, 
  which is annoying as fuck when you consider the act of union was the joining of 2 nations not a handing of all responsibility and decisions about scotland to english politicians . 
  spain and catalonia 's history is so very different, 
  you know that a year before the last independence referendum only 24 % polled as supporting it , the final count was 45 % , this time round were starting from over 40 % , it 's worth considering, 
  ` well ... theirs the billions of investment ' ` ok besides the billions in investment ' ` dont forget the single market access and workers rights ! ', 
  besides billions in investment ' , market access and workers rights , what 's the eu done for us '', 
  you refer to democracy only when it suits your narrative and ignore it when it does not . 
  the snp won the holyrood elections on a manifesto that specifically said they would seek independence if their was a strong material change in circumstances and the example given was ' were scotland d to be dragged out of the eu against its will ' which is exactly what is happening !, 
  they campaigned on something , were elected on it , and are now following through on it , tell me exactly which part of that you do n't get ? 
  furthermore if that makes us the spoiled brats then that makes the little england brexiteers the drooling cousin in the corner, 
  better that than the month python sketch that 's running in westminster the last few months, 
  so overwhelmingly voting to remain in the eu ai n't the democratic will of the nation . 
  go read up on the principles of democracy . 
  if the people here keep voting in pro independence parties that 's also democracy in action . 
  but i guess it dos n't count i 'd it dos n't suit your narrative . 
  narrow minded idiot, 
  the democratic will of the nation of scotland was to remain in the eu , but that 's conveniently forgotten by you also conveniently forgetting the gigantic support the snp have gained even since the last independence referendum would suggest people are n't happy hear . 
  you harp on about democracy but only when it suits your narrative . 
  surely independence supporters have the democratic right to vote in parties that push for independence and that by the very way democracy works fail or succeed on that ? 
  if scottish people vote in parties that promised a referendum every year then that 's democracy in action for you . 
  hard to forget , you do remember to be fair that a central argument used on many against independence was that we 'd have to leave the eu ... seems a bit hypocritical, 
  2.5 tn from 1 country actually is n't too bad when compared to 12.5 trn from 22, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ahwakl4.png ) from eurostat 2014 . a few countries more than the uk and some pretty much even . 
  must be easy to pretend that the uk is the only country against federalisation . 
  their are actually countries even more against it in the eu than the uk . 
  also noticed that the less economically prosperous countries ( particularly eastern european ) are generally the most pro federalist while the richer countries are against it , ( ca n't imagine why ) easily verified if you look at the anti federalist sentiment data in northern europe , scandinavia , ireland , holland etc. 
  haha id be surprised if it was n't with the uk having the highest level of coke use in western europe i believe, 
  do include ireland !, 
  might make people realise that the embarrassingly high figures are down to fucking the general population . 
  mums from ireland and after all the various taxes and bullshit charges she 's losing over 55 % of her salary . 
  ireland 's recovery is literally down to gutting the little guy while the multinationals continue with their free tax passes, 
  actual nazis ? 
  colluding with nazis was n't always by choice and you need to understand that being occupied by nazis dos n't make you a nazi . 
  my mums family are irish , by your logic i could describe every brit as a murderer because of what the black and tans did in the 1920 's their . 
  i do n't believe that but i 'm just showing how it applies . 
  if the geneva conventions useless why is the european rights laws so much better . 
  acting like the uk is looking for an excuse to commit war crimes is a little childish in its lack of realism, 
  that your personal opinion or are you actually gon na back up your bullshit with actual sources ? 
  bit of a drama queen much ? 
  geneva convention prevents that kind of shit . 
  read the article, 
  yeah but acting like the fact they were nazi occupied countries had nothing to do with it is ridiculous . 
  if the nazis had taken the uk ( thank you channel ) then you would have seen the same, 
  just the royal family sympathising with him then :'), 
  depends on your perspective . 
  i 'd laugh if i was n't ready to cry at what england and wales are doing to scotland with regards to the brexit, 
  see below , striking to show the country your worth would n't be legal here . 
  especially coordinated across a number of sectors, 
  true but then those 2 million people need to find new jobs , also personally i 'd rather they did n't leave because that would be tragic followed by the fact it 's capitulating to a tiny minority of ass hats who have the collective iq of a houseplant, 
  not gon na lie , i 'm glad things have changed , my mums irish catholic from cork ( bai ) in ireland while my dads glaswegian protestant , it 's never been brought up other than in banter by my uncle 's who are both light-hearted and hilarious ( one example being when my granny in ireland nearly choked on a yorkshire pudding my granny in scotland had made , it was followed by my uncle mike yelling `` see protestant food will kill ya ! '' ), 
  i agree but that 's not what we were discussing was it ? 
  you said nato has nothing to do with the eu . 
  i was simply pointing out that is incorrect, 
  a i said , school yard complexity . 
  nato under write european security for decades . 
  the 2 most powerful countries with regards to military in the eu are france and the uk , are also nato members and the only 2 nuclear armed eu states . 
  your answer is naive if you think that their is a conversation about military in europe that dos n't involve nato . 
  actually it does have something to do with them , it 's in their interest to keep military cohesion through nato . 
  their are also concerns about certain countries who already do not meet the recommended spending levels in nato using an eu army as a way of spending even less . 
  yeah it 's that simple , ca n't remove a rebate if they stop sending money then . 
  your applying school yard thought process to an incredibly complex set of issues, 
  i doubt it , i 'm fairly certain that it 's at the us beck that its being blocked as they probably see nato as their toy , and who wants another toy competing with their own ? 
  thanks , and you 're ignorant, 
  and yet you havnt provided any theory to support your statement . 
  you speak in broad terms but lack any substance to your argument .
