  at no point did i say people should be prohibited from free speech . 
  your literally deciding what i said now ? 
  read it again because i said the opposite of what you seem to think i said . 
  i said intentionally antagonising was wrong but should be allowed ,  i cant believe your gut reaction is not to say `` maybe the guy shooting the place up should not shoot the place up '' of course the fucker resorting to violence is the one that took it too far !, 
  what point are you trying to make here ? 
  that they should shoot the place up ? 
  overall those that resort to violence are imo the worst of the bunch . 
  that was it ... you literally responded sprouting nonsense accusing me of views i never pertained to hold . 
  but thank you my swedish friend for showing my how your western ideals are superior . 
  police have to walk such a fine line with these things . 
  the right to freedom of speech is important , personally i think letting bigots etc. 
  protest is perfectly fine , lets themselves look stupid without anyone else 's input . 
  but intentionally antagonising may not be right or smart but i do kinda feel its a big step down in severity when compared to those who respond with a violent reaction to these kinda protests . 
  with regards to northern ireland though its a slightly different kettle of fish and i dont think the reasons or situations are comparable , things have calmed down in the north but it would n't take much more than a strong sense of victimisation on one side for the udf or the ira to emerge from the woodwork which is natural probably the bigger reason to keep it calm . 
  the race riots point is really interesting though , had n't heard about that . 
  you know what this dosnt hint at ... the bugs , by god the bugs . 
  when i go to the family summer house in savonlinna they emerge in all forms to dine on me !, 
  mosquitos , moose flys and hornets as big as my thumb !, 
  id say the same about you guys !, 
  jeez that glacier has shrunk a lot since i was there last . 
  sad :(, 
  aside from the orkneys and shetlands , more a celtic country mate . 
  is feidir leat poch mo thoin , and a celtic language too, 
  i know but i just could n't stop myself, 
  `` many that live deserve death . 
  and some that die deserve life . 
  can you give it to them ? 
  then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement . '' - gandalf, 
  thats quite funny when london is frances ' 6th biggest city by population of french people . 
  im not surprised about finland coming out as the top of the haters bunch !, 
  confused as to why anyone else would be, 
  yeah but are n't there a number of rules that say refugees are to claim asylum in the first safe country they reach ? 
  sadly the orange order has been alive and kicking in scotland for a very long time , a few hundred years i believe.the parades are a fucking sham each year . 
  mate these marches come out once a year , are much smaller than what the orange order puts on and receive very little coverage in comparison swell as being in one or two areas as opposed to passing through many areas of the city . 
  its just not a big thing over here . 
  obviously spain was the first safe country, 
  not sure if i 've followed this right but the point being made was if he was a legitimate refugee or just someone that decided to hop ship and claim refugee status ? 
  i moved to glasgow from cork 10 years ago and the irish connection is more cultural similarities , i 've never seen a mural , gaa is non-existent except for a few uni matches , and tricolours are only bought out for celtic matches . 
  our irish roots are more clear ( imo ) when you examine the native language, 
  correct however in the continuation war finland was definitely aligned with germany and receiving support . 
  and in the scope of the second world war it 's hardly incorrect to say that finland was aligned with germany . 
  that not a criticism , at the time thy needed any allies they could take, 
  its ok , instead the nazis ' jumped in to help you so this is all speculation, 
  god the nimrod was a magnificent plane, 
  i do understand where he 's coming from . 
  its like the old man yelling that the end is nigh but giving no details . 
  how would the eu collapse ? 
  or latvia , who wo n't be raising to the recommended 2 % until 2018, 
  the debate on what was considered military spending was because military pensions etc. 
  were included aswell , turns out the majority of other countries also do this so it was a red herring . 
  which countries ? 
  i 'm in the uk and we spend above the recommended 2 % of gdp . 
  yeah this entire affair was fucking awful . 
  the us military spat in that guys families face by refusing to cooperate in any meaningful way . 
  the pilots should have presented themselves to explain why it happened . 
  interesting , thank you for the insightful answer . 
  so it would be proxy war , well armed pkk doing the job for russia , or at least making life unpleasant in turkey ? 
  would all those advantages not evaporate if they were launching from syria ? 
  or even disregarding crimea would launching from southern russia ( close to georgia ) not be an easy enough option if it is n't already one ? 
  to be honest i do n't even think it would happen like that . 
  more we 'd suddenly find the kurdish pkk to be one of the best armed militant groups in the world . 
  the russian air force is far more capable than the turkish af . 
  the su35 and the su27 fighters would make minced meat of most modern fighters including turkeys f16s ' . 
  to counter them turkey would need some serious us intervention with f22s ' . 
  gchq 's wet dream, 
  come on , we both know there 's a difference in what 's being discussed here . 
  the fact we 're not in schengen only acts as a speed bump for many who just wait until they are handed an eu passport from somewhere else in a few years, 
  agreed . 
  i have no inherent problem with refugees . 
  my problem is with how its been handled . 
  no one should have been able to travel all the way from greece to western europe unchallenged . 
  i love eu migration . 
  my mother is from the rep. of ireland , my dad is scottish born from a norwegian family , and my stepmum is from helsinki . 
  i am however aware that a drain on skilled labour to the northern countries can create quite a problem . 
  sadly i 'm not sure how that can be dealt with, 
  im not bashing the idea of the north paying for the south but i do n't think the us is comparable in this . 
  it will be a hundred years if not longer before european countries began to feel more like federal states ( like in the us ) and i think resentment at having to finance less economically viable countries would erode the process long before then . 
  china shares a border with afghanistan fyi, 
  calm the beans , we already have 1 migration crisis on our hands :p, 
  yeah theres a few things that do my nut in . 
  especially the petty politics each country plays at an eu level . 
  cameron being a sleazy git and making sure he 's left his options open to switch to the leave eu side if it looks like public opinions swaying that way , merkels `` the freedom of movement is non negotiable '' speech , i agree that freedom of movement should be kept but it was n't her place to make that point , it was elected eu representatives not the chancellor of germany . 
  she ca n't speak for all of the eu , just like we in the uk need to learn that yeah we should n't have to commit to eu policies we do n't want but we should n't act as a pain in the ass while we 're at it . 
  our country could have played a leading role in the eu and helped smaller countries that are n't as inclined to tow the german-french line have their voices heard . 
  instead we withdrew and pretended we were n't a part . 
  a real shame when you think of where the eu is now and the potential it has . 
  edit : spelling, 
  agreed . 
  haggis is kinda the same idea . 
  difficult to sell , but my norwegian buddies have told me that the lambs head thing is actually pretty good . 
  we generally use an artificial casing swell over here , 
  aye aye , and the boiled lambs head of course ? 
  why ? 
  i would n't say it was a weak position , its a non existent position , the uk has n't really taken the leading role it should have . 
  oh dear , i 'm actually quite pro eu , but think reform is needed, 
  went for a cruise from helsinki to stockholm ( everyone on the boat was as pished as can be ) but they had people in moo min costumes which were hugging the drunks !, 
  so fluffy , moomins rock . 
  i think we 're not the land grabbers on cyprus you should be worried about . 
   it should leave so the rest of the eu can start moving onto federalisation . 
  heres ' a problem , because your a fan of the idea of federalisation you seem to think that anyone that does n't agree should leave ?
