  i do n't think you have a fucking clue how diplacy works ... your lack of any real point or evidence to verify your points supports this . 
  no you did n't , the situations you gave examples of are all completely different . 
  and yet again `` it 's just how diplomacy works '' ... because you say so ? 
  not happy unless you can feel like this is somehow a slight to the uk ? 
   tldr : whether you do n't see it as a snub is irrelevant , diplomatically it is . 
  you have n't explained how though , basically all i 'm getting from that is ' its a diplomatic snub ... because i say so ' . 
  seems like a fairly normal course of action for them to be taking to me ... then again maybe you just like feeling like a shit stirrer, 
  i think the point is that if people really wanted it and only ukip were offering it then they would surely win, 
  but heroin is not just as legal ... it 's a class a drug while cannabis is b here . 
  that deluded party seems to be the only one thats not made itself look like a shower of infighting idiots this year and have some form of plan . 
  but i agree ... the snp should hold themselves up to the standards of the larger english parties ... perhaps by fracturing and never ending leadership contests like labour ? 
  ... or we could have them slam the economy by holding silly referendums to appease their backbenchers and advance bo jos ' career like the tories did :d, 
  need to be honest here but the uk is a union of nations , meaning a partnership of separate entities . 
  `` our oil '' is actually scottish oil , much like scotch whisky is scottish , the oil one is used frequently simply because an oil wealth fund like norways was requested for scotland ( but thatcher laughed it off ) so it still stings a bit . 
  down playing legitimate concerns people have does n't help . 
  opposition to nuclear weapons ? 
  of course thats politicised !, 
  how else do you show your disdain for it ? 
  armed rebellion ? 
  thats like bitching at people for politicising the iraq war . 
  families summer house is close to savonlinna , i must remember to bring the hoisin sauce next time ... 
  i guarantee that had we voted remain ( as i did ) and those horrific attacks had still happened it would n't be anywhere near as discussed on this sub as it is . 
  this sub turned into a spiteful little witch hunt on the lead up to the brexit and following it . 
  which is sad because i felt a fair bit of comraderie with my fellow europeans here , now i feel a british flair sort of signals you out because half the idiots in the country made a stupid and unpopular decision, 
  what are you smoking through your ass ? 
  yeah because the entire population is out beating poles and foreigners , your a mad wee bastard if thou think more than a fraction of a fraction are like that . 
  your entire comment is sensationalist wank with no substance . 
  [ cowboys the lot of them !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruhunfh0xbi ), 
  whats the point ? 
  you clearly do n't want to acknowledge the data already shown if your making huge sweeping generalisations to avoid considering that some of a certain religion may in fact be more prone to violence than others, 
  a little naive of you considering the state of europe 's open borders policy right now, 
  actually boris johnson was as much a face of brexit as farage if not more so . 
  well where are they all now ? 
  eu plans where we have to kick member states out if they do n't align show more of an issue in the initial plan than with the non aligning state . 
  there 's too much ` oh you do n't like my version of an ideal eu ? 
  well get out ' chucked around . 
  fair enough , seems like abit of a generalisation but anyway i was responding to the idea that no parent would send their kid to prison which is n't strictly true, 
  which is a cop out to avoid paying, 
  actually i read in another thread on this that a diplomat previously recinded his own immunity in order for his son to be prosecuted for murder , think it was between belgium and chile . 
  also last month a story emerged about an afghan father executing his son for joining isis . 
  parents can live in denial but i think at some point you ca n't bury your head in the sand . 
  while in london the us embassy/consulate refuses to pay the thousands owed in congestion charges, 
  did n't he walk the earth though for a long longtime before assuming that mantle though ? 
  can we send erdogan to wander the earth for like a thousand years first ? 
  so in a scenario where eastern european nato members call in article 5 , what could germany bring to the table compared to say france or the uk ? 
  thats where the issue is . 
  power projection is actually a relatively important aspect of nato members when you consider the number of places you may have to one day fight a war in because of article 5 . 
  if the german people are n't for it then why are they in nato , i think they want all the perks but none of the costs . 
   in an unprecedented way against the will of the german people ? 
  your acting like governments do n't do that on a regular basis . 
  ttip all across europe rings a bell . 
  along with a wide range of laws and policies . 
  even disregarding nukes ( which i would n't advocate for germany ) conventional forces like in the luftwaffe , army and navy all lag severely behind the french and british with regards to capabilities and projection power . 
  im well aware that 1.3 % of german gdp is larger than greeces ' 2 % but its proportional , its a lot to the greeks . 
  there are a lot of nato countries that do n't fulfil it and its an issue , with germany more so because its not like they ca n't afford it . 
  any yes while a guideline , its a guideline for a reason and currently meeting closer to half of the recommended amount than the full amount is where the problem is . 
  regardless of how you spin it german defence is bought and paid for by the americans and then the french and british . 
  you 've basically sat and pointed out all the deficiencies in the german military ... many relating to the lack of investment in it . 
  i see both sides of the coin but the yank is right , for a long time germany was ( and remains ) protected by american , british and french troops , the geopolitical avalanche shift when the cold war ended and the berlin wall came down allowed germany to develop into one of the most advanced economies in the world , maybe its time to pay it forward to the eastern neighbours as they develop by paying your dues and not relying on poorer countries to save you if shit was to ever really hit the fan ( by that i mean look at greece as an example , 2 % of gdp spending target hit ), 
  issue in alot of debates these days , it 's so binary and people assume your polarised into one side or the other while ignoring any form of middle ground, 
  and the big yins willie wallace and wee rabbie the bruce, 
  it was windy as fuck but it did cause an oil rig to wash ashore :d, 
  i agree , if you actually want this then you 've no place here, 
  even further , in pakistan its illegal for ahmadis to say they are muslims . 
  to be fair , would russian or chinease military craft off to make war somewhere be allowed refuelling rights at shannon airport like the american ones were when en-route to the gulf ? 
  does that still constitute neutral ? 
  genuine question, 
  whataboutism at its finest . 
  i get you , and i agree , while i would never advocate it 's use i would be in denial if i was to say i know enough to label it useless, 
  as long as its barry 's , and not that green box shit either , the red stuff all the way, 
  yeah , those damn austrians and their tendencies for world war starting , germany should seek reparations frim austria !, 
  i do n't know much either , just remember my school in cork ( corcaigh abu ! ), 
  mentioning it years ago, 
  the germans bombed a neutral country because of firetrucks ? 
  no it 's not , people voted leave because westminster managed to deceive them over decades into believing that most of the working class woes of the country were the eu 's fault . 
  combined with politicians who managed to make people not distinguish between eu migrants and non eu ( and less skilled me etc migrants ) , we got the melting pot of issues , racial and scapegoated eu to lead us to where we are now . 
  now do n't quote me but did n't the germans bomb dublin by mistake that one time ? 
  just checked and it was n.i. 
  that under 16 's do n't pay so some kind of case could be made to be fair . 
  vat is n't subjective or variable amongst people so its kinda a moot comparison, 
  its not the same , i had the same view up until i had it pointed out to me that 16 year olds can be taxed so i think its perfectly fair for them to vote , and a 15 year old not to . 
  antoine 's wall is not even close to the border ... it runs nearly through my back garden in glasgow ... 
  to an extent but speaking out did n't have to be direct confrontation , going to the authorities with concerns about individuals and certain premises could be all it takes . 
  i 'm not asking for a world where they physically confront potential jihadists . 
  more be prepared to ensure that they are not silently letting potentially violent people with alarming rhetoric slip by unreported . 
  i 'm only talking about what the current french leader said to may . 
  as for the mayor of calais , he 's really a non starter seeing as we 're discussing what prime ministers and presidents want ... not a mayor, 
  im talking about the france/germany quote above , but as a whole , to say their is n't a anti-uk circle jerk on the go in this sub would be false . 
  i like this sub for discussion and as a way of getting perspective on things i know little of . 
  not to see people handing out up votes because it helps their narrative ... what are we r/thedonald ? 
  calais has already been discussed and the border there aint moving , also to call it the uk 's mess when certain eu members let these people march across dozens of borders in order to reach calais without checking them even once is a little unfair . 
  glorious scandinavian/baltic empire is rising the union of cold people !, 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  as a scot , remainer , and supporter of scottish independence all the brit bashing should make me ecstatic , but instead this sub is now just a circle jerk , ` here have an up vote for bashing the uk with unfounded claims ' . 
  if this was any other country in discussion everyone would be asking `` source ? '', 
  thats a bullshit comparison and you know it , any border in eastern europe is much more of a vulnerability than an island in western europe . 
  the only people that can originate from their are brits , the serbian border could have people from anywhere on it due to it not being an island ( its all really logically simple when you actually stop and engage the brain cells ) . 
  they should n't , but you need to look at this like say the ira in the 70 's / 80 's , the vast majority of catholics had nothing to do with the ira but a lot of people while not members themselves had a good idea who was . 
  its encouraging islamic communities to stomp it out in their own communities , while currently its a more ` keep your head down and do n't get involved ' situation , to say they do n't know about dodgy mosques long before us is an understatement .
