  i have n't made up my mind on federalisation right now , too many pros and cons for me to be able to set my view just yet . 
  and without sounding like a snob but some countries have a lot more to gain from federalisation than others ( think of when east germany reunited with west ) . 
  scotland leaving the uk ? 
  i 'm not sure that it would happen , i voted for yes last septmber but i was beaten fair and square so i wo n't moan about it . 
  now one thing that i often wonder about was how was the uk able to get so many opt outs etc. ? 
  why were they conceded in the first place ? 
   the uk will slip further into irrelevance in that case every member state is slipping further into irrelevance . 
  any country in the top 10 world economies , let alone the uks ' 5th place , also one of 2 nuclear armed states in the eu is hardly irrelevant . 
  i would hate to see the uk leave , it would mean probably moving further towards our ` buddy ' over the pond and with regards to recent history i do n't think thats always a good thing . 
  the eu represents globalisation , of people and economies . 
  something which i think has helped stabilise the developed world and prevent any more horrific wars , so to see anyone in the eu leave would be pretty sad . 
  why ? 
  because it does n't toe the franco-german line ? 
  wow , im pro-eu but some of the shit i 'm hearing like this is just crap . 
  your post reeks of insecurity frankly `` how dare you consider leaving our special union '' . 
  engage with people and debate , it goes a fair bit further than petty and really shallow insults . 
  where you from by the way ? 
  i 'm sure it would n't be too hard to tear your governments policies a new one swell , not that it achieves anything . 
  surely thats a problem in the labour party and not scotland , but you do have a good point , i 've heard so many people take the view that scotland caused the rise of the tories as a result of lost seats which was n't the case at all . 
  you 'll have to enlighten me as to how the scots guaranteed tory rule, 
  you have admirable morals but once you remove morals and look at it logistically it becomes obvious that the current scheme of things is n't working . 
  and accusing countries of not doing their part is absurd . 
  countries always have and always will have different reactions to things . 
  because they do n't align with your grand view do n't mean they are wrong . 
  your username is sooo relevant , in a dark , delicious and ironic kind of way, 
  cork :d, 
  i do n't actually agree , the powerhouse of nato is the us who are n't going to stall nato deployment and commitments because polands not bending the knee to merkel . 
  and saying that the polish are unwilling to cooperate with the rest of europe is wrong , several other european countries have n't aligned with the german solution to the migrant crisis , including the uk . 
  its a countries own decision who they do and do not let in . 
  eu is a very different beast to nato . 
  i do n't see where your making the connection, 
  i could argue that poland is a much bigger beneficiary with regards to the eu , the uk pays in considerably more than it gets out , while poland receives far far more financially than it contributes . 
  agreed ? 
   actually eu allowed this imposing the free movement and job market your just being pedantic here , what did you think i meant by freedom of movement ? 
  complaining about specialists moving away is absurd , the only way to prevent this is for the richer western members to refuse them ( not going to happen as its against eu law ) and for the individuals ( doctors engineers etc. ), 
  why should n't they be allowed to choose where they live ? 
   britain also drained eu countries from their workers who came to uk and build their gdp with a more efficient and cheaper workfore , that could stay in home if not the eu . 
  what ? 
  freedom of movement allowed this , because people from eastern europe * chose * to move here to work because of better opportunities and wages . 
  this is hardly a uk phenomenon . 
   stole the east eu 's educated specialists again see the above point . 
  this seems to paint that your against the freedom of movement for workers, 
  explain how a country that 's a net contributer , with a huge economy is the biggest beneficent over countries a good chunk of money allocated to help modernise ? 
  please provide some facts, 
  not half a generalisation ? 
  this is n't actually the case , its just that most students do n't give a rats arse about the student union so the people that are really passionate/outspoken are the obes that run for the positions in it . 
  until they start to dish out eu passport like candy, 
  im on # 21.000 before various taxi substantially reduce it . 
  not sure how i feel about it to be honest . 
  not sure countries that spend very little on their military should be able to dictate to the larger military powers what they will and wo n't do with it . 
  would germany support sending this eu army to fight argentina if the falklands were ever invaded again ? 
  but touch poland and you 've gone too far !, 
  yeah , its probably one of my favourite comics , gets you right in the feels, 
  hmmm i do n't know if i agree with that , from a uk perspective , our relationship with france has always been [ complicated ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ), 
  yeah , i think they might be the exception to the rule generally . 
  either way i hope it was quick for them, 
  im not sure thats correct , in some cases that might happen but in most instances a bullet to the brain or even getting hit in the spinal column would cause instant unconsciousness and effectively death . 
  my older brothers a surgeon and he said it would be in the vast majority of cases , instant death . 
  pretty sure the spread would have ensured the head was hit but regardless , a hundred bits of shrapnel simultaneously hitting you , spread out over the rest of the body would pretty much kill you instantly, 
  exactly . 
  i agree with you . 
  why should easters european countries be ridiculed for not aligning with german policy and demands when it comes to immigration, 
  true , i was just quickly listing countries that have decent economies . 
  point still stands that there are alot of countries around the world who could be helping out as opposed to europe, 
  thanks !, 
  me an my girlfriend are always looking for something different to make !, 
  if you were to recommend one relatively unknown italian dish from your country what would it be ? 
  ah yes everyone who has an alternate view from yours is a racist . 
  you should get a job in the media !, 
  with regards to where else should they go , we should take our fair share but so should japan , korea , china and the rest of the developed world . 
  a hugely emotive statement , but without any actual point . 
  it 's not that black and white . 
  i 'm against the ` refugee ' tide only in so far that it 's outrageous the rest of the developed world are washing their hands and standing back from it . 
  how many syrian migrants will japan , korea , china , south africa , brazil etc. 
  be taking in ? 
  and if your house going to bander various refugee charters then where 's the mention of the eu charter on refugees ? 
  you know the one where you claim asylum in the first safe country you get to ? 
  its such a gray area situation . 
  sifting those in actual need of safety from the economic opportunists is a seriously time consuming task and made only more difficult by miss merkel 's encouragement to madly dash across europe to germany . 
  instead we should have encouraged others to take refugees directly from camps in turkey and lebanon etc. 
  like the uk has decided to do . 
  maybe a big wall to protect all the pact members from the nasty western europeans ? 
  i 'm not a fan of farage at all but by this logic the snp should n't be taking seats in westminster as they want to leave the uk, 
  on top of the fact that even when we 're not in schengen certain countries automatically hand out citizen ship to asylum seekers after a few years who can then travel wherever they want to in europe . 
  it 's happened before, 
  your aware of the difference of being a member of the eu but not the eurozone right ? 
  the fact they 're needing training for peacekeeping amused me in a dark ironic way, 
  i do n't actually think it 's just a democrats issue , same applies to brexit , as a remain voter myself i 'm happy to say that a hell of alot more `` racist '' labeling was attached to any leave voter who said they were concerned about immigration . 
  i was rooting for bernie too and i think had it been trump vs sanders or even sanders vs clinton ( hypothetical ) then it would have been very different . 
  as i said it think a desire for change was a major driving force in the us election , regardless of where it came from . 
  across the western world the left have allowed certain elements to quieten opposition by labeling them with a variety of labels , i can give examples from germany , france , the uk , us , sweden and probably more and the media played a big role in this too . 
  now i 'm not saying alot of trump supporters , brexit voters etc. 
  are not among the more racially abusive elements of our society , however i also do n't think that it 's fair to label them all with the same brush and that they are all wrong , we are right and they have no legitimate concerns , and that 's what 's been happening . 
  i agree to an extent however in the us election , the supposed left ( democrats ) do have alot to answer for . 
  your right , change was what people wanted and trump was the only one offering it . 
  the collective failure to realise this ( especially considering how people were taking to trump and sanders supposed anti establishment messages ) rests with the dnc . 
  hillary embodied everything people disliked about the status quo , from the shady wall street meetings to the super pacs to the business as usual demeanour . 
  like brexit in a way , you ignore peoples concerns for too long and they burn the house down , both showed elements of a highly dissatisfied group within society who lashed out in the only way they could against the current system . 
  the us election had 2 toxic candidates in very different ways , trump surprised people because alot wo n't have felt comfortable disclosing to pollsters , others , media etc. 
  their views because of the immediate labeling that seems to come to anyone associated with the right .
