  edit : also as for nationalisation of debt , i agree that was a foolhardy mistake butagain eu taxpayers have taken on a huge load of that, 
  solidarity is important yes , but if greece were to given a debt haircut ( again ) why ca n't other countries , ireland , spain etc. 
  be allowed the same thing ? 
  solidarity also means fairness across the entire eu . 
  i think allowing a country to vastly overspend and renege on debts would risk far more instability in that why ca n't other indebted countries get away with it too ? 
  i 'm from ireland originally and things were hard their for a long time and a lot of people i know suffered including my mother . 
  why should greece have one set of rules to themselves while many across europe are cutting back and realising that a huge deficit is no longer a feasible route ? 
  its not about containing a crisis in greece , its about why should we continue feeding money into a black hole . 
  you 're speaking as if europe is a country , its not like the us where the separate states are all part of the same country , its made up of many countries each with their own agendas and priorities and you have to understand that many of the taxpayers and voters in these other countries recognise the problems at home that need money spent on them as opposed to funnelling it to greece for no good reason . 
  blaming the imf and ecb is ridiculous , at the end of the day , and many people do n't seem to get this , these loans were given with really favourable conditions to greece , a big haircut on the loans was done , and most importantly its other european taxpayers that have footed the bill . 
  i heard somewhere that greece owes roughly every eu citizen $ 500 . 
  so explain why other countries should have to pay for one that cooked its books to get access to the eurozone in the first place , effectively lying to other eu countries ? 
  if it was a series of bad economic luck that led to this then maybe that would be feasible but it was n't , they cooked their books , did n't sort out the rampant tax avoidance issues , and basically shat all over the goodwill of the rest of the eu . 
  i ca n't speak for everyone , i pay taxes and would not be happy for my government to pay to bailout greece and i 'm pretty sure a hell of a lot of people would agree with that . 
  greece lived well beyond its means for too long and its come back to bite them in the ass . 
  just like all the armenian decedents getting their recognition and compensation from the turkish government ? 
  yeah but on the other hand the snp only campaigned in roughly 1/12 of the available seats and got nearly all of them . 
  ukip had a much much higher voting pool , this example has 2 sides, 
  byres road in general is a belter, 
  pretty damn good economy compared to some in europe . 
  also a net contributor into the eu with regards to funds . 
  im very pro eu however i actually think it 's a good thing having britain playing devils ' advocate with the two other large european powers ( france and germany ) . 
  its ' like having a strong opposition party , helps keep them on their toes and stops them being complacent . 
  im all for refugees being helped , however economic migrants which a huge number are , im not so keen on . 
  i 'd say it makes a tory led government less likely as the snp have already said they wo n't enter into coalition with them but would support a labour government . 
  either way i 'm really glad british politics is moving out of stagnation , this general election will be really interesting . 
  ps i do n't really believe in the whole more snp seats means more chance of a tory government , in scotland which has historically been a labour camp for decades , even with a constant labour vote until now it 's been unable to massively influence and lock out conservatives ( it 's what labour always preach in scotland `` vote labour or the only other choice is tory '' ) the snp have provided a viable and influential alternative, 
  have to agree here mate . 
  carrying a knife gets you slammed ( rightfully so ) in glasgow these days . 
  yeah but we do n't send our armed forces to wipe out common criminals . 
  he 's doing it on purpose . 
  nobody is that thick . 
  its sad but ultimately they chose it . 
  40,000 kilometre sea border ? 
  but how many locations to launch from ? 
  far smaller and easier to police . 
  i personally think its pointless , better to kill the pull/attraction australian style . 
  mate that shopkeepers murder was awful , several mates used to use his shop for cigs , milk etc and he ws always cheerful an interested in what you were doing . 
  radicals like the asshole that did it are not looked kindly upon in a lot of jails here , not something il shed a tear over . 
  pissing off polish lorry drivers sounds like a sure way to earn a mass beating, 
  i need to ask as i 'm genuinely curious , are you saying this is n't true ... or has already happened ? 
  even if not recent ... surely russia trying to act big and mighty by picking on a country thats 1/250th its size is pretty alarming and at the base end of it kinda pathetic . 
  i always think of france and the uk when i remember my interactions with my siblings as a kid , my older brothers could make fun of me and give me a soft slap when needed ... 
  but god help the guy from outside the family that raises there hand against one of us . 
  i love making fun of the french but it 's secretly because we like yis . 
  i had people doing the whole `` bombs blow up in syria etc. 
  everyday , why does one in paris shock you so much '' , simple answer , i can relate to my hairy french cousins a lot more than i ever could someone from somewhere as far as syria etc. 
  along with the native population ... 
  by attaching methane capture devices to each cows bum ? 
  thats fine , i was n't making that point to try and stop you eating meat , i was making the scientific point that cattle and livestock are considered far worse than either our energy or industries atmospheric pollutions and is a bigger driver of global warming than them combined . 
  if people are serious about stopping global arming then at some point we 're going to have to rethink our diets . 
  im not preaching , just repeating what most of the academics already know . 
  dos n't matter if you care about it or not , its still happening . 
  thats not really the case , and academically has n't been either , you prioritise based on level of impact . 
  i studied environmental science before going into energy sustainability professionally and its common sense to target the biggest problems first . 
  livestock has n't been tackled yet because no one thinks they can win the public relations battle . 
  how do you tell 7 billion people that their eating habits are destroying the planet far worse than planes , trains and automobiles and industry combined ? 
   the only way to avoid massive co2 emissions and reduce global warming , is my shifting to non-carbon emitting source of energy i do n't think thats strictly true , livestock will be a far bigger issue in the future with regards to emissions than our energy grid emissions . 
  the global warming potential from livestock methane is far higher than co2 and it already creates more of an impact than energy and industry ... only going to get worse aswell with meat consumption set to double by 2050 . 
  im not bashing what your saying , i work in energy sustainability , but i kinda think that energy is a problem ... but with regards to global warming i 'm convinced that its not going to be the problem . 
  the fucking cronyism in government . 
  `` whats that you helped tank the economy ? , well lets hire you on a ridiculous salary to help fix it because we 're old buddies '', 
  now to be fair , i grew up in cork , and ireland is a fantastic place . 
  i really think the main social barrier to overcome now is the one regarding sex . 
  its just a taboo topic and my own personal opinion is that its because the catholic church was woven into the fabric of irish society for so long that its taking a little bit longer to remove its influence . 
  things like access to abortions and this fiasco should be a rallying point for men and women ( na cailini agus na buachilli ) of ireland . 
  no but lessons are learned surely ? 
  source ? 
  id like to see heavy rain that has caused a risk to life from a power plants out put . 
  not something i ever heard or encountered when undertaking eia 's of nuclear power sites, 
  actually my old lecturers would disagree with this ( studied environmental science , now work in energy sustainability ) . 
  the majority of people within the academic sphere of long term energy sustainability believe that a combination of nuclear and renewable is the best chance we have at removing fossil fuels from our lives . 
  people that dislike nuclear energy for some reason think of nuclear bombs but never remember nuclear medicine and al the benefits of nuclear . 
  the ex head of greenpeace even said that their historical stance on nuclear power was wrong and based on a lack of knowledge and misunderstanding of the technology . 
  the big failures of nuclear ( fukushima and cherynoble ) were both caused by human error , the technology is sound , its making sure that , like in the case of cherynoble , obsolete parts that need replaced / serviced/repaired are done so , or fukushima where the regulatory body for nuclear energy in japan was very cosy with the main nuclear energy provider and did n't actually properly regulate them and ensure safe practise . 
  very correct , we do n't , but the very comparison to fukushima shows a lack of understanding of nuclear power and what happens when malfunctions/meltdowns happen . 
  the main reason for fukushima occurring was bad regulation . 
  coal power kills more people , way more people than nuclear ever will . 
  coal even releases more radioactive nucleotides than nuclear ... and directly into the atmosphere too :d it is a little paranoid but a whole lot hypocritical of germany to be saying this, 
  what about the larger or more prosperous countries that are n't really fussed about threats like that ? 
  say uk or norway etc. 
  yes . . it was all that simple . 
  this is n't correct at all . 
  and you 've done that thing that usually i do n't see in this sub where europeans are generalised as 1 country . 
  the primary pacifist in the uk in the lead up to the war was chamberlain ( mr peace in our time-naive asshole ) . 
  so yeah there was him ... but on the other hand there was churchill who was spoiling for a fight that he knew was coming since 1933 . 
  you also do n't understand the mood of the time . 
  people did n't believe hitler was mad enough to really want the majority of europe , until poland was invaded there was a real belief that another war could be avoided . 
  so when it did kick off it took a while to bring re-armament up to scratch ( also took the americans and russians a while to bring their re-armament programs up to scratch ) . 
  and a good thing aswell , britains ability to produce fighters and bombers to the capacity they did ( the germans majorily underestimated the manufacturing capabilities the raf had at their disposal and is a major reason ( after the invention of radar ) that thy won the battle of britain . 
  easy to say . 
  my mum said this during the 2008 crash when loads of people in her profession ( medical doctor ) were leaving ireland at high speed , she stuck around , continued to work , national unity and `` ca n't abandon my people in hard times '' was her thoughts . 
  she 's got little or no pension , no house at 55 ( she was going to buy then the crash came ) , is paid shit compared to her colleagues all over europe , is taxed at 60 % and this is being one of the most specialised doctors in her field in the country . 
  its easy to say you 'd stay until you actually experience these difficulties, 
  with a bottle of the commotion lotion , buckfast , of course, 
  you langer !, 
  and we all know when they say ` asian ' they meant thai , chinease , japanese , korean etc. 
  no its not , its not that black and white . 
  i said it may not be right ( racist / homophobic marches come to mind ) but even if i do n't like some dosnt mean they should be disallowed . 
  i do n't know where you got that from ?
