  opting out of the quota system was politically sensible as it reflects the general mood of the population . 
  i have no issue with refugees , these people need protection and should be granted it . 
  however pissing and moaning about the uk and ireland etc.not being as welcoming as your own country is n't constructive , its more like a tempertantrum . 
  and normandy !, 
  no problem buddy . 
  and thanks you for your beautiful blonde hotties . 
  cooperation rocks !, 
  the demographic timebomb is only solved if the influx is of educated people capable of paying tax to help pay for the aging old farts health care , are the majority of refugees educated enough to meet that criteria ? 
  i honestly have no idea, 
  that sounds good on paper but i think rewarding illegal migrants is an insult to the many people that try legal channels and fail . 
  also a great many do n't want to integrate into our society . 
  and 40 thousand holiday makers, 
  stockholm or helsinki in the summertime, 
  when you say they contribute more i 'm assuming you mean as a percentage of gdp ? 
  i ca n't imagine estonia contributing more in real cash terms than say france, 
  help is definitely needed but sending our military seems a little excessive , what can they really do that french police ca n't ? 
  send in the parachute regiment ? 
  park a nuclear sub of calais on the coast ? 
  cool fly bys from typhoons ? 
  the idea of british troops monitoring the border for immigrants feels a little too ` children of men ' for me, 
  i have both an irish and a british passport and am really glad my mum took the insight when we were kids to make sure we had both, 
  visiting for a week next month to see some friends , iv put aside a separate norway beer fund for this !, 
  if you look at scotland the water table is only dangerously low around distilleries :d, 
  i agree , there definitely is a reason migrants are camping in calais , un-secure external eu borders would be it . 
  what 's wrong with the uks ' policy ? 
  we opted to control our borders and the situation in calais has shown it to be a wise decision . 
  im genuinely of the opinion that we do need a system where we avoid rewarding those entering illegally ( excluding refugees ) . 
  serious backfire as you find a load of finnish and polish people descending aswell, 
  haha no your grand . 
  the only stereotype i fit into is the fact that i adore square sausage . 
  have you ever tried it ? 
  my friends in ireland would n't believe me when i said we had delicious square sausages in scotland, 
  i 'll be honest ... it looks too much like a deep fried turd for me but my mates have tried it drunkenly and said it was fantastic, 
  iv never viewed my bi-weekly battered deep fried haggis as anything but a healthy source of protein, 
  they do n't just hate us though , isis have killed an absurd number of innocent muslims who did n't follow islam to the ideals of is . 
  they are rabid dogs that need put down . 
  survivors would glow in the dark ... 
  easier to hunt . 
  good thinking !, 
  survivors would glow in the dark ... 
  easier to hunt . 
  good thinking !, 
  you 've clearly never had a bag of tayto, 
  i think scotland and ireland are culturally identical asides from accents and funny monies, 
  do n't crucify me but my stepmums finnish and she 'd say estonia would be closer to finland than sweden . 
  any thoughts ? 
  so the number of british people across the continent receiving benefits compared to the number of immigrants receiving benefits in one country ? 
  maybe its just me , but my friend who only speaks scots gaelic ca n't read irish but can hold a conversation with me no problem when i speak irish instead of scots . 
  what i wrote their was irish but i actually speak both . 
  mums from ireland ( cork ) and dads from scotland . 
  lived in both countries and went to schools that were taught in each language respectively and i 'd say the main thing is that they 're harder to understand if you compare them in writing but in conversation its not much of an issue in my opinion, 
  tricky question , i think we would have had a few rough years but in the end we would have been ok . oil prices are low and it was silly to place a lot of faith in them especially as many in scotland were voting yes more so we could take control of our policies . 
  right now its easy to say that the low oil prices might have damaged us ... but ... and its a big but , an independent country would have been able to forge its own economic policy to counter it so we 'll never really know . 
  in all honesty i 'm half irish and lived their for 10 years so this may be a little biased but i do n't believe in the monarchy or the lords . 
  it 's a system that while they say they have no power , the majority of the land in scotland is owned by old families who had it granted to them centuries ago ... hardly democratic . 
  i have no ill will towards the monarchy as people and actually feel pretty sorry for them in many respects but as an institution i feel its incompatible with modern values and equality . 
  as one of the ` yes ' camp , your second paragraph is bang on . 
  forgetting about the price of oil now , we had a chance in the 80 's to set up an oil fund similar to norway ... not doing so was a huge mistake . 
  as you say , most scots think the english are perfectly wonderful neighbours with good ale , nice pies and a healthy mockery of the french . 
  but overall london has become a rule into itself . 
  i would drop my independent leaning , snp voting ways for some sweet sweet federalisation, 
  haha its ok , the falklands is basically one of the few foreign policy areas that british people can actually approve of . 
  i basically think as long as all the people living on the islands want to remain british then they should have that choice . 
  my dad flew in the raf and served during the falklands and has always maintained that there were no moral hesitations on whether they should reclaim the islands, 
  cause conflicts ? 
  that 's absurd , at least read up on the falklands conflict before saying such silly things . 
  the falklands have never been argentinian , they were just an excuse to distract argentinian people from the serious sooal and economic problems . 
  can i ask if you believe in the right to self determination ? 
  to be fair both the main parties handed out house of lords titles like candy in exchange for favours and backing . 
  hardly a good premise for an unelected assembly, 
  i left 2011 , so yeah saw the boom , and the 24k accounts for an increase in taxable income combined with a huge cut in salaries . 
  she 's quite a specialised doctor and relatively high up , she could have gotten a lot more in the uk but did n't want to leave her people in the middle of their trouble as she put it , she 's sentimental like that . 
  my opinion of cork is if i 'm honest , i still love the place ... and thats just a cork person thing  but its certainly not as nice as it was . 
  bit more run down , bit more crime imo , but the locals always have the ability to make me crack a smile ... and by a few pints down the crane lane might just be the closest thing to heaven . 
  i was raised there and visit every 6 months , its a lot worse than it was when i was a kid , she also takes home $ 24,000 less than she did before the crash , she 's a doctor and fairly level headed so i do n't think she 's just nattering on . 
  yeh , came here to say this , my mums ' from cork and she 's maintained that while the numbers are looking better on paper its only through basically shafting everyone left right and centre financially . 
  annnndddddd here comes the parachute regiment, 
  crumbling explain ? 
  sure it has its problems but i would n't say they are anywhere near as bad as many of the serious issues in turkey . 
  the only reason turkey is still a nato member is geopolitics . 
  turkey pursues a strong stance in regards to foreign relations but refuses to deal with its internal issues, 
  one of my favourite places in the world is the old english market in cork . 
  the cheese place their is just superb . 
  can i ask why you even came onto the european subreddit to make that comment ? 
  was it something you thought was realllyyy funny but turns out to be a shitty joke or are you just an utter cunt flap ? 
  but if it all came about from debt did no one think , hmmm wheres the economic growth to account for this ? 
  not really , usually a good standard of living comes with the growth of your economy , not to be cold hearted but heres a difference of feeling like they earned it and actually financially earning it as a country collectively . 
  i think greece should have to pay back what they borrowed , i do n't think it 's fair to ask tax payers of foreign countries to pay for them living large when they could n't afford it and more importantly lied about their finances , but i think it 's really important to remember that it 's the ordinary greek people that will suffer here far more than any government members will ( unless they decide to borrow frances ' guillotine ) . 
  pretty shitty to find joy in suffering , sure they ultimately elected the various gobshites that have led them to this but try and have a little empathy, 
  genuine question , was it wealth they had in the first place or were they living a standard of living that was entirely borrowed ? 
  why were the terms agreed upon in the first place if they 're such a strain ? 
  surely highlighting the issues with the terms before accepting the money would have been a less aggravating way to attempt to deal with the situation ? 
  instead now the general picture is one where a deals been struck but the greek government is n't happy to stand by economic obligations . 
  obviously i know that it was a different government however surely someone must have seen the issue at the time when the initial capital loans were provided to greece ? 
  agreed it is definitely a social issue but my problem is in that you say it ca n't be tackled in 4-5 years , i agree , it should have been dealt with long before then , i ' l concede some blame on the creditors part but only in that they and the eurozone should never have passed on the debt to foreign european taxpayers to save banks . 
  its easier to cry about how foreign lenders do n't understand social issues in greece especially now when times are bad , but it does inherently come back to the fact that as a country greece lived well beyond its means for too long and seem to expect foreign taxpayers money to continue to roll in . 
  the biggest victims are the younger generation who had nothing to do with this but are and will continue to suffer the most for it . 
  again in the same period of time many of the issues raised by creditors were ignored , the pension age in greece is considerably lower than most well off western countries , here in the uk its ' 65 , another good example would include the failure to implement any form of coherent and effective tax policy to prevent the huge levels of tax avoidance prevalent in greece . 
  to sit and say its ' the institutions that greece accepted the loans from fault is a tad unfair when the serious economics elephants in greece 's ' room have n't been addressed . 
  regardless if the haircut had an effect or not , its taxpayers in other countries that have footed it so far .
