but republican = / = tea party, 
  yes but we excell in spartan conditions, 
  yea ... bachman is from `` the red crescent '' which is an area that spans a redneck area on one end and a rich republican area on the other end . 
  yea , it 's actually run by terrorists . 
  hamas is only one election away . 
  it 's not a one sided situation in any way . 
  and in western too , in the countryside or in mountainous areas . 
  are you really gon na say that old timers , who had little formal education , who live out in the village and who live the traditional peasant lifestyle are not european because they do n't know high culture ? 
  those people are the burning soul of europe , they speak in near extinct dialects and they know local legends hat have been passed down for millennia . 
   much more troubles living in us haha yes that 's because they chose to move to detroit !, 
  tell them to go work on the oil fields in north dakota :-)  you can come here , see and make your own opinion . 
  i already have a great opinion of poland , most americans do . 
  you guys went through absolute hell in wwii then suffered under soviet domination and then as soon as you became free you started building a strong society . 
  do n't worry , we all know that poland ( and later ukraine ) will soon become industrialized economic machines . 
  a hard working culture + educated populace + western alignment + rule of law + democracy = success and if ttip gets passed , american investment will heavily flow into poland and ukraine ( provided ukraine 's anti corruption policy is successful ), 
  i think one of the things that is relevant to this affair but is being overlooked is how many economic migrants europe has . 
  certainly , the refugees and economic migrants are not the same but they do result in the same social pressures on european societies . 
  economic migrants tend not to find work ( because they 're is not much work for them or the work there is they are highly under-qualified for ) . 
  often they end up in camps and migrant centers paid for with taxpayer money and often efforts to deport them is met with fierce resistance from the eu and ngos for some reason . 
  so this is a component that pace is not considering even though it is a relevant , important one . 
  this is in compliance with the law . 
  no gay propaganda , so therefore no gay pride parade . 
  also 10 days in jail , not a horrible sentence . 
  remember how they execute people for this stuff in the mideast . 
  people should accept that russia is actually one of the most lgbt friendly countries in the world . 
  he is not an ethnic slav , this is not okay . 
  depends at which temperature the jet fuel burns , on the thickness of the steel beams , and the melting point of the particular steel alloy used to make the beams . 
  this is actually not a very far fetched hypothesis . 
  you know how things are . 
  but does n't sexual indulgence lead to wonton madness ? 
  edit : yes it does . 
  furries are proof of this . 
  you think that stuff really happened ? 
  i was under the impression that those people were groomed by crooked psychotherapists and then their testimony was rigorously upheld by unscrupulous lawyers who desperately wanted to gut the catholic church of wealth and power to further their own personal interests ?? 
  i 'm not catholic btw , atheist . 
  it 's just that the whole thing seems fishy to me . 
  you know how corrupt everything is . 
  as an atheist , i am indifferent . 
  as long as they respect other religions ie no attacking heretics , this is okay . 
  idk europe was never as crowded as these african countries are . 
  look at old photos of rural europe in the early 1900 's -- things were not so bad . 
  slums were not as bad as they are in africa , mainly because overpopulation is so overwhelming there . 
  this is africa 's main problem : overpopulation . 
  why though ? 
  i could see why if it was just in the gay neighborhood or w/e , that might be kind of fun for them to have but why all over the city ? 
  i 'm going to pretend like i did n't read that and continue pretending that you guys are all still self-respecting , stoic lutherans . 
  oh yea lets tear down neuschwannstein and build a giant concrete box in its place !, 
  great idea ... just kidding , this architect is a turd . 
  yes and no , they aggressively stomped out germanic heritage during the first half of the 20th century ( burning german churches , banning / closing german language schools and demonizing people who spoke german in public ) german is still trendy and cool here though . 
  being able to speak german is seen as a mark of high intelligence and of cultural sophistication . 
  serious [ truly melodic  ] ( http://youtu.be/1js6qg6gtz8 ), 
  so sad that everything they fought for is being systematically degraded by eu policy :-(, 
  yea , probably . 
  was n't there a problem with chopping off the limbs of albinos because people thought albino body parts had special powers ? 
  edit : found the link : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-30391163 from article :  there is a belief among some in tanzania that the body parts of someone with albinism bring wealth . 
  because that would be the sensible plan that would save lives by deterring more migrants from crossing . 
  you ca n't have sensible policies , you know . 
  only absurdist policies . 
  oh god save it , our western media is corrupt and unscrupulous to the point of absurdity, 
  as a person with a jewish mother , i can understand where you 're coming from but remember that pogroms were a two-way street -- as are most ethnic conflicts . 
   the tsar was someone that use to blame outsiders for his obvious imcompetence and archaic system outside influence is fact , it 's not up for debate . 
  it 's not a pleasant thought , that 's for sure , but there do exist certain instances when it is morally necessary to do so -- but these are very seldom occurances . 
  it relates to `` the trolley problem '' ethical scenario  the trolley problem is a thought experiment in ethics . 
  the general form of the problem is this : there is a runaway trolley barreling down the railway tracks . 
  ahead , on the tracks , there are five people tied up and unable to move . 
  the trolley is headed straight for them . 
  you are standing some distance off in the train yard , next to a lever . 
  if you pull this lever , the trolley will switch to a different set of tracks . 
  however , you notice that there is one person on the side track . 
  you have two options : ( 1 ) do nothing , and the trolley kills the five people on the main track . 
  ( 2 ) pull the lever , diverting the trolley onto the side track where it will kill one person . 
  which is the correct choice ? 
  1 ) do nothing and let foreign radicals devour millions upon millions of russians or 2 ) neutralize the foreign radical movement by firing upon the crowd [ visualization of the trolley scenario ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-jbz8s-9g1oc/ucq48ak25zi/aaaaaaaaajy/yxnkx0ykur8/s1600/trolley_1.jpg ), 
  i think your analysis is subjective overall and quite extreme when it comes to tsar 's culpability . 
   the tsar did n't allow it any real powers , dissolved it three times in three years because the members were too liberal for his liking , and never listened to anything it proposed the tsar did so because the duma proved itself to be highly susceptible to wealthy influences . 
  he knew so because the duma was not making demands that were in the best interest of the majority of the russian people , but rather in the interests of wealthy lobbyists . 
   the tsar and his government were solely responsible for the 1917 revolution i think you 're forgetting about the war induced famine and the massive foreign involvement  if he 'd given into the people 's demands and set up a tiny bit of democracy 1917 would n't have happened he did set up a healthy dose of democracy , by giving extra powers to the duma . 
  he even abdicated his thrown to accede to demands . 
  there was a huge movement , began by the tsar , to establish a constitutional monarchy based on the english model . 
   they fucking fired on innocent civilians ... 
  such moral correctness it 's was done to prevent a bigger loss of societal stability , which always leads to massive suffering . 
  it was also known by the authorities that there was massive foreign involvement in the movement which indicates that the movement did not represent the will of the russian people . 
   how is this getting up voted ? 
  because there are many people who enjoy intellectual engagement , even if they disagree with what they are being engaged with . 
  looking into the matter i believe that this was a complex issue and must be analyzed in the context of the times . 
  there was a famine in the city of saint petersburg at the time , and as such the city-dwelling people were restless and angry due to lack of food rather than genuine outrage against the tsar . 
  the russo-japanese war was also a factor here , and so the tsar 's forces were preoccupied with events in the far east . 
  this would have made russia look like easy picking for internationalist radicals . 
  it has been said that a japanese colonel funded the protests and the anti-tsarists of saint petersburg of 1905 ; but this might be an anti-japanese lie . 
  it is certain that there was foreign funding for this movement and that this movement would never have happened without that foreign element . 
  it may have been a wise and morally correct move by the authorities to dispel the movement , considering the infernal hell-on-earth scenario that devoured millions of innocent russians following the 1917 revolution . 
  just my analysis , feel free to disagree . 
  you propose a black american to be france 's ambassador to the vatican ? 
  he 's probably protestant , unless he 's from louisiana . 
  dawn-tsig *, 
  the u.s. media reports that instead of a heart , the ethnic russian has a swirling black void in his chest that has a gravitational pull so strong that not even light can escape it . 
  is this true ? 
  do ethnic russians really have black-holes in their chest instead of beating hearts ? 
  but everybody ignores the greatest heist of all -- the theft of prussia !, 
  why no pic of the icon ?
