  unless you have a home and a stable job , chances are a woman wo n't keep pregnant . 
  on the other hand it 's good for the latter children growing up . 
  slovenians too . 
  papal states with the infamous borgia pope as leader could also be a thing . 
  or republic of venice , tough i would n't know which doge to pick . 
   pregnancy at 60 is complicated this . 
  she might have the legal right to the eggs now , but now she needs to find a medical practitioner willing to take on this procedure . 
  pretty risk for the potential mom and child . 
  the ivf also carries with it the higher chance for multiple children . 
   are n't member states free to decide their commission appointments through referendum anyway ( they just do n't do it for obvious reasons ) ? 
  permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply just to put my own pot to the fire . 
  our former chief minister held just enough power to get herself nominated ( plus she was allegedly kinda friends with juncker ) to the commission after it became clear we 'll be having early elections . 
  it was really embarrassing . 
  not just because she basically had the guts to nominate herself , but actually got her nomination rejected due to extremely poor performance at the confirmation hearings . 
  relevant [ gcpgray video - humans need not apply ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu ) . 
  the optimistic side of me hopes for universal basic income and the evolution of culture . 
  if we want to draw out history , was n't it tartar in the pre-soviet era ? 
  they might be moving back now with retirement ... 
  i know a few who stayed in slovenia and have been building houses back home . 
  the older they get , more time gets spent there . 
  it 's pretty much the same for the older slovenians who were gastarbeiters in germany for decades , lived frugally to build a house home and now enjoy retirement . 
  ireland , our st. linguist but yeah - on the indicators all sites should change from union flag to a leprechaun smoking rainbows . 
  i have to say , that 's an awesome name ... too bad you 're a snitch . 
  it 's sooo weird , we have a law that forbids public propaganda ( so called media eclipse ) for the 24 hours before the polls open . 
  supposedly to let the voters contemplate before making the final decision . 
  north is east , did n't you know ?!, 
  thank you so much . 
  this needs to be higher . 
  np , generally i do n't really care , but every once in a while i just ca n't keep my mouth shut . 
   why should n't she ? 
  ftfy, 
  til i really want to learn maltese in case i need alternative employment . 
  no , but they make an excellent liquer aroma . 
  you take them out before drinking it . 
  [ st. nicholas tradition ] ( http://www.radioantena.si/img/gallery/photo/mi_d4119c33-d8f3-4339-800e-af9c07bfbbb4.jpg ) . 
  he visits homes in the company of `` parklji '' ( better known as `` krampus '' ) on 5th of december in the evening . 
  the kids usually have to convince the group they 've been good and the guys in masks leave . 
  next morning there 's gifts on the kitchen table , but also either a willow or a hazelnut young spring stick tied with a red ribbon to remind the kid to be good in the future . 
  not just a slovene thing either . 
  austrians , czech , switzerland and quite a few other countries do something like this as well . 
  [ potica ] ( http://images.24ur.com/media/images/640x338/mar2011/60642878.jpg?d41d ) and [ orehovec ] ( http://www.gospodinja.si/images/gospodinjski-nasveti/orehovec.jpg ) - green walnuts left in schnapps . 
  you can eat them as a quick snack or serve them with cheese . 
  not to mention it 's an awesome tree with a very deep shade . 
  most of my family also has hazelnuts on the property . 
  for snacks , pastries and to scare the children come december . 
  what confusion ? 
  eh . . you 'd be fine . 
  we also have the same one . 
  with a different coat-of-arms . 
  totally not the same in any way . 
  that 's probably because every slovenian 's life goal is to own his/her home - preferably a house with a vegetable garden , a walnut-tree , some vines and a fruit tree or two if there 's room left over . 
  we sure hate to rent . 
  to be fair there is no such thing as a useless degree if the graduate is an awesome charismatic person ( you know the type ) . 
  til uk has territories in the baltics . 
  yeah , but there 's the problem of how the sample is approached . 
  you 'll get markedly different responses if you call on home phones or do on-line response . 
  in italy they do it face-to-face , but it does n't say how individuals are contacted . 
  i would love to see what the response rate to contact is . 
  try / r/askeurope or the / r / for countries you want to visit . 
  but look at the nile o-o, 
  there have been some high profile cases . 
  a while back we had a highly active commission for corruption with a * very * outspoken president at the head of it . 
  imho it is quite politically independent ( both the left and the right had ~ ~ problem ~ ~ criminal members by reports ) , but of course someone with a different political leaning might disagree . 
  there was a case of a finnish company bribing officials so they would win a contract for military gear that saw the opposition leader janez jan\u0161a ( right ) jailed and his supporters occupying the park opposite the high court building in ljubljana . 
  ljubljana 's mayor and later a mp zoran jankovi\u0107 ( left ) was charged with corruption - shady dealings in real-estate development that especially benefited his son . 
  most of the cases have to with nepotism - where someone 's daughter/brother is employed . 
  then there 's the privatisation scandals . 
  basically every citizen got shares after the independence , a lot of people did n't know what to do with them and so sold them for cents on the tolar . 
  ceos became owners and in a lot of cases bankrupted the firm while getting rich . 
  not a lot of illegality with this one though . 
  and the real big construction trial that saw four major players in court . 
  basically they inflated the cost on public works while neglecting to pay subcontractors - leading to delays due to insolvency of the subcontractors and dire conditions for ( immigrant ) workers that did n't see pay for months . 
  also diversion of materials to other building sites ... the case collapsed a large portion of the construction industry the global economic crisis did n't help . 
  because of this the red tape on public contracts has become longer than the equator and everything takes forever . 
  the sensitivity is pretty high now . 
  a local elected official was in the papers last week after an investigation found she used the municipal discretionary fund to get a dozen or so jackets with the embroidered emblem of her political party . 
  ** tl ; dr ** there 's a new scandal every couple of months . 
  however i think now , people have become more sensitive to the issues compared to the post yu malaise . 
  i was pretty damn proud when a corrupt mayor in maribor went too far and the 100.000 city saw [ protests over 10.000 strong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012%e2%80%9313_maribor_protests ) for days . 
  hope you guys are doing better . 
  edit : link fix - switched to the wiki page, 
  we 've been together before and it went decently . 
  imho in slovenia most problems stem from us being a really small country . 
  i can find a surprising number of people in common with pretty much any stranger i meet . 
  a lot of professional transactions rely in part on personal connections . 
  for instance - you need a plumber - you wo n't be looking them up on the internet , you 'll be calling your grandma if her friend 's son-in-law 's brother can come have a look . 
  because if you do it the first way , you 'll get a date next week and will be paying traveling expenses and if you do it the second way , he 'll squeeze you in or swing by after work and you 'll keep an extra cold beer or two in your fridge . 
  you need to get some papers in order ? 
  you call your elementary schoolmate 's aunt that works at the municipality office for advice on which papers you need , how to word them and to not come in on tuesday because that 's when the mean-old-bat is working these kind of cases . 
  this way your papers get settled in a mater of days and not weeks or months . 
  of course i also get a call from my cousin 's ex-girlfriend because ... you might call this networking , but it can be hard if you 're a stranger in the country . 
  monetary bribes are pretty much unknown to me . 
  since i do n't use fb , i 'd be in the same category as my grandpa that uses a computer mostly for e-mail and calls me when word breaks down ( which usually means his zoom level changed ) . 
  you might want to look up the nearest embassy/consulate in case they have a list of recommended doctors . 
  you 'll probably need to coordinate with your doctor anyway to let them know what was lost and to confirm the scripts - i doubt you 'll get them any other way . 
  also contact the police , if you have n't already . 
  not to be rude , but why did you leave your luggage in the car while checking in ? 
  why ? 
  makes lot of sense with what went on in the 90 's . 
  btw us approval got really low around here because since iraq i think ( public was very much against bush decision ) .
