  being in the medical field makes me laugh at the actors speaking gibberish , hollywood procedures and the stupidity of translators when the show actually does something right . 
  ncis , csi , grey anatomy , ... not to mention they tend to translate chemical compounds by phonetically writing them down . 
  * facepalm *, 
  looked at the linked study from the op / u/hjongoldrake , but it 's just one page report . 
  it says the source is eurostat , but they do n't say anything on methodology . 
   eurostat recently published the data for 2013 offering the possibility to monitor the progress at half-time . 
  assuming a linear decrease , the number of people at risk of poverty or social exclusion must be lowered by 10 million or to a total number of 106.6 million after five of ten years . 
  this leads to a theoretical average of 21.2 % of the population in all regions . 
  mainly i just wanted to know why would they use a funky 21.2 to divide categories . 
  it does n't help my opinion of this graphic that it is based on some meaningless theoretical average . 
  or children that ca n't take part of after-school activities because parents can pay the fee . 
  this and transparency is why [ the slovenian association of friends of youth ] ( http://en.zpms.si/home/ ) is probably the most trusted and beloved charity around here . 
  i feel subbed tv is great for children to be forced to learn decent reading skills . 
  read fast , learn a foreign language or be forever confused . 
  nope . 
  pretty much anyone communicates in english across borders in europe . 
  it is de facto language of the international science community . 
  / r/europe is in english despite a good number of people do n't have it as their first language . 
  meeting someone under 40 outside their country without even the basic command of the language is * weird * . 
  unless they 're french . 
  i was on vacation in croatia and the same happened to me . 
  i was asked to explain the pictogram on a parking machine . 
  no english , no german ... 
  i was trying to be optimistic with croatian or slovenian . 
  asked about italian for a joke because i 'm very bad at it ... nothing . 
  incidentally i 've met quite a few italian tourist workers that had french as a second language . 
  hence my paltry knowledge of italian . 
  this makes me wonder ... 
  if you do n't encrypt you 're probably just one straw in a massive haystack . 
  would n't the fact that you encrypt actually be a burning red flag to an agency ? 
   mariana gabor , has only 20 years and 2 children  vijai plate ( 4 years ) and justin ( 2 1/2 years ) damn ... 
  including chloroform . 
  with a very funny/disturbing invention story . 
  but we have [ the oldest vine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_vine#old_vines_around_the_globe ) . 
  that 's interesting , i 'm a lefty going clockwise on 0 , but anti-clockwise on 6 and o part of the 9 and do number 8 the non-mirrored way . 
  thinking about it that makes the first move counter-clockwise too . 
  only when writing out digital 88 in italics . 
  same here , also a lefty . 
  it 's the german way with a different starting point . 
  yes , because for the was centuries before that we were a continent of peace and open-hearts . 
  / s i think people kinda forget that european people used to be quite enthusiastic about that `` glory to the fatherland and the almighty '' killing business until we got a reaaaaly large dose of it and the resulting hang-over made us swear off of it . 
  it 's the reason for food prices going up ( or to be more precise it 's because euro ) - my preferred coffee when i was in high-school 100-120sit or 40-50 cent now 1.20-2 .00 euro . 
  that and the lasting austerity measures due to the financial crisis to avoid troika coming in - but we still put in the money for greek bailout . 
  the one thing i agree most with is the ice-wine thing . 
  we make it too , it 's delicious substitute for desert , if fairly expensive :(, 
  not to mention the languages : * slovene * : sloven\u0161\u010dina ( slovenian ) - slovin\u010dina ( slovak ) and * slovak * : slova\u0161\u010dina ( slovenian ) and sloven\u010dina ( slovak ), 
  better than throwing it into the sea or smth . 
  oh , the name always takes me a second or two to sort out : lithuania - * litva * ( si ) latvia - * latvija * as a slovenian - and not slovak - i feel your pain . 
  thankfully the baltic countries are neatly sorted in alphabetical order from north to south . 
  if were talking words - expected and deserved have very , very different meaning . 
  i 'd say in the current climate asylum centres are becoming expected to have higher presence of crime , but that in no way means they 're deserving of it . 
  but how does this compare to crime per refugee/refugee center . 
  the more refugees there is the more encounters they will have with unpleasant people . 
  and type of crime does matter , if the rate of major bodily harm and arsons is climbing quicker than the rate of verbal abuse , that is imho incredibly worrying . 
  in the outdoor roofed patios , caffe gardens and the like smoking is allowed if less then 50 % of the border is closed . 
  also smoking is n't allowed outside on the grounds of some public institutions - schools , hospitals . 
  the latter is usually ignored by the patients . 
  the numbers seem more accurate for a larger apartment in ljubljana . 
  on a finite planet only economists and lunatics expect endless growth . 
  my personal experience with muslim says otherwise - and i do know some quite well . 
  the most liberal of them are not even close to the most catholic of my old uncles . 
  and even if it is anecdotal evidence , these statistics do not help . 
  that letter has been called into question . 
  i would like to see some investigative work done about the rhine story in that letter . 
  the guy is quoted as saying he 's not a neo-nazi , because he is a nationalistic socialist . 
  we 're just a transit country but the army , ngos and the local restaurant are helping with the cooking , we 're getting international volunteers for all kinds of work and even doctors without borders are pitching in . 
  other than that all reserves have been called in and some policemen have been complaining on pulling 20 hour shift multiple days in a row . 
  one even said now is the time to rob a bank if anyones interested . 
  however looking at this poll together with western nations listed in the articles shows just how wide the gap is . 
  not to mention even the more telling questions of should a woman work outside her home ? 
  and when the jobs are scarce should a man have more right to a job than a woman ? 
  not to mention that when they asked muslims if a woman can decide to ware a veil ? 
  persons that disagreed were 3 % turkey , 8 % indonesia , 9 % lebanon , 34 % pakistan , 48 % egypt , 50 % jordan , 53 % nigeria . 
  that 's not good imho . 
  and no talk about compensation for the tickets after they had the privilege to enjoy one-song-concert ? 
  damn ... 
  this reminds me of another [ rabid fangirl brigade ] ( http://www.ranker.com/list/top-10-batsh_t-insane-twilight-fan-moments/mark ) . 
  i would n't be surprised if this girl could actually qualify for police protection . 
  i was half expecting a picture of a stray dog on the metro . 
  ** tl ; dr ** no really i just tl ; dred . 
  and i actually * love * surveys - unless they 're send to me in word to fill out or are this * thing * . 
  there 's a bigger difference between having a nuke and having a nuke that can go places . 
  but it does n't disprove his position . 
  it 's like saying to fat doctor that he ca n't tell to go on a diet because he 's not ( obviously ) dieting . 
  let 's agree it was used in a pissing match between russia and usa for the last half a century or so and leave it at that . 
  some take [ bicycles through russia to norway ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/10/world/europe/bypassing-the-risky-sea-refugees-reach-europe-through-the-arctic.html ) . 
  a demonstration in front of the usa embassy at least . 
  it has to be on a sunday ( being work free day and all ) , they 're talking late december or even january . 
  like the last time the attendance will be probably incredibly low and i would n't be surprised if the conservatives won . 
  the good news is that nussdorfer - the humans rights attache - said that she will be appealing to the constitutional court for a ruling of the law itself based on discrimination if the referendum succeeds . 
  yeah , we did . 
  it had abysmally low attendance since most people do n't care about it one way or the other . 
  of course the conservatives came out in droves publicly supported by the catholic church . 
  no , as it was said they ruled that parliament ca n't stop a referendum . 
  but vlasta nussdorfer , the human rights attach\u00e9 , did say she 'll appeal the constitutional court to make a [ decision on the law itself ] ( http://www.delo.si/novice/politika/referendum-varuhinja-napoveduje-ustavno-presojo.html ) , if the referendum successfully repeals the law . 
  it was a compromise . 
  the religious conservatives are mainly fighting it on the right to adopt . 
  never mind that yearly adoptions in slovenia can be counted on one hand and the new parents must be state verified saints . 
  well remember how in slovenia they burned tents when they felt that things were n't moving fast enough ... 
  that does n't mean they wo n't try for them or accept them happily when offered .
