  the police said they took photos and basic info , but they wondered at the sense of it since a lot of them where without id and every other youngish man seemed to be born on 1st of january 1998 . 
  our far left progressives just do n't care to make the distinction - because borders are an artificial social structure constraining the fundamental right to freedom of movement - migrants should go wherever they want to . 
  some of the reasoning is pretty insane . 
  you mean like rabies ? 
  is it bad that my first thought was : '' did the queen die ? '', 
  i meant it more in the fashion that in general old people always come to vote , but sadly younger people just ca n't be bothered . 
  and old people vote religiously . 
  ca n't blame her there as far as politics go . 
  angela merkel sound so much better than angela sauer , especially if she get 's announced last-name first . 
  imho the more religious the politician is the more likely his voters are to forgive them their trespasses . 
  as long as they go through the repentance circus that is ... 
  in a year we can try again . 
  and try , and try until we succeed . 
  the parliament might as well put those 3 mill into the yearly budget . 
  he 's the only one with positive score , what more do you want ? 
  the previous ambassador was an ass . 
  slovenia is a bit lacking in this map . 
  we have : * miklav\u017e - st. nicholas , the oldest as far as tradition goes and is accompanied by parklji ( krampus ) that drawn naughty children in rivers and wells . 
  kinda catholic and dresses as up with a bishops crook and hat . 
  * bo\u017ei\u010dek - you 're run of the mill santa in red and white with a sled pulled by reindeers , brings presents on christmas eve * dedek mraz - grandpa frost , populirazed in the times when yugoslavia and soviet union were bffs , brings the presents on the sylvester eve . 
  has a nice fur hat and a brown long coat . 
  all three of them are very good friends - we call the trije dobri mo\u017eje or the three good men - and often seen together in public squares in december handing out candy to children . 
  we usually [ fill the with cheese and prosciutto then grill them ] ( http://images.24ur.com/media/images/640x338/mar2011/60641740.jpg?d41d ) . 
  yum , love it grilled or in a salad . 
  the colistin resistant e. coli has probably sprang up in chinese pigs . 
  ( it was found both in pigs and imported pork - [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3vtcoa/superbug_resistant_to_lastresort_antibiotics/ ? 
  ) 's the / r/europe disscusion on it from two weeks ago . ), 
  animals are preventively drugged with massive amounts of antibiotics in their feed forcing the bacteria to adapt and develop resistant strains . 
  some of those then cross over to bacteria that makes people sick . 
  rights regarding adoption would n't change . 
  adopting in slovenia is both * rare * and * incredibly hard * to achieve . 
  the conservatives ran on the platform of orphans being given to `` abnormal '' families - because all children need a mother and father to grow up into normal adults . 
  after being raised into a responsible adult by a single mother it makes my skin crawl . 
  in the televised debate they talked about little boys being dressed in tutu 's in kindergartens and therefore maliciously confused by their homophilic teachers , how every `` real man '' knows this is wrong by instinct and now only the mothers need to step up the defense of true slovenian families . 
  how exposure during early live to the female sex hormones affect the amount and liveliness of sperm in adult mice . 
  there was a lot of fear-mongering and conflation going on and i have to say the rights activists dropped the ball by playing as if they 're above such statements . 
  there was just a lot of had shaking and chuckling going on instead of some actual counter-debating . 
  and yes , i know how important it is to enshrine such laws into the constitution it 's why i went to vote yesterday . 
  because it would give greater security to same-sex couples and simplify legal matters . 
  the civil union law can be pretty easily amended or abolished with a change in the parliament in comparison to a constitutionally enshrined right . 
  also while same-sex civil unions do offer same rights they are harder to achieve and might require quite a bit of lawyer involvement . 
  some rights being assumed by default under marriage need to be filled separately for civil unions . 
  being covered instead under the constitutional definition of marriage would simplify things , the same things affecting same-sex couples would affect traditional marriages it would make it much harder if not impossible to legally impose something on the former while not the latter . 
  right now that is much easier since marriage and civil union are two different entities as far as law is concerned . 
  there was no grouping !, 
  it was just the propaganda of the right . 
  this was about expanding the constitutional definition of marriage . 
  so people that are now recognized under the term of a civil union could legally call themselves married . 
  this is simply a pr disaster for the lgbtq movement . 
  there 's no law that says adoptive parent ( s ) need to be married , which means same-sex couples and single persons are n't excluded as is . 
  not to mention adoptions in slovenia are * incredibly * rare and you need to be a close blood relative and a certified saint to get it done before the child reaches majority . 
  the system irl heavily favors long-term fostering . 
  we have civil unions . 
  this was about expanding the constitutional definition of marriage ( and incest ) , and civil unions would transform into marriages . 
  the actual rights would n't change one iota . 
  and the right ran the whole campaign on '' * think of the children !!, 
  * '' platform , despite this law not affecting adoption laws in any way . 
  the thing is ... ... adoption was n't even at the outskirts of changes with this law . 
  it was just about expanding the constitutional definition of marriage ( and incest ) which would replace the already established civil unions for same-sex couples . 
  that 's it . 
  as far as actually rights go - be it inheritance , tax , adoption of health-care , and so on , nothing would change in practicality . 
  except that now same-sex couples could now legally call themselves married instead of being partners in a civil union . 
  and beautiful fjords according to vikings - that tv show on history channel, 
  tbh all i know about moldova is what a boy that went to school with me for three years said sometimes ( they moved in fourth grade when his dad got a job and neither the boy nor his older sister spoke a word of slovenian or english at first ) who was rather rude so we never really became friends . 
  i do think he also spoke some russian , might that be what i remember ? 
  might have mistaken it for serbian . 
   honestly albanian to me sounds nothing like russian , ditto for romanian and portuguese . 
  ukrainian and moldovan on the other hand ... ... a different matter . 
  otherwise out of the three i understand albanian the least , ca n't even pick singular words out . 
  out of the all non south slavic languages czech is to me the easiest to identify , because it has a very similar cadence to slovenian , it just sounds like it has more \u0161umnikov and some oddly placed vowels . 
  apparently it 's the same for foreigners - i 've been asked , if i speak czech , also slovak and polish . 
  i 've also had some latin , so greek does n't sound quite right to me as spanish and italian do . 
  those two seem different to me mainly in the attitude of the speaker . 
  italian is soooo emotional . 
  portuguese is like spanish but with a sharper rhythm and shorter vowels . 
  tap water all the way . 
  people only buy bottled water when away from home . 
  in my age demographic ( students ) pretty much everyone has a refillable bottle ( without bpa of course  ) and you can fill them at water-fountains or better maintained bathrooms ( in libraries for example ) . 
  people buy mineral water by case loads - for a \u0161pricar or three . 
  same here , for dentistry . 
  my scholarship is higher because of the chosen field of study . 
  and you only invite people you know ... and usually they help you clean up in the morning . 
  at least how it works in my circle of friends . 
  that 's because in most places if you want to go out right after eating you should ask for the check as they clear your table . 
  otherwise it 's assumed you want to stay a while to chat ( which most people do for 10-15min to let the food settle and finish the conversation ) , when you 're ready to pay you then flag down a waiter and they 'll bring you a check asap . 
  45 min sounds like the upper limit for chatting after meal without ordering anything else and this is way they bring you the check - you 've overstayed without ordering or flaging down your waiter for that check . 
  there 's a book i read a while back that shows what experiments of the nazis and the japanese ( unit 731 ) affect medicine to this day . 
  frost bite formation and general exposure to cold ( time and temperature wise ) are two of them . 
  waste not , want not , i suppose . 
  on a more contemporary note , it seems north korea has some questionable practices as far as treatment of ( political ) prisoners goes . 
  though recounts of escapees makes you wonder if it 's just torture with white coats on . 
  and yet ... every now and then you get a bright eyed ideologists suggesting involving criminals in prison in medical experiments would be a feasible way for them to repay the society . 
  bonus points if they 're also animal rights activists who strongly oppose to any lab use of live animals . 
  but now i 'm getting off topic - it 's a bit of a rage button for me . 
  stay back , there will be flames . 
  why i am getting a weird sense of deja vu ? 
  like i read this before ? 
  oh , right , maybe because bbc [ reported on this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30183711 ) back in ** 2014 ** . 
  yeah . . it 's just so unbelievable that antibiotics classified critical by who can be thrown willy-nilly into animal feed . 
  there was a case here a few years back when a patient landed in the icu of the clinic for the infectious diseases with a pan-resistant infection .
