  croatia have started to drive unannounced buses toward the slovenian border . 
  300 refugees were bused to the green border and illegaly crossed , they weathered in a tent on a football field . 
  a new train is expected and slovenian authorities worry the train will be evacuated in croatia and refugees herded toward closed border crossing , with refugees still caught in the no-man 's - zone with slovenian border police not letting them enter and croatians blocking the way back . 
  as of 12.00 2700 refugees crossed into slovenia . 
  * [ minister of the interior vesna gy\u00f6rk\u00f6s \u017dnidar ] ( http://www.delo.si/novice/politika/gyorkos-znidarjeva-kje-je-24-000-kapacitet-s-katerimi-so-se-hvalili-na-hrvaskem.html ) * said that austrian capacity are curently full and slovenia can not accept more refugees . 
  because of that we can not be sure how many more refugees are headed our way . 
  it is a fact that slovenia can not handle the increased flow of refugees . 
  i have to ask myself where is the 24.000 lodging capacity croatia boasted with or if they 've stepped into a role of a carrier . 
  she added that no matter what help to children and women wo n't be denied . 
  during the day we will try to reach cooperation with croatia , otherwise things might get complicated . 
  he supports closing borders . 
  the cabinet is vary of germany closing it 's border in which case it is a realistic chance that slovenia will be saddled with more refugees than indicated by quotas . 
  ] `` given the circumstances we will increase our border control with police and logistic support of the army where needed . 
  this includes technical measures . 
  he does n't believe germany will close it 's borders . 
  in his opinion slovenia should take all measures to keep the flow of refugees below the level that would cause internal unrest . 
   here you are that 's an awful site tough , based entirely on self reporting and some dubious choices for life expenses . 
  my thoughts exactly ... 
  maybe , * maybe * that means that for that particular industry it 's actually better for them to be combined . 
  to be fair the kurds should have a country to call their own . 
  literally the only thing i know about swiss political parties is that [ apparently svp are fond of sheep ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01752/picture-2_1752355c.jpg ) . 
  how much power does a region a a collective have ? 
  i really , really hope so ... 
  but lets face it when europeans go far right we go right into the terrifying territory . 
  as of now there are 2372 refugees staying overnight in temporary centres and the border police say they 've closed the border for the night ( refusing to accept late evening buses ) . 
  four afghans applied for asylum . 
  the weather was awful this week , raining non-stop except for today and yesterday afternoon . 
  but there 's more rain forecast for tomorrow and a yellow alert . 
  it 's getting cold * and * wet . 
  sleeping under the sky is n't an option anymore . 
  in my experience were xenophobic because people do n't move around much . 
  we tend to put down roots for the long haul . 
  for instance my family has lived in the same area since the 13th century and the same goes for most of our neighbors . 
  mother of my grandparent 's friends moved from the next valley and everybody knew she was n't really * really * `` ours '' . 
  this has changed in the last 15 years or so , but people outside of city know `` everybody '' living close and their aunt in australia/germany/argentina . 
  call your great aunt if her friend 's niece 's husband 's brother can come over to have a look . 
  foreigners stick out like sore thumbs with no connections and it takes a couple of months for people to slowly warm up . 
  [ delo : slovenia rejected the additional train with 1800 refugees this afternoon ] ( http://www.delo.si/novice/slovenija/prebezniki-begunski-val-slovenske-meje.html ) * until 14.00 1700 refugees left lodging centre \u0160entilj for austria with 200 waiting . 
  unofficially salzburg lodging centre is already full . 
  * four afghan citizens have asked for asylum . 
  * the majority of refugees crossing are citizens of syria , afghanistan and iraq . 
  * as of 12:45 1200 people arrived by a scheduled train ( sredi\u0161\u010de ob dravi ) and 600 by buses ( peti\u0161ovci , gru\u0161kovje ) . 
  six buses were announced for 17:00 at obre\u017eje border crossing by the croatian police . 
  edit : link, 
  * live : bo\u0161tjan \u0160efic , state secretary of mnz ( ministry of the interior ) : in the afternoon we are expecting additional 300 refugees at the obre\u017eje border crossing . 
  croatia would like for slovenia to accept 5000 refugees daily . 
  but we have austria on the other side that does not want to accept more than 1500 people daily secretary \u0160efic explains . 
  we can not afford to accept more than we pass on , because this would mean that there would be 35.000 refugees in slovenia in ten days and that '' would be unacceptable '' . 
  nonetheless slovenia is prepared for such an eventuality \u0160efic assures . 
  while the majority of the migrant leave the accommodation centre in \u0160entilj soon after arriving , three afghan citizens have applied for asylum sta reports . 
  \u0160efic : we have to respect the fact that the target countries - sweden , germany and austria - have started to limit or will start to limit the number of refugees they accept . 
  we have rejected an agreement to accepting an additional train with 1800 migrants . 
  until now four refugees have applied for asylum . 
  in a press conference bo\u0161tjan \u0160efic , state secretary - mjz : we 've managed to tend to all refugees crossing into slovenia . 
  the majority of refugees are citizens of syria , afghanistan and iraq . 
  as far as i 'm aware the only disclosable non anonymised information falls under infectious diseases where the center for disease control has to be involved due to large-scale public endangerment . 
  oh , ok . around here everybody keeps to the rifles . 
  the spirit of biathlon is strong with us . 
  yeah ... but what do the handgun laws have to do with it ? 
  also it 's harder to share with a stranger when you do n't have much . 
  i suppose the correct term would be asylum seekers , their refugee status to be confirmed . 
  at least the rivers are cooperating . 
  as of 19:30 the train traffic with croatia has been stopped . 
  lets just hope refugees do n't try to cross the rivers on their own because of the recent rainfall . 
  later on the croatian foreign minister has explained for htv that after the closure of the hungarian border slovenia becomes the only viable alternative for [ the refugees ] to go west . 
  she assured that croatia will talk with slovenia on the number of refugees that can be taken in . 
  pusi\u0107 has also confirmed that plan c is n't croat-slovene , but is in fact croatian . 
  she did n't put forward any details of the plan . 
  under government instruction the slovenian railroads have closed all train traffic with croatia at 19:30 . 
  the same measure was implemented at the last surge of refugees . 
  the tough process of horny teenagers . 
  after raptors ( and corvids to an extent ) got protected status pidgeon numbers started to go down quickly . 
  now i have crows , ravens and kestrel dominating airspace outside my window . 
  oh , and young owls are the worst when you try to sleep . 
  but it 's not a mere hat , it is a ^ fe ^ do ^ raaaaaaa, 
  bigotry in itself is very inclusive . 
  no matter your background or situation you can fall into it 's grip . 
  but , yeah . 
  this is n't racism . 
  it 's bigotry , might be xenophobia of the islamic flavor . 
  the article is behind paywall :(, 
  aaaand our posts have special departments dedicated to rerouting international mail . 
  uh ... by that point i 've given up on waiting on translators and ( my mom ) bought the books in english on the day of international release . 
  i know that in the movies they 've ( sometimes/sometimes not ) kept the original names and just made some sort of explanation in the subtitles along the translation . 
  looked it up : mark neelstin  mrlakenstein, 
  tell me about it . 
  in my generation of medical school less than 15 % of enrolled students were male . 
  our lab group of 10 had 3 guys and we were standing out to the point that assistants made comments on it . 
  so sad . 
  on a good note , male medical technicians ( unisex nurse title ) are becoming more common . 
  this reminds me of an old joke ... an albanian is buying an apartment from a serb in belgrade . 
  they agree on 20k marks . 
  the albanian ask : '' sooo where are you moving to now ? '' the serb says : '' zagreb . '' albanian : '' you know what ... let me give you 30k and you buy an apartment in ljubljana , so you wo n't have to move twice in five years . '', 
  yeah ...  but vjekoslava amerl sakic , a doctor specialising in family medicine , told croatian newspaper 24 sata that `` up to four months could pass before the first marijuana-based products are available to patients '' . 
   she explained that the ministry will decide which specific medicines are allowed `` only when the first [ thc-based ] substance is imported and when our [ croatian health service ] laboratories process it '' . 
   she said that doctors also need to evaluate all the possible side-effects , dosages and conditions of use for thc products , which can only come after the lab research . 
  ... this will take a while . 
  with autocorrect screaming at you all the way ... 
  at least you get to express your romantic side < 3, 
  try the slavic countries .
