  so even after two troop commanders told him that this was used tobacco , he still wanted to hold a full search for illegal substances . 
  all conscripted personell had to remain at the base , while we waited for mps searching trough the barracks . 
  imagine the shock when they found absolutely nothing , just like the frequent piss-tests indicated . 
  there was a large variety of grades on my base , even though it was quite small in staff . 
  this meant that everybody used the same cantine . 
  it was common to sit with someone close to your grade or from your division . 
  most sergeants sat with privates , the generals with the top staff ect . 
  the captain , on the other hand , always tried to leech in on the top officers instead of sitting with his own division . 
  he was quite a bit younger than the people he sat with , had no common interests with them , and just came off as an idiot . 
  as i said , this was n't a hurr durr millitairy base full of testosterone , but a proffesional work enviroment . 
  it was like a normal employee just sat down to have lunch at the ceo 's table . 
  he was the highest ranking officer that worked in conscripted staff mangement , so he descied that no one should get their berrets if `` they did n't need them '' . 
  the base was organized in a number of divisions , ranging between 1 and 50 privates in each . 
  all outdoor staff got theirs , some divisions had dress regulations giving everybody berrets and the privates from the navy , national guard and army got theirs during their training period . 
  this meant that a small group of us from the air force did n't get ours . 
  being 19 and in the millitairy , getting your berret is a big thing , and the captain did n't make it any better by denying 5-6 of us this little achievement . 
  there was an standing order at the base that privates did n't have to do a full greeting to anyone under the rank of major , because then we would n't be able to go anywhere without stopping every 30 seconds . 
  of course , the captain wanted a full greeting from * every * private . 
  his contract ran out about a month before my service time was up . 
  the new captain came from another division on the same base , and he knew that the old captain was an idiot . 
  so he asked me in to his office while he was getting briefed by the idiot , and started asking me about his job , so that he could show that he prefered my advice over the old captain . 
  i was supposed to be the assistant of the captain , but i mostly worked on troop level . 
  still knew his job better than him . 
  and now i 'll hear this every time i hear this song . 
  thanks . 
  first photo is a service that let 's you transfer your stuff from fable 1 . 
  i have n't tried it , but i think it 's free . 
  second photo is the only piece of dlc i remember from the game , and you only get a promt if you talk to that one guy . 
  i actually found that quite fascinating . 
  i think i 've been in this job for too long . 
  how big was the facility you worked in ? 
  if someone random came to our place , we 're told to call the police . 
  no , that 's all wrong . 
  i have no idea why your friend would lie about such a strange thing . 
  haha . 
  have n't seen that one in a few years . 
  thanks for the reminder . 
  norway here . 
  hot rice grain porrige ( quite similar to rice pudding , but it 's not a desert ) . 
  you put some sugar , butter and cinnamon on it , and serve with a side dish of cured ham and a glass of milk . 
  you can also make a porrige based on sour cream served in a similar fasion . 
  the first thing i thought of was the frat/suburban party : red cups , communal beer from a keg , open house ( in the suburbs ) , people dressing in havaii-shirts , people act like they 've only had a beer or two , someone trowing up after beer number 3 and the music always seem to come from the adjacent room . 
  also thought of barbecues , but we have them here as well , so not as `` typical '' american as the first one . 
   i 've long thought about murdering other people, 
  i want to comment this , but i 'm at a loss of words to describe my reaction to this post . 
  i hope the plan only stays in your thoughts . 
  i 'll try to explain this , but i know i 'll fail misserably . 
  basically , the 49 +49 +1 is a flawed way of thinking . 
  mathematically , it should be 50 +50 = 97 +2 +1, 
  imagine a debit and credit account . 
  the input is 50 +50 . 
  that 's 100 . 
  the output is :, 
  you spend 97 on a shirt . 
  so now you have 3 left . 
  you give one to each of your parents . 
  now you have 1 left . 
  imagine if the shirt was 60 instead of 100 , but you borrowed the same amount of money :, 
  input is 100, 
  output is 60 . 
  and you give 1 to each parent , so you have 38 left . 
  if your original sentence was correct , then i could say 49 + 49 = 98 . 
  then add the 38 , and you 've just made money . 
  is n't that a classic ? 
  for some reason , i have the knack of liking games that turns into classics in retrospect , but the most underrated game i like is probably 7 kingdoms . 
  its a rts * and * a business simulator . 
  they sold malteesers for about 6 months in my home town as a plan to penetrate the norwegian marked , but no chains kept selling them . 
  also , some chocolate from britain with honey ( ? ), 
  in them . 
  it was a bar with golden packaging . 
  imagine a hyperactive child . 
  now imagine one with fur , sexual needs and without diapers . 
  that you have responsibility for . 
  no , it was cadbury chrunchie . 
  i had to google it , because it annoyed me i could n't remeber the name ^ ^, 
  ca n't say what they do in the rest of the world , but in most of europe ( i guess ) , we drink beer like [ this ] ( http://tarannon.com/ol/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/tuborg-sommer%c3%b8l1.jpg ) . 
  to be honest , i think the time of subverting entire cultures is over . 
  you can se that in afghanistan , iraq and chechnya . 
  but if you 're talking about a conventional war where winning is defined in the same way as in ww2 , then the eu could easily beat the us given enough time to build up their armed forces . 
  if it was an alliance between the eu and russia , the victory would be even more descided . 
  the population is well educated and infrastructure is well developed . 
  almost twice as many people and higher nominal gdp than the us . 
  but if you 're talking about a war starting tomorrow , then no one except an intercontinental alliance of the g8 nations ( withouth the us ) would be the only thing that would stand a chance . 
  no country on earth spends as much money on their armed forces than the us , so the millitary build up is critical for any invasion . 
  when i notice that i need to cut my nails , but do n't have time to do it because of work or social obligations . 
  well , wars leads to shortages of many things , so a god logistics network would mean that food could be distributed easily , producing millitary equipment would be more streamlined and the soliders would get to the coast easier . 
  one of thereasons why germany was so powerfull during ww2 was because of the infrastructure . 
  that 's the same reason they failed when the got too far east . 
  an educated population means more engineers and `` useful '' people to the war effort . 
  no , then we mostly drink beer of the bottles and have some plastic cups for wine , drinks ect . 
  the thing that most europeans react to with thise red cups , is that it seems like there is a plastic cup monopoly in the us . 
  it seems like you ca n't have a party in the us without red cups . 
  over here , you just buy whatever they have at the closest store . 
  that way , you never use the same type of cups again and again . 
  it 's just an odd thing you react to when you see movies . 
  imagine that all smoker in every american movie used the same type of purple lighter , or something . 
  that . 
  seems . 
  how large are they , and how much do they cost to rent ? 
  and does that include the beer ?
