  relax , guys . 
  he 's coming to us . 
  once a black and yellow circle logo player , always a black and yellow circle logo player . 
  we have two keepers that played for their national teams , so this is the natural step if we want to stay up this season . 
  ikke akkurat laget for digital natives . 
  this was exactly the kind of stuff i was looking for . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll definitely try this as grill season is approaching slowly where i live . 
  pork is cheap if we 're talking about steak pieces . 
  chicken is more or less cheaper . 
  i also love that mcd cheese , but you ca n't put cheddar single 's on pizza , for instance , so i 'm just trying to explain the stuff i can get here . 
  there is a huge difference between uk style cheddar and single slice stuff . 
  dunno if i 'm making any sense . 
  now we 're talking cultural differences !, 
  i only know of that sweet hickory bbq taste . 
  i probably do n't like spicy barbecue , as i 'm from a country that prefers mild food ( a little bit of chili is ok ) , but i have no idea if i 'm talking about savory barbecue food . 
  we basically have heinz bbq sauce or sweet baby ray 's ( i think that 's from the us ) , and i like the ones with more hickory taste . 
  lasagna is well known here , and i love it . 
  it 's kind of the typical dish i 'm looking for , so you could say i 'm looking for ( what seems to me ) like excotic versions of the same ingredients . 
  i also love is fried mozerella sticks , but i 've never seen a recipe with the ingredients i have avalable . 
  we usualy label our flour by type , i.e. 
  wheat , barley etc and how coarse it 's grounded , and as stated earlier , we get fresh or grated mozarella . 
  do you have any good recipes for that ? 
  i love most things italian , but my problem is again that most recipes demands some kind of ingrediant that just does n't exsist here . 
  we got `` tipo 0 '' flour less than two years ago . 
  northern norway . 
  we have most stuff that the rest of the world has , but not in the same variety . 
  yeah , i 've got a gas grill . 
  i 'm from northern norway , and when it comes to food ingredients everything is kind of odd . 
  even in the hypermarket in town , they do n't really diversify their products , they just add more brands of the same stuff , so we get like 10 different kinds of brie and mozzarella but are almost always sold out of ricotta . 
  and when it comes to american food , it 's even harder to find the ingredients . 
  i could always ask them to take in certain products , but that 's a hassle for them and i 'm stuck paying for a bulk amount . 
  thanks , that 's extremely generous of you . 
  unfortunatly , i do n't think it 's alowed to import food per mail . 
  tried bying m&m s on amazon a few years ago , and they could n't send it here . 
  i 'm from norway . 
  we have all sorts of bans on food import , and truth be told , i 'm not really comfortable shareing my adress with someone i do n't know on reddit . 
  but thank you so much for that generous offer !, 
  i might be mistaken , but i think you 're gon na break the law unless you get a work permit . 
  during the summer , we get a lot of foreginers ( particulary from eastern europe ) to do this kind of work , and some of them get paid under the table . 
  it was a huge deal some time ago , so i would not want to get caught if i were you . 
  i recommend you to go to udi.no and talk to them . 
  if you 're from outside the schengen area , there might be trouble if you want to visit other european countries . 
  i 'm not sure if you 'll get a ban from entering again , but illegal workers are a big deal . 
  for the one or two of you that do n't follow norwegian football , i 'll give you some backstory :, 
  untill 1963 , northern-norwegian clubs were n't allowed to play in the cup or the national league . 
  the main reasons given were quality and travel distances . 
  we had our own northern league , but there was n't a southern league , it was the * national * league and we were left out . 
  in 1963 , glimt had their first run in the cup and reached the bloody quarter finals . 
  it was huge . 
  it united one of norway 's five regions under one club and people traveled from far away to watch them play . 
  from 1972 we were * technically * allowed to play in the national league , but we struggeled with an unfair qualifying system . 
  there were three second tiers at the time , two for the south and one for the north , but while the southern winners qualified directly for first division play , the northern winners had to play qualifiers with the second places from the two other divisions . 
  that resulted that glimt , a team that did n't lose a league game in two seasons ( 74-75 ) , did n't qualify on the first run , like a southern team would . 
  the sense of unfairness was staggering , and we showed those southern bastards by winning the cup in 75 . 
  in 76 we won the playoffs and got to play in the first division for the first time . 
  we got second place on our first try . 
  this was huge , only a few decades earlier , it was usual to put `` northerners need not apply '' when people advertised rental housing in the south . 
  to show that we were just as equal as the southerners was a point of northern identity and self worth . 
  then a lot of uninteresting stuff happened , except another cup win in 93 and fast forward to 2003 . 
  2003 was the end of the rosenborg era . 
  rosenborg had won the league every year since 92 and was a regual in the champions league . 
  at this point i guess anyone not from middle-norway wanted someone else to win . 
  rosenborg had more money than everyone else and vakuumed the other clubs for the best talent . 
  there was now a rule that if you were a talented player , albeight with many exceptions , you had to wait untill rosenborg bought you if you wanted to play in the top divisions . 
  bod\u00f8 / glimt had a golden season that year and was a contester for the title during much of the season . 
  they had a good cup campaign as well and for a time it looked like they we 're going for the doubble . 
  so , what happened ? 
  they got second place in the league , 14 points behind rosenborg and they lost the cup final also against rosenborg . 
  to this day , no team from the north has ever won the league . 
  i did an exchange year in cork a bit more than a decade ago , visited back in 07 and was in donegal last year . 
  in my experience , the countries seem different on the surface but then you start to see some similarities , untill you start to know the finer points of the culture and then the countries seem more different again . 
  we both have similarities in our history - being under foregin rule for hundreds of years , having debates about our national identity and a mass emigration to the us . 
  we were both also quite poor during the 20th century , at least untill norway found oil . 
  we both have societies influenced by jante 's law , or tall poppy syndrome and we celebrate our quirks . 
  you have father ted , we have olsenbanden and we 're both kind of proud of them as a gathering point of mass culture . 
  then we have the differences . 
  remember that my main stay happened more than a decade ago , so things probably has changed , but here are some differences :, 
  - in norway we have ugly houses that look great on the inside , in ireland it 's more common to have beautiful houses that might be more spartan on the inside . 
  - the irish are a lot friendlier and open to strangers , but it 's harder to become as close friends as it is to become close friends with a norwegian . 
  it 's like you have only one level of social formality , while norwegians are a bit more formal to strangers , but more casual with our close friends . 
  - before the oil price tanked , ireland was norway with a 25 % discount . 
  except for alcohol . 
  that was 50 % off . 
  - we have different drinking cultures , but i believe that norway is starting to normalizing our drinking culture with the rest of europe . 
  while we both binge drink on weekends , norwegians tend to start drinking at home around 18-20 , and go to town around 23-24 , staying out untill 03 . 
  in ireland , we went straight to the pub at 15 , changed pubs frequently and went back home around midnight . 
  - not really cultural , but we meassure our cities a bit different . 
  while cork only has a ~ 120000 population , the greater cork metropolitan area has more than 300000 . 
  while stavanger is a bigger city in the way we count , the greater stavanger area is n't close to the greater cork area . 
  i guess that 's the result of ireland being a physically small country , while norway is huge . 
  you tend to focus on the city proper , while we usually count the municipality as the city . 
  sorry guys , the vote 's over , and you 're all wrong . 
  [ in the name of science and vg i declare nordlandsbunaden the best bunad . 
  iirk , the old wooden houses of stavanger is a thing of it 's own . 
  while we have many beautiful houses as well , we tend to have simpler facades than ireland . 
  a bit simplified , the irish use their house money on the outside , we use it on the inside . 
  for instance , when i lived in ireland , almost everybody i knew lived in nice houses but had wall-to-wall carpeting and that strange water heater in their shower . 
  in norway , houses look simpler , but we usually have wooden floors and hot water tanks . 
  olsenbanden is not even really norwegian .
