  astrid lindgren 's stories are dark . 
  the brothers lionheart is about two brothers that die and has to fight the big bad guy in the afterworld . 
  one of the brothers is mortally wounded , so the other brother * kills himself * , so that they wo n't be seperated when they go to the after-afterlife . 
  taylor swift 's boots . 
  strickt customs and expensive shipping . 
  my 70 usd purchase came with an additional 90 usd shipping fee . 
  still beats the price for small bottles here , but then there is the 15 % vat , the 80 gbp custom fee and the fact that i have to be a registrered food importer in the food administration that costs god know how much . 
  if i just buy it in the uk , i can bring it home on my non-alcohol tax free quota . 
  thanks for the offer !, 
  i might take you up on it if i ca n't find a simpler solution . 
  i 've found the norwegian importer , and i 'm gon na see if they sell to individuals and can ship to my town . 
  funny thing , if i lived close to oslo , it would actually be financially sound to fly to the states and buy the stuff if i bought more than 8 liters . 
  [ they forgot poland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mahtgnik4q4&amp;t=0m28s ), 
  looks like a spider bite . 
  as a * female * traveler , there is no precations you should take , unless you are in eastern oslo during night time . 
  seriously , we are live in one of the safest countries in the world . 
  the biggest danger is gon na be nature . 
  just do n't use an electric car up a mountain or hike during winter , and you should be safe . 
  eastern oslo in general was a bad way of putting it . 
  what i should have said , is that there are parts of eastern oslo that are rougher than the country in general , so the chanse of something happening is higher there than in most other parts of the country . 
  they certainly are n't no-go-zones , but they 're not the best part of town either . 
  norway here . 
  both yes and no . 
  we have some specialized high schools that focus on athletics and many school have an athletics program , but we do n't do that whole `` school spirit '' thing you see on tv . 
  in my town , the hopefulls for the local soccer team have their own class that let them both play the game and get an education . 
  [ narvik r\u00e5dhus ] ( https://photos.smugmug.com/narvik-bilder/i-fnpdbkt/0/l/120919_0094_untitled-l.jpg ) . 
  mafia 3 : breath of the wild . 
  linkoln clay is gon na tear calamity gannon a new one , taking over the seedy business of hyrule as he works his way up the ladder . 
  fish farming and cheap electricity . 
  fish farming has been booming for a decade now and nordland county alone produce 10 % of the world 's salmon . 
  the cheap power makes norwegian industry competitable even if wages are higher . 
  for fucks sake , fellaini !, 
  the big bang theory is a great show , and the only reason reddit does n't like it is because it reminds them of themselves . 
  good evening from norway . 
  are you guys in the eurosong this year ? 
  thank you !, 
  this is a great question , and something i would think you 'll get a lot of different answers to . 
  as you might have read , there is always a debate going on before the 17th of may regarding the authenticity of foregin made bunads . 
  i 'm on the side that does n't care where they are made , as i probably never will afford a norwegian made one . 
  i would guess that the other side would not like a `` personal twist '' on a classic folk costume , but i ca n't speak for them . 
  you should keep in mind that every region has a differend bunad , and if you make your own version , you 'll be asked questions about what region it 's from . 
  if you 're comfortable answering that it 's a welsh-norwegian fusion of your own creation , then just go ahead and own it . 
  i * personally * , and this might just be me , think that it would be kinda like having the punk version of a folk costume . 
  i 've never seen anyone doing a samekofte-bunad fusion , for instance , so you might stick out a bit . 
  norwegians are hard to offend , but making your own version of the bunad is one of those things that might offend some people . 
  i 'd just consider it quirky , and even charming if it looks right , but you * will * stand out if you do it . 
  if i had your skills , and again this is just * one guy on the internet * , i 'd consider either making your own bunad in the design of the region you live or a proper welsh folk costume . 
  i ca n't imagine someone being offended by that . 
  3/10 - too long , uninteresting story . 
  played it around 5-10 hours a day for two weeks and even after all that time i could n't get into it . 
  i 've never spent so much time on a game that did n't `` gel '' with me before . 
  after spending a few days collecting shards in the dessert , i just gave up . 
  it felt like an mmo and was a major setback from da :o . 
  i 'm a former student of nord , and i 'm a bit confused by your questions . 
  if you think you are good enough to make a living in creative design ( not my field , but i 'd guess maybe 10 % of students get a job in that field ? ) ? 
  yes . 
  to be honest , i had no idea that the course was in english . 
  are you sure it 's not norwegian language ? 
  few places will hire you if you do n't speak norwegian , and my guess that it 's not a lot of non-norwegian jobs in steinkjer . 
  i do n't know . 
  that seems like the low end . 
  if you can get an apartement for 5000 nok a month , i 'd consider it cheap . 
  that 's 60 000 nok , or half your money , in rent . 
  imho , yes . 
  afaik , nord is spending most it 's money on business admin and marine biology . 
  you 're studying a small field at a small university . 
  have you researched the living cost of norway ? 
  what kind of place steinkjer is ? 
  i 'm not trying to put you down , but if you ca n't speak norwegian you 're gon na have a hard time . 
  holy shit !, 
  i remember having it installed in the early 2000 's . 
  did n't know it was still around . 
  i think it kinda has and kinda has n't . 
  the political astroturfing machines seems to have calmed down a bit , and the alt-right seems to have problems building a strong enough base to really establish it self on the site . 
  there are still pockets here and there , but it seems they have problems keeping their subreddits from getting banned . 
  i think subs like / r/the _ donald and / r/imgoingtohellforthis keeps the most edgy of kids from uniting under a massive subreddit further to the right . 
  remember that reddit turns to a shitshow every time there is an election in the us , and usually the prefered candidate is the one that caters the most for young white men still under education . 
  ron paul promised legalized weed and bernie sanders promised free college . 
  if sanders had been the candidate instead of clinton , i do n't think reddit would have gone full populist for a year . 
  the `` younger '' internet also loves the contrarian . 
  only obama managed to get `` the internet 's '' support while in a position of power . 
  now that trump is in power , the support will yet again shift to the us left with a vocal libertarian minority being contrarian to the contrarians . 
  i think that the aftermath of last year is going to have some serious consequences for the site , however . 
  the subs are getting smaller and strangely spesific . 
  as long as i 've been here , there has always been alternative subs because of mod drama and stuff like that , but it seems to have completely taken over now . 
  / r/me _ irl , / r/meirl , / r/dankmemes is basicaly the same * kind * of jokes , but with strangely spesific molds setting them a little bit apart . 
  the `` funny '' subreddits have gone from having the same theme to having the same kind of humour to catering a spesific meme . 
  there are probably other categories of subs where this also applies , but the funny ones are the most visible . 
  thankfully , it 's still posible to find great subreddits , but i believe that if the front page does n't become less chaotic and odd , people will start looking for a new media aggregator . 
  it 's like when digg died . 
  the content was still there , but the curation became off . 
  in the 90 's in norway , we ususaly played on badboys [ like this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bvehio8imaadqxt.jpg ) . 
  sliding tackles were only done in full kit , unless you wanted to ruin your pants or knees . 
  and holy fuck how bad the state of the pitch was after the ground had thawed in spring . 
  we were in manchester for the last leg of the premier league . 
  since we flew in from norway , we wanted to make a holiday out of it . 
  before traveling we were discussing going to the consert , but descided that we wantet to go to the mew concert instead . 
  hope you 're doing alright . 
  damn right , they have it easy !, 
  my town spent a bunch of money upgrading everything some years ago .
