  we do n't have the same clear definition on the right . 
  the conservatives are imho the only true right-wing party , but the populist party frp are considered further to the right , even though they support many left-wing ideas . 
  you also have three parties in parliament that are considered centrist . 
  one christian democratic party , one social-liberal party and one ideologyless special interest party for the rural areas/farmers . 
  i was just thinking that there might be some kind of agreement between eu countries regarding id . 
  of course i have my passport , but it would be grand if i could avoid taking it with me on a night on the town . 
  thanks for the answer , though !, 
  the most popular sport is probably soccer/football , as in the rest of the country . 
  followed by handball and winter sports like skiing . 
  looks like norwegian television is going to stream it live : http://www.nrk.no/nyheter/verden/1.8345224, 
  if they have a regional block , it looks like a national newspaper is doing the same : http://direkte.vg.no/studio/presidentdebatt-1, 
  i 'll try to answer them all , but do n't be afraid of asking be follow-ups if something 's unclear . 
  it 's hard to compare countries , as they all have some good and some bad with them . 
  my favorite country to spend my holiday is probably poland . 
  it 's incredible cheap , they sell alcohol all night , have beautiful architecture , interesting history and great looking women . 
  fantastic place for a student on a budget . 
  i could say this for a lot of countries , but what makes poland so special is that it 's also incredible cheap to fly there . 
  norway is completely different from most countries . 
  it 's easy to compare it with sweden , but most of europe is a different world ( at least when you 're thinking as a tourist ) . 
  as many tv shows , movies , books etc. 
  comes from the us , we get a bit of insight on their culture . 
  seems like a nice country to visit , but your culture seems to be too different to ours for me to consider living there . 
  public education is ok . 
  there are some differences from region to region , so some of the smaller municipalities have old or neglected primary and secondary schools . 
  high school is owned by the counties , so they are quite good on the most part . 
  universities and colleges get grants from the national budget , so they 're well-funded on the most part . 
  as most taxes go through the state , we should have no real difference between schools , but some of the municipalities have economic troubles . 
  something about been given new tasks without the proper money to do the job and so on . 
  we have more than 400 municipalities , so some are insanely small and have to buy services from larger ones . 
  there really is n't much to say about university education . 
  a bachelor 's degree in norway meets the international standards , so you 'd get a job everywhere . 
  iirk , we 're not represented on the top 200 list of universities in the world . 
  i think the uni in oslo or trondheim was in there at some point . 
  healthcare is probably the biggest political question this year . 
  roughly 1/3 of the national budget goes to healthcare and welfare and i 'm quite happy that the counties no longer have responsibility for hospitals . 
  if you 're sick , you get the treatment you need , but the waiting time for some operations and treatments is very long . 
  some of the hospitals are in bad condition and some are good . 
  there are many things that need to be done to fix our healthcare system , but it 's not like you 'd be in any danger in a norwegian hospital . 
  we 're probably on par with the rest of western europe . 
  we have massive problems with recruitment in healthcare . 
  nurses are paid too little compared to other jobs that requires a bachelor 's degree and you need perfect - yes , literally perfect - marks from high school to get into a program that gives you a doctor 's degree because it 's so many students compared to availability . 
  thing with doctors is that we always need them , but the pay is comparatively worse than in the us ( and i bet most of europe ) . 
  we also need doctors that are willing to move to small places with only a couple hundred residents and a two hour drive to the closest town . 
  no , we 're famously known for being cold in public , but very warm once we get to know you . 
  the biggest social happening is probably the weekend , when we 're all drunk downtown . 
  but i believe that both the way we drink and socialize are changing , as we 're getting more continental . 
  people are stopping to vote , something that 's a real problem . 
  during the last election , i believe some areas were down to 50-60 % turnout . 
  most people have some political compass and know roughly where they stand in regards to political parties . 
  you 're given classes in social studies where you learn about the system in both secondary and high school . 
  the thing with a multi-party system is that they all fight for media attention so political debate , both in the media and at homes , is quite common . 
  some universities even have political organizations running for the student parliaments . 
  members in political parties have been in steady decline for many decades , but after the tragedy at ut\u00f8ya last year , youth parties have seen a massive rise in memberships . 
  i think most people trust that the * state * can do its tasks , as we traditionally want the state to take care of us . 
  people are starting to become fed up with the current government do to a number of scandals lately and because they 've stayed in power for almost eight years . 
  unless something dramatic happens until next september , it 's almost certain that we 'll get a center-right government ( led by the conservatives , backed by the liberals and/or christian-democrats ) , a right government ( led by the conservatives and backed by the liberalist/populist party ) or a major coalition with all four non-socialist parties . 
  norway is an insanely wealthy country that owns roughly 1 % of the world 's shares in our retirement fund . 
  we have a massive government organized in an outdated way , and we can afford it because we have so much money . 
  the finance crisis did n't even hit us that hard , because the government could bail out any and everything , and at the same time just make a ton of new jobs . 
  almost every other european country with more than a million inhabitants ca n't afford our way of doing things , so it 's unfair to compare them with norway . 
  we 're basically the rich trust-fund kids of europe , and could only be compared financially with sweden , denmark and maybe finland and iceland . 
  because of this , almost everything is much cheaper abroad . 
  i pay more for a beer at the local supermarket than i do at fancy restaurant in poland . 
  in fact , we went to the most expensive restaurant in town , just for the laughs . 
  for a three-course dinner with wine and beer , i payed the same as i would for three shots in a bar back home . 
  the worst thing about living in norway is that we celebrate mediocrity . 
  our entire society is all about not sticking out in the crowd or being too flashy . 
  being wealthy is bad , and you ca n't earn much more than the average before you 're paying an extra tax on your paycheck in addition to our progressive base tax . 
  so me , being a business student , will only make marginally more than my friends that became electricians . 
  they had two years of high school and two years with low pay . 
  i have three years in high school , mandatory military training for a year ( they do n't need to because they were trainees ) and five years of college . 
  they make about 400 000 nok a year in basic pay , i 'll be making roughly 450 000 nok when i 'm out of school and will be making maybe 7-800 000 in ten years time if i 'm lucky . 
  but the taxes make sure that our paycheck will be in the same ballpark . 
  a friend of mine had a massive pay rise , roughly 100 000 , but he only gets a few thousand extra every month because of the taxes . 
  it 's quite hard to end up on the street unless you have a serious drug addiction due to social security . 
  that 's great , but when something along the line of half a million does n't work ( there are large `` hidden '' numbers when we count the unemployed because you 're not unemployed if you 're `` sick '' ) something is wrong . 
  we 're also facing a huge boom of elderly people that 's starting to collect their pensions , and that needs to be payed too . 
  the thing is that we have the possibilities of remaining a wealthy country for a long time after the oil runs out , but then we need to encourage people that want to create value . 
  we 're not a industrial nation like sweden or an agricultural nation like denmark or holland , and we do n't really have anything to fall back on when the oil adventure is over . 
  we 're part of the interrail system so you can travel cheaply by train if you come here , but i do n't recommend it . 
  distances are huge ( it takes something like 10 hours from bod\u00f8 to trondheim ) , our trains are in bad shape and it 's totally unthinkable to do a practical investment as we 're just not a country suited for trains . 
  i know they 're talking about investing in some kind of intercity thing in the capital region , because it actually lives people there . 
  for me , it 's just more practical to pay 1500 kr for a return ticket to continental europe than using 24 hours to get myself to oslo , then get to sweden and use their connection to denmark to go to continental europe . 
  you can get a cheap plain ticket for 6-700 kr and the cheapest return train tickets to go to another city is 400 kr . 
  i was interrailing a few years ago and it was a good , cheap way of traveling huge distances . 
  i was in the netherlands a few weeks ago , and you can basically go around the country in a few hours for a negligible amount of money , but it 's a country the size of one of our counties but with twice as many inhabitants as the entire country . 
  preventive healthcare is also a political topic at the moment , but we 're not close to a consensus yet . 
  some years back , the government started giving kids fruit at schools . 
  the kids are throwing it away for the most part , but at least the left can say that they 're spending a few hundred million more on preventive healthcare . 
  all three levels of the government has responsibility for public health , but nobody 's had any revolutionary ideas . 
  it 's basically building soccer fields and having attitude campaigns . 
  if you 're over 40 ( i think ) you 're supposed to see your doctor every year , but i dunno if people do . 
  i 'm only at the doctor if i 've fractured something or need a note about proving i was sick during a test . 
  iirk , it 's about 350-400 kr for a 15-minute checkup . 
  a friend of mine has add and she has to pay around 1500 , i think it was , every year for her medicine . 
  you need to pay a bit , but not much . 
  there will be changes with the conservatives , but you 'd probably just look at it as a little bit less socialism . 
  remember that we have a socialist party in government coalition at the moment , and our left is n't liberals but the real deal . 
  we 've even had communists in parliament in the 90 's . 
  the conservative party 's stance is more focus on the most important things , like healthcare , education and infrastructure .
