  * videogames and the internet is not more important than building human relations . 
  i was in my mid-20 's when i discovered this and has been using the better part of a year to rebuild a proper social circle . 
  meeting women is n't going to be easy when all your mates have kids and stay at home on weekends . 
  * also , high-school is an extremely easy time of your life to make friends . 
  the people around you is roughly your age , unlike the average work-enviroment . 
  disclaimer for bad spelling , as i 'm tired and english is a foregin language to me . 
  by normal people 's definition , it would probably be the time i became a foreign exchange student for a year at age 17 . 
  but for me , it was the time when i just went up to this woman i saw at the club , chatted with her and got her number . 
  i 've never been good with women , and this was a major breakthrough for me . 
  i never discuss my dreams , but there are two that i had to tell to my friends . 
  * when i was in a great war trench fighting germans together with my friends ' two year old son manning the machine gun . 
  * when i was stealthily trying to get out of scrooge mcduck 's dungeon . 
  he was trying to kill me because i was the only surviving wizard except him , and i managed to break into his keep in the dungeon are . 
  most rooms were filled by the bodies of my real life friends after they had been severely tortured . 
  there was a 3-5 cm deep level of old blood in these room , and everything smelled like death . 
  i grew up in a small town in northern norway , so my view of the world was a bit off when i was a child . 
  i believed that :, 
  * it was common with massive amounts of snow everywhere . 
  * there was fjords and mountains everywhere . 
  ( going to denmark was an eye-opener ), 
  * everybody had midnight sun during the summer and arctic night during the winter . 
  * non-white people were few and far between . 
  * everybody lived close to an airport and had to pause conversation when a plane flew over the house . 
  * beggars and homeless people only lived in the us . 
  ( because of movies ), 
  no , there is nothing funny about addiction . 
  my laptop think it 's overheating when i turn it on , so i have to use another laptop to waste my time . 
  i have five of them . 
  takk for det. 
  well , you 've been her a long time and you might just be tired of the evolving stages all redditors are going through . 
  i have n't been here this long , but i 've tired of many of the major subreddits a long time ago . 
  might i ask what kind of discussions you 're looking for ? 
  humor , it , sports , ect ? 
  i 've seen the decline in r/askreddit , so i think i can relate . 
  did you ever try out r/debthub , / r/truereddit or / r/theoryofreddit ? 
  the first two are ok for discussion and the last one is fantastic for understanding what 's happening . 
  i still like the odd picture from / r/funny so i might not me as tired of repost as you are , but i avoid many general subreddits and subscribe to the ones that deliver my kind of entertainment . 
  for example , i have a bit of a mean kind of humor , so i still laugh at / r/dolan and not / r/4chan because i was done with 4chan some years ago . 
  ( excessive cartoon violence is still funny , gore is n't . ), 
  other than that , i 've just been looking at random subs and subscribe if i find something i like . 
  remember that the bigger the site is , the more important the lowest common denominator becomes . 
  reddit is n't a website , it 's a series of websites , so if you find a community you like , stick to it . 
  but the problem is , you need to look . 
  i 'm going to be in amsterdam and the thought of going to an ajax game never crossed my mind . 
  i 've red the other comments and i checked out the websites , and i 'm just wondering what 's the deal with not being able to just buy a ticket ? 
  to buy an entire event for more than 100 $ is out of the question , so this seems strange . 
  would we be able to buy a ticket when we get to amsterdam or do we need to get one of those club cards ? 
  by the way , what is a club card and why do i need one ? 
  as you can see , i do n't follow dutch football at all , and this seems strange for me . 
  is this common in the larger european leagues ? 
  thanks , i never knew there was that much hooliganism in dutch football . 
  now i got really excited about watching a big european club play a game , so this was a bummer . 
  no way in hell i 'll get my friends to spend that kind of money for a football match . 
  most of europe is pretty safe , with a few exceptions . 
  japan , australia , new zealand , and thailand are also popular family destinations , so i 'd guess they 're quite safe . 
  reminded me of [ this ] ( http://knucklesunited.com/2009/11/russian-strippers-invade-a-counter-strike-tournament/ ), 
  i 'd pay off my mortgage and student loan . 
  because we have a tax on owning homes where i 'm from , i 'd save what 's needed for paying the tax for the next fifty years , so i would n't lose it . 
  socializing as an adult . 
  slowly , your friends become less available even though they 're not really doing anything . 
  they 're just sitting at home watching tv and waiting for the day to end . 
  some have kids , some are single , but the threshold for contacting them becomes higher and higher . 
  this applies greatly to the ones that are finished with their education or/and have kids . 
  strange thing is that it seems to be more of a routine than actual fatigue . 
  i would understand it if it was just after junior was born or getting a new job , but after a few years ? 
  the hardest years are behind you . 
  i remember when my closest friend and his girlfriend had their first child . 
  the first few weeks were rough , but it did n't take long before they were both back out there again . 
  now , it 's a three day process just to visit for a cup of coffee , even though their life is easier than it 's been for many years . 
  i think it 's because at one point , you 're sitting there with a new job , so and maybe a kid , so there are a lot of things going on in your life . 
  when you 're back in control , you have n't been hanging with your friends as much and it becomes harder to contact them . 
  also , it 's a lot harder to coordinate an event , even if it 's just a cup of coffee , when you need to account for the kid , work , so 's work , so 's plans , babysitters etc. , instead of just you and your so . 
  again , it would make innovation rare . 
  imagine that you wanted to start a bakery because you found grandma 's recipe for her fantastic bread . 
  now , you 'd probably need funds to start up . 
  why would the investor be interested in risking anything on * you * when they could use the same amount of money on a business already having problems making their profits low enough ? 
  the investor has no incentive to risk anything on you . 
  let 's say that you save all your money for a long time , and now you 're ready to start up . 
  given the off-chance that you succeed , you would be using profits as your salary , because having a fixed salary on your own start-up is a dumb way to ruin the business . 
  this is another problem . 
  after a while , you 're no longer just doing alright , but doing great . 
  your baked goods are the talk of the town , you 've employed a few people to help you out and you 're thinking about opening another shop at the local shopping center . 
  at this point it would be * more * reasonable to go on a fixed salary for your self , but it 's still risky because you 're still a small company . 
  small business owners live on their profits . 
  expansion is the most logical step , but because you have to give away any profits above the fixed percentage to your employees , the only way to do an expansion is through getting a loan . 
  so you get the loan because you seem like a sound investment and open another shop , so now you need more people working for you and your role becomes that of a manager . 
  you 're deep in debt , but because there is a roof on how big profits you can have , you 're not really at a position where you can build the growing company 's equity . 
  what do you do ? 
  go on a high fixed salary yourself ( you 're the one taking the risk ) and save most of it in case you need to inject more money during a bad year ? 
  go on a low salary , maybe just something a bit more than your employees , to minimize the chance of going bankrupt . 
  then you 'll en up as a business owner in massive debt earning the same as you could being middle-management somewhere else . 
  the point is , reducing profit percentages would be harmful for the way businesses operate - including the big ones . 
  profits are used on many things , and most are important for the future of the company :, 
  * building equity , so the business can handle it 's expenses during a bad quarter . 
  * giving back to it 's investors or owners - they 're the ones that had the start-up money . 
  * using money on r&d and other `` non-essential '' stuff . 
  i just wanted to chime in on the political scale . 
  the us scale going from liberal to conservative is n't relevant in norway because both major us parties are far , far to the right compared to any major norwegian party . 
  in norway , a party is considered leftist if they have an ideology based on socialism in some form . 
  for instance , labour is a social-democratic party and are the `` mildest '' of the leftist parties .
