  the houses looks like abandoned mountain cabins , the towns looks like disease ridden ghettos and even the low land nature makes my mind think about soggy moss and wet boots . 
  the setting just makes me feel uncomfortable . 
  it might have something to do with me being from northern norway , but the entire game seems like either a dull october or a treacherous day in april . 
  walking outside in the game feels like it should give me a cold or something . 
  sure , there are pretty mountains and stuff , but they 're nothing special . 
  i had much of the same problems with the fallout series . 
  i 've played ( that 's to say , started to play ) fallout 2,3 and 4 , and the settings are all so depressing , but for other reasons . 
  for my skills ? 
  last week . 
  for my looks ? 
  four and a half years ago . 
  and i 'm not even exaggerating . 
  i 've heard that ds3 is a bit of a challenge , but does this go for bloodborne also ? 
  i prefer to play on easier difficulties , so i do n't think it 's for me if it 's similar to ds3 . 
  since most people are recommending mainly big aaa titles , i 'd like to recommend something else : valkyria chronicles . 
  it 's either a turn-based fps or turn-based strategy game , depending on the way you look at it . 
  it also has leveling . 
  you pick your squad for the mission , each unit having unique skills and belonging to one out of a handfull of classes . 
  then you get to controll them in first person one-by-one , having a determined amount of movement ( f.ex , scouts can move longer than lancers , but are weaker ) . 
  so it 's like a first person chess game where you egt to pick your own pieces . 
  same for me . 
  i grew up playing that game with my next door neighbour . 
  we used to play it over and over and over again . 
  i think it took a year or two before we finally beat it 100 % and got the odd colours on the overworld . 
  the ectacy of beating the second or third level in the hidden-hidden area was huge . 
  the one where every map was named * gnarly * and so on . 
  after visiting new york a few years ago , me and a friend have been planning our great american adventure , where we rent/buy a car and travel the country for a month or two . 
  the appalachian mountains are on our list , and i 'm wondering how you think the local community wold react to a couple of norwegians driving up there looking for a place to sleep for the night ? 
  would we be the talk of the town , invited everywhere , or would we be kinda shunned and be seen as something strange ? 
  the reason i ask , is because we live in the arctic and both have strong connections to different rural areas where our families comes from , so we kinda know * our * small communities and would find it cool to visit the equivalent half the world away . 
  my mother comes from a semi-religious small commuity that 's used to some out of towners because it 's a fishing village , while my friends parents come from a bit more secluded but more non-religious village . 
  both places have less than 1000 inhabitants . 
  thanks , for the answer !, 
  the road trip is still just on the planning stage , and i 'm not sure if we 'll ever make it . 
  at least not in the next two years , anyway . 
  as for the accent - norwegian with a finno-ugric tonality ? 
  really ? 
  what you 're saying reminds me a lot of where my mother is from . 
  during my early teens we spent a lot of time on that island , around a two hour drive , plus ferry , from the city i live in , and every time i brought a friend , all the local old old ladies would ask them * kem du e uponj * , litteraly meaning * who are you under * meaning `` who is your parents '' . 
  every time we went to the store . 
  norway used to have a gigantic merchant fleet before ww1 and there is still some aftermath where every former sailor over 60 + has some kind of expertise on america . 
  basically they met an american , so now they know that they all have revolvers , a huge hat , lives in new york and flies to the moon . 
  i imagine becoming the same kind of stereotype of an european . 
  basically a frenchman with a 2000 year heritage but also with viking horns and long boats if i visit :p, 
  sounds lovely !, 
  local food is usually mind blowing . 
  just fyi , while my friend is tall , i 'm short as a hobbit with brown-almost-blonde hair with some red in it . 
  i look more irish than norwegian . 
  i took an exchange year during high school in ireland and the lads called me gimli . 
  i 'm apparently 1/whatever sami , so i 'm short with strong cheek bones . 
  not a typically stereotypic nordic look , but a traditional one :p, 
  how is the price level where you live ? 
  norway is more expencive than most places , but at least in the rural areas around me , it becomes more expencive . 
  i was actually talking about this with a mate that does n't play much the other night . 
  he is a clompetionist and play games like angrybirds and candy crush . 
  he tried kotor a few years ago and played it so much that he is afraid of buying a console , because he things he would n't leave the house if he got one . 
  i have another mate that finds it embarrasing to be named a `` gamer '' so he does n't play much outside our yearly cs night . 
  untill dawn - rush of blood was my first experience with vr and is to date my favourite vr game . 
  i just wish it was longer . 
  in my opinion , the best way to make it is by using captain morgan original spiced gold instead of red wine or vodka . 
  it tastes less bitter than the wine version and does n't have the alcohol taste of vodka . 
  it also gives a nice hint of vanilla . 
  fantastic post . 
  one question : why several swedish sides and no rosenborg ? 
   you 're not the first rosenborg fan to tell me this, 
  pleace no !, 
  just a normal patriotic norwegian , with no love to rbk . 
  i both hate them from stealing every good player from * my * club and love them , because of the matches against ac milan , real madrid and bvb . 
  janco tianno for me . 
  i 'll try to give you some different context than the other guys have given you . 
  brazil was * the * juggernaut in international football for decades , having won the tournament five times , reached the final seven times ( out of a total of 19 finals ) , and played in four bronze finals . 
  that means that 11 out of 19 times , brazil made it at least to the semi final . 
  they have also qualified for every single world cup , and are the only team with that track record . 
  before the 2014 tournament , germany/west germany was the second most sucessful team , having won the tournament three times . 
  the last time in 1990 . 
  the thing about the world cup , is that the host country usually has an advantage . 
  six times , the host country has won the tournament . 
  even relatively `` weak '' teams like south korea has managed to reach the semi final when hosting the tournament . 
  this was in other words , brazil 's homecoming party and they were by many * expected * to win . 
  so instead of a massive party where brazil celebrated their otherworldly football history by winning the tournament , they were handed a tie for their worst defeat ever . 
  the only other time they have lost with a six-goal-margin in a credited ( counted ? ), 
  game was in 1920 . 
  if brazil lost by three goals , it would have been a disaster , losing by 6 goals was unthinkable . 
  the germans had an insane game , and if i recall correctly , they scored three or four goals in a matter of minutes . 
  it was like looking at someone sneaking a free goal in fifa . 
  after kickoff , the germans won the ball back , played forward and scored in a matter of minutes . 
  this does n't happen when huge spanish , german or english club play against some mediocre nordic or eastern european team . 
  i 'm talking about individual players having higher earnings than the entire opposition club . 
  and it * does not * happen to brazil . 
  the level of wtf in that game created a snowballing effect and the brazilians completely collapsed . 
  the preassure to perform was massive , and while i 'm not sure , i think brazil had a young and relatively inexperienced squad as well . 
  you could see that the germans geared down after a while and if they had n't , the scoreline could have been worse . 
  null stress . 
  do n't forget about the booming fish farming industry . 
  my home county alone stands for 10 % of the world 's salmon . 
  depends on what part of the country you 're going to . 
  i 'd recommend having a meal of smoked salmon , sour cream and flat breat . 
  it 's a simple but great combination of traditional ingredients . 
  you 're completely off season , but if you can get a hold of it , try grilled whale steaks . 
  afaik , the only thing that 's inn season right now is cod , so if you 're going to the north you could either try * skreim\u00f8lje * for the traditional experience , or get a cod meal with potatoes , vegetables and sauce .
