  i think it 's danish . 
  i was just trying to find something that had the same place in culture as father ted in ireland . 
  they 're not really comparable in genre or age . 
  if you can get it in our country , you could try some whale beef/steaklets . 
  cut the beef in about 1 cm deep cuts , maybe 3-5 cm in with and length . 
  make an olive oil mariande with garlic and chili and marinate the meat . 
  cook it , preferably on a coal grill , but make sure that you do n't overcook the meat . 
  medium should be more than enough . 
  well done whale meat tastes like fish oil . 
  if you 're serving it cold , serve it with * flatbr\u00f8d * ( or whatever you have where you live that seems close ) and sour cream . 
  if you 've done it right , it should taste almost like beef , but just a little bitt different . 
  smoked salmon and trout is also great with * flatbr\u00f8d * and sour cream . 
  and it was probably a spoof of [ this masterpiece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zb7fjb_ppq ), 
  reminds me of [ stav hotel ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/41504421.jpg ) north of trondheim . 
  while the e6 probably is n't as busy as the m8 , it 's still the main road for north-south travel in norway . 
  same here . 
  i was becoming bored of 4chan and all the drama around it , so when i discovered that stumbleupon directed me to sites that gathered rage comics i made the switch . 
  after being redirected a number of times to reddit , i discovered the subreddit and made another switch . 
  at some point i also used digg , but that was right before v4 , so i never really became a digger or whatever it was called . 
  while it might be a bit too soon for a remake , i 'd love to see a finished trilogy of his dark materials . 
  tja ... 
  aldri . 
  piggybacking on this since it 's about the united manager . 
  my unpopular opinion is than van gaal should be allowed to finish his contract . 
  united after fergie has been horrible to watch , but at least we 're seing some signs of a rebuilt core . 
  if bastian had a better season and shaw didi n't get injured , i think they would have had a completely different season . 
  they need some kind of experienced world-beater to lift the team like cantona did and i 'm a bit dissapointed because i tough bastian would be it . 
  the team lacks depht , sure , but look at the options . 
  no matter who they buy , they are going to pay much more than the players worth and i think it 's better to build a `` new class of 92 '' and supplement that than buying their way to short term succes . 
  in norwegian we have a saying : peeing your pants to keep yourself warm . 
  i think this is what united are doing now . 
  short term succes for long time losses . 
  i have a few , actualy . 
  i loved watching star trek : tng when i was in my teens and i also loved it the last time i was binge watching it in my early 20 's . 
  i tried to do another run this year , and it just seems so wooden or almost childish . 
  sure , there are good episodes , but for the most part i just do n't care about the plot . 
  i do n't like most super hero stuff . 
  like , i do n't mind watching a marvel movie , but i put them in the same boat as the avereage thriller i watch on a boring weekday . 
  it 's just not something to get hyped about . 
  others have already talked about breaking bad , dr who and the walking dead , so i wo n't elaborate on them . 
  i guess i 'm starting to feel the effect of not being in the target demographic anymore , so i 'll just stick to criminal minds and bosch for now . 
  growth of the soil won him the nobel prize and has a really northern feel . 
  i played with alexander tettey for a few weeks before they sent him to a better youth team . 
  he had nothing to do in the `` we 're just playing for fun '' league . 
  as many have said , there are parking spots in many popular camping areas . 
  if you see a asphalted area in the middle of nowhere by the side of the road , it 's usually for parking when hiking , unless there is a blue sign with a white `` m '' . 
  i do n't think there is a fixed distance for camping , so you should use your discretion . 
  if you stop by one of those parking spots with nothing but nature around it , you could even set up your tent a few meters from the road , but it would be kind of weird if you set up tent just beyond a farmer 's field . 
  the country is full of tourist paths marked by red `` t `` s painted on rocks or put on signs and you should be careful of not setting up your tent too close to them . 
  if you do n't care about your own privacy , then you should at least be 50-100 meters from the path . 
  if you choose to stay close to a path , then be carefull with where you do your business , as many hikers drink the water from nearby streams . 
  i 'm not sure how the rules are regarding campfires , but unless you 're planning on camping right outside a village , most hiking takes place above ( or in the borderlands ) of the tree-line ( at least in the north , where i live ) , so the ground should be dry enough for a camp stove . 
  if you plan on doing any fresh water fishing , keep in mind that you need a licence . 
  they 're quite cheap , but it 's not fun if you get a ticket . 
  a quick google search told me that the ticket was 300 kr in 2008 and i think a licence is around 50 kr for a day . 
  i think either kirkens bymisjon or frelsesarmeen takes donated food . 
  it sure is . 
  i even have probelsm playing warcraft 3 on high settings -, 
  i actually bought a few gothic games some years ago , but never got around playing them . 
  i 'll try those out !, 
  i could n't go because i was short on cash , but bryan robson and denis irwin did an event in my town a couple of months ago . 
  one of them was a bit distant but the other guy got drunk with the fans while watching the tottenham game and nearly missed his flight . 
  i ca n't remember who acted like what . 
  as someone that 's close friends with a guy that wears arsenal underwear on match day , i know this one german player , \u00d6-something , that can make those passes . 
  it might also cause the bantpocolypse , but that 's another matter . 
  i think harald `` dutte '' berg and rune bratseth are considered the best norwegian players of all time . 
  in the late 90 's we also had an insane national team with loads of great players . 
  i 'm in no position to compare them , so i 'm not sure how riise fares against the likes of leo , berg or johnsen . 
  holy bale !, 
  he also did n't say `` comrades '' . 
  even though google translate claims it 's a possible translation for the word * partifeller * , it 's better to translate it as `` fellow party members '' . 
  * partifeller * is a completely politically neutral word and can be used by all parties . 
  to translate it as `` comrades '' gives it a revolutionary leftist tone the word just does n't have in norwegian . 
  i do n't think you can link diretcky to the video on that site , so i 'm not sure if this breaks the rules for this sub or not . 
  i could n't find it on youtube . 
  in norwegian the gender is found in the noun . 
  for instance , we bend * man * like this :, 
  * en * mann - a man, 
  mann * en * - the man, 
  menn - men, 
  flere menn - more men ( plurar ) . 
  menn ( men ) is a male word , while hus ( house ) is a neutral word . 
  * et * hus - a house, 
  hus * et * - the house, 
  hus - houses, 
  flere hus - more houses, 
  i think the system should be easy enough to understand . 
  female nouns are a bit more difficult since you ca n't just put the equivalent of the english `` a '' that 's used before the word in the back of the word to make it spesific singular . 
  basically * ei * becomes * a * . 
  kvinn * a * - the woman, 
  for all three examples , the ending in spesific plural is - ene . 
  if you do n't understand this and choose to use the default ( male ) version , people will understand you , but it 'll sound just as jagged as not distinguishing between a/an in english . 
  * en hus * sounds just as bad as * a underground * , but is more or less understood just as well . 
  yes ... yes it is !, 
  it became a bit late last night, 
  i have two favourite soups . 
  i was in gdansk with a few friends some years back , when two of us got hungry while waiting on sleeping beauty that was back at the hostel . 
  we descided to get something light and stopped by a nice , not too busy restaurant . 
  there i tasted the best soup i ever had at that point . 
  creamy bell pepper soup with a piece of white chocolate in the middle .
