  my personal favorites , in no particular order , are : hansa , nordlandspils , dahls , aas and frydenlund . 
  the only major beer i do n't like is mack . 
  true . 
  it litterally means * shit * , but can be used in the same way as * fucking * . 
  example : dritviktig ( fucking important ) . 
  the more you know !, 
  thanks . 
  if i remember correctly , i think i was closer to 9 years old when i finally beat the part after star road where all the stages had names like * gnarly * . 
  i only had four games for my snes , and got a n64 when i was 10 , so i played my snes a lot . 
  moose is the only animal you should take some precautions against . 
  i 'm not sure if they have offspring during the spring or autum , but when they do , they are more agressive than usual . 
  the moose also tends to come close to human settlements , unlike most other larger animals . 
  theoretically , you can see wolfs and bears , but that 's not very probable . 
  wolfs are mostly found in the forested regions of south-eastern ( \u00d8stlandet ) and central ( tr\u00f8nderlag ) norway , even though they can be found anywhere . 
  if you travel to the north , you can see raindeer and sea eagles as well . 
  silly heyimcool . 
  women do n't poop . 
  just one thing : just because i 'm younger than you , does n't mean that i do n't know what i 'm talking about . 
  you want to lay tiles for 3 000 usd in your bathroom but does n't want to buy water isolation for 500 usd ? 
  you 've just destroyed a house . 
  as sinner13 said , i do now . 
  when i 'm in old buildings i start to think about all the things that 's happened in the room i 'm in . 
  like , how many peple have killed or had sex in here . 
  it was quite strange standing in the coloseum in rome and think about all the crazy stuff that 's happened there . 
  this is my biggest problem as well . 
  i have a 42 '' hdtv , and i 'm sitting about 3-4 meters from it . 
  the text should be completey readable , but i have to squint my eyes to see it . 
  wow . 
  reddit is the only place where this can happen . 
  i clicked your link by curiosity , and watched the intro on youtube . 
  i have no recollection of this show , but i knew the intro sequence almost by heart . 
  you just made me remeber a cartoon i completely forgot . 
  thanks . 
  even though they 're only 90 usd a piece , i have too many games for my wii and 360 . 
  i have like 40 of those fuckers , and on average i 've spent 2-5 hours playing each game . 
  i 've only played ariund 8-10 of them properly . 
  hater 's gon na hate . 
  i 'm just looking forward to playing it on friday . 
  to be completely honest , the only thing i really despise is the wii controls . 
  sure , i understand why some people like them , but i 'd rather play the game laying on my couch with a traditional controller . 
  have n't played many of the handheld games , nor zelda 2 , though . 
  i 've seen that face so many times and never made the connection . 
  now i feel stupid . 
  thanks . 
  such a long post should probably be posted in r/ragenovels . 
  i like the super mario bros movie . 
  not for the camp value or anything like that . 
  i actually find the movie entertaining . 
  not sure what it actually is , but i just call it the smell of summer . 
  i live in the artic , so summers are short . 
  i guess it 's the smell of pollen from the trees and grass . 
  mix in a bit of rain , and i 'm in heaven . 
  i 'm sure i 'm going to figure something out . 
  no amount of practical problems is holding me away from my skyward sword . 
  i play rts games quite defencivly and not much against other people , so i consider them quite relaxing . 
  it 's also has something to do with me * looking * at the action instead of being * inside * the action , like in fps games . 
  if i feel like playing a game , but do n't want to get the same amount of imersion/stress as in cs , i play a game of age of empires ii . 
  i find the whole base-building and gathering part quite entertaining . 
  if you 're talking about technical limitations , then no . 
  if you 're talking about esthetics , the yes . 
  in most games , esthetics are a big part of the attraction , and i think that the look of the game impacts how good the game * feels * . 
  it 's not as important as gameplay , but it 's a part of the mix that makes a good game . 
  that said , all criticism of graphics should be based on the * system in question * , not on the capabilities of * other * systems . 
  let 's take the zelda series as an example : i would give twilight princess about 7/10 on graphics , because i think nintendo aimed too high on realism so the art style looks grainy and shallow . 
  it was an interesting path for a zelda game , but maybe nintendo should have waited a generation before going down the `` realism '' path . 
  on the other hand , i 'd give wind waker 10/10 , because the game looks nice and smooth . 
  it 's beautiful looking game that really pushed the graphical capabilities of the gamecube to the limit , while still looking quite good . 
  regarding skyward sword , i think that the art style of the game looks completely right for the wii . 
  i have n't played it myself yet , but based on what i see from the game footage id ' probably give the game a 9 or 10/10 . 
  i think you can change the language yourself . 
  i speak a small language , and i can ususally choose between english , german , spanish and french . 
  that 's strange . 
  i 'm also norwegian , and i have no problems finding servers . 
  i just use the normal server search function . 
  seems like most people still playing is either german or from eastern-europe . 
  sorry to say this , but you 've picked a bad time to go to norway . 
  most touristy things are closed for the winter , or not open untill january . 
  that said , you 're going on a quite scenic route , and there are many cool things to see . 
  trondheim is a nice medieval town with a good night life . 
  the nidaros cathedral and munkholmen are two major attractions there . 
  the lofoten islands are a must !, 
  they 're one of norways biggest attractions . 
  the easiest way to implement them in your trip is if you go to bod\u00f8 and then take the ferry to western lofoten . 
  then you can drive eastwards toward the mainland . 
  in bod\u00f8 , you should try to go sea-rafting/sightseeing in saltstraumen . 
  it 's the world 's most powerfull maelstrom and there are many sea eagles in the area . 
  the fishing is also fantastic , but i guess it 's out of season . 
  i have no knowlege about whales , but i do know that you can go on whale safari in the north . 
  you should post this in r/norway . 
  that way , you 'll get more answers from norwegians . 
  also , check out www.visitnorway.com , 
  the captain in charge of my company during conscription . 
  this base was n't somewhere you got placed in , this was a base that you had to search to get in to . 
  the officers was quite clear that this was an operational command centre , and that they were n't interested in `` playing millitary '' like they do on most bases with a large group of privates . 
  this was their job , we were their collegues , they expected us to act professionally , and there would be no bullshitting from anybody . 
  the captain was n't a properly trained officer , but because he was a `` ub corporal '' ( an elevated corporal , kind of like a semi-sergeant ) during his consription , and was educated as a police officer , he got the rank of captain in the millitairy . 
  he had * no * understandings of his duties as an officer and was a bit mad from the power that millitairy officers had , that he did n't have as a policeman . 
  he frequently had suprice inspections of the common room when it was in use , and became absolutely mental when it was n't tidy enough to pass an inspection . 
  one time , he found some used tobacco ( snus , for you scandinavians in here ) on the floor , and concluded that someone was smoking weed in here . 
  * snus * does n't look like weed at all and has a distinct smell .
