  this is gon na seem like nothing compared to the other posts . 
  i had meningitis as a small child . 
  i was maybe 4 or 5 years old . 
  i had to take some drugs directly into my bloodstream , and had this huge syringe-thing stuck in my arm . 
  the pain of my arteries expanding as the medicine pushed is way in my body was horrible . 
  i 've probably had worse in my adult life , but the pain of the drugs was the most painfull thing i 've ever experienced at that age . 
  it 's one of my earliest memories . 
  yes , thats it !, 
  thank you so much !, 
   solved, 
  and in the 19th century , no fucks were given . 
  the pic made me think of this song . 
  you beat me to it . 
  i think it has something to do with how safe the cat feels . 
  happy and safe cats have their tails up , whlie agitated cats have the tail downwards . 
  in the wild , they do n't feel as safe ( hunting , competing against other animals ect . ), 
  and keep the tails down . 
  it might also have something to do with the size of the tails ( ? ), 
  that being las palmas , it should be scandinavian tourists . 
  i think i know of the band you 're looking for . 
  in the late 90 's or early 00 's there was a band called p\u00e4roncider or something like that . 
  like a chill version of r\u00f6yksopp . 
  i tried to google the name and found nothing . 
  now i need to find that band . 
  * p\u00e4ronsoda * was the band i was thinking of . 
  not much about them on the internet . 
  [ this is the wikipedia article ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=no&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;layout=2&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fno.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2fp%25c3%25a4ronsoda&amp;act=url ), 
  i agree with many things you 've mentioned . 
  i think the world feels empty and hollow . 
  when i first came to castletown my mouth dropped , because it was so large . 
  then i discovered that everything was closed or just filler . 
  the world seemed huge , but it was so hollow with no reason to explore it . 
  i also did n't like the brown-and-bloom style of the game . 
  zelda games have alwas been a bit quirky and fun , but tp tried to be gritty . 
  i was n't too fond of the horror inspired wolf parts either . 
  i think they did a great job doing the shadow temple in oot , but over did it in tp , where the dark theme was half the game . 
  lastly , i was dissapointed with the wiimote . 
  when playing wii sports , the controls were quite good , but on tp it just seemed too gimmicky and unneccesary . 
  sounds a bit like etienne de crecy , but it 's not from the tempovision album . 
  i do n't like the entire rnb/rap/dance thing that 's been going on for almost a decade . 
  most songs are made by * famous person feat . 
  the next big thing and some dj * . 
  but if i had to pick a single act , i 'd say timbaland , since that 's the artist that represents that genre imho . 
  ties . 
  they 're unconfortable and have no practical function . 
  norway here . 
  no , but we had to go to curch two times a year in primary school ( in the 90 's at least ) , and we get a bit nationalistic on th 17th of may . 
  that sounds about right . 
  but i do another odd thing as well . 
  if i travel outside scandinavia , i keep the luggage on the balcony for a day or so , just in case of foregin insects . 
  got a cockroach in there once . 
  the fucker did n't survive a night of artic winter . 
  mwhahaha . 
   cap ' t morgan and it 's usually less than twenty bucks for a handle . 
  it costs over 70 usd where i live . 
  norway . 
  we have a state monopoly on alcohol over 4,5 % . 
  it 's 420 nok or just above 70 usd for a liter . 
  i agree on the darkness part . 
  we 're entereing artic winter where i live , and i 've already started looking forward to summer . 
  i 'm a late sleeper and have n't seen daylight in a few days . 
  it 's really not that much moonshine . 
  it exists , and it 's no hassle to get hold of some , but alcohol stronger than 60 % or 70 % is considered a hard drug and can land you a prison sentence . 
  beer is n't too expencive . 
  you get a desent 0,5 can of lager for 5 usd , so beer is more common than mixed drinks . 
  also , we have this thing called a * vorspiel * when we go out . 
  basically , it 's a small party ( usually less than 15 people ) where we drink store-bought alcohol untill we hit the bars at midnight . 
  what many people do instead of making moonshine is smuggling . 
  unless you live in the south-west , sweden is only 3-4 hours away by car and the border is rarely patrolled . 
  a 0,7 l bottle of captain morgan costs around 35 usd in sweden . 
  you 're allowed to take 1 l 40-60 % , 2 l wine and 2 l beer through customs , but many people add a bit more . 
  also , when it costs as little as 170 usd for a round trip to cheaper continental europe , many people just buy their alcohol abroad and throw in a weekend in berlin . 
  yeah , it 's a german word . 
  do they have a proper english name for that ? 
  the thing about moonshine is the equipment in it selv . 
  it basically would be considered the same as a meth lab . 
  so even though you only make 40 % , it 's still possible to make 96 % . 
  the entire grade of my school got to see the first lord of the rings movie the morning after the midnight release . 
  this was great , because most people were really looking forward to it , but could n't get a ticket to the midnight release . 
  this one girl that clearly did n't like fantasy too much , laughed loudly at every single odd-looking creature . 
  for the entire movie . 
  she ruined the experience for 300 people . 
  she was n't very popular after this . 
  fjords , fish and a high cost of living, 
  when we were about 16 , we watched many the classic vietnam war movies , so i thought i 've seen them all . 
  i have a large movie collection , and one day this summer i popped in platoon . 
  i had n't seen it before . 
  the movie had been in my collection for about a decade . 
  bill murray and dan akroyd chases ghosts in 80 's new york . 
  the twilight zone, 
  well , except for the cryptic text in the corner . 
  kind of obvious , but the way that the holocaust got portraied in schindler 's list with the last scene about the girl in the red dress , was horrible . 
  wow . 
  that was fast . 
  thanks !, 
  solved . 
  thanks . 
  solved . 
  i 'm in if i have the time . 
  when and where ?
