  and there are some smaller production facilities in kristiansand , sarpsborg , drammen and hamar . 
  the pay is 150 kr/hr for unskilled work . 
  anouther suggestion would be a fish processing plant ( fiskemottak ) , where you could get seriously good pay . 
  they are located all over the coast . 
  you know what you just did ? 
  you made me certain that i 'll never , ever move south of the artic circle . 
  artic winter kills all insects . 
  and i had a plan to move to continental europe after my education and everything ... 
  even though it does n't fit your explanation at all , i just thought of the kings quest adventure games . 
  it could n't have been dig dug , could it ? 
  yeah , i do this as well . 
  did n't really think about it much when i was younger , but after taking my nephew to the store when i was 13-14 or so , my sister got really mad because i did n't wait for a green light . 
  always waited if there were kids in sight after that . 
  i do n't remember the name of the quest , but it 's the one where you ride a horse and cattle up spiders in western plaguelands . 
  seems to me that the quests have become more varied and better planed from blizzard than earlier . 
  i 've tried getting into wow for some three years now , but have n't before now . 
  i used two or three months to get to lvl 42 some years ago , and have a bunch of characters in the mid 20 's . 
  but now i 've spent a week playing and i 'm level 40 . 
  in norway a bunch of simple english words are used . 
  usually in exclamation of something . 
  it 's words like `` yes !, 
  '' , `` fuck '' , `` all right '' , `` ok '' , ect . 
  also , we use english cathphrases from movies . 
  did/do you have a problem understanding the different norwegian accents ? 
  i got a snes at age six , and super mario world was bundeled with it . 
  after playing it for about a year , i finally found all the exits . 
  fantastic feeling . 
  the only llama-related music i 've ever heard is [ this ] ( http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/llama ) , but it does n't sound at all like what you 're looking for . 
  as mentioned , finn.no is good for finding jobs , but you should also check out nav.no , because all government jobs have to be published there . 
  just a tip from a northern norwegian : i ' f you 're thinking about moving to the north , you should seriously consider staying here a few weeks in the winter . 
  it 's dark , cold and ( in troms county and finnmark county ) far between big settlements . 
  winter depression can have a severly negative effect on your life quality when we potentially have winter from october to april . 
  if you 're sure you want to live in the north , consider moving to bod\u00f8 in nordland county if troms\u00f8 seems a bit too artic for you . 
  it 's smaller and does n't have the same night life , but has much milder climate , probably more suitable jobs for you ( nordland university has a large marine biology institute doing a lot of enviromentaly focused work ) , better flight connections to the rest of norway and ( imho ) much , much better beer . 
  do n't get me wrong , troms\u00f8 is a fantastic city , but it 's far north of the artic circle . 
  bergen is probably your best bet regarding jobs just because of it 's size , and has a much milder climate than the north ( it 's more like the uk , actually ) . 
  just remember that many of the surounding municipalities use nynorsk as the written form of norwegian , so you should get some basic skills in that written language as well as the dominant form of bokm\u00e5l . 
  why ca n't i make bullet points ? 
   in northern norway there are no big industries and immigration services is only industry that employs immigrants . 
  no , that 's just wrong . 
  if nordland county was an independent country it 'd have the same gdp/pp as monaco and other hyper rich micro states . 
  every 10th salmon in the world comes from nordland , it was one of the worlds biggest producer of solar cells , it is ground zero of the norwegian aliminium industry and has the biggest power surpluss of all counties in scandinavia . 
  just to name a few . 
  this is done with a population of 240 000 , a lower education average than the rest of the country and horrible roads . 
  regarding immigration , most new businesses in my home town is started by immigrants and most unskilled jobs are filled with students and immigrants . 
  maybe [ this ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0795368/ ) ? 
  my parents never cared about age restrictions on video games , and i 've had no traumatic experiences because of it . 
  on the other hand , giving a 6-8 year old street fighter ii is one thing . 
  giving the same kid a game with modern day graphics is something else , and if i had a kid that age i do n't think i 'd like giving him/her modern warfare 2 . 
  it 's like the difference between cartoon violence and movie violence . 
  i do n't think there can be a watermark age of when games are suitable for kids . 
  people are different , and some handle blood and violence well , while others are more sensitive . 
  i 'm was never affectet by either so my parents were n't too strickt , while my nephiew was really affected by scary images and were n't allowed to play horror games . 
  you also have the maturity factor . 
  some kids in their late teens should not be allowed to play online because they are n't mentally capable of behaving in a civilized manner , while some ten year olds acts great . 
  i 'm from norway , where everyone reads comics , so i do n't really know the `` comics culture '' exept from tv and the internet . 
  but it seems to me that gaming is so diverse and popular that self-ghettoization is n't an issiue . 
  of course , there will always be imature elitists that take things too far , but i think they can be compared to movie or music `` experts . '', 
  few and far between , and usually just discussing with their own kind . 
  ( hi , r/truegaming !, 
  the one think i think you really should consider is the `` frame '' of this . 
  think like someone about to go into the bar business . 
  is it going to be a relaxing place where 20-somethings can take a beer , chat and play games , or do you want a `` cash machine '' full of red bull drinking teens ? 
  maybe both , if you get good noise reduction ? 
  in marketing , we talk about michael e. porter 's generic marketing strategies . 
  you can basicaly compete on two things : price and differentiation . 
  and you can either have a broad market scope or be a niche business . 
  you should at least read the wikipedia article so you can think about what you want . 
  it is found [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porter_generic_strategies ), 
  personally , i 'd like a dim relaxing atmosphere that discourages shouting and screaming ( the red bull teens again ) , like a nice bar or pool lounge . 
  i used to frequent this gaming/internet caf\u00e9 in cork , ireland , and thay had a upper area for regulars that was more sheltered and quieter than the ground floor where the fps-kids played . 
  in the town i live in now , we have a pool and bowling place , where some clever interior design has made it possible to have disco-bowling ( with smoke machines , lazers and dance music ) in one end , and a chill pool area in the other . 
  i live in a country with insanely high prices on fast food , so a subway sandwich puts me back 13 usd ( 90 nok ) . 
  this means that i can never aford the ambrosia that is a subway sub . 
  so could you please give me some info on how you make it look so good ? 
  i mean , how do you cut the bread and how many slices of meat you put on it ? 
  do n't know if that 's the exact gum op need , but i 'm pretty sure they sell something like this where i live . 
  if op ca n't find it , i can try to send him/her some from norway . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  that kind of candy is most common in video rental stores , gas stations , cinemas and kiosks , so probably overpriced . 
  i 'd guess the retal price of something like that would be between 5 and 25 nok ( 1-5 usd - norway is a silly and expensive place ) . 
  what i do know is that i 'll probably be able to send it internationaly for free . 
  if you 'd like to get a hold of some and think this sounds too expensive , make a post in r/norway . 
  maybe someone living in a bigger city than me knows of any proper supermarkets having a good selection of candy . 
  i rent movies 2-3 times a week , so i can check at my local video rental place if you want to . 
  and a quick google search made it even cheaper for you than my offer : http://www.sweetsncandy.co.uk/proddetail.asp?prod=tubgum036, 
  dreamerr also answered this and [ that place let you order for 2.25 gbp ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/tipofmytongue/comments/m43q7/tomt_bubblegum_that_you_squeezed_out_of_a/c2xzaca ), 
  i discovered lucid dreaming at a very young age , and had no idea that it was a concept anyone else knew about . 
  it all started with me having one of my first wet dreams , and then suddenly remember i was 11 ( or something around that age ) and was , in fact , * not * having sex with pamela anderson . 
  then i started thinking that i could have sex with anyone i wanted as long as i was dreaming it . 
  so every night i was dreaming , i started looking for impossible or unreal moments to determine if i was dreaming or not . 
  after a week or so , i had a few dreams where i was in full control of everything ( including the participation of pamela anderson ) . 
  imagine an 11-ish year old with the power of flying and the ability of annihilating enitre neighborhoods , having sex with superstars afterwords . 
  from gamestop if it 's new or i want it right away . 
  i import older games from amazon.co.uk if it 's under the toll limit . 
  i have no idea how much codfish costs , but its unproblematic so send it with the mail if you pay enough . 
  you 're gon na get a hundred different answers for that question . 
  it 's a bit expensive , but really good . 
  other than that , just try the local brand . 
  ( ringnes in oslo , hansa in bergen , nordlandspils in bod\u00f8 ect . ),
