  it works as a buffer , so people that want to live more urban , get higher education or specialized jobs does n't have to move to the south . 
  i mean , it 's not new york , but to put things in perspective i should mention that the second biggest town in the county is celebrating that they 're getting their first burger king . 
  since the oil price has crashed , norway is in a bit of a pickle , but since the major oil activites never came to this county , we have been shelterd from the crisis we see in the west . 
  we have developed a massive fish farming industry and if my sources are correct , we produce around 10 % of the worlds salmon . 
  we are called the `` golden county '' and are expected to become the new economic motor of norway in a few years , due to our fish , rare earth minerals , tourism etc. 
  now , i 'm not saying we were able to do this just because the us built a large airport here in the 60 's , helping this one town to grow , but the us planted a seed that grew into a regional hub for politics , education , medical care , communications and culture . 
  the other two northern counties have many of the same assets , but are more sparcely populated and less developed in regards to infrastructure . 
  our airport has been instrumental in the creation of small regional airports all around the county . 
  they use it as a hub , so even if we do n't have the highest population , we have really great communications to oslo and other large cities . 
  i 'm no historian , but i belive that the creation of the small airports , combined with the hub built by the us , has been a big factor in keeping a desentralized population . 
  and in turn , this desentralized population has been the key to a lot of the economic activities going on . 
  so i guess that in a way , the us miilitary started a snowball effect that 50 years later grew into a economic sucess story . 
  i do n't think we pack anything in particular when it comes to food and continental travel . 
  my elderly mother might pack some * brunost * or jams when going to spain , but i do n't think that 's the norm for most people . 
  if norwegians go camping abroad , things might be a bit different , but most countries are cheaper than norway , so there is no need to bring anything consumable we can get abroad . 
  * snus * is the only article i can think of that would be typical for us to bring abroad that might seem odd for other nationalities . 
  it 's snuff tobacco that you ca n't buy legally outside norway and sweden . 
  i guess the threshold to bring something when camping would be lower than if you 're flying abroad , so i guess people would bring more stuff . 
  if i went camping in sweden and ate brunost regulary , i 'd be inclined to bring a pack with me , but if i 'm flying there , i 'm not gon na bring food with me in my luggage . 
  when i said camping , i was thinking about driving to the point of destination in stead of flying , so i might have been a bit unclear . 
  as for camping in norway , i 'm not sure what 's odd or not . 
  you need a license to fish in most fresh water areas , and there is a chance that the inspector might show up even if you 're far from the road . 
  you can fish at the coast for free . 
  are you planning to stay close to cities at camping sites , or are you heading into nature ? 
  we 've hade surge in norway since the 90 's , and i think i remember that you could n't get it in the us for a while . 
  i 've also heard that they do n't eat salt licorice in the us , something i find really strange because i consider it a salty snack . 
  we also have brown cheese ( well it 's just called that , it 's not real cheese afaik ) that tastes kinda sweet or caramely . 
  i guess it 's our version of peanut butter . 
  daytime drinking at the cabin, 
  daytime drinking in the woods, 
  daytime drinking when fishing, 
  daytime drinking feels so good . 
  i guess so ? 
  it [ can look like this ] ( http://veg-veg.no/media/supersalte%20sj%c3%b8stjerner.jpg ) or [ like this ] ( http://www.tragisk.com/pics/triks149.jpg ) . 
  we have some softer kinds as well that are n't that salty , but more on the sweet side as well . 
  the saltier ones are usually a bit tougher or come as soft couch drops . 
  this is the first time i 'm trying this , so i 'd love to get some feedback . 
  my first impression makes me think you 're a boy in your teens and might be precieved as immature by your peers . 
  i base that of your preferance for action oriented movies and the lack of dramas . 
  if you were a tarantino-buff , you probably would have had reservoir dogs , but i ca n't see it . 
  this makes me think that you prefer movies that shows instead of tells . 
  the immature thing is also based on the anime , particulary that you own dragonball on blu ray . 
  you 're do n't seem that technically proficient , based on the fact that you prefer to buy older movies and series in a physical copy . 
  but you just as well might be , and you have a slow internet connection preventing you from building a digital library . 
  you are obviously interested in comic books and since you keep a few action figures , not a massive collection , you 're not a collector . 
  you keep some dinosaurs and cars , and at least the cars looks a bit old . 
  maybe from the 80 's ? 
  this tells me that you either still play with toys , but more likely has a nostalgic personality and these were either some of your favorite toys growing up or hold some other affectional value . 
  the shelf looks really cheap or home made even . 
  this makes me think that you 're from a low income family * or * you are n't trusted by your family to have nice things because you break stuff easily . 
  that would also explain why you have some dvds , as i do n't think your family are first wave adopters of new tech . 
  that you have ex machina , a more `` existential '' film than the rest ( and from last year as well ) , tells me that you 've matured a bit . 
  since you have a small and relatively homogenic movie collection , i 'd guess that you do n't buy anything or misjudge movies based on their covers . 
  to sum up my ramblings i 'd say you 're :, 
  * around 15 years old, 
  * childish compared to your peers , maybe socially akward even, 
  * from a low income family, 
  * not particulary creative, 
  * you 're `` geeky '' but not the smartest guy in your class . 
  still , you 've changed a bit during the last two years and are thinking about college, 
  * you 're nostalgic , and you keep stuff that reminds you of childhood memories . 
  english is n't my first language , but i hope i 'm intelligble . 
  thanks for your response !, 
  after i wrote my answer , i had to check your post history to see if there was any other clues . 
  the point about being immature came only from this picture , so i think you unknowlingly set yourself up to be called more immature than you probably are . 
  the way the movies was placed in a half full shelf gave me the impression that this was the bulk of your movie collection and that pushed your estimated age and maturity level down , as you show us a lot of superhero/monster movies . 
  combine that with the dinosaurs and action figures , and you probably get where i 'm coming from . 
  i could see from your post history that you actually have a much larger collection than i tought , but again , i tought the picture showed us most of it . 
  the mix of dinosaurus , action figures and cars did n't scream out `` collector '' either . 
  as for the financial thing , i just reacted to what i believed was a small collection of movies . 
  since you have the lord of the rings on dvd , i tought this was all the movies you had collected for yourself . 
  ad the old shelf , and i started to think you had quite limited funds . 
  the reason i did n't think you were creative is because you showed an interest in comic book characters , but there was nothing to indicate that you drew anything yourself . 
  and again , if you were the creative/aestetic type , i would think you had repainted the shelf . 
  by the way , what is that thing standing between arnold and the fishtank truck ? 
  it looks like half a headset or something ,, 
  i had to google it , and it 's important to notice that this is just proposed by the road admnistration and has n't been given the green light by parliament yet and wo n't be untill june 2017 , if the suggestion makes the cut . 
  the national transport plan is reviewed every four years and the one they 're voting on next year is from 2018 to 2029 iirk , and is full of controversies and localisation debates , so it the project might be scrapped if the politicians want to prioritize some other projects . 
  it might be just me , but every time someone i know goes to the us , i ask them to bring me beef jerkey . 
  it 's expensive over here and we have a limited selection . 
  when i went to the states a few years back , we tried hershey 's chocolate and we all agreed it was the worst thing ever , so i would n't bring that brand based on my pallete . 
  at least in my town , the cinema has a great selection of american candy , so i would recommend you bring something other than chocolate bars and jelly beans if you 're bringing sweets . 
  maybe something a bit more cake-y ? 
  i have som friends that run their own publishing company , so if things are done the same way in the country you live in , it should n't be too difficult for you . 
  here in norway we have two kinds of publishers . 
  the normal `` send us your manuscript and then we migh publish it '' - companies and the `` we fix it as long as you 're paying for it '' - companies like my friends run . 
  the first kind gives you a percentage of the sales and usually takes a financial risk , so they are kind of picky . 
  if you get a contract with them , they usually do marketing and distribution for you . 
  the other kind makes the book just the way you like it in the amount you ordered , but you have to do everything else yourself . 
  they produce books , registrers them and all that , but it 's your responsibility to sell them and market them . 
  they only charge for their work and eventual storage costs if you choose to use their storage , so you 're not stuck with percentages . 
  i have no idea what the business modell is called in english , but there are probably loads of them everywhere . 
  i have no idea on how the day is celebrated in the us , but when i studied a year in ireland i found it really weird that people got drunk on st. patrick 's day itself , instead of the day before . 
  where i 'm from , people in their late teens or early 20 's get drunk the day before the national day so that they can sleep the next day . 
  that being said , my irish friends started drinking at noon and went home at a reasonable hour instead of staying out untill 03:00 . 
  a bit of backstory for those interested :, 
  she was found in the basement of a refugee centre at roughly three months old in august 2014 . 
  after that she lived with an experienced cat owner in the animal rescue group untill they deemed her fit for a normal home . 
  i got her in may or june 2015 , and she did n't let me pet her for many months . 
  she 's softened up a good bit and i can now pet her as long as she 's elevated or comes to me by her self .
