  * the rc helicopter mission in gta : vice city, 
  * playing the first games in a higher division in fifa 12 's h2h seasons, 
  none of those things are exactly fun , but getting stable in division 6 or seeing the rest of vice city is . 
  i 'm not a big wow player , but my guess would be that the thrill of a well orchestrated raid outweighs the frustration of failed raids , and this makes the players keep coming back for more . 
  when you compare this to the frustration in your work enviroment , you can easily see that the two kinds of frustration are in two different leagues . 
  i had to take a 50 % income reduction last fall , and i 've started to become accustomed to my new lifestyle . 
  for the last two weeks , i only used about 20 usd ( this is norway , a place so expensive that a meal at burger king easily costs 15-20 usd ) . 
  since you 're only broke for a week , and you do n't need to think about a balanced diet or anything like that , this would be my plan : bread , butter/oil and salt . 
  even in a cheap contry like the us , i guess that 4 usd do n't get you much transportation wise , so i guess you 're covered in that area . 
  on the top of my head , food is your main concern . 
  bread is universal and can be mixed with most things . 
  salted butter on bread is a great ( while boring ) but will get you trough the week . 
  regarding entertainment , i 'm sure you have many things that can get you through the week . 
  dvds , games ( consoles/pc or webgames ) , books or the tv are all good . 
  when was the last time you saw the oldest film in your movie collection ? 
  go visit your friends , and have some fun with them , or start walking around town . 
  last week , a friend and me was walking trough the harbour area ( an area i usually drive past ) and this killed three hours . 
  i do n't know the social norms of the us , but you could also think about borrowing some money from your friends or family . 
  the university wifi was too slow to let steam get a connection , and now it seems like they 're all used up . 
  anyways , it was nice of you guys to do this . 
  even though i follow man utd in the champions league , basel has put a smile on my face . 
  it 's so fun to see such a small team do so good . 
  reminded me of rosenborg in the mid-late 90 's . 
  ( yes , i 'm norwegian , 
  ... and it 's supposed to say * unplugged * . 
  that depends on how big the package is and how heavy it is . 
  as sturle pointed out , if you 're sending more than a kg or it 's physically big , then you should use carryon packages . 
  if it 's a smaller package ( think envelobe no more than 7 cm thick ) , then a normal letter would do . 
  in that size , you pay 100 kr for 350 g , 177 kr for 1000 g and 193 kr for 2000 g. 
  true , and i guess you could say that games needs to get designed from scratch anyway . 
  but still , there seems to be a large niche not being fillled in teh movie/tv-show market . 
  if you look at movies like avatar or star trek , they did fantasticly , so why not more sci-fi ? 
  this day shall be known forth as the day when toasterlad discovered blues . 
  thank you , my good man !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  listening to him now . 
  this subreddit is kind of unique and fragile because so few people vote on stuff . 
  i 'm never posted a new thread here , nor do i visit the * new * section often , but it seems to me that most threads get a fair chance , so it 's not directly bad per se . 
  the reason this subreddit works so well , yet still do n't seem to be as heavly regulated as [ / r/askscience ] ( / r/askscience ) , is because the voting ( even though low ) keeps good threads coming to the front page . 
  in my experience , he community does n't downvote things they do n't find interesting , but just skips over those posts . 
  this is good reddiquete , because in a subreddit like [ / r/truegaming ] ( / r/truegaming ) there are bound to be many discussions that many find uninteresting , and this keeps diversion and deep discussion of marginal topics possible . 
  still , we have some problems with unpopular opinions being downvoted just because the majority does n't agree with them , but that 's all over reddit , and i doubt there is much we can do about it . 
  however , as i said in the beginning of this rant , our system is fragile . 
  with almost 30 000 subscribers and so few votes , it is easier than most places for unserious posts to reach the first few pages . 
  but this is where the scilent majority comes in . 
  if we keep voting up things that interest us as we do today , and only downvote off-topic content , we can keep this subreddit as good as it is today . 
  good work , everyone . 
  as far as i know , ntnu is one of the best universities in scandinavia when it comes to engineering and other techincal educations . 
  trondheim is said to be the best student city in norway , and all my friends that went there are quite happy about their time there . 
  some even descided to stay in trondheim after they were done . 
  you should ask yourself if you would be happy in a city with a metro population of roughly 200 000 people , and live in a place where the bars close at 02:00 ( i think ) ? 
  i prefer achtung baby , but the joshua tree was also great . 
  my list is kind of long and only consists of a few select bands , but these albums means the world to me . 
  in no particular order :, 
  u2 - the joshua tree, 
  u2 - zooropa, 
  rem - automatic for the people, 
  pink floyd - the wall, 
  metallica - the black album, 
  norway here . 
  we did n't learn much about the us in elementary school . 
  if i recall correctly , we had a good bit of focus on european geography ( had to learn all the capitals and such ) , while we just learned the general facts about the other continents . 
  in history , the us played a larger role in the chapters covering ww2 to the early 1990 's , but this was in secondary school . 
  an odd fact : i asked my teacher why we did n't learn about the us civil war in high school and she said that it really was n't important enough to cover in class . 
  the business side of nintendo is doing great . 
  think about how many more wii units they have sold , compared to the gamecube or n64 ( two generations more or less dominated by sony ) . 
  when they released the wii , they did n't fight for the same customers as sony or microsoft , instead they created a new segment of gamers . 
  they expanded the market and started to catering to other kinds of people than the classic gamer . 
  this is easily seen in their strategy for games , they still release som heavy hitters , like zelda , metroiod , donkey kong and mario , but these games are even changed from the classic formula . 
  * nintendo hard * has n't applied to any games on the wii ( maybe donkey kong , but then again i might just suck at 2d plattformers . ), 
  these heavy aaa titles are few and far between in the wii catalogue . 
  compare nintendo to the two other consoles , where there is always a aaa title coming out soon . 
  nintendo aaa titles are maybe released every six months or once a year . 
  but the thing is , as someone in the same situation as op , having grown up with mario and zelda , i still bought a wii when i heard zelda was going to be released with it . 
  nintendo still caters to us `` traditional '' gamers , but we are no longer the main customers . 
  nintendo has in many ways expanded gaming and thinks of gamers like you and me as niche ( the guys willing to buy 1000 usd in games and consoles during a generation ) , and now wants to sell games to people that did n't know they were interested in gaming . 
  this have led to a cheaper and more `` fun '' console compared to the other two major companies . 
  there is a reason why nintendo have made their console a small white box , compared to the more seroius looking ps3 and xbox 360 . 
  the wii was ofcource supposed to make money , but part of the design was making it an enabler for new market segments to get into gaming . 
  oversimplified , nintendo wants five customers spending 250 usd instead of one spending 1000 usd . 
  then you have the portables . 
  i know a lot less about portables then i do about consoles , not having owned anything other than a game boy and a dsi , but it seems to me like this is where the younger crowd are supposed to meet the classic gamers . 
  the ds is full of ports from games people between 25 and 35 remember from their childhood . 
  these people might or might not play much today , but the price of a 3ds and ocarina of time is not offsetting for a business man going on an intercontinental flight , needing to kill some hours . 
  i had to travel a lot for a while and a dsi seemed like a fun blessing , compared to reading in a hotell room or drinking with collegues four times a week . 
  on top of that , the portables are supposed to cater to kids as well . 
  pokemon is still going strong and the half of the games that are not ports from the 90 's seem to be fun and gimmicky games for younger people . 
  ofcourse , classic gamers are going to buy some as well and we 're the kind of people that gets frustrated about there being released a new portable every other year . 
  we 're used to * investing * in a console and getting some return from it trough a long lifetime and a great game collection . 
  the 25 + crowd wanting to kill time on the move is not going to the put off knowing that they do n't have the absolutely newest gadged , and if they do , chances are they can afford it . 
  the kids propably know what they want , and parents keep buying them the newest stuff . 
  on top of all of this , nintendo seems to think that their portables are in direct contest with every other kind of portable entertainment device , not just portable gaming devices , and is probably fighting a hard strategic fight with apple , htc and the other smartphone companies . 
  apple releases a new phone every year and htc has many models competing in the market . 
  nintendo is just doing the same as them, 
  ** tldr : ** nintendo does n't focus on teens anymore . 
  they want adults and kids to buy their stuff . 
  get to the airforce base to stock up on weapons . 
  there are wild animals here in scandinavia . 
  get a load of gas from a local petrol station or the cars in the city .
