  the sweetnes of the chocolate blended delightfuly with the rest of the soup and gave it a dimention i 've never tasted again . 
  i 've tried to find a recipe for it , but if i want to do it properly i have to skin and grill the bell peppers , so it 's a bit beyond my cooking levels . 
  the other soup i ate last year at a hotel restaurant not exactly known for their food . 
  we have held a few conferences there because they are cheap , flexible and super helpfull , but they usually serve chicken or pork for dinner and a limited selection of cold cuts for lunch . 
  but this time , they changed things up . 
  the starter dish was jerusalem artichokes with smoked salmon . 
  it tasted almost like cauliflower soup , but not so vegetable-y , and the strips of salmon was like small strings of silk . 
  i 'm gon na make that one day . 
  the short answer is that you can get mostly everything everywhere . 
  i guess they serve everything in oslo . 
  that said , if you 'd like some bbq whale , you 'd better stick to northern or north-western norway . 
  * smalahove * is something most people have n't eaten and i think you 'll find it in western norway . 
  what kind of food are you after ? 
  you know , i 've never tought about that when traveling abroad , but you 're absolutely right . 
  here in norway , you get ice with everything and i 've just assumed this is the way things are done everywhere . 
  norwegian here . 
  for the last 20-30 years , norway has surpassed swedens economy because of our massive oil wealth . 
  the state of norway has a soverign wealth fund that owns roughly 1 % of the worlds stocks , while the swedish state has a lot of debt . 
  things are changing , though . 
  at one point during the financial crisis , the swedish krone was valued at only 0,75 nok while the currencies are almost at 1 to 1 at the moment . 
  sweden has a more traditional economy with several feet to stand on , while the norwegian economy is more niche . 
  we are shifting from oil to fish farming and in the distance we will probably se more mining for rare earth minerals , but we just ca n't compete in many forms of production . 
  norway is also outside the eu , so it 's a lot harder to import food . 
  we used to have a free trade agreement with the 50 poorest countries in the world , and in the early 2000 's we had a lot of cheap quality foregin food because of the agreement , but the agrarian centre party forced so many quality controls and tests for the food during their time in government that it was n't feasible to export to norway for most countries , so now things are more expensive than ever . 
  sweden is also a lot more centralized than norway , and their infrastructure is a lot more developed . 
  in norway , we still needs to spend billions for many decades just to get our roads to 2016-standard . 
  this is another factor that explains why things are more expensive over here . 
  on the other hand , sweden has a housing crisis , so it 's hard to get a home over there . 
  i 'm not sure abot the details , but i 've heard anecdotes of people waiting 20-ish years for getting a home . 
  except for housing prices in the oslo-area , i do n't think we have anything like that over here . 
  i do n't know the detaljs about our import duties , but in the shop , i 'll pay somewhere between 15-20 for a head of salad or a bell pepper ( paprika ) . 
  a few weeks ago , i paid around 30 kr for a pack of five chili peppers . 
  in the larger cities , where they have those ethnic vegetable shops , you can get it cheaper . 
  i think i remember a newspaper doing a price test in oslo , and iirk those small shops destroyed the supermarket chains . 
  i 've played ingress for maybe a year or two , and the differences are more than just the skins . 
  the short version is that ingress have a steeper learning curve , is a lot slower , but requres more planning and have more of a strategic part to it . 
  both games requires a bit of a grind , but pogo seems more smoother or fluent in a way . 
  ingress have portals while pogo have both pokestops and gyms . 
  in ingress , you have to hack portals to gain equipment , just as you use a pokestop in pogo . 
  the main challenge ( for me at least ) is that you might only get a single xmp on each hack . 
  sometimes it 's 3 or 4 , sometimes you do n't get any . 
  at level 7 , i might need 20 xmps to destroy a single properly set up enemy portal . 
  at lower levels , you need even more . 
  just as pogo , there is a five minute timer between `` hacks '' , but in ingress those portals can `` burn out '' after a few hacks so you ca n't hack them for 4 ( ? ), 
  this means that there are more points of conflict in ingress than pogo , so you wo n't get the same consentration of players fighting for a single gym . 
  i guess that in a few weeks , all gyms will be filled with the best of the best pokemons out there because there are fewer places to use them . 
  the dynamics of a portal and a gym is also different . 
  like a gym is full of pokemons , a portal is full of resonators . 
  these resonators scale from level 1-8 and you can add mods to change the specs of the portal , showing the more strategic side of the game . 
  there is ( was ? ), 
  also possible to * remotely charge * your portals , so whenever a portal of yours is under attack , you can ( could ) sit at home and recharge it untill the agressor was out of xmps . 
  in pogo , you get xp from attacking any enemy gym , regardless of outcome , while you only get ap in ingress if you manage to destroy a mod or a resonator , something that makes me play it more defencively . 
  the going ouside bit is also a bit different . 
  let 's say that i want to go to a friends house . 
  when playing ingress i pass three portals without going much outside the straigth path , but what i can do there is different and down to chance . 
  i can hack them , but unless i also visit the adjacent portals often , i probably ca n't link them or create mind fields . 
  playing pogo this afternoon , i caught 4 or 5 pokemon , something that made a bit of progress for advancing my level . 
  ingress requires you to play for longer and more planned out segments and even some backtracking , while pogo is more flexible unless you want to conquer a gym . 
  leveling is also much slower , but you gain much for each level you gain in ingress , while in pogo , you can take a gym from a player two levels higher than you . 
  to sum it up , ingress is a game that makes you explore your area and that requires a bit of planning before doing anything big . 
  you must cooperate with others to do the massive endgame stuff like making monster size fields . 
  there are more variables and just more to do than pogo . 
  pogo is simpler , easier to get into , more flexible regarding playing time and has more people playing . 
  on the other hand , it has less stuff to do . 
  for the long run , i 'm probably more likely to play ingress , but i think this summer might be spent on pogo . 
  sorry for the spelling , but english is my second language and it 's in the middle of the night over here . 
  op , / u/drakhoran is linking to the offocial airport page . 
  it seems like it 's open between 05.30 - 00.30 on weekdays , something that seems right , but you should call and ask . 
  evenes has a higher number of charter flights than most norwegian airports that size , so they might be open longer on that particular day , as charter flights usualy takes off in the middle of the night . 
  the only airports i know of in norway that are open 24/7 is gardermoen ( oslo ) and flesland ( bergen ) . 
  never checked out trondheim or stavanger , so i do n't know about them . 
  bod\u00f8 and troms\u00f8 , the biggest airports in the north and both competing for the 5th place of biggest norwegian airport in passengers are * not * open at night . 
  evenes is not a big place , so you should be certain before you gamble on a free night in a car or an open airport . 
  i 'm also 30 and calling beforehand has been the norm for more than half my life . 
  in fact , not calling beforehand was only normal for the kids living on the same street as me for as long as i can remember . 
  if anyone in my class wanted to visit a friend after any school going age , we either had rules set by parents on visits ( my was that it was allowed untill dinner , as log as i told where i was when i got there ) or you had to call ahead . 
  the last time someone just dropped by was back in high school . 
  we were either 16 or 17 and this oddball i knew from secondary school just dropped by , having paid for the buss and been on it for 30 minutes . 
  it was joked about in my group of friends for a few years after the fact , becuase it was so strange . 
  while i have n't keept score , i 'm quite sure i 've had less than five unexpected visits during the 10 years i 've lived in my apartement . 
  might be cultural , but here in norway , you just do n't go around knocking people 's doors . 
  thanks for the gold !, 
  it 's a first for me !, 
  i 'll start by telling the story about how be got to know eachother and some of the strange behaviour that stuck out . 
  oddball was always a bit strange and he 's the same age as me . 
  i 've known ( of ) him since we started school more than 20 years ago , and during primary school he was the guy you wanted to have on your team playing football ( soccer ) . 
  he loved the sport , so he played it so much he became much better than the rest of us . 
  in our school district , it was normal for the class structure from primary to secondary school staying roughly intact . 
  that is to say , your new class yould consist of people from the same primary school as you , so you knew someone when starting school . 
  i think this was done to help the kids coming from a school with only one class on each level . 
  during our second-to-last year in primary school , the town finished another primary school in the area and around 3/4 of my class was to attend that school . 
  so now i was stuck in a new class with only two other boys that i actually knew . 
  the noisy one that got sent to the principal 's office each week and the creepy one that in later years started to show up to school in sperm stained jackets . 
  good times !, 
  thankfully , oddball was reaching me a hand , and we became friends . 
  this was where my relationship with oddball peaked . 
  during our last year in primary school . 
  during social isolation . 
  i was always a bit shy and needed time to warm up to new people . 
  we were friends all through the three years of secondary school as well , but i warmed up to the class and became closer with kids more similar to myself , just drifting apart from him .
