i think in the exact same way . 
  the dumbest part , is when i check my answers for the 4th time , just so i 'm not the first to go . 
  this does n't only go for web comics , but also tv-shows , books and movies . 
  a few years ago during summer , i watched the imdb top 100 list , discovered the stargate franchise and read the wheel of time . 
  it was a. . . uh ... slow summer [ ] ( / forever ), 
  you 're right . 
  i 'll remember that the next time . 
  upvote for reminding me of a friend with the same peeve . 
  even his girlfriend is n't safe from his rage . 
  for me , it 's the sound of other people brushing their teeth . 
  upvoted for baby seal leather boots . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkljtwhjysm ) . 
  buy spotify premium, 
  make phone playlist available offline, 
  sync on a wireless network, 
  use phone as unlimited mp3 player, 
  kenya believe it ? 
  my home town is on a peninsula in northern norway . 
  the wind was cold and constant . 
  i thought i came up with a new idea . 
  i 'll do a better job doing my research next time . 
  i do n't get all the hate from the other commenters . 
  your friend reacted in quite a rude manner if he really spilled soda on the floor , but your mother should have told him to use a coaster in a normal way to begin with . 
  i think both of them acted in a dumb manner . 
  also , i can totally relate to that story . 
  when i was i primary school , i visited a guy in class and at some point sat on the arm rest . 
  his mother saw it , and started raging to me about how impolite i was for trying to destroy her furniture . 
  i said i was sorry , and that i would n't do it again , ( and i did n't ) but after giving me an angry glare for 15-ish minutes as we continued playing , she said i had to go because she did n't trust me in her house . 
  she would n't even allow me innside to call my mom to pick me up , so my classmate had to do it . 
  so she basically threw out a 8-9 year old , beyond walking distance of his home , and would n't let him call his parents . 
  for sitting on an arm rest for under 30 seconds . 
  where can you get this in norway ? 
  thanks , 
  so true . 
  during my service period in the air force , i was stationed in a base inside a mountain . 
  did n't see daylight for three months . 
  at least he/she is on the [ facebook ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lchaatrwke4&amp;list=flqj7qntsfi8zghh28kknbpa&amp;index=16 ), 
  are you studying with the university of troms\u00f8 ? 
  i 've never heard of anyone studying up there , and i live in northern norway . 
  how are the rules regarding alcohol ? 
  can you buy as much as you want , or is it on rations ? 
  what 's regular life like up there ? 
  if i know my svalbard correctly ( and i doubt that i do ) most people living there are workers/proffesionals and there are n't that many families there ? 
  in other words , what do you do in your spare time ? 
  religion is not an issue in norway . 
  but you should be aware that there are n't many jewish people here , so i believe only the larger cities have synagogues . 
  you should , on the other hand , study norwegian culture before moving here for good . 
  like all countries we have our oddities , so you may want to visit norway a few times before making such a big change in your life . 
  remember that sogndal is a small place and far away from the larger cities , so i do n't think you get to be too picky about work . 
  websites like www.finn.no , www.nav.no , jobzone.no , and addeco.no are good tools for looking up jobs . 
  nav.no is especially good because it 's a government-run website and all public job openings have to be there . 
  if you 're serious , contact the ministry of foregin affairs ( i think ) and they can tell you about what needs to be in place for moving here . 
  the main rule is that our borders are closed , but i 've never heard of anyone from the first world having problems moving here . 
  i do n't think there is anything extremely odd about us , but all cultures have their own quirks . 
  some examples of our oddities are : we do n't wear shoes indoors , we do n't drink much alcohol during the weekdays , but are heavy weekend drinkers . 
  some of our food is quite an acquired taste . 
  we are proudly patriotic , but not like americans . 
  we mostly use the flag on national holidays and birthdays , but do not like foreginers talking bad about our contry . 
  we are much more reserved in public than the rest of western europe , but are rather informal and including in private . 
  hope you get something out of this , 
  edit : tried to make ball points , but failed . 
  ... i. . . i. . . i 'm not alone ? 
  thanks , 
  i 've heard that it also is the time of the day when you are the most alert , or something in those lines . 
  it 's not too early , and you still have most of the day in fromt of you . 
  do n't have any sources , though . 
  that actually made sense . 
  thanks , 
  i do n't remember it as * that * gory , but that has to be it . 
  gon na call it solved . 
  thanks !, 
  yes it does . 
  both for the same reasons many of my fellow redditors have mentioned already , but mainly because i have a slow computer and do n't know what games i can run . 
  an example for me is starcraft ii . 
  i 'd really like to try it and see how it runs , but there is no way i 'm paying a large amount of money for a game that i 'm not sure would run properly on my computer , or find entertaining for that matter . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  now i know what i 'll be doing tomorrow . 
  the yellow guy kind of reminds me of bic and bac from les mondes engloutis , but i ca n't remember that old guy in it . 
  there are two reasons why i like having subtiles on . 
  first of all , it 's because i do n't speak english as a first language , and thus i guarantee that i do n't miss any dialogue . 
  secondly , it 's because i kind of quit caring about videogames after the n64 and did n't play much untill the wii came out . 
  i 'm still sort of in awe of modern graphics and capabilities , and i think it 's really cool that i can have subtitles on videogame dialouge . 
  ( it reminds me of movies . ), 
  i 'll start by saying that i have an annoying habit of not finishing games . 
  when i get somewhere between 50 % - 90 % completion i stop playing . 
  there is one game that i reaaly want to finish , but it never gets done : the legend of zelda : twilight princess , i guess the reasons are that i do n't have enough time to play such a big game ( 2-3 hour gaming sessions ) , and that i hate the controls . 
  i really do n't like having to shake a wiimote when playing a game like loz : tp . 
  i would prefer laying on the couch enjoying the fantastic world , not sitting on a kitchen chair in front of the tv . 
  i can actually explain the name of norway to you . 
  in old norse , the name of norway was norveg ( not quite sure on the spelling , but it 's phonetically correct ) . 
  norveg consists of two parts `` nor '' , meaning north and `` veg '' meaning way/road . 
  so the original name , translated to english is norway , meaning the way to the north . 
  during the time under danish rule , the danes tried to make danish the spoken tounge , and started changing the name of everything . 
  when you say norveg with a danish accent , the - eg ending gets a bit blurred , sounding like the end of the word `` splurge '' , while the e and g is distinctly pronounced in norwegian . 
  after a few hundred years of bastardisation , the name became norge , written closer to the danish pronounsiation of norgj , rather than the norvegian norweg . 
  in other words , the english name of norway is closer to the original name than the native name of norge ,, 
  if he 's english , it should be no problem getting a job in his proffesion as long as it 's not service related . 
  but if you 're looking for unskilled work that does n't require norwegian , any kind of production work is possible . 
  a good suggestion would be working at a post terminal for posten . 
  they have those in troms\u00f8 , evenes , bod\u00f8 , trondheim , molde , bergen , stavanger , stokke and oslo .
