  they want to reorganize our political administration , reducing the number of municipalities and removing the counties . 
  this would save us billions that could be used where it matters . 
  the conservatives are on the rise and are doing a massive `` cleanup '' in the municipalities they control . 
  in my town , the old sosial-democratic regime wanted to reduce a low threshold support for teens with social issues , the economic support to the salvation army and a lot of other stuff like that . 
  the reason was that they claimed we were broke ( after they built a 1,2 billion kr culture house . ), 
  after the conservatives won the election , they sacked 40 bureaucrats instead so that no services would be reduced . 
  we 'll probably see something similar on a national level . 
  the social-democrats seem to think that bigger government is better government , and they 're ideological against private options . 
  some years ago , they stopped sending people to private clinics with spare capacity , because they did n't like the idea that someone made money out of it . 
  because they made a huge deal of making a national kindergarten guarantee they could n't do the same in that sector , as most municipalities are dependent on private companies building and running them , because we could n't afford the investment costs . 
  they also made it more difficult starting private schools and from next year they 're raising customs tax on meat and a lot of other things because people do n't want to buy expensive norwegian meat when they can get it drastically more cheaper in , say , sweden . 
  this will almost guaranteed be reversed by the conservatives . 
  other things we 'll see is that it 's now probably gon na be possible to lay off public employees in a more simple way . 
  today , if you have a teacher not being able to teach that well , that person gets another job at the school or just changes school in stead of being fired . 
  it 's also talks about relaxing the work environment law and accounting law for small business . 
  today , the unions are allowed to treat small business the same way they treat corporations , so there is little room for local wage negotiations . 
  a small kiosk was on national tv some time ago because the local labour organization was having a campaign against them because they thought that the part-time workers should make more per hour . 
  so a massive organization with a chair in the social-democratic party campaigned against a mom-and-pop store that employed some kids to help them around the shop . 
  dependent on what parties the conservatives makes a coalition with , there might be some not-really-important-but-highly-visible change . 
  alcohol will probably be allowed to be sold in shops until they close instead of 20:00 , we 'd probably see wine in shops instead of government run monopolies , playing poker with your friends would be legalized , some taxes will be removed , alcohol and tobacco might become cheaper to reduce smuggling from sweden and we might get to buy stuff for more than 200 kr without having to pay a 25 % custom 's markup . 
  two girls , drunk sex , wrong girl . 
  we just got netflix here in norway . 
  i think i 'll have to postpone my degree . 
  my best friend has started to lose his hair , so of course i made a song about it one night . 
  he did n't like it very much . 
  having a few pints with some friends , and maybe play a game or two of pool or go to a pub quiz . 
  if no one is available , then i 'll pour myself a whiskey , dim the lights in the living room and read a good book . 
  it would honor the invention of sliced white bread and would be celebrated by boyscouts going door-to-door handing out fresh toast in the morning . 
  it would be sponsored by the almighty toaster lobby . 
  i guess you 're on to something when you 're talking about english being such a dominant language , especially in a country like mine where we sub tv and film , but it seems to me that us culture is also proportionally unusually large in a country like germany that has a long tradition of dubbing their tv and movies . 
  also , a lot of the us shows shown on tv are , if not low budget , then at least not high budget shows . 
  the production cost of a show like the king of queens is probably inflated by salaries and the same result quality vice could be made in any country given a functioning entertainment industry . 
  an example could be the swedish movie the girl with the dragon tattoo , that was remade in hollywood . 
  there is n't any real difference in quality between the swedish and us version . 
  just out of curiosity i checked out what frp 's stance on immigration was , and i would n't exactly call them racist . 
  they are populist , by all means , but racist ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i could n't get the menu to work through google translate , but you can find their stance on immigration [ here ] ( http://www.frp.no/no/vi_mener/ ) . 
  ( just for the record , i do n't sympathize with them due to a number of reasons . ), 
  do n't forget that the largest group of immigrants from outside the west are asian ( pakistani ) . 
  i 'll try to answer this as best i can . 
  the cost is dependant on many things , like what country you 're in , the size of the school , the size of the class , what studies you 're taking and even how many people that applied that year . 
  hell , even how the school account indirect cost will have an effect on how much you cost the government and/or yourself . 
  i 'm from norway , and the major bulk of the costs are paid by the government . 
  iirk correctly , i believe a bachelor 's in business student at the university of nordland costs about 120 000 nok ( 21 000 usd ) every year . 
  this was a number i was told by a lecturer some years ago , so it might not be correct , but 's in the ballpark . 
  i have to pay around 120 usd every semester in administrative fees and cover the cost of books ( depends on semester , but usually between 260 and 700 usd twice a year . ), 
  if i was eligible for a scholarship , the government would pay me an roughly estimated 14 000 usd a year . 
  i have to pay them back 60 % of that sum , so now we need to calculate the direct sum of money i just get and the finance cost and gains of the mortgage part . 
  if you * really * want to talk about indirect gains , you could also talk about how much of an investment you are in terms of future tax gain and so forth . 
  so in other words , it depends on how you look at things . 
  i do n't really know the market outside norway , but in norway there are some interesting things that could happen . 
  sas is selling wider\u00f8e , a company that in ( i belive it was ) 2009 had the same average profit as norwegian during a 10-year period . 
  this company has a massive advantage in the government subsidized routes to northern and western norway . 
  they are in a situation where their preferred aircraft size is hard to find ( commersial planes that can land on short landingstrips ) , so when they need to renew their airpark they have some troubble . 
  at the same time , there is a trend to build new and bigger regional airports , so in the long run we 'll see fewer and larger airports in some of wider\u00f8e 's core areas like helgeland and lofoten . 
  this makes it a reasonable strategy for them to consider investing in larger aircrafts that can service routes between bigger cities . 
  norwegian seems to have another strategy , so they 're not really competing on routes with low ( er ) roi just to make a full-fledged national network . 
  for instance they fly from oslo to many destinations in poland , but you ca n't fly with them from bod\u00f8 to evenes . 
  these feeder-flights is an important basis for norwegian 's business model , but i do n't see them investing in small-ish aircrafts on routes with lower roi than other alternatives and will gladly let wider\u00f8e fill that gap . 
  it should also be said that sas norway has afaik always been profitable so there is money to me made on these routes , but with lower margins than international alternatives . 
  so for wider\u00f8e this is a natural step of evolving and i do n't think norwegian will mind them feeding regional hubs like troms\u00f8 , bod\u00f8 , stavanger and bergen . 
  as for the rest of scandinavia my ideas will be less based in reality , but what op mentioned about kastrup seems like a reasonable guess . 
  norwegian is the biggest contender from our part of europe , and they 'll use whatever airport they find the cheapest to fly people out of the region . 
  they have a lot of business in airports like rygge and gardermoen , so the margins made by moving to kastrup or arlanda must the huge to make them `` uproot '' from norway . 
  denmark and southern sweden will always be profitable destinations for most airlines , as there lives relatively many people in short distance to their airports . 
  the need for national flight routes may not be as high in denmark as in norway , but spain is n't exactly a short drive from denmark either , so the international market will be filled . 
  either by norwegian , lufthansa , british airways or someone else with the means of servicing so large routes . 
  * \u00d8l er som regel billigst p\u00e5 glassflaske og vin p\u00e5 dunk . 
  * pr\u00f8v \u00e5 hold d\u00f8gnrytmen god . 
  thanks . 
  i hope it works . 
  you 're right . 
  i just searched the game and that popped up . 
  the footage was taken from [ this ] ( http://www.nrk.no/fordypning/forpremiere-pa-22.juli-dokumentaren-1.8744174 ) documentary , but i 'm not sure if it 's available outside of norway . 
  thanks for the advice , but it was n't it . 
  when it happens , i 'm no longer shown any wireless networks on my computer , so i think there might be a problem with the laptop . 
  i 've had similar problems in the past if i 've downloaded things at  1 mb/s , but never when just streaming stuff . 
  that time it was the firewall , but that does n't seem to be the problem this time . 
  according to the documentary ( sadly , only in norwegian ) , it was standard procedure to check the licence plate as there was n't supposed to be any cars parked there . 
  the guy using the camera was checking the plates as the bomb exploded . 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure . 
  the documentary i 'm linking to is about the 22/7 event , so it also follows the stories of some members of the auf and not just breivik 's actions . 
  from the article i get the impression that this is one of the first serious ones about the events , as it 's called * the * 22/7 documentary . 
  ( but that could also mean that it 's just the first one made by the public broadcasting network . ), 
  but there was news articles about him every day for many months , so i guess it should n't be to hard to find info about him in english . 
  and at least 209 injured . 
  yes , i think that 's it !, 
  thanks !, 
  you 're right . 
  if anybody wants some further insight , check out [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/asksocialscience/comments/13345d/why_dont_if_two_countries_are_in_debt_to_each/ ) from / r/asksocialscience . 
  it 's been ages since i 've played it , but what you 're describing reminds me of theme park world . 
  could that be the game ? 
  i do n't know anything about taking pictures , so i guess that 's why i really liked the picture . 
  looks lovely and kind of fairytale-esque . 
  i 'm a man , i completely agree about the touching . 
  but is there really people that do n't touch you that much during the act ? 
  i understand if you need your hands for support , but i naturally start caresing if they 're free to feel `` closer '' to my partner , and thought everyone else did as well . 
  you 're right , it 's different for everyone . 
  i just find it natural to have my hands on her body if they 're available and it feels natural to do that .
