  if i try to come close to her while she 's laying on floor level , she runs off because i seem so much bigger . 
  she 's even let a few other people pet her , but only if they 've spent a few hours a my place first . 
  she * hates * being lifted , but she no longers struggles . 
  her name comes from the fact that she 's gotten really fat since i got her . 
  since she was n't used to having a constant source of food , she became a bit of a glutton and always tried to eat it all . 
  she 's stopped that now , but she is still quite large . 
  she has also become more active , and because of that and her size , she has become extremely strong for a cat . 
  she even tore up the scratching-pole . 
  she is named after the rugby ball , in fact . 
  she is a big cat and when she lies on the side with her gut stretched out she reminds me of a rugby ball . 
  if you 're going for winter tourism , i believe that finnmark is your best bet . 
  they have ice hotels a few places , an unique landscape and a visible presence of the sami people . 
  i also think they 're the county with the most built-up winter tourism , so i guess there are more activities . 
  if you want the classical postcard experience with fjords and mountains , lofoten in nordland county is a great place to explore . 
  you should be avare that finnmark is kind of disconnected from the rest of the country in regards of flights , so doing both lofoten and finnmark is expencive and time consuming . 
  when i had to go to kirkenes from bod\u00f8 ( the hub city closest to lofoten ) , it was both cheaper and faster for me to fly via oslo , instead of flying to troms\u00f8 and then taking the flight that stops at all the minor airports . 
  i think so , but i 'm not from there so i do n't know how conditions are in the winter . 
  i 've heard of roads getting closed , but i 'm not sure how common it is or for how long the roads are closed . 
  distances are long . 
  it 's a 7 hours drive from alta to kirkenes , but as long as you do n't mind that , then i guess it 's all right . 
  do you speak norwegian or swedish ? 
  if not , you 're in for a hard time . 
  you could try to search for jobs in fish landing . 
  it pays well , you do n't have to knoe norergian and you do n't need an eudcation . 
  if you 're lucky , you might get one . 
  pays around 2-3000 euros a month during season . 
  that sounds so much like my rugby !, 
  she is a lovely , well tempered cat , but she scares easily . 
  did you do anything special to make him feel at home ? 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure you can get bedbug spray without ordering it online . 
  i 've never bought or heard of anyone needing heavy duty bug spray here . 
  if i remember correctly , some homes in troms\u00f8 had a problem with cockroaches some years ago , so there might be a market there . 
  after a quick google search , it seems like jernia has bug spray . 
  if there is n't one where you live , try coop hypermaked or some of the other bigger shops . 
  if you live in a smaller town , just try rema or ask around . 
  i 'm 31 , so i 'm not sure if i 'm an older man , but i agree with the people that say you should focus on getting a job . 
  i 've spent the last 7 years of my life pursuing an interest of mine . 
  i 've even got a short lived but highly paying job for a while . 
  now that the job is done , i 'm extremely glad that i took a bachelor 's degree in busines administration . 
  still , i 've been unemployed since november because i 'm a hard sell to the entry level jobs i 'm qualified for . 
  few companies want to employ someone my age when they could get some 22 year old fresh out of uni . 
  my advice to you is not only to get that safe education , but you should also get a few years of work related to that profession . 
  i just have one question to you : is journalism considered a safe profession in the uk ( where i 'm asuming you 're from ) ? 
  here in norway , it 's considered a huge gamble due to the cuts in print media . 
  it was also an extremely hard course to get into since there were few spots and lots of people that wanted to take that education . 
  iirk , some years it was as hard to get in to a journalism course as it was to get in to a medical course , so we ended up with huge amounts of highly educated smart people that had a hard time getting a job . 
  if you liked da : i , i guess you 'll love witcher 3 . 
  in my opinion , dragon age origins is probably more similar to witcher 3 than da : i , in the sense that the missions felt less like a mmorpg , like i think they did in da : i. 
  i also have n't played the previous witchers , but 3 was outstanding and for me it became one of my favorite rpgs of all time . 
  i 've never played any far cry game , so i ca n't say anything about them . 
  a mate of mine had a similar experience with a woman he was seeing . 
  according to him the conversation was going great , but she was painfully slow to answer and it could go a day or two before she answered . 
  turned out that she had an extremely relaxed relationship with her phone , and often left it at home when she went out and about . 
  could the guy you 're texting have a similar disposition ? 
  or maybe he works or lives in a way that he has limited access to his phone ? 
  my biggest tip would be learn how to norway like a norwegian . 
  this is gon na be a bit overhyped , but i 'm just trying to make you understand the culture a bit better . 
  we do n't eat at restaurants every week , so if you think you can take the family out for lunch and dinner every day , you 're gon na spend a lot of money . 
  also , some things are * relatively * more expensive here and you might not know about it . 
  for instance , american fast food places are n't the cheapest options for food . 
  our kiosks sell hotdogs for half the price , or you can get a freshly made kebab with a soda for the same price as a large burger king meal . 
  if you absolutely have to eat at restaurants , try generic pizzerias . 
  they usually sell more than pizza and they cost about half of what you have to pay at a mid-level restaurant . 
  we also do n't drink moderate amounts of alcohol evenly trough the week , we binge drink on weekends . 
  this applies to older people , as well . 
  if you walk along aker brygge during the summer and se loads of people drinking , there is a chance that these people are celebrating something , have visiting family or something that makes this an odd day . 
  we do n't generally stop by the pub after work for a few pints , and when we drink we almost always start out at home with a * vorspiel * where we drink beer from the shop instead of starting out sober at a pub . 
  in generall , the bars are crowded from 23-03 , with very little happening before . 
  unless it 's one of those rare summer days , where we all splurge and go out at 20:00 because we can drink outside . 
  we are known for being a closed and cold people , but think of us as a shy but friendly person and you 'll be closer to the truth . 
  we love to talk to foreginers but rarely start the conversation our self , so most of us wil appreciate it if you start to talk to us . 
  if you 're coming from a country with high road standards , you should be carefull about driving here . 
  we have horrible roads , but make up for it by having a longer driving instruction , making us better equipped to drive here . 
  if you 're renting a rv and driving up the coast , please let locals drive past you when conditions are right . 
  there is nothing worse than being behind a caravan of polish trucks and german rvs when you 're trying to get from a to b in a timely manner . 
  if you 're planning to camp here , that 's grand . 
  it 's a country made for hiking and camping . 
  but if you do , please be considerate of the locals . 
  we have had problems with tourists camping in graveyards and on farmland in the past . 
  if you 're visiting trondheim , then a place like bergen is gon na be a flight away . 
  just like canada , norway is a large country with a small population . 
  are you willing to pay 1500 nok for a one way flight ? 
  if not , then check out tronderlag.com or visitnorway.no and look for things to do in the trondheim area . 
  the former state owned telenor is probably the company with the best coverage . 
  when norway deregulated the phone industry , they choose to compete on coverage instead of price , so their network is incredibly good . 
  in the last 3-4 years , telia sonera ( formerly netcom ) started to compete on coverage as well , so they are getting better coverage all the time , and it 's better than most other countries in europe . 
  telenor has phone coverage in 99 % of the country , but mobile data wo n't work in valleys or other outdoorsy areas . 
  4g is mostly a city/town thing , but you should either get 3g or edge in the mountains . 
  lofoten should have more 4g than 3g , but if you climb a mountain , you 're gon na get edge ( 2,5 g iirk ) . 
  there are networks better than telenor when it comes to internet coverage in nature , but telenor offers phone services almost everywhere . 
  ice probably has a better internet service , but coverage might not cover phoning . 
  it is probably a lot cheaper for the train ticket in it self , but it 's a 15 hour train ride from trondheim to bergen because you have to go via oslo , so expect to lose a day and spend money on expensive train food . 
  i 'm also not sure there is a ferry that goes from \u00c5lesund all the way to bergen , but i 'm not from that part of the country , so i might be wrong . 
  have you looked into renting a car ? 
  * rent a wrek * is one of the cheaper ones , but then you have to pay for toll roads and ferrys , so i 'm not sure if you save any money compared to flying . 
  we 've tried this before and it did n't go that well . 
  the nordics wanted to host the ec in 2008 , while norway and sweden wanted to hold it in 2016 . 
  iirk , there are more artificial turf stadiums now than ever before , so i just ca n't se it happen . 
  if that happened , we would have one of those once-every-fifteen-years seasons , qualify to get to the qualifiers to the europa league or something , and draw ac milan . 
  away at hello kitty staduim , home at the stamina hot arena .
