  what 's up with italy naming portugal ? 
  ... yes . 
  yes , it is ... 
  i 'll show myself out , now . 
  truth be told , i did n't bring proper clothing , so i stayed indoors as much as possible . 
  it was -15 degrees celcius and i even forgot my scarf . 
  i think that 's another cabin . 
  i think most of these were built during ww2 or right after . 
  today , you would n't be alowed to build anything there , but there are still some small cabins that families have taken care of . 
  they lack water , cell phone reception and are consideratly cheaper than modern day cabins , but they have their charm . 
  i have a similar `` friend '' that went as far as deleting his profile after a longer series of rants . 
  the day later , he added me on his new profile and gave a long rant in a status about how it was faster for him to make a new profile for his true friends instead of deleting all the shitty people in his life . 
  you should think i 'd be close to this guy , but i only met him two or three times half a decade ago . 
  we do n't speak . 
  like ever . 
  when you discover that the woman from the bar had a stuffed bra . 
  adding a bit over olive oil and mozarella to a frozen pizza brightens it up a notch . 
  instead of making ramen soup , i like to make ramen and pork . 
  cook chopped up pieces of pork/chicken/beef , add some sweet and sour/that/whatever sauce . 
  then make the ramen , filter out the water , and mix with the meat and sauce . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but at least in europe , you can still find servers with a low enough level to make the game fun . 
  i 've been playing the game on-off for a decade now , and my tip is to play with eastern europeans in the beginning . 
  for some reason , the level is lower on those servers . 
  as a norwegian i think i 'm supposed to remind you that we actually beat brazil 2-1 in the '98 wc . 
  serious sam was great , but is n't it focused on multi player ? 
  that was the only way i played it , at least . 
  even if it 's not a dos game , i recommend max paine as well . 
  never got in to the sequels , so i ca n't say anything about them . 
  you 're righ . 
  max payne was a third person shooter , but if i remember the mechanics correctly , it worked as a fps ( if that makes any sense ? ), 
  thanks for your answer . 
  giving them up is only the final solution , but i find it strange that they have started fighting over territory now . 
  they are both older than 1,5 years , both are spayed/neutered ( having the eggs taken out . 
  english is my second language ) and have been good friends for almost a year now . 
  is this something that happens to cats ? 
  they havent peed anywhere for the 48 hours i 've been home , at least . 
  i see that a lot of people agree with you , so i 'm not gon na argue against your observations , but i 've had my licence for six years now and i 've never experienced bad signaling on the scale you 're describing . 
  in my experience , most people signal when they 're leaving the roundabout , but few signal when they intend to do a left turn in the roundabout before they get in . 
  other than that , i guess most drivers signal that they 're gon na overtake you in the last minute , but that 's all the bad behaviour i 've experienced regulary . 
  i see you live in bergen . 
  could it be a city thing ? 
  i live in a town in the north , so we do n't have motorways like they do in the south . 
  that was fast ... 
  lake fishing requires a pass , you can read more about that [ here ] ( http://www.statskog.no/en/sider/default.aspx ) . 
  unless you 're planning on fishing industrial quantities of ocean fish , i think you 're not gon na have any problems . 
  the same site will also tell you about hunting , but i do n't think you 'd be allowed to bring a weapon if you 're gon na live in a van . 
  iirk , you need a fixed gun safe in order to store your weapons in norway . 
  if you 're traveling to other countries first , stock up on food items over there . 
  you 're allowed to bring 10 kg of meat from abroad . 
  fore more info , click [ here ] ( http://www.toll.no/en/goods/food/regulations-for-meat-milk-cheese-and-other-foods/ ), 
  the cheaper store chains are kiwi and rema , but they are notorious for not having many sales . 
  kiwi has a friday deal where you can get beef , chicken or pork for cheap and rema has started doing some sales , but for the best deals check out coop obs or eurospar . 
  the two latter chains are more expensive in general , but have sales more often . 
  edit : the * too good to go * app is slowly starting to get a hold over here , so you might use it to find some good deals . 
  ok , this is probably a very dumb question , but i have to ask it anyway : how much do the local united supporters pay for a single ticket at ot with ok seating ? 
  the reason i ask is because i 've only been to ot once , and we payd roughly 65 pounds for our tickets trough the norwegian supporters club . 
  ok , thanks !, 
  if you do n't mind a follow up : how easy is it to get a league ticket at short notice ? 
  say that i 'm in the uk for whatever reason , would it be possible for me to buy a ticket , let 's say three-four weeks in advance ( or even match day for that matter ) if united were playing a team like norwich or stoke ? 
  to rephrase a bit : how do the avereage local supporter get a hold of their tickets ? 
  my local team is * always * under capacity so i do n't know how this works in a popular club like united . 
  [ i 'm ... 
  i 'm . 
  so sorry ... ] ( http://www.everydaynodaysoff.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/looks-shopped-tell-by-pixels.jpg ), 
  ok , i think i get it now !, 
  thanks for your answers . 
  according to the statistics agency , you either make just under avereage pay or just above . 
  average monthly pay is 42 300 , while average agreed monthly pay is 39 800 . 
  i do n't know what the difference is . 
  in my experience , two people with no kids can get by easily with your salary , as long as you do a little bit of planning and make your own meals etc. 
  maybe a bit off-topic , but when i visited new york a few years ago , i was surprised over how * tired * a lot of stuff looked . 
  many subway stops had terrible air ( kinda dusty , not just the normal subway air stink ) and missing tiles on the wall . 
  i took the bus to some outlet store and the bus station we went from seemed like it was from the 70 's . 
  all brown and beige , if i remember correct . 
  during the trip to the outlet , we entered a tunnel where the front brics were missing , so it looked crumbling . 
  according to the norwegian wikipedia article , norwegian and sami are the official languages , but in the subsection regaring languages , it says that the kven language , romani and scandoromani are official minority languages that norway has a special responisbility to preserve . 
  so , does this mean we have five or two official languages in norway ? 
  ok , thanks . 
  we did n't have blockbuster in my country , but i completely get what you 're saying . 
  i used to be able to go to the store and rent videos two or three times a week and there was always something new to watch . 
  today , my best renting option is itunes and they are way too slow to update their catalogue , so i end up watching something new once a month . 
  another anoying thing with itunes , netflix etc. 
  is that they are horrible at distinguish between thrillers and horror movies . 
  i do n't have any data to back up my claims , so it would be interesting if someone with more knowledge than me could post some statistics or correct any mistakes on my part . 
  i think this is the sort of question where you either get a `` yes , if ... '' or `` no , but ... '' answer . 
  the us spends a lot on its military both at home and in europe . 
  this means that european countries do n't need to spend as much on their own military , because the us would bail them out if they got in any serious trouble . 
  this gives the european countries more money to spend on other things , like wellfare , so you could say that the us indirectly subsidize european economies . 
  on the other hand , the ~ 1 % of gdp we are n't spending on military capabilities does n't a wellfare state make . 
  iirk , here in norway we use roughly one third of our national budget on health and wellfare related expences . 
  the presense of us troops in europe is also a factor that benefits our economy , because it means that there are more people spending money in our towns , giving a boost to the local communities . 
  then again , i 'm not sure if this happens on a large enough scale that it affects the national economy of countries where the us stations it 's troops . 
  ** the next part is gon na be really anecdotal **, 
  you also have to factor in the investments made by the us military as well . 
  my home town would probably be a lot smaller if the us had n't descided that they should use the town as a buffer zone during the cold war . 
  we had an airport before the us came , but it was with american money that the military part shaped up to nato standards . 
  it 's currently the norwegian air force 's main base and hosts two f-16 squadrons , but the air force is sadly leaving in a few years . 
  the military , in many ways , built my home town . 
  it 's roughly 6-700 km to the closest town of the same size or larger and i have no idea how this part of the country would look if this town did n't become moderatly large . 
  we have had problems with depopulation in the region for decades , and if it was n't for my home town , the county would have a smaller population than it did in the 1950 's .
