  sure . 
  that sound great . 
  if you take the responsibility to arrange this , you should x-post to r/norge . 
  interrailing from budapest to rome via venezia . 
  we went out the day before , so we were all stinking of alcohol and sweat , and we did n't have time to take a shower in the morning . 
  it was quite warm , around 35 degrees ( we 're used to 18-20 degrees in summer ) , and the train was running late . 
  on the trip to venezia , we did n't have much to do , so we descided to get drunk again . 
  we were only in venezia for half a day , so no shower there . 
  at the end of our trip to rome , we smelled so bad that all other travelers left when we got to the diner cart for food . 
  me too . 
  if you look at the time when the original poster 's comments are posted , the kid would have to do an all-nighter to post this , and then sits on reddit at noon . 
  he 's written comments at 00:00 , 06:00 and 12:00 cet . 
  i know . 
  that 's why i stated the time in cet . 
  according to national law , if you drive up to 35 km/h over the speed limit in a 70 km/h zone , you get 7800 nok or 1348 usd in fines . 
  that is a hard question , and i cant really pick one . 
  this generation is the furthest gaming has come , and there are so many good games . 
  for me , it 's either :, 
  * super mario galaxy 2 ( it was a celebration of fun gaming ), 
  * loz : skyward sword ( it 's the most complete loz in a decade ), 
  * modern warfare ( the series became a milking cow , but this was a great game ), 
  * minecraft ( so simple , yet so brilliant ), 
  * portal ( they proved you can make a modern non-sports game without killing being a central theme ( mostly ) ), 
  i 've probably forgotten many games , but since you aksed for my favorite , i have to say mario galaxy 2 . 
  the first galaxy game made platforming relevant in this generation , but galaxy 2 was the polished version of an already polished game . 
  i know it 's probably not this , but just to have it off the list : u2 - [ one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftjecrrf7r0&amp;ob=av2e ), 
  norwegian accents are a lot like the different english accents , but with a little bit less identety than the former . 
  we have five `` main '' accents with local variation . 
  if you ask me what nationality i am , i 'll say norwegian and not northern-norwegian , while someone from the uk might say they 're from scotland instead of gb . 
  we do n't have a tighter local bond than the national bond , but * inside * of norway , we define us by our regional accents . 
  eg , if i speak to someone from oslo about where i 'm from , i 'd say northern norway . 
  if i speak to someone from troms\u00f8 ( a city in northern norway ) , i 'd say nordland county , and if i was speaking to someone from nordland county ( where i 'm from ) , i 'd say bod\u00f8 . 
  people from nordland can tell where i 'm from , people from troms\u00f8 could tell what region i 'm from , and a person from oslo could tell what part of the country i 'm from . 
  the `` butter crisis '' is about the lack of proper old fashioned butter . 
  the shops are full of margarine and plant-oil butter , something the english news seems to overlook . 
  it 's like the us should run low on fanta ( but not other kinds of orange flavoured soda ) and the rest of the world talked about the orange sode crisis . 
  yeah , i know . 
  there is no lack of those products in norway , so everyone can make their own butter . 
  i think the entire situation is blown out of proportions . 
  you can get surge in norway . 
  there was a subreddit made for sending sodas to other countries . 
  go to r/sodaswap ( or something like that ) , and you can get some redditor to send you some , 
  standing in the line during a direct free kick . 
  this mini roberto carlos guy did a great shot and hit me straight in the balls . 
  i see many think it sounds like cantonese or something similar , but the thing i thought of was danish . 
  i agree , the fifa soundtrack is great and it always has been . 
  i remember playing fifa 98 ( i think ? ), 
  and rocking hard at blur and fatboy slim . 
  now i put the songs in my playlist on spotify , listen to them a few times and keep around 80 % of them . 
  i think the soundtrack is one of the things that makes the game worth buying every year , 
  wow , i was wondering how i did that . 
  thanks !, 
  i just tought of it the other way , and i would not be ok with her going to a male stripper . 
  you are completely justified by saying no . 
  to be honest , he wants to marry you . 
  he loves you . 
  and some person acting like a piece of meat should not be a problem to your relationship . 
  i belive the toll on electronics are average , meaning that you must pay 25 % on purchases above 200 nok . 
  books have a lower toll , i think . 
  school starts at age 6 over here , so i would probably buy my child a completely basic pay as you go phone ( no internet ) then . 
  for a child that young , a phone is not going to be used as a normal phone , but shall be used as a safety line to mom and dad . 
  and before that phone gets handed over , there will be long talks on how you use that phone , young man . 
  and if you misuse that privelege , it get 's taken away . 
  the sad thing is that soon people can say `` i 'm 20 and what is this '' . 
  i think i have an explonation for that pic . 
  the weapon is a h&k ag3 , used by the norwegian armed forces . 
  when the 19-year olds serving conscription is locket up in the barracs , they get bored and take pictures with their weapons . 
  ... the more you know, 
  you 're absolutely right , and i now feel old for siting a 8 year old refference . 
  it depends from country to country . 
  here in norway , an university has to have at least four different doctor 's degree programmes . 
  there might be some requirements regarding number of master 's degrees or number of students , but i 'm not sure . 
  after a quick google search , i know i 've seen the bottles before but i ca n't remember where . 
  according to [ their website ] ( http://www.vimtointernational.com/ ) they sell it in norway . 
  just of curiosity , what is the full name of the place she 's from ? 
  never heard of the shortening kbg ? 
  should have guessed it was kongsberg . 
  you could try to email the vimto people about what shops that sells their products . 
  i do n't think they 'll hold back that information . 
  my guess would be 7-11 , narvesen , scene 1 , meny or ultra . 
  also , it 's just 2-3 hours from kongsberg to sweden . 
  it might be more common there . 
  it 's a large country with a lot of different scenery . 
  i guess the most tourist-y thing to do would be to explore western - and northern-norway . 
  there are a few x-days in norway guides , but most of them skip the north , witch is the most exotic part . 
  wherever you choose to go , just remember it 's an expensive place and that you should go during the summer . 
  if i 'm not wrong , it looks like that site includes electricity and petrol in the cpi , and that would make up the major difference in the cities . 
  foodstuff and consumer products do n't really have different prices in places with more than , say , 5000 people . 
  for example , a litre of milk costs the same everywhere , just as long as one of the chains have a store there . 
  i 'm not quite sure why there is such a large difference in the index , but my best guess would be that they use average prices , something that just means that stavanger have more upscale restaurants than trondheim . 
  last time i was in stavanger , i could get a large pizza for about 100-120 nok , something that 's cheap by norwegian standards . 
  also , there are * many * cheaper places in norway . 
  oslo metropolitan area , trondheim , bergen and stavanger are probably the most expensive ( and biggest ) cities in norway regarding housing , witch is probably the largest single cost you have . 
  i 'm from a medium-sized norwegian city , and the only thing i find more expensive when i visit oslo is the price of alcohol and restaurant food in the downtown area . 
  that said , someone living there would probably know where to find both tings much cheaper than the average cost in my home town . 
  to try to summarize this rant , the average norwegian could live anywhere in the country without suffering a loss in life quality , but the four large cities have a larger precentage of people with high income , and thus there are more services catering their needs . 
  norwegian here , and this is my theory :, 
  we were under danish and swedish rule from the ~ 14th century to 1905 . 
  during the danish rule , the danes tried to more or less assimilate the norwegian population . 
  this lead to a large focus on national identity and rights for the commoner .
