  hadde en god feature-avdeling for ca 10 \u00e5r siden i magasinet, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i 'm not trying to say that this map is wrong as a whole , but it seems strange in arctic norway . 
  as far as i know , the area between bod\u00f8 and troms\u00f8 has never had that kind of conservative majority , while bod\u00f8 have had a non-socialict majority in the last 20-ish years . 
  could you elaborate on the data you got from norway ? 
  again , thanks for the answer . 
  i know i 'm nitpicking , but there seems to be something odd about the 2013 map , as the coalition colours seems to be correct , but the legend is switched . 
  it also shows that narvik is blue , while rana is red . 
  the lastest local election ( 2011 ) was historical in those two municipalities , as it was the first time in the last 50-100 years they got a conservative mayor . 
  using the data you 've got for norway is kinda difficult , as the parties are divided in the 2005-2013 majority government coalition . 
  this coalition does n't translate well on a local or regional level , as the centre-parties usually tips the scale . 
  in general r , sv and ap are left-wing parties , while h and frp are right-wing parties . 
  v is usually in alliance with the right wing but are politically in the centre , while krf and sp could go either way . 
  i 'm no expert on political science , but if you 're mapping voting divides in norway , it might be better to use r , sv and ap for the left , and h and frp for the right . 
  you might even throw in v in the right for good measure . 
  also , since we vote for muncipality and county elections at the same time , there is usually no major difference between the aggregate municipal results and the county results . 
  if you need a tool to make this data i recommend trying to run [ poll of polls ] ( http://www.pollofpolls.no/ ) through google translate ( unless you speak norwegian ), 
  you 're right . 
  i know evenes and and\u00f8y has massive conservative support , and that they 've been in office for over a decade . 
  b\u00f8 has also had a conservative major for something like 16 years , but i believe it 's a result of a labour-conservative coalition . 
  i know the conservatives won many municipalities in love as a result of the oil debate , but i 'm not sure if they have the same historical influence as they have in evenes , b\u00f8 and and\u00f8y . 
  i know it might be painful , but to be honest , this is the best thing that could have happened to you . 
  she probably cares about you and want you in her life as a friend , but she cares enough about you to understand that you ca n't be `` onlu friends '' with her . 
  seriously , as someone that had to go through that ( except she wantet to be friends ) , this is grand . 
  i hope you get through it , and the best of luck !, 
  spiders . 
  a pallet of spiders every week would be roughly one pallet of spiders too much every week . 
  i remember being really insulted when i learned about this as a kid . 
  at the time , one of the major norwegian satellite networks was broadcast from the uk , so they could send toy advertising while bypassing the law . 
  getting up at 7 in the morning to watch cartoons sided with * relevant * and * important * information about coco-puffs and action figures was much better than watching all those boring shampoo commercials . 
  i was an independent and rational human , and the fact that the toy commercials accidentaly happened to show the toys i wanted was nothing more than coincidence . 
  what country do you work in ? 
  let me start by saying that i 'm a little bit drunk right now and english is my second language , so i 'm sorry if i 'm a bit unclear . 
  i think regional pricing is bad , because i believe the effects are going to be different than what you describe . 
  segregating markets is in general bad for the consumer , and there is no other reason for a company like gog to do it other than profits . 
  they 're basically saying that they want to sell more digital downloads , but to do that they need to lower the price . 
  instead of all customers getting lower prices , they still want the same profits from high-income countries . 
  if this was a more traditional product , we could debate what the true cost of the product really is and how much profit they make , but digital downloads are different . 
  while i do n't know what kind of deal gog have , there is a good probability that they have huge set up expences - making the true price of the first copy sold really high - and almost no expences selling * the next * copy . 
  in other words , if they sell a game for any amount of money , they know how many copies they need to sell to break even or make a profit . 
  if they set the price at vietnamese levels , then they need to sell more copies than if they sold the games at norwegian retail level . 
  they will obviously sell more games if they 're cheaper , the question is * do we make more selling ta game for 100 usd that some will buy or 10 usd to a lot more people ? 
  what gog is trying to do is both , and that might be bad for them in the long run because it pisses off the consumer . 
  games on steam costs more if you pay in eur than in usd , and even more if you pay in nok . 
  at the moment steam is selling gta v for 539 nok , while amazon.com is selling the pc version for 55 usd . 
  due to a historically weak krone , that 's only 25 % cheaper for the us version , but in 2008 that would mean that the same game would be half the price in the us . 
  as an average consumer , i do n't belive that steam is giving me a good deal , and i * actively research * what other websites are selling games for before i buy them . 
  if i believed that steam was among the cheapest game sellers , i would n't be bothered to look elsewhere because maybe saving 2-3 dollars would n't be worth 30 minutes of my time . 
  but if i could save 10-20 dollars by buying elsewhere , like it is today , i would definatly be researching prices . 
  at the moment i consider gog cheap . 
  that might be because i 've only bought old games from them . 
  the real question is then , do gog feel cheap enough for me to second guess every purchase i consider , because i believe they 're giving me a bad deal ? 
  i have an unpopular opinion , but it 's more about the attitude of players in general than man utd in particular . 
  it 's also probably quite dumb as i did n't follow any sports for most of my adult life , as i did n't watch football between the age of 17 and 26 . 
  anyhow , it sure covers united as well , so i 'll post it :, 
  these people are bloody proffesionals , and they should bloody act like it . 
  i understand that playing sports is more of an art than a traditional profesion , but the attitude that i see in some games are just not acceptable when you 're making a year 's salary in a month or less . 
  the team we 're watching every week consist of some of the best players in the world and many ( if not most ) are often among the 11 best players from their entire nation , rated higher than thousands of others . 
  it 's not really fair to compare it skill-by-skill to other proffesions , but if you were making the same amount of money as most of the starting united squad , you 'd probably have a job that demanded 100 % effort every second of your day . 
  could you imagine some businessman making the same salary as rooney saying that he ca n't come in to work because it 's saturday ? 
  of course not . 
  and remember that i 'm not talking about some norwegian player from the obos-league making an ok salary , i 'm talking about the top 0,1 % of the global wage earners . 
  i expect to se roar strand-level of exhaustion during the break . 
  not giving 100 % efford during a match just is n't acceptible at the level united is playing at . 
  warning :, 
  part ii has noisy background music . 
  as many have said , the story is like a long south park episode . 
  i thought it was great fun . 
  the game played like the hand held mario rpgs , so a bit on the simple side but still fun . 
  it was a bit short , and at least in my opinion , it lacked replayability . 
  this is the dumbest lie i 've read in a while . 
  who told you that ? 
  the popuation of northern norway is roughly 500 000 people with roughly 80 000 people living south of the arctic circle . 
  troms\u00f8 and bod\u00f8 both have more than 50 000 inhabitants , while ~ ~ mo i rana ~ ~ ( and maybe harstad ) has more than 25 000 . 
  alta and narvik ( and maybe harstad , again ) is over 15 000 , but less than 25 000 . 
  then you have muncipalities with roughly 10 000 people , like ~ ~ vefsn ~ ~ , fauske , sortland , v\u00e5gan , vestv\u00e5g\u00f8y , finsnes and whatever is i finnmark county . 
  edit : i counted some towns south of the arctic circle, 
  the [ national hockey assosiation ] ( http://81.94.166.29/nif/ ) sells shirts with the name of your choosing for 795 kr . 
  i 'm not sure if you can get shirts anywhere else . 
  hockey is n't particulary popular in norway . 
  i can believe that . 
  sadly , my town does n't have a hockey team ... 
  in modern norwegian , i 'd say, 
  t ( as in taco ), 
  y ( similar to the y in yes as pronounced by a posh brit , not as in an american sayeing `` yeah '' . 
  the latter has more of an `` j '' - sound ) . 
  [ phonetically , i 'd write this as `` a-yjes '' , if you understand ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rl5zvljj4vg ), 
  r ( rolling the r ), 
  i ( as in india ), 
  if i 'd try to pronounce it as a viking name , i 'd exchange the taco-t with the th from `` the '' . 
  the y in typical is excactly the sound i was thinking of , when i was writing how i pronounce the letter . 
  and [ this ] ( http://www.classicnorway.no/upload_images/0e2574fb25c2437eb5e17738f2472878.png ) is reine in lofoten . 
  humanity is n't as one-dimentional as you 'd like . 
  how about warcraft 3 ? 
  it has a long single player campaign and tonnes of user made content . 
  c&c generals is also a favorite of mine , but it 's a completely different setting . 
  if i remember correctly , age of mythology was similar to aoe . 
  i think they 're made that way so that people with bad eyes can easily distinguish between them . 
  the copper coins have no edge and look alike , the golden ones have some edge ( the 20 cent is different from the two others , as well ) and the 1 $ and 2 $ feel completely different from the rest . 
  things have been shaken up because of the crash in the oil sector , so there are less jobs now than before .
