  this made me interested in proper video games again , and sometime in 09 or 10 i bought myself an xbox 360 . 
  i 'm not the only one i know that stopped playing video games years ago that was brought back to gaming because of the wii . 
  even many of my friends that had n't owned a console since the snes suddenly bought the wii after they saw the social/casual appeal of the console . 
  many of them i still play online with to this day . 
  [ 2006 called . 
  they want their joke back ] ( http://i.imgur.com/puyo3b5.jpg ) . 
  iirk [ these guys ] ( http://www.fyllingenbergen.no/files/2013/08/toro_logo.jpg ) are still or used to sponsor them . 
  they make soups and other dried/powdery stuff you add water to . 
  it 's because of the gulf stream . 
  i live in the north , and we do n't even have snow at the moment . 
  it can be really dry , depending on the level you 're elected to and what subjects that interest you . 
  have no interest in the distribution of electrical power ? 
  thats to bad , because the eu is rolling out their third energy packet , and you need to be on top of that . 
  it 's extremely costly and important . 
  have no knowlege of fish farming , and the expert 's are n't agreeing on the new bill ? 
  well , you need to make a descision . 
  facing budget cuts ? 
  then you need to prepare for the media frenzy when the opposition creates a budget that reverses every cut you are doing . 
  while it 's technically sound , it will ruin the economy in the long run and ca n't deliver what it promises . 
  who do you thing the voters listen to ? 
  the opposition guy not shutting down ferrys , or you talking about interest rates and liquidity levels ? 
  then there is the single-causers and the expenditure politicians in your party that just does n't get why we need to cut and just ca n't do the opposition 's flim-flam . 
  they tend to get loud and angry , and you need to convince these people that what we 're doing is for the greater good . 
  and after four years of working crazy hours ( politicians are not subject to work enviroment laws ) you get at big fat thank you of not being re-nominated because you 're a mix of : from the wrong place , have the wrong age and the wrong gender . 
  then the election comes , and the opposition guy wins because the voters remembers the cut in ferrys . 
  seems like the bigger dots are missionary stations owned by norwegians or stations that emply norwegians , while the smaller ones are `` other stations for heathens or jewish missions '' . 
  i have no experience with au pairs at all , so all i know are the media scandals that sometimes is in the news . 
  my best tip would be to know your rights . 
  according to utanning.no , the national career and education portal , the host family should give you free housing and food with a wage of mimimum of 2400 kr a month . 
  the normal is working 30 hours a week , and you have the day off at least once a week . 
  every six months you should get a week long holiday . 
  other than that , if it 's inder\u00f8y in nord-tr\u00f8nderlag county , you 'll be in the countryside in a relatively flat part of norway with a lot of forests . 
  what made you choose that part of the country ? 
  edit : as / u/verdinus pointet out , the minimum wake is 5400 kr a month andand you get 25 vacation days every calendar year . 
  dunno why utdanning.no is n't updated . 
  a proper irish pub , but i 'll settle with a mcdonalds . 
  i 'm no expert on the matter , but i belive it 's a side effect of the treaty of svalbard . 
  svalbard is n't a norwegian county or municipality and is the only place in the gountry where we have a governor ( sysselmann ) . 
  the taxes are also lower because norway ca n't use the tax income from svalbard anywhere else . 
  do n't know about the us , but norway does n't seem to follow our counties ( our second-level administrative districts ) . 
  because the map is so pixelated , i ca n't tell if it follows municipalities or not . 
  i do n't know you or know where you 're from , but i would consider turning down a tablet rather rude . 
  it 's a gift , and an expensive one at that . 
  your parents might have spent a large amount of their disposable income to give you that gift , and unless you 're younger than 10 years old , this is not an ok way to respond . 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm blunt , but you could at least try to appreciate it for your parent 's sake . 
  if you want to look at the bright side , a tablet is great for watching netflix or hbo in bed and imho a life-saver during flights . 
  as someone used to norwegian ( european ? ), 
  toilets , i think the toilets in the us are really unconfortable to use . 
  almost as bad as the washout toilet , even . 
  the water level is so high that everything just kinda floats around , and if you are n't careful , you might touch something while whiping . 
  you got a lot of those facts right , but missed on a couple . 
  you can drive a car with 0,02 , but the police has the right to use a breathalyzer to check you . 
  bokm\u00e5l and sidem\u00e5l are two different written languages . 
  bokm\u00e5l is a rewritten form of danish while sidem\u00e5l is an aggregate of dialects ( mainly from the south and west , iirk ) . 
  roughly 20 % of the population uses sidem\u00e5l , while the rest of us use bokm\u00e5l . 
  also , our gun laws are n't * that * strict . 
  all you need to do to get a hand gun is becoming a member of a gun club and keeping for membership for like six months or something . 
  to get a rifle or shotgun , you need a hunter 's licence . 
  wage discrimination is illegal , and no serious employer does it . 
  there is , however , a wage gap between genders . 
  male dominant careers like metalworking or engineering is paid better than female dominant careers like cutting hair or nursing . 
  there are many reasons for this , supply and demant certainly being one , but it 's also speculated that it 's because women chose to work in the public sector more than men . 
  a lot of good advice in this tread . 
  you should definetly come here during summer , so july is great . 
  there is no guarantee about the weather , so it can be anything between 5 and 35 degrees , depending on where you are . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're more interested in the cities or nature , but you should consider getting a good quality tent if you want to stay here as cheap as possible . 
  you 're allowed to stay in public land for up to three days without relocating ( this just means moving the tent 50 meters ) . 
  when i say public land , think mountains , not parks . 
  this means that you could theoretically stay here for free . 
  if you want to stay closer to the cities , we even have some camp sites that are n't super expensive . 
  supermarket food is the cheapest way to go . 
  kiwi has a friday special where you get some kind of meat or fish for roughly 2 eur . 
  typically , it 's 150g of steak or 200g of salmon . 
  like most countries we have cheap ramen that 'll put you back 0,2-0 ,4 eur per pack . 
  like others have said , you could be lucky and find stores with expiring food , but at least in my experience , that 's so rare that i would n't trust it ( at least not outside the big cities ) . 
  the cheaper food chains are kiwi , rema 1000 and coop extra . 
  ( coop obs and spar might also have some good sales ) . 
  do n't expect to drink alcohol if you 're on a budget , as even the cheapest brand of beer is roughly 1-2 eur for a 0,33 l bottle in the supermarket . 
  transportation is going to be more difficult . 
  while hitchiking is n't as common as it was 20 years ago , it 's still possible . 
  this might help you in cities , but you might have a harder time getting to a glacier , fjord or mountain . 
  anywhere off the main roads , really . 
  promotional train tickets goes for 25 eur and is probably the cheapest way of traveling long distances . 
  most people coming here to see our nature either goes west or north . 
  even though eastern norway is far from ugly , you wo n't find something like lofoten or sognefjorden there . 
  as you probably know , we have a lot of mountains and fjords , and that means a lot of ferrys and boats . 
  you should consider planning a trip with as few trips over water as possible , as even short trips might cost 10-20 eur . 
  this varies a bit , so you should at least check the prices before you go . 
  i think you can still get bread for 10 kr ( 1,2 eur ) some places , but the normal price for a loaf of bread is around 20-35 kr ( 2,2-3 ,8 eur ) . 
  i do n't know how much butter costs , as margarine is more common for everyday use , but i ca n't imagine it costing more than 25 kr ( 2,5 eur ) for a normal sized tub . 
  according to a prize test from 2012 , salami costs 45 kr ( 6 eur ) for 185g . 
  stuff like butter and certain kinds of bread toppings are also available as store brands , and are much cheaper than the regular brands . 
  i think 150g of `` servelat '' ( a kind of sausage ) costs just under an euro if it 's store brand . 
  remember that norway is not a member of the eu , and is excempt free market rules regarding food . 
  this means that some things that might be considered everyday food in yor country , is considered fancy over here - and the other way around . 
  for instance will a small packet of bacon cost 35 kr and spare ribs costs like 80-100 kr for two strips , while the same part of the pig is sold for 40 kr a kg during the winter season when we all eat christmas ribs . 
  the problem looking at fancy coast lines instead of proper coast lines , is that i 've got no idea how to read this map . 
  as far as i can see , the southern part of artic norway in blue is tysfjord ( witch a red mayor ) , while the greater bod\u00f8 areas ( largest urban settlement in the north ) is red . 
  in bod\u00f8 municipality council , 19 of 39 representatives are blue , in a coalition with the centre that puts them in the majority . 
  fauske , the second largers municipality in the area , is controlled by a conservatice-labour coalition .
