  there was a football field between the primary - and secondary school and it was the primary schools domain . 
  the secondary schoolers were too busy dressing in hoodies , listening to rap and trying to get with the girls to care about football . 
  oddball was playing in every break and after school . 
  many , if not most of the boys , still played organized football , but we were carefull of not mixing it with school activity . 
  playing football made your clothes dirty and you smelly , and * then * what would the girls think ? 
  oddball wanted to become a professional footballer and he really did have a talent . 
  i 've played ( briefly ) football with one guy that turned pro ( premier league-pro , not norwegian tippeliga-pro ) and oddball was on the same level physicaly and techincaly . 
  he was fast , strong , did his job in defence and had an insane shot . 
  because of his talent , he developed a habit he just could n't shake and it stopped him from having a good career . 
  he just did n't respect that it was a team sport . 
  he felt ( and most of the time was right ) that he was so much better than everybody else , so he did n't pass the ball . 
  everytime he got the ball he did a run and tried to score , no matter that his team players were not surounded by the other team like himself . 
  at the time the norwegian high school system was designed in a way that you could chose between 15 different paths , and oddball chose athletic pre-university . 
  this was when we stopped having anything to do with each other . 
  he did his thing , i did my thing . 
  we went to the same school , but it had around 1000 pupils and i hardly had any classes in the area where he was . 
  high school is a game changer and you get to know people from all over town and even other municipalities . 
  we greeted when we saw each other , but we did n't speak anything more than plesantries . 
  he looked happy with his new crowd , and i was happy with mine . 
  in my original post , i told you that i was 16 or 17 . 
  that ca n't be correct . 
  i had to be either 18 or 19 , because it had to have been third year . 
  so now you know the backstory of how a friend of necessity when i was 12 suddenly rang my door 50 % of our lives later . 
  but you asked how he was today . 
  oddball is a handsome man and he got a lot of attention from the girls and probably still do , but he is even more aquard than me . 
  as far as i can tell from his facebook profile , he 's still single . 
  he never became a pro footballer , but got to play in norwegian third tier for a few years . 
  i do n't have the complete story about what he 's done in his 20 's , but he 's studied abroad and became a physical therapist and is employed not far from where we went to primary and secondary school . 
  we both live in the same town and i occationaly run into him , the last time being a few weeks ago . 
  i was in the park watching the euros on the big screen . 
  we have n't had much summer yet , so the place was packed as it was a rare  15c day . 
  he came up and asked how i was , i answered great and asked him back . 
  he did n't answer , but instead asked if the free space on the bench was in use . 
  i said that my mate sat there and he was getting the group a round of beer ( his jacket laid there , so someone obviously sat there ) . 
  oddbal just said ok , turned around and went back to looking . 
  he seemed happy enough , if maybe a bit lonely . 
  he 's probably changed a lot since when we knew each other , but it seems like he 's still not the easiest person to hold a conversation with . 
  i understand him quite well . 
  a team playing in candy cane uniforms should be given minimum amount of attention . 
  as a norwegian , i 'd like to know where in 13th century christian norway we ever had a water shortage . 
  some mountain town where there was still enough water to brew beer ? 
  maybe ? 
  sounds like an interesting theory . 
  but grain ca n't grow in most parts of the country , so i just wonder where this could be the case . 
  they were christian , had access to beer ( so they could either grow the ingredients , or had the logistics in order , but not for water ) . 
  just sounds kinda sketchy . 
  afaik only tr\u00f8nderlag and \u00d8stlandet was able to grow grain back then , and what kind of water is to dangerous to baptize with , but safe when presumably heated to a boil ? 
  in norway we learned british english . 
  you could choose american english , but that was at your own risk as it was n't covered in school . 
  i was on a football trip to england with some friends a few years ago and one of the games was everton - newcastle . 
  when everton was up 3-0 , the away fans started singing '' * you 're nothing special , we lose every week * '' or something like that . 
  the english fans were much better at fun songs than norwegian fans , but i do enjoy a local chant against the other big northern norwegian team . 
  * tramp , tramp , tramp p\u00e5 en gris . 
  * tramp , tramp , tramp p\u00e5 en polkagris *, 
  witch translates as :, 
  * stamp , stamp , stamp on a pig *, 
  * stamp , stamp . 
  stamp on a polka pig ( candycane ) *, 
  they would sing it while trampling candycanes , trying to make the pieces fly around . 
  troms\u00f8 il plays in red and white stripes . 
  i 've passed 30 and i love * die young * by kesha . 
  one of the few songs that ever made me want to dance . 
  i 've always hated dancing and i have no idea how to do it , but put on that song and no woman can keep up with me . 
  the song just makes me want to move . 
  it started as a link aggregator , but has turned into a soap box for many movements . 
  it used to be kinda geeky , but has become more angry during the last few years . 
  still has a better comment section than most , but the merging of subcultures/circklejerks is making friction . 
  ruled by collage age kids that are still contrarian and with little world experience . 
  they kinda did that in dragon age : origin . 
  during the final , or at least one of the final , battle you got everyone split into two or three teams . 
  it sucked for me , because i had picked my main squad early and had n't bothered finding gear etc for the other ones . 
  while i do n't know much about music , and i 've long forgotten how to read notes , the beginning kinda reminds me of a sped up version mozart 's piano concerto 23 , k 448 . 
  it 's probably not the same song , but i just tought i 'd post it . 
  takk for fors\u00f8ket . 
  i 'm a bit late to the party , but seriously . 
  while the rest of england was buying cl proven norwegian players from rosenborg , you bought our striker . 
  how did that turn out ? 
  ( why , oh , why did you weaken our team that much ? 
  i apparently live in an orange area , but i 've never heard anyone saying * potetes * or any variation of it . 
  i 've never heard of anyone from western lofoten saying kartoffel either . 
  could the sources be really old , or something ? 
  if it 's a tropical island with trees and wildlife , i 'd only need four things that rhyme . 
  a scarlet johanson that finds me handsome in a mcmansion with room for expantion . 
  i do n't have one , but if i have understood it correctly , the `` new '' version fixes an issiue with the 3d mode , so you no longer have to have the screen at a `` sweet spot '' to make the 3d look right . 
  in my country , you can get one used for around 120 usd or new for 200 usd . 
  mack arctic , or most beer by mack for that matter . 
  it 's a rather large norwegian brewery that makes among other things a competitor for standard lagers . 
  like most lager for the masses , the beer does n't taste much , but mack has a metallic and almost sour taste . 
  it has tones of warm tuborg , draugth beer from a dirty tap and blood . 
  apparently , the unique taste comes from their yeast cultures . 
  in norway every region has it 's own beer , and most of it is just bland but completely decent , but mack is completely polarizing . 
  my friend that is educated as a chef does n't eat cheese . 
  or to put it in his words ; he does n't eat fermented milk . 
  while i 'm not even close to liking fancy or aged cheese , my friend is in another league . 
  he does n't like it at all . 
  and i 'm not talking about blue cheese either . 
  we 're talking about norwegian white cheese that makes cheddar taste like something expensive , fancy and rich . 
  even jarlsberg is considered in another tier than the white cheese i 'm talking about . 
  the only way he eats cheese is if he gets the mildest of the mildest and makes a grilled sandwich with everything . 
  he does n't even like sour cream .
