  i know that my county has a shortage of mid-level workers but electronics are one of the few exceptions . 
  i 'm from a county with a lower average education than the country , so if i would speculate , i 'd guess that there is even higher demand for mid-skill workers in better educated areas . 
  i think you 're right . 
  but there are some differences in certain professions . 
  for instance , you ca n't be a nurse in finland with a norwegian bachelors degree , because the finns use a 4-year program . 
  after / r/morbidreality won a prize for having the best comment section of the year or something , the comment section took a turn for the worse because of all the new subscribers . 
  the point of the subreddit is to highlight all the crazy and twisted stuff we humans are capable of doing . 
  the comments used to be discussions on the mentallity of the people doing this stuff and speculations on their twisted reasoning . 
  that slowly turned into jugdement ( it 's kind of implied that btk was a bad person , you * are * on / r/morbidreality after all . 
  no reason to point out that you hate the man ) , and when people started posting too many jokes and stuff for the mods to enforce the rules properly , the signal to noise ratio became too low and i unsubscribed . 
  did you ask them to change seats ? 
  seems like they could look over your child with no problem . 
  yes they do , and sometimes it 's even cheaper than cow . 
  i 've never tasted store-bought whale meat , so i have no idea how it tastes , but premium whale meat marinated in olive oil with salt and pepper tastes like a pepper steak . 
  remember that our whale harvesting is sustainable and we only hunt non-endangerous species . 
  you wo n't get blue whale . 
  i forgot to thank you . 
  so , thank you !, 
  for me , this was a major learning experience , which continued when i was asked to head up hr after we had gone live with the new company . 
  neverwinter nights 2 because i wanted to play a d&d rpg while i was waiting on dragon age 3 . 
  when da came out i forgot about nwn2 untill i was finished with the witcher 3 . 
  there is a particular pub quiz in my town that i 've been attending for a while now , and i 've asked myself a similar question . 
  age is definetly a factor , but what you 're seeing on tv are the best of the best of the people that actively memorizes trivia . 
  in the quiz i do , there are people that spend hours beforehand analyzing current events or construct teams with broad knowledge . 
  i 'm in my late 20 's and the rest of my team is also in their 20 's , but it feels like we 're sitting at the kids table . 
  the only team with `` young '' people that scores decently consists of people with a minimum of a bachelor 's degree in history or political science . 
  a bit local , but here in norway , you 'd see premier league on public broadcasting , tippeligaen on a commercial channel you 'd get with a normal antenna and both serie a and champions league on basic cable . 
  i quit a few years ago , and in my departement they started to demand that you were at least 18 during my last few years there . 
  [ kent - ff ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7jgiz81vmy ) has always been my driving-110-kmh-trough-northern-sweden-in-the-winter-song . 
  fun fact : the reason there are bell peppers on grandiosa is because bell peppers were introduced on the norwegian market only a few years before , so the producers tried to commercialize on this new bell pepper fad, 
  when i was younger and started experimenting with all sorts of new beers , i loved exiting new beers of almost any kind and nothing was better than tasting something completely different . 
  my group of friends would do tastings and talking about stuff we clearly knew nothing about . 
  it was a great time and after a while i developed a taste for a large range of different beers . 
  a decade later , that wide taste has become smaller and smaller . 
  i 'm now at a point where i prefer generic lagers almost exclusively . 
  that is , only * certain * generic lagers . 
  most beers taste way to bitter for me now , and even belgian trappists , a long lasting favourite of mine , does n't taste that good anymore . 
  i was an exchange student in high school , and i recently learned that one of the kids in my host family is not only convicted of his second manslaughter , but has broken parole for the third time , and is now serving for six years . 
  it 's more than a decade since i was an exchange student and i kept in touch with some of my friends from back then . 
  they man in question was definitely one of my closest friends that year , but he just sort of disappeared . 
  during my last few months there , he started experimenting with drugs and his personality changed . 
  when i asked the people i 'm still in touch with what happened to him , they all say he started doing heavy drugs and that no one had any contact with him . 
  googled his name and home town three days ago , and that 's when i found the news articles . 
  there was recently some changes in how we treat cancer in norway . 
  you can read about it here : https://helsedirektoratet.no/kreft/pakkeforlop-for-kreft, 
  but i do n't know if it helps your mother . 
  thanks to social media people can now get their entire lives ruined by saying stupid stuff just once . 
  det var en form for prosessert potetgull som kom i r\u00f8r . 
  oh , sorry if i was being unclear . 
  the network as a whole has almost come to a full stop , and according to speedtest.net i 'm getting a little bit less than 1 mbps download speed when connected to the wifi . 
  when i did the test , i only had one device connected to the network and it was only running chrome . 
  i 've experienced a slow connection on every device i 've connected to the network recently , so i 've experienced it on win7 , win10 , vista , ios8 , ios9 and whatever apple tv is using ,, 
  thanks !, 
  i never tought about testing internal speeds like that before . 
  i can acces modem settings ? 
  i did not know that . 
  i only tought it was a `` dumb '' box , as it has no info like my router . 
  i did the tests on a laptop with win7 . 
  i have a surface with win10 , but that 's more or less just my football manager machine , and i do n't think the surface has that type of connection . 
  i like the part about workers being able to `` outcompete their previous employers with almost no effort '' from home . 
  i believe some people on this website think the entire global economy consists of people creating digital products . 
  also , what he is describing is a form of coop , and those generaly does n't work on a larger scale without the dreaded middle-management . 
  alcohol is n't allowed on stadiums in norway , either . 
  it 's something about matches being a family event , plus alcohol and athletisism is n't mixable , or something . 
  you can , however , get a lukewarm coke for around # 5 . 
  they even pour it from 500ml bottles to one of those fast-food cups for you , so you 're guaranteed absolutely no fizz whatsoever . 
  when i was a student , we learned that 67 is a magical number in marketing . 
  when something costs 67 , people mentally consider it in a higher price range than if the product costs 66 . 
  66 is the highest price you can set for a product and it 's still considered `` a bit more than 50 '' , while 67 is considered `` almost 70 '' . 
  do n't know if it 's true in countries like the us or euro-zone , since their currency is considerably more expensive than the krone we use , but i think it 's kind of interesting . 
  if you 're really lucky , you can get a 200 kr train ticket , but that 's a 24 hour journey from oslo to bod\u00f8 . 
  chances are that you 'd spend so much on on really expensive train food , that you 'll be better off flying . 
  both sas and norwegian fly to bod\u00f8 , so tickets are n't as expencive as they 'd be if you were flying to the smaller northern airports . 
  if you 're really lucky , you 'd might even get a good price on a ticket from bod\u00f8 to leknes or svolv\u00e6r . 
  if not , you can take the nex boat from bod\u00f8 to svolv\u00e6r for a few hundred kroner . 
  i ca n't see any reason for buying an interrail ticket if you 're just going to lofoten . 
  a really expensive train ticket might set you back 5-800 kr and you 'd only get as far as bod\u00f8 . 
  in that price range , you might even get cheaper plane tickets . 
  the infrastruckture in lofoten itself is quite good , and there are busses going at least once a day that should help you get around . 
  the e10 is built all the way to \u00c5 , so you should n't have to take boats anywhere as long as you 're staying on `` the main path '' . 
  imo , svolv\u00e6r is the easiest way to start out in lofoten . 
  the town is roughly the same size as leknes/gravdal , but is n't as spread out and ( at least when standing in the main square ) feels more city-like . 
  there are lots of small b&b s all over , and since you 're coming off season , you 'd might be able to get some good deals . 
  i 'm not sure if airbnb is big over here , so you should also check out couchsurfing.com . 
  you can also try camping , but that 's a gamble because of the weather . 
  some camping sites also have small huts that you can rent if you think b&b s or hotels are to expensive , but most camping sites are less central so then you have to factor in more traveling expences . 
  i 'm not sure about lofoten , but in bod\u00f8 you can get period tickets for the buss and even if they do n't offer it in lofoten , you get a 25 % discount if you buy a buss card . 
  177nordland . no can inform you better than be . 
  we have this law in norway that let you stay on public land for up to three days before you have to move your tent . 
  when i say public land , think forests and not city parks or graveyards . 
  this summer there was a problem with tourists camping in graveyards up there , so the locals are probably vigilantly enforcing the law to the letter . 
  it might not be easy to know if you 're on public land or private property , so if you can , just ask around . 
  as for the climate the average temperature in svolv\u00e6r is between -3 and 2 degrees celcius in april and may , according to yr.no . 
  that does n't mean you should expect snow , as it could easily be ice cream weather some days , but remember that lofoten is quite far north of the arctic circle . 
  in bod\u00f8 , mars and april are the snow melting months , while it might be warm enough for a pint of beer outdoors in may if we 're lucky , and lofoten is further north than bod\u00f8 . 
  lofoten is relatively densely populated for northern norway , with lots of small towns , so shopping should n't be a problem . 
  again , leknes/gravdal and svolv\u00e6r has the best selection . 
  i 'm not sure if they have coop obs or eurospar up there , but those are the chains that are most likely to have some kind of offer or campaign going . 
  rema and kiwi are the cheapest chains , but they tend to have more fixed pricing . 
  remember that this is norway , so even a 0,5 l of coke will set you back about two euro , or even 3-4 euro if you buy it at a kiosk or gas station .
