  the swedes gave us much more autonomy , something that enforced our focus on rights . 
  when we became independent , our economy started to grow and things started to look better . 
  in 1940 , the germans invaded us and started a new regime of repression and destruction . 
  we were neutral during ww1 , and this was the first we had seen of the horrors of war in generations . 
  after the war , we had a unified parliament led by the left wing of the labour party that focused on rebuilding the country . 
  this made the population unified by our `` mission '' . 
  together with a newfound distaste of extreme right wing politics ( still to this day , our `` right '' consists of the moderate party and the populist not-really-right-wing party ) . 
  all of this gave us a lagre political influence from the left , and we had a large focus on equality , minor religious influence and all that jazz . 
  together with the oil we found in the 70 's , this led to a very stable nation . 
  fast forward to the late 70 's , and we 're in a situation where left have controlled the country for a long time , and norway was starting to look more and more old fashioned and government controlled . 
  people wanted more freedom and less bureocracy , and the right came to power . 
  they removed the monopoly on tv-stations , made it legal for businesses to be open after 17:00 and many other things . 
  this boost in personal freedom made us more open for change , and that makes us look `` progressive '', 
  the fight for freedom goes from left to right , instead of right to left like they do everywhere else . 
  because of our history , typical leftist causes have been in effect for many decades making the country look progresive . 
  at the same time , we lack many personal liberties taken for granted in other countries . 
  i 've read most of the comments branching from this comment , and i think i have some insight regarding some of the discussions . 
  ( for my pop-psychological theory about the * mindset * of norwegian policies , see my other comment in this thread . ), 
  post-war norway can be divided in two eras - the rebuilding of a country ( 1945-1980 ) and modern norway ( 1980-today ) . 
  the labour party had a lot to say during the rebuilding period , and began investing huge amounts of money on infrastructure , heavy industry and hydro-electric power , funded by the marshall plan and loans . 
  this was arctypical keynesian thinking , and gave the country an economical backbone . 
  norway was still a poor country with a low educational average , but most of us had jobs . 
  our economy had taken some pointers from the soviet planned economy , but was much more market oriented than today 's china . 
  the next step , was to start increasing the educational average and develop a basic social security net to take care of the old , disabeled and unemployed . 
  the thought was that as many people as possible should rise from poverty into the working class , and that `` surpluss wealth '' from the middle and upper class should help with this . 
  in 1967 ( i think ) , we found oil and descided to nationalize it through the company that today is statoil . 
  it was still legal for foregin companies to dril for oil in our waters , because the main income came from taxation and not statoil 's profits . 
  when the oil industry started to develop , we already had nationalized health care and social security . 
  granted , the salary of many professions were dictaded from the state and it was illegal to start private enterprises in many fields , but the thought was that everyone should be provided basic services from the state before the marked should start to regulate prices . 
  in the late 70 's and 80 's , the rebuiling era was over and we started to become less government controlled and more progressive . 
  the working class had become the middle class , but being upper-middle class was considered rich and no one was really rich-rich . 
  the left had long traditions with the unions and rising feminist causes fittet in their `` including '' profile , and at the same time the right had gone from pre-war era conservatism to have a larger focus on personal rights for everyone . 
  this led to both sides fighting for women 's rights , and the right-led goverments of the 80 's made it legal to start local radio stations , have private healtcare options , made it legal for shops to be open after 17:00 and legalized skateboarding . 
  that made us look more like a normal country , but still to this day we have a large public sector and many ( imho ) unnecessary regulations in place . 
  ** tl : dr ** social security is older than oil . 
  what the us consider progressive policies are old policies over here . 
  progressive in today 's norway would be to allow the sale of wine in shops or legalize playing poker with friends . 
  i 'm not a historian , so i might have gotten a few things off . 
  you 're absolutely right , the conservative party had a lot to do with the rebuilding . 
  the reason i said that the coalition was labour led is because of the systematic keynesianism we followed , along with the nationalization and hands-on approach by the government . 
  that was * not * conservative politics . 
  the rebuilding was not exclusively caused by the labours , as they like to believe , and the conservatives got some of their politics through . 
  just look at what kyllingmark did for the communications sector or how simple the byreacracy was towards small business after the war compared to the 60s/70s - today . 
  but if there was one party 's policies that shaped the nation more than any other , it would be the labours . 
  norwegian trains are n't that confortable and the trip is long . 
  the money you save on traveling by train , you 'll use on buying ridicolusly expensive food on the train . 
  the cheapest tickets are 199 kr for train , but you can get plain tickets for 3-400 kr . 
  also , either sas or norwegian is starting to fly manchester - br\u00f8nn\u00f8ysund , and that make the trip shorter , 
  bod\u00f8 is n't the most interesting of places . 
  it 's a commercial and administrative centre with few places of interest . 
  you should visit the saltstraumen whirlpool and go sea-rafting ( if they 're open during winter ) . 
  if you 're comming all the way to bod\u00f8 , you should go the extra mile and visit the lofoten islands . 
  you can either take the ferry or fly there from bod\u00f8 . 
  flights from bod\u00f8 to the smaller towns in the region are quite cheap . 
  if you 're really lucky , you get to see the aurora borealis , and proposing on r\u00f8nvikfjellet mountain in bod\u00f8 under the northern lights sounds romantic . 
  a nice park , mjelde beach , t\u00e5rnvika brygge and the seaside promenade are other options . 
  the university library is another option , because of the great view . 
  if you 're looking for stuff to do in bod\u00f8 , go to www.visitnorway.no , google `` bod\u00f8 i vinden '' or pm me . 
  good luck !, 
  the fact that this is a picture of a screen , indicating it being played on a gaming system , and not a screengrab , indicating it being played on an emulator , makes me happy . 
  reddit penalizes trolling through upvotes and downvotes . 
  if a comment is in bad taste , it usually gets downvoted , and in my opinion , this system works . 
  if you want to see the commenters karma , you can use [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) . 
  if you 're not happy with the content on different subreddits , try finding smaller and more content-avare alternatives . 
  that video has made me start to doubt the existence of the bundesliga . 
  such a smooth finish never happens in real life , so this has to be a promo for fifa 2020 . 
  nice try , time traveller . 
  interesting consept . 
  but the * third man factor * deals with hardship and stressfull situations . 
  the hardest thing on this trip was carrying the beer for five minutes from the parking lot . 
  well , the [ nokia 3310 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nokia_3310 ) was available 12 years ago , and i do n't remeber using 15 minutes to type a message . 
  more like 2 or 3 , actually . 
  in norway , one text costed about 1 nok ( 0.16 usd ) at that time and was n't considered too expensive . 
  it looks like the original poster is from the uk , and europe adopted texting much earlier than the us . 
  for instance , i used to text my friends in 1998 when i was 12 and had my first phone . 
  the beer was in glass bottles and the path to the cabin was full of snow and ice . 
  you might be on to something , there . 
  a taco a day keeps death at bay ? 
  could you maybe name the genre or some lyrics ? 
  looking at the rifle , he might me norwegian . 
  the [ old standard issiue rifle ] ( http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/fil:automatic_rifle_ag-3_left.jpg ) looks exactly like it . 
  this is a question without an answer , just like trying to define what a hardcore movie buff is . 
  the term hardcore is thrown a lot around in the gaming scene , and it means different things to different people . 
  i know i 'm prone to ageism , but it seems to me that there are three main classes of hardcore :, 
  * the 14 year olds that are hardcore because they spend an ungodly amount of time on games , making them quite good in many genres of games . 
  ( some of them yell at you on xbox live ), 
  * the people that have n't gotten over that playing games is not a subculture , but a widely used form of recreation becoming more and more popular during the last 5-10 years . 
  ( these people tend to divide everything into causual or hardcore gaming , with little or no middleground ), 
  * the ( imho ) true hardcore ( professional is a better word ) gamers that actally make money doing their hobby . 
  i 'm not saying that any of these definitions are correct , but then again i 'm not fond of the word `` hardcore '' , because gaming is one of the few hobbies where it 's used . 
  yes i believe so . 
  norwegian oil production has the lowest co2 emissions in the world ( at least according to sintef/olf ) , and enviromental concerns are very important factor in the consensions they get . 
  i remember . 
  with jancko tianno or something , because they did n't have real names yet . 
  and you could score from the midfield area , or something like that . 
  good times . 
  * i want to believe *, 
  a lot of good suggestions here . 
  i second, 
  * trolljegeren ( action adventure/fantasy ),
