  yeah , he 's done her . 
  * he had basketball cards and soccer cards signed in person by michael jordan and ruud gullit themselves . 
  sadly , they were always somewhere else , so he could n't show us them . 
  * he regulary got into bars because he was doing the staff . 
  at the age of 19 he actually got called into the army to serve his conscription . 
  after serving his year , it was a completely new man that came back . 
  i 'm not sure what they did to him ( but i guess he got some kind of medication ) and now he has a job , a stable relationship and a kid . 
  done and done . 
  your definition of inflation is spot-on , but i do n't agree that growth is n't influencing inflation . 
  a typical result of an expanding economy is more disposable income ( either direct or through trickle-down ) and this gives a higher buying power . 
  while you are correct that the government * could * set inflation at zero , this would mean that they had to enforce price controll and then losing a macroeconomic tool to regulate the economy , so i rejected that road because it 's just not realistic economic policy . 
  iirc , the result would be a much more fluctuating interest rate , giving the finance market a much more unstable founding for new projects . 
  again , if i recall correctly , a zero-inflation policy was in place at least in the us during parts of the 50 's to 70 's , but they desided this was n't a good approach . 
  when the buying power increases , the threshold for buying certain goods lowers , and there are more people willing to pay more than previously . 
  ( microeconomic supply and demand . ), 
  when business sees that price is a smaller factor for the goods they sell , they are more willing to increase their own prices , thus creating inflation . 
  to simplify a bit , let 's say that we 're in a world with two goods . 
  when the business from good a is starting exporting the goods , pumping more money in the economy , the people working in the a-sector has more money . 
  at first it might only be the stock owners having more , but after a while , that money spreads through the system . 
  now the workers want higher wages because business is going great . 
  because the businesses have more profit , they agree because they want to keep their workers from going to other good a producers . 
  when all the good a people have more money , the price sensitivity for goof b also becomes lower and the reaction happens in the b market as well . 
  so now , there are more money in the economy , but because everyone has more money and care less about prices , businesses start to increase their prices and what we 're facing is inflation . 
  sources : frederic mishkin : economics of money , banking , and financial markets ( 9th global edition ), 
  robert h. frank : microeconomics and behavior ( 6th edition ), 
  the thread has more than 40 000 upvotes . 
  is there a way to see a list of the most upvoted ( and not the balanced scores of ) threads on all of reddit ? 
  you make some interesting points , but i have some points that i 'm not quite sure what you mean by :, 
  how can the finance industry increase the money supply on a scale where it 's just inside the same industry ? 
  real increases of the money base created by finance are through value added when new businesses start up - the main reason for having a financial industry is being a lubricant or rally point for savers/lenders and users/borrowers . 
  any increased activity at the core of the financial industry will create more loans for new start-ups and similar . 
  there are some financial products that only work inside the real om finance , but they are only a small part of the financial industry . 
  when the economy expands , it 's natural that resource consumption increases , but i have problems seing real-world examples where an economy expands to a point where inflation is irrelevant because of higher expences . 
  in fact , at first glanse , i 'd think this was an inflation driver . 
  do you have any examples ? 
  regarding your last point , that is per definition inflation , is it not ? 
   we have to be careful not to confuse `` money supply '' with the idea of real world useable resources . 
  a business can potentially expand the real world useable output of goods . 
  the banks through their processes , the two primary of which are loans on interest and fractional reserve systems , expand the money supply , without producing any additional useable resources . 
  i think you mean the money base but i agree with you on the first paragraph . 
  the base is the m ( x ) - classified `` real '' ( or at least real-ish ) money . 
  the supply is only what 's available from a borrowes point of view . 
  still , they could be inflation drivers because the economy grows , as i claimed in my first point . 
   what about the derivatives market ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow you on derivaties ? 
  many companies outside the purely financial sector use derivative products for securities and increasing stability , and it 's far from a closed circuit system of economic growth . 
  they affect the rest of the business world , and if they result in increased imports or higher velocity they are inflation drivers . 
   i 'm not sure i follow this point . 
  you said , that * when the economy expands , it 's natural that resource consumption increases * . 
  would n't that be an increased factor for inflation given the shift in the supply-demand relationship ? 
  any change in demand are price drivers , and this would affect inflation . 
   well , this goes to my primary point , that perhaps inflation is not an esoteric phenomena of the economy , but a specific causal outcome of actual entities real decisions , i.e. 
  the banks decide to have more money , so they make ( create ) more money , and this gives us inflation . 
  yes , i agree completely !, 
  we might just have misunderstood each other then . 
  my claim was that growth was an inflation driving factor , not that this growth could n't happen by risky investments by the finance sector . 
  fractial reserve banking is a good example of this . 
  the frames for the bueiness model are made by the government , and they create ( risky-ish ) value by following these rules , and there are no doubts that this system expands both the velocity and the supply of money in a way that is an inflation driver . 
  i have some of the same issiues you 're having . 
  for me , it 's other people eating nuts ( for some reason crisps are ok ) and brushing their teeth . 
  if you 're like me , and the rage only exists when people are doing these things , i know how you feel . 
  i still have n't found any way to cope with this , but my layman 's speculation is that is has something to do with sound ( for me atleast ) . 
  you could go to / r/asksocialscience and ask the psychologists there if they 're familiar with this . 
  and its * ekorn * in norwegian . 
  true . 
  i 'm tired , but it 's fixed now . 
  [ the golden age of video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfm140rju4k ) does n't seem to be too well known , so you might not know about it . 
  i think it should be something along the line of what your after . 
  it 's in krakow , poland . 
  a mate of mine sent me a picture from the same room a few months ago . 
  seriously ? 
  no one has recommended the biggest norwegian film of all time ? 
  you should watch fl\u00e5klypa grand prix from 1975 . 
  the movie is so lagre it 's part of our history . 
  it 's an animated film with a bit of typical non-central eastern norwegian accents , so the dialouge should n't be too far from written norwegian . 
  this is a good answer . 
  just imagine what would happen if nuclear weapons was a part of the `` game '' , and not just conventional weapons . 
  i 'm no expert in millitairy tactics , but i would guess that the reason the russians made the foab a few years ago was to show that they could really do some damage without adding nukes to the war . 
  but regarding some of the `` smaller '' rules of war : they were , are and will be broken . 
  iirk , you ca n't use armour-piercing bullets against enemy soliders , but if someone is shoting at you , you 're not going to change the magazine just because you 're gon na make someone 's spine fly out with the bullets you got in the gun at the moment . 
  thanks for a really good answer , and i 'm sorry for not answering you before now . 
  i understand that you actually need to provide more nok to the foregin market to prevent deflation , and that this might be hard to do . 
  but could n't norges bank for instance just buy foregin currency like a mad man ? 
  we 're talking about a quite strong small currency , so the effects should n't be problematic for a massice currency like the eur or gbp . 
  there has been talk about getting german companies to build our roads , so that massive government spending would n't affect the economy , because a lagre amount of government spending could affect the gdp ( and through that inflation ) , so would n't a heated situation in the nok-using world cause inflation ? 
  just to point it out - i 'm not sure on how well you know the nok - but at least as long as i 've lived , the usd has been roughly 7,5 nok on a dollar . 
  when it dropped to 5 nok it was because of the financial crisis , so i just consider the rising usd price as an adjustment . 
  for eksempel :, 
  * confidence is only gained by going outside your comfort zone and trying . 
  if you 're shy , that 's ok , but at least try so you get more comfortable around your prefered gender if you 're having troubles with dating . 
  * rejected ? 
  no problem , there are many more fish in the sea . 
  the trick is to keep on moving and trying someone new . 
  even if it feels like she was the perfect woman , the next one or the one after that will as well , after a while . 
  * the clothes does n't make the person , but if you dress extremely different , be prepared to be treated different . 
  * talk to new people . 
  this is especcialy important in the beginning . 
  it can be painfuly hard if you have confidence problems , but it 's better to get it out of the way rather than feeling isolated . 
  * if you have them , join some clubs or organized activites . 
  not only for meeting new people , but for gaining new experiences and collecting new hobbies .
