  there are probably hundreds of examples on both successfull and failed tries at using keynes train of tought . 
  xtz earphone 12, 
  how far can i get in three weeks ? 
  that depends on your route . 
  you can easily drive from oslo to bod\u00f8 in two days and then take the ferry to lofoten , but you 'll be driving on norwegian roads . 
  they 're not too good , particulary in the north , and the government is heavily investing in the e6 so expect a lot of construction work around helgeland . 
  the saltfjellet mountain might make you drive a convoy if the weather is bad . 
  if your goal is lofoten , a safer , faster and easier route might be to drive through sweden to narvik and then west on the e10 . 
  the e4 will take you to the swedish east coast , but you 'll be driving 110 km/h instead of averaging 50-80 on the norwegian e6 . 
  swedish roads are better and plowed more often than the norwegian roads . 
  afaik , the e10 ( road from narvik to loften ) is n't the best road , but since it 's the road that goes through lofoten , you can take the time you need . 
  be warned that sweden is colder , and it can get way below -20 degrees . 
  if you choose this route , whatever you do , do not cross the border close to bod\u00d8 on the rv 77 !, 
  it could kill you !, 
  every year , even in summer , we get news of stranded truck drivers , burning cars and all kinds of accidents on that road . 
  the critical area is a short stretch of road , but you 'll litterary be driving on the side of a cliff on a sheet of ice with almost no road barriers . 
  i 've lost controll of my car going 30 km/h on that road in winter , and i would not drive a van on that road even in summer . 
  what can i do in winter ? 
  winter tourism is getting bigger and there are more activities now than , say , 5 years ago . 
  there is no guarantee on the norther lights , but in three weeks you should at least get a glimpse . 
  chek out http://www.lofoten.info/en or http://www.nordnorge.com/en, 
  do you think it will get below -20 ? 
  honestly ? 
  who knows . 
  -20 is n't something we experience every winter , particulary at the coast , but you could get unlucky and arrive on a winter where it 's that cold . 
  is blahblahcar popular in norway ? 
  never heard of it . 
  where should i go ? 
  is there any place or route you 'd recommend i see ? 
  i think you should consider what kind of vacation you want . 
  is it to see the fjords , fishing villages and northern lights ? 
  then get to the north as fast as you can.driving trough norway is a summer activity . 
  western norway could also be an option , and they have some glorious fjords and would be a shorter trip than the north , but i think they might ( i 'm not sure , though ) focus more on cruise tourism . 
  what should i take ? 
  as everyone else said ; studded winter tires . 
  you 're not driving on perfect winter conditions like the alps . 
  we do n't kow if it 's gon na be +5 degrees or -10 degrees when you 're here . 
  the typical is a large fluctuation , so the snow melts and turnes to a coat of ice . 
  or the rain gets superchilled , so it 's raining , but when the water hits the ground it freezes , so you 're driving on wet ice . 
  you can import 1l of spirits , 1,5 l of wine , 2l of beer/cider and 250g of tobacco tax free . 
  if you skipp the tobacco , you can bring more alcohol . 
  that kind of stuff is expensive here . 
  if you drive thorugh sweden , buy your foodstuff there for ~ 20-40 % cheaper than norway . 
  probably even cheaper on the continent . 
  bring proper clothes . 
  you should wear many small lairs instead of a few big ones if you plan on hiking/being outdoors . 
  canada goose is for city people going from point a to point b , not for outdoorsy people . 
  norway is an expensive country that makes london seem cheap . 
  a beer at the pub is easly 8-10 punds , while they cost 2-3 punds at the shop . 
  plan accordingly . 
  anyone want to come ? 
  i 'd love to in a normal year , but i 'm working retail at the moment , so i know i 'll be grumpy and tired on my few days off and would rather spend them relaxing alone . 
  music . 
  i always said to my self that i 'd stay `` in the know '' of popular music and actively chase new tunes . 
  i 've added around 20-30 songs on my playlist in the last five years . 
  music was perfected around 2005 when i still was in my teens . 
  i 'm in my early 30 's . 
  i still subscribe to r/games , r/truegaming and a few more . 
  with the exception of a few n64 magazines in the late 90 's , i 've never really followed gaming news . 
  i hanged a bit on / v / during college , but i rarely visit 4chan at all these days . 
  i discovered ign sometime in the last ten years , and i use them and metacritic to find new games . 
  i know what i like , so i sort the best rated games of those genres for whatever platform i 'm looking for . 
  i rented a lot of movies in my teens , and my mental point of value is still tied to that prize . 
  let 's say i paid 5 usd for a movie , then i expect to pay 2.50 usd for one hours worth of entertainment . 
  a new game is 65 uds , so it should have around 25 hours for me to feel that i get my money 's worth . 
  still , i rarely do blind buys . 
  if a game * feels * right , then i might spontaniously buy it , but i usually do a bit of research beforehand . 
  i got burned buying zelda skyward sword , so after that i became more careful . 
  i bought mafia iii and world of final fantasy recently and loved them . 
  the latter was actually an impulse buy , the former was after watching a bit of gameplay . 
  i prefer rpgs and the odd open world game , and unlike a lot of people here , i actually dislike short games . 
  portal 2 felt like a tease , for instance . 
  i enjoy games like the witcher , with a world that feels alive and that gives me a lot of gameplay . 
  i think , why go to the trouble of learning a game 's mechanics if i 'm only gon na spend a few weeks playing it . 
  i lost a bit of interest in gaming during my late teens and early 20 's , but came back because of the wii . 
  that led to a 360 and that led to a ps4 . 
  my main reason for coming back is that games are so much more accecible these days . 
  almost every game can be picked up and then the game explains the mechanics . 
  most of the games i play have difficutly settings , so i can play on easy if i get stuck somewhere . 
  my gaming habits have changed as well . 
  i no longer game on a daily or even weekly basis . 
  i 'm a spree gamer , and i 'm more than a month in a spree , mixing between fifa , mafia iii and land of final fantasy . 
  when i 'm on a spree , friday night is my shut-in day , where i spend the evening by myself , drink beer and play video games . 
  yes , i 'm single . 
  these sprees happens maybe once every one or two years . 
  the most interesting change in my gaming habbits is that i tolerate less crap from my games . 
  they have a short time to hook me in , and if they do n't do that in the very first evening , then it 's not being picked up again . 
  i gave dragon age inquisiton , final fantasy 13 and skyrim extended time , but i regret sinking time in those games . 
  my first time in berlin , i was amazed by the whole feel of the place . 
  it still had some of that post-wall artsy hipsteresque feel to it . 
  i remember going to a bar that looked like a beach bar , sand and torches included , in the middle of town . 
  i celebrated new year 's eve there a few years ago , and both the christmass markets and the million people in unter der linden was amazing . 
  the most surprising thing was the total lack of alternatives to the hofbra\u00fchaus in downtown munich . 
  there was a lot of dodgy places in the area surrounding the train station , but the area around marienplatz was almost completely dead . 
  i hope it 's ok that i do a mini rant , piggybacking on your comment , as i tought i was the only one giving the game an ok minus . 
  i 'm in roughly the same boat as you . 
  i * love * the consept of the game , the mechanics and everything , but the scenery in the game is just so gray and dull . 
  i bought it in 2011 and played around 50 hours , and i 've even bought it again a few days ago to play the remastered version . 
  i tought the better graphics might make me enjoy the game , a game i know i * should * like , but only after doing the intro it still feels so ugly . 
  the snow storms , gray mountains , brown-ish grass and gray stone houses are just so depressing and far from the settings i like in rpgs .
