  the thing about uin is that the school is extremely faculty-oriented , and most efforts are being put in to bio/aqua and the business school , while the social sciences and professions studies are nothing special . 
  i get the impression that bio/aqua and business are priority fields while the rest is just to broaden the appeal or new stuff . 
  there are some other decent biology-based studies in norway , and if you 're not interested in marine biology there is really no major advantage with uin , if we 're talking stricktly academics . 
  if i 've understood the situation correctly , uib and uin have the best biology-programmes in norway given their competance on specialized fields , while uit and uio ( i think ) have strengt in their broader programmes . 
  ** about the university of nordland **, 
  the university as a whole has about 6000 students and business is the largest faculty with about 1000 students in a bachelor 's or master 's programme . 
  every year there is between 140 and 170 nationalities at the school , where about half of the internationals are either russian or chinese . 
  there is an office for international students and they have a great system for greeting new students and helping you get a social network . 
  bod\u00f8 is n't the greatest of cities for students , mostly because the town with it 's 50 000 is substantially smaller than the other university-cities , but there are two major selling points : a housing guarantee for students ( as in , if you accept the place at uin at first draft you get offered an apartment to rent ) and one of the contries more developed areas for out door activities . 
  ( you can do mountain climbing , hiking and sky-diving litteraly a 15 minutes bike ride from the city centre ), 
  other than that , bod\u00f8 is your run-of-the mill mid-sized norwegian town . 
  i 'm doing my master 's in business at uin , and i 've heard what you 're saying from a few others doing social studies as well . 
  it seems like there is a problem with many of the programmes at the faculty of social sciences , because i 've never heard anyone complaining about the other three faculties . 
  in the graduate school of business i 've never heard of anyone complaining about anything reagrding the education , and even met a few people that came here from bi because they wanted a more serious education . 
  to be honest , i do n't agree with a lot of the things being said in this tread . 
  first off , the rules for becoming a university in norway is basically that you have to offer at least four different doctor 's degree programmes that need to be approved by [ the agency for quality assurance in education ] ( http://www.nokut.no/en/ ) . 
  further , i think people have been translating * h\u00f8gskole * wrong . 
  it is not the same as a community college , [ but is more similar to the uk term university college ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h%c3%b6gskola ) . 
  the quality is the same , but a * h\u00f8gskole * is smaller than a university and with a more narrow scope . 
  in the classical norwegian sense , a university had to offer programmes in law , medicine , sivil engineering and a few other fields that the * h\u00f8gskole * s were n't allowed to teach . 
  if you look at the history of most instituions for higher education in norway , you 'd see that except uio , uib and ntnu most are founded after ww2 . 
  ( uit was * declared * an university because they wanted one in the north , not because it had evolved to become one . 
  now it 's great , though ) . 
  if you 're looking to study in norway , i recommend you to take the time to read a bit about the different programmes , including the ones given by the university colleges . 
  the differences in quality is a lot smaller than mostly anywhere else because everything is state-owned , and the two main factors for determining where to study are imho the cost of housing and the student enviroments . 
  you could end up in a place you find boring , or a place where you pay 6000 nok a month for a small room in a collective . 
  but most importantly : good luck !, 
  i used to be in the same boat as you . 
  i stopped being interested in most games around 2002 or 2003 . 
  still played a few games , but not much . 
  then i got a 360 and a wii around 2008 and i was like * holy shit , now i can buy every fucking game i want because i have a job . 
  i probably have ign 's top 10 list of games for both systems , with a total of maybe 70 games or so , but i have n't played more than a third of them for more than an hour . 
  i 've spent thousands on games and still i did n't play much . 
  then it dawned on me : my problem was that i had too much choice . 
  the reason i played donkey kong country in the mid-90 's was n't that i loved the game more than anthing , but that it was one of the few games i owned . 
  now , i can buy anything i want if i 'm bored and i no longer see games as large investments . 
  for instance , i have something like 10-15 long rpgs that i 'm never gon na finish . 
  if this was the olden days , i would only have one and have to play * that * game if i wanted to play a rpg . 
  today i can say that i do n't like this or that detail in a game so i 'll just do something else . 
  recently , i 've realized that the games i enjoy the most are n't the 100 hour epics but the easy to pick up and hard to master games like fifa or battlefield . 
  those , i can play online with friends and they do n't requre the imersion of a final fantasy game . 
  actually , because i 've enjoyed playing simpler games for a few months , i 've actually started to warm to the thought of finishing my backlogg one by one . 
  `` last seen 12 hours ago playing fifa 12 '', 
  no suprise there . 
  the amount of rage messages from that game is incredible . 
  gaming zone : underground . 
  no surprise there . 
  schindler 's list :, 
  oskar schindler : i could have got more out . 
  i could have got more . 
  i do n't know . 
  if i 'd just ... 
  i could have got more . 
  itzhak stern : oskar , there are eleven hundred people who are alive because of you . 
  look at them . 
  oskar schindler : if i 'd made more money ... 
  i threw away so much money . 
  you have no idea . 
  if i 'd just ... 
  itzhak stern : there will be generations because of what you did . 
  oskar schindler : i did n't do enough !, 
  itzhak stern : you did so much . 
  oskar schindler : this car . 
  goeth would have bought this car . 
  why did i keep the car ? 
  ten people right there . 
  ten people . 
  ten more people . 
  oskar schindler : this pin . 
  two people . 
  this is gold . 
  two more people . 
  he would have given me two for it , at least one . 
  one more person . 
  a person , stern . 
  for this . 
  oskar schindler : i could have gotten one more person ... and i did n't !, 
  and i. . . 
  i did n't !, 
  i try to image the fucked up situation he was in . 
  the entire transition from `` these people are being relocated somewhere else '' to `` i can save a life if i sell some crap i have . '', 
  he must have had some serious mental issiues after the ordeal . 
  facinating man , and a true hero . 
  insects . 
  please , hear me out . 
  i live in norway . 
  to be precise , i live in northern norway . 
  as in , north of the artic circle . 
  the only things nature has up here that can kill me are large animals like bears and wolfs . 
  we do n't even have snakes . 
  but fucking insects , man !, 
  even cockroaches ca n't survive up here . 
  if i see a moth that came beacuse of some epic quest or an unknown beetle , i freak the shit out . 
  i have a rule : if you ca n't kill it with a rifle , it does n't deserve to excist . 
  jack o'neil from stargate sg-1, 
  it might be because i watched about 3-4 episodes a day or because i 'm not american , but i started to hate him a lot after a few seasons . 
  he is a * solider exploring space * yet all he seems to do is whine about the lack of baseball and apple pies on alien worlds . 
  he had to be the worst squad leader/ambasador from earth possible . 
  now i 'm going a bit out on a limb , but if i recall correctly , many of the cent-pressing machines in europe does n't actually press the cent . 
  they only give you the illution and give you a pre-made token instead .
