  year system . 
  i 'm in the fifth year of my master 's degree in business administration and your survey only had four options . 
  i have no idea how common the junior/senior/ect system is , but you might consider saying that you only want people from * one * country to take the survey as it is just wasting the time of everybody else . 
  the people of [ / r/survey ] ( / r/survey ) is here because we like ( a ) helping people , ( b ) surveys or ( c ) both . 
  if you only want a limited sample , please tell us so . 
  and good luck on your stats class . 
  because you * read it * on reddit . 
  also , not related but worth mentioning : toast is great . 
  i 'd just like to say that i really apreciate the way you 've been contributing to this subreddit . 
  i 'm not funny or dedicated enough to make these comics , but i apreciate that you do . 
  thanks . 
  ok , i did n't know that . 
  still , we dont seem to have a problem with reposting in this subreddit , so i guess it 's no harm at the moment . 
  where do they come from , by the way ? 
  economics here , and i 'm sorry i ca n't give you a definite answer , as i know nothing about everyday life in the us and this is a question to huge for a single science to answer . 
  let 's start by asking * what is wealth * and how do we create it ? 
  if you 're talking about every country in the world having the same standard of living , certain things would be in short demand while others would be in more demand . 
  in my reasoning , i 'm using the simplest of microeconomic law , that more production leads to lower prices . 
  i 'm also using an old schoolbook fact that said that the second world used roughly the same amount of resources as they represented as human population , and i 'm describing a world with different income , but with all nations with a healthy middle class . 
  some resources used in manufactoring would be in short demand and their prices would soar . 
  if i recall correctly , things like the stuff in touchscreens are rare and touchscreen tech would be only for the rich . 
  this would probably be the same story as with many things . 
  i would suggest that you ask a similar question in [ / r/askscience ] ( / r/askscience ) as the hard sciences probably know more about the avaliability of resources . 
  then you the cost of manufacturing . 
  if everyone has the same wealth , there would be no more cheap labour countries and everything would be more expensive . 
  so we can conclude that more stuff will be more expensive , but we can reason that economies of scale can keep the cost down . 
  but with wealth follow knowledge and more highly educated individuals . 
  this leads to more scientific interest and probably more breakthroughs furthering technology . 
  again something that have consequenses better understood by the respective sciences , including social science . 
  in the long run , this would probably lead to more efficient production and other breakthroughs ( maybe medical knowledge would have major breakthroughs affecting huge social costs and global productivenes . ), 
  so let 's say that we 're in a situation with lean physical resources but advances in many technological fields . 
  this can have a thousand different outcomes , and now we play the guessing game . 
  maybe this leads to a lower demand for certain resources through tech breakthroughs , or it could lead to war for the remaining resources . 
  then we can take the simplest route and say that global wealth has no effect on global production and we only have the capabilities available today . 
  then , if we throw in a peace clause , this would mean a powerfull reduction in buying power and wealth for many things , including basic foodstuff . 
  as i said , i do n't have much info on everyday life in the us , but you are under no doubt a country with purchasting power above the global median and average . 
  ** redditors of other sciences and economy **, 
  please give me a helping hand as this is something i 've never comptenplated and this is a pan-scientific question with many things to consider . 
  by the information i 've gotten from vg , this seems like a mock trial similar to the ones found in parts of the world we do n't consider proper functional societies . 
  i 'm not saying that the info i got from vg is unbiased , but i 'm saying that there seems to be something wrong with the us justice system when ( what seems to me ) was an dangerous but honest mistake got sentenced to 7 * years * in prison . 
  7 years ago , i was running around partying because i was almost finished with high school . 
  it was a very long time ago . 
  so do i think the sentence fits the crime ? 
  this seems like a populistic court with some kind of agenda . 
  no sane person would send a person to prison because of a mistake . 
  that said , i 'd like to se some video and testimony of the situation to have more understaning . 
  in any case , i hope he get to serve his sentence back home . 
  my home town team is in a decade long rut and seems to always fail to get promoted to the premier division of norway . 
  i still support them and gets heavily invested in their games . 
  i never understood the fury in the rivalry with the other `` big '' northern-norwegian club . 
  it 's always fun if we can boast being the best team in the north , but i wo n't sulk ( for long at least ) if we lose the `` derby '' . 
  i 've followed man utd since i was a kid , and fondly follow them in the epl and cl . 
  i have no quarrels with arsenal , city , chelsea , liverpool or whoever the rival of the day is . 
  in fact , when basel won against them i saw something of my home town team 's former triumphs in it and smiled . 
  * feriepenger * or vacation money in money in english , is something all employees are entitled to over here , but you need to earn them before you can get them . 
  the idea is that you get your basic salary , in your case 420 000 a year , and every june you get 12 % of your annual salary extra . 
  i 'm not sure if you get a little something if you 've been emplyed for less than a year , but after a year you 're entitled to that money - even if you quit the company . 
  ~ ~ really ? 
  i 've never experienced that , nor have any of my friends afaik . 
  do you have any links showing this ? ~ ~, 
  edit . 
  forgot about the vacation itself . 
  as mentioned by senorfluffy , you just described fiscal policy , and as nwbenj said , there is no simple fix . 
  all you 're saying is true , but when dealing with macro economics , you need to remember that psychology is a larger part of the effect than we get an impression of . 
  mathematically , the effect of tax cuts on the gdp are ( at least in the norwegian economy , but an educated guess would be that this is universal ) lower than the reduced government income . 
  iirc , a typical effect is between 0,5-0 ,8 of tax reductions , but i could be mistaken . 
  keynesian theory tells us that increased government spending is a very effective way of boosting the economy and that lower taxes are a great way of making that increased government spending travel through the economy . 
  imagine it as throwing a rock into water . 
  the increased government spending is the size of the rock , while the size of the ripples are the lower taxes . 
  how big any of these two effects will be , are dependant on many things . 
  first and foremost , what the government can afford . 
  i come from norway , so i 'm not sure on how the details of the us tax system or the national economy . 
  thus i ca n't say if your national economy can withstand higher spending or lower income . 
  another important factor is mass psychology . 
  if you all believe that you 're only a few weeks away from losing your job , then you wo n't spend as much , just because you want to save the money from tax cuts . 
  this leads to lower spending , event though the economy is healthier and the short-run effect from a tax cut is not realized . 
  time is another important factor that seems to be left out of many theories , and the time from an expensive tax cut starts untill it has effect might be long . 
  the size of the gdp is also important . 
  bubbles are quite real , and the housing bubble might have had a so large effect on the us economy that you need to build another large industry to lubricate the financial sector . 
  these variables make macroeconomics a hard subject to `` get right '' . 
  there are no questioning that keynes described the system in a correct way ( even though he forgot about time being an important factor ) , but hayek have also been proven correct in some cases . 
  my conclution is that different solutions fits for different countries ( think of norway in 2009 ( more public spending ) vs poland in 1991 ( more freedom in the market ) ) . 
  sources :, 
  * frederic s. mishkin - the economics of money , banking and financial markets ( 9th edition . 
  global edition ), 
  * knowledge based on a collection of other minor compendiums and articles from smaller subjects . 
  good answer . 
  some countries , [ including france ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wealth_tax ) has a wealth tax that would certainly be an incentive to move should it be increased . 
  this is anecdotal : i come from norway , and there has been at least [ one case ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_fredriksen ) of someone super-rich moving because of the tax level . 
  you are great and you 're doing something that both your economy and body is going to thank you for . 
  i use a scandinavian tobaco product called * snus * and i used about 24 doses a day . 
  snus is a kind of moist snuff in small teabags and it 's easy to do it everywhere and in any situation . 
  they are also much more potent than a sigarette . 
  i used to spend more than 10 usd a day on them before i started on the road to quitting . 
  i now allow myself one every three hours , so i 've redused the amount dramatically . 
  next step is four hours . 
  then five , ect . 
  i wish you the best of luck on this brave journey , my friend . 
  grand . 
  just remember that many of the soft sciences have contradicory evidence .
