  as a person that loves cheese and most milk product , at least as long as it conforms to my norwegian taste buds , i just do n't understand him . 
  while not in hr , i had the responsibility to train new people and people given promotions a few jobs ago . 
  since it was a relatively high paying , non-customer , unskilled job , there was a lot of applicants . 
  we also had a high enough turnover that i had to train roughly one person a month . 
  as an unofficial policy , we only hired university students , preferably from the town we were in , as they could work in the high seasons and would stay with us for at least three years . 
  two people stick out as the least suited people to work there . 
  one girl found me * totally * uncool and borderline made a show of having to get work training from someone she would n't talk to if she was back in high school . 
  we 're talking rolling her eyes , answering `` yeah , whatever '' and so on . 
  she acted like one of those cool kids from an american 80 's high school movie that should n't exist in real life . 
  from my experience , kids do n't act that way and even in secondary school they 're done with that phase in a few months . 
  seing someone that survived high school with that attitude was spectacular and i can just speculate on how she survived university . 
  the second one was a friend of mine . 
  she had just moved to my town and was looking for a part time job besides uni . 
  i 'd told her about my job , and she was eager to get a job there , as it could easily be combined with her studies . 
  so i got her the job . 
  a personal recommendation from me was enough to give anyone a three month trial , as i had recruited some good employees before . 
  the boss tried to call her multiple times , and after a week ( ! ), 
  of calling , he got a hold of her . 
  she was supposed to come to work on so-and-so date at so-and-so time , but was a no-show . 
  so he called her , maybe she got the dates wrong . 
  no answer . 
  after a few tries , he got me to call her and she answered at once . 
  she did n't answer strange numbers , she said . 
  so i told her my boss was trying to call her , so she should answer * the next strange number calling her . 
  the one calling her five times today * . 
  she said allright , but did n't pick up the phone . 
  that was my boss ' final straw and we hired someone else . 
  there were also a lot of guys that failed , but they did n't get hired because of less odd behaviour . 
  most of them passed the initial training , but could n't pul their weight on regular shifts . 
  if i remember correctly what happened to the two women in my story , the first got a job in a clothing store where she is today , while the second one became a nurse and married a man 20 years older than her . 
  i met the latter one in a pub a couple of years ago , but she said she had no idea who i was and told me not to speak to her again . 
  it was obviously she recognized me , but she seemed done with that part of her life , so i left her alone . 
  i just hope she is as strange as she seemed to me , and is n't trapped in a cult or something bad . 
  you should seriously get that checked out by a doctor . 
  i used to be a heavy sleeper and snored a lot . 
  in my old job there was an episode where i just slept for 15 hours after a relatively normal office week . 
  the trigger was a one night work trip , where i got up at 6:00 to catch my flight back home . 
  when i was back home i felt tired , so i called in and said i 'd be back at lunch , but i slept untill 17:00 . 
  that made me go to a doctor . 
  turned out i had a serious case of sleep apnea , and after the operation i 've slept roughly 6-7 hours a day , i 'm in better shape when i wake up and it has litteraly been the biggest single change to my life . 
  i also used to oversleep once or twice a month , but i 've only done that once in the past 18 months and that was caused by partying a bit to hard the day before . 
  sorry for any bad english , but i 'm drunk and norwegian . 
  they took out my tonsils and cut away some of my * palate * ( the area around my * uvula * in the back of my mouth , i 'm going by goole translate for the cursive words ) . 
  basically just clearing a path , since i stopped breathing so often . 
  i do n't remember the frequenzy , but i was almost got in the `` serious '' or whatever category that would have gotten me a breathing machine . 
  if the requirement was 15 breathing stops a minute/hour , i had 13 or something . 
  the aftermath was two weeks of ice cream , pink la-la pills and playstation . 
  took me about a month before i could eat hot food or bread again . 
  the strange thing is that i still have to use a bit of consiousnes when swallowing , since fluids travel further back than i 'm used to . 
  on the plus side , having a cold is easier since the sore areas are n't pressing on each other as badly as before . 
  that 's the truth !, 
  i developed some kind of panic attack if it became too late for a full night 's rest , so i could n't sleep if i knew i had to get up in less than 5 hours . 
  i think the worst part was that i 've lived for most of my life without knowing that something was wrong . 
  aparently most people do n't sleep 12 hours and through ten alarms even if they had a six-pack of beer the night before or get a five hour period in the afternoon where they can hardly stay awake or think . 
  being a heavy guy that always loved the nice things in life , i just tought i was lazier than most . 
  by the way you phrase yourself , it seems like you 're familiar to sleeping disorders ? 
  i can still remember the taste of the great swedish pizza of my childhood . 
  we were holidaying in sweden and my parents took me to a pizza place where they served the thinnest pizza i 'd ever seen . 
  i do n't remember the toppings , but i think it was red , so it might have been made with just sauce and ham . 
  25 years later , and i 'm still chasing that sweet tasting pizza sauce , but i 've never tasted anything like it again . 
  the closest might have been the ultra thin pizza express pizzas i had in england , but i do n't remember they having the same sweetness in tha sauce . 
  we have something similar where i work and i am by far the seller with the highest rate of store club customers , averaging on 40-50 % a week . 
  the other guys have roughly 20-30 % store club customers . 
  what worked for me was assuming that they have the card . 
  we have a points system , so we encourage customers to use the card at any transaction . 
  i ask if they brought their loyalty card , and if they say they do n't have one , i act mildly surprised and ask if they 're interested in setting one up with the following pitch :, 
  ( name of loyalty programme ) is our membership card . 
  it gives you a discount on store brand items , a better price on items you sell to us and works as a digital receipt after you 've confirmed your email , something that 's nice if you buy something with a long warranty . 
  of course it 's free and it only takes a minute to set up . 
  if i 'm not happy with the reaction they 're giving me , i 'll ad `` it works like a frequent flyer program , so you 'll unlock more advantages as you gain points '' or `` it like our version of ( grocery store with insane market penetration on their loyalty programme 's ) card '' . 
  i do the first if they seem unimpressed or uninterested and the second one if they seem a bit overwhelmed , as most customers are familiar with their loyalty card . 
  by acting the way i am , the customer believes they are in a minority by not having the card , and herd mentality sets in . 
  even people way outside our target group that 's in here with a note from their daughter gets the card , because they assume we are just that kind of store that everyone has a card for . 
  the pitch is also important . 
  it should be short , simple and to the point . 
  i give them three advantages in a few seconds . 
  for some reason , the number three feels nice and complete on stuff like that . 
  two advantages sounds too little and more than four sounds like a lot of stuff to get into . 
  you 're giving out free privileges , so it should n't be a hard sell with the right strategy . 
  the average where i work was around 15 % before i started working there a few months ago , so i know where you 're coming from . 
  remeber that loyalty programmes are different from chain to chain , so some are easier to sell than other . 
  your mentality have to be that this is something every customer should have . 
  it 's free advantages only 60 seconds away ( at least it only takes a minute or two in our system ) . 
  `` did you bring your ( loyalty card ) ? 
  you do n't have one ? 
  it gives you x % off on your birthday *** and *** other * exclusive * discounts . 
  it takes two minutes to set up , and does n't cost a dime . 
  should i set one up for you ? '', 
  seems like an ok pitch for you . 
  i 'm a bit late to the party , but it seems like you did n't get an answer . 
  while i 'm no expert on the matter , i have some macroeconomical training as part of my bachelor 's degree . 
  the main argument against keynes is that it 's difficult to know if increased public spending is getting the economy `` back into shape '' or if it 's just setting up a new `` bubble '' . 
  let 's say that a country had massive inflation in housing/tulips/whatever and that inflation made that one commodity a huge part of the national economy . 
  then for some reason , the market corrects itself and the bubble bursts . 
  now keynes would argue for more government spending to kickstart the economy , since the country now is in a ressesion . 
  keynes have been proven right many times , and it 's quite easy to understand that if you live in a country with f.ex . 
  bad infrastrukture , then the country would be setting itself up for the furture even if they have to go into debt for paying for the new roads . 
  this is among other things what norway is doing now as the oil price tanked . 
  but using keynesianism has n't always had the right result . 
  for instance the norwegian government set a goal of using 1 % of the budget on culture , something that only gave a positive economic boom for a short time and was deemed a failure as a economic stimulus .
