if uber has an advantage in lower taxation , let 's lower taxes for taxis too !, 
  that 's the right way , not banning an innovation that can ( and actually is ) making people 's lives easier . 
  i agree that traditional taxi is doomed , those guys should come to terms with that and become uber drivers themselves . 
  if they are real professionals , they will get their clientele . 
  i am just fed up with seeing another professional group that is rioting so that they can get special privileges paid by my taxes . 
  absolutely . 
  in my view giving any benefits to any people impair them and make them dependent . 
  and they become a perfect leftist 's electorate . 
  gulf countries know what they 're doing by not taking the so-called refugees to their countries , even if they share the same religion and culture . 
  i think the main reason why eu ( = germany ) wants to accept so many newcomers is demography . 
  europe with its fertility rate is literally dying and desperately in need of immigrants to keep the number of inhabitants at least unchanged . 
  funny enough , demography is the biggest problem in germany and its them that are the biggest supporters of current immigration policy . 
  do n't listen to donald tusk . 
  total liar and angela merkel 's servant . 
  this is why he obtained a position in eu administration when his party in poland was collapsing . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  for example , poles in general do not live in ghettos , but i know some of them living in the uk for 10 years ( since poland joined the eu ) and they can not say more than ` ok ' in english , because they speak in their native tongue with their polish neighbors , do shopping in polish shops etc. 
  the only reason why such neighborhoods are not called ghettos is the fact they are small and most of their members have normal jobs instead of living on benefits and committing crimes . 
  people have a natural tendency to stay within their comfort zone , so if they can choose between living with people that speak the same language and have the same culture they choose to do so . 
  the fact that they can stay in europe should be enough for them . 
  i am an economic immigrant myself and i never demanded anything from the country i have moved to , just rolled up my sleeves and started working and learning the language ( paid by myself , sic ! ), 
  after moving out of tents they will be given social housing ( at the expense of taxpayers of course ) and create new ghettos , because it is much easier to stay in a ghetto , take benefits and preach shariah law rather than roll up your sleeves and start working like a normal citizen . 
   yea , the european commission is not a credible source . 
  yes , i confirm your view . 
   the other 27 ministers in each of the council 's rounds , the commissioners , the administrators , the european parliament how are they elected ? 
  i do not remember having a possibility to do so . 
   the ecj , the ecb ( which has for the past years acted in direct conflict with the german government 's and the german central bank 's wishes ) the ecb is constantly trying to keep bankrupt countries afloat by buying their worthless bonds . 
  this triggers two major effects : - bankrupt countries repay their debts ( principal plus very nice interest ) to banks ( mainly german and french ) - the money used to buy bonds of those bankrupt countries are created out of thin air , thus increasing the supply of money and making euro weaker . 
  this benefits exporters and germany is the biggest one in the eurozone . 
  why should i provide you with good sources while yours are not credible ? 
  driving roads in poland is not for free , you forgot about this too . 
  not directly , to make people like you believe everything is fine . 
  and i do not want to hear such abusing words , it tells a lot about your intellectual level . 
  the other 50 % had their chance but they did n't take it , their loss, 
  if you are not trolling you do not know how is pulling the strings in the eu . 
  89 % of the money sent to poland as part of eu structural policy returns to german firms in form of cross-border orders . 
  and you forgot that poland not only receives the money , but also pay taxes and has to abide the eu laws that paralyze its economy . 
   germany is being investigated for north stream 2 's possible negative impact on eu energy security , for example . 
  and who has the decisive power whether it is negative for the eu energy security ? 
  germany . 
  long life our european democracy !, 
  the end justifies the means , son . 
  it 's also worth to add that the owner of polish version of newsweek is ringier axel springer polska , part of ringier axel springer media ag , one of the biggest german media company . 
  * your arguments are based on hipocrisy of `` commie hunt '' or plagiarised book with no research * none of these , i 'm sorry . 
  and again , i do not accuse you of being x or y , but if you do n't see the difference between po and pis , then we have nothing to discuss anymore . 
  where does the information about plagiarism come from ? 
  who is the chief editor there ? 
  that group is quite big in poland and will exist as long as po receives public money . 
  i am not accusing , but considering it as one of the possibilities . 
  i would n't do so if i knew that paid trolls do n't exist there . 
  but it 's even more likely that you 're one of hundreds of thousands of public administration workers afraid of losing job . 
  or some of your close family is . 
  if you believe the book is purely fictional , then you probably also believe that current protests are to protect the democracy in poland and germans are truly concerned about our well-being and not their peculiar interests . 
  i assume pis is left-wing when it comes to their approach to the economy , but right-wing when it comes to the worldview . 
  not extreme right as you mentioned , but conservative . 
  sadly , views that were called conservative in the past now are called ` extreme right ' . 
  it says a lot about who is setting the trends now . 
  and it seems that most of your compatriots are ` extreme right ' , probably ` racist ' and ` homophobic ' . 
  lech walesa was a soviet agent and collaborator ( nickname bolek ) , poles owe nothing to him . 
  he should be tried and sentenced for that . 
  briefly speaking , we wo n't reach any consensus if your source is newsweek , der spiegel , le soir or le monde . 
  you either have an interest in maintaining the previous status quo or you are one of those that are paid to spread anti-pis propaganda on the internet . 
  and again , i do not support pis because of their view on the economy , but i clearly notice that they want to make poland finally sovereign . 
  * check out / r/polska to see how true the story likely is ( hint : the author plagiarized chandler , mac lean and larsson , did n't bother to use any bibliography ) . 
  * we are not discussing technical aspects of the book - i do n't care whether it was nicely written or a plagiarism of another book , but i am interested in facts that were presented there . 
  for some reason none of the names mentioned in the book did sue sumlinski for spreading false information about them . 
  regarding pis , i believe there are some black sheeps there ( e.g. 
  the ones you mentioned ) , but the overall picture of this party and their actions look way better than any previous one . 
  and with all due respect to reddit , it is not the best source of information since it is largely occupied but left-wing thinkers that are ready to protect their status quo in poland at any cost ( as long as it 's not them bearing it ) . 
  check biographies of politicians that are members of aws , uw , sld and po ( do n't be afraid to mention those names in your posts ) . 
  interestingly enough , former aws/uw members moved to sld/po when the former to parties were over . 
  if you have troubles finding this information , i recommend you a fresh bestseller , `` niebezpieczne zwiazki bronislawa komorowskiego '' by wojciech sumlinski -- this should give you plenty of information about linkages between the most prominent people from all former governments i have mentioned , including po . 
  also , please read the story of litigation between the author of this book and former president , komorowski ( mentioned in the title of the book ) and check who won . 
  i am not sure if the discussion with you is worthwhile since you mention with a capital letter all countries but poland ... 
  same with conservatists - you should start the sentence with a capital letter too , no matter how much you dislike the conservatists . 
  when it comes to the capital - yes , it has a nationality and it is very often a tool of political pressure on countries and i would say that examples you mentioned are either exceptions or an examples of losing the ability to protect countries ' national interest . 
  plus , some industries are more strategic than others and your examples are not considered to be strategic . 
  why do you think about communists as the ones that nationalize private entities ? 
  to avoid misunderstandings in the discussion , let 's call all aws , uw , sld , po post-communists . 
  and yes , they privatized lots of formerly public firms - for the fraction of their fair value . 
  it 's one of the biggest crimes they commited during their rules . 
  contrary to protesters from kod , i am not calling for the government dismissal right after the elections . 
  we will know them by their fruits . 
  the previous government proved that they are communists and should never be elected again . 
  call us racists , but it 's not us having troubles with terrorism and our women can wear whatever they want without being called bitc * es in city centers , our kids are not bullied at school by juvenile arab gangs and we do not have to pay for the benefits of people that prefer to do nothing than working for non-muslims . 
  good luck with all of it , tolerant europe !, 
  i do n't live in poland since 2011 . 
  i like the country , still visit it very often , but gloomy career prospects made me leave the country during my studies . 
  i disagree with all socialist governments and the current one is no different in that matter , but at least it seems to be less corrupted and less dependent on german and russian paymasters . 
  and it 's the fist government that is not led by ex-communists , which is a huge change - that 's why you see numerous groups of interests protesting now ( supported by the german media ) . 
  i love the example of germany . 
  they opened their borders very late for poles that wanted to migrate there to work and they were always reluctant to do so . 
  and now they invite hundreds of thousands of young men that are not skilled in any profession , do not want to learn professional skills and have no intention to integrate with local community . 
  german leaders and their voters are real masters of logic and consistence !, 
  taking in refugees that are not influenced by totalitarian islam makes sense since they are ( and they will be ) struggling with labor shortage , but the idea of welcoming muslim men in their 20s and 30s to countries where unemployment is already very high (  10 % ) is a pure absurd . 
  and it 's the responsibility of socialist governments that are trying to satisfy their voters and try to raise another unemployed generation of socialist 's voters that is dependent on public money . 
  pis has been elected in a democratic election , so if you feel persecuted you can move to another country . 
  i remember very well that the same solution was given to po opponents during the last 8 years . 
  why do some people ( including the mayor of cologne ) say that those attacks have nothing in common with the current wave of illegal immigrants ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , one year ago there was a normal new year 's eve party and normal carnival in cologne .
