i 'm not defending anything . 
  there is a very specific , very concrete definition for slavery and we did n't fit within that frame . 
  your anger is misplaced and it wo n't do you any favours . 
  i would prefer if we end this conversation here . 
  i wish you a good night . 
  and yet , the bulgarian national revival happened . 
  churches and schools were being built , history was being examined , writers and poets flourished . 
  we had industrialists like dobri jeliazkov who built some of the first factories in the ottoman empire . 
  how is that possible in a state which you claimed treated us worse than russian serfs ? 
  he was n't elected , because he promised to restore the ottoman empire . 
  he was elected , because he promised to fix turkey 's economy , which in previous years had been stagnating or declining . 
  and no we were never slaves in the ottoman empire . 
  we had a right to own land , protection for any possessions , some relative autonomy under the millet system and forced conversions on christians were not allowed . 
  sure we payed jizya and the blood tax and by all means were treated as lesser citizens . 
  but we were still citizens and in no way slaves . 
  edit : typos, 
  my pleasure . 
  i love browsing through that site from time to time . 
  you would really have preferred to have been a serf in the russian empire ? 
  at least in the ottoman empire we had some rights . 
  sure we never had equal rights in comparison with its muslim population , but that is still better than living in a feudal kingdom and having no rights at all . 
  as someone who is n't a historian , i 've always considered romanians as descendants of the romanized peoples of the balkan region so it makes perfects sense that you would have vlachs livings on both the lower and upper danube regions . 
  it is a pleasure talking to you as well . 
  i 've always had a very positive opinion of romania . 
  my grandparents lived in southern dobrogea during the interwar period , they were both fluent romanian speakers . 
  even though they were bulgarian , they never bore grudge and always spoke highly of romania . 
  that is overblown bulgarian nationalist propaganda . 
  there has never been any sectarian movement propagating independence within our ethnic turkish minority . 
  they are our nato ally and biggest trade partner outside the eu . 
  sure , erdogan has a fascination with the ottaman empire and has made some questionable statements in the past , do we have to equate that as statements made by the entire turkish people ? 
  it is impressive how you guys were able to preserve your latin heritage while being practically cut off from the major latin territories for a milenia . 
  and it is greatly appreciated . 
  really man . 
  just let it go . 
  the ottoman empire does n't even exist anymore . 
  yes , that is probably correct . 
  the basis for the state was the previous bulgarian tsardom/khanate , but the structure lacked the more bulgar elements . 
  regardless of that i believe , crushing byzantines , crusaders , fending off the mongol hordes is something we can mutually admire . 
  well in medieval chronicles the second bulgarian tsardom was often referred to as the kingdom of vlachs and bulgarians . 
  also the asen dynasty which founded the tsardom were probably vlach nobles . 
  if anyone is interested here are some [ nice photographs ] ( http://www.lostbulgaria.com/?cat=592 ) taken during the declaration and from the first year of independence celebrations . 
  thank you kom\u015fu . 
  it might take me a few days to get a hold of the book . 
  i 'll pm you when it 's done . 
  it had information on pretty much everything . 
  even down to reparations for wwi . 
  it was like a 200 page wikipedia article on bulgaria . 
  i could see if i can scan it . 
  now imagine the two things combined . 
  weird . 
  i always thought it was buying ultra expensive smartphones and then complaining on facebook , via said phones , how we ca n't afford anything . 
  this is relevant to europe ? 
  not really a rugby fan , but i 'll be rooting for romania and georgia . 
  good luck best neighbour and favourite wine producing country !, 
  i agree with that . 
  in fact i welcome it . 
  but , this gets brought during every crisis , from greece to ukraine and now the migrants . 
  what we are usually left is just a lot of good talk and promises , but no real results . 
  why wait for that when uk referendum and the subsequent eu bargaining is just around the corner and ready to deliver much cringe . 
  naturally , contemplation is the solution . 
  we will bore the migrants till they leave . 
  this is the eu we are talking about here . 
  processing more than a single crisis at a time will probably make it explode into a million shiny pieces . 
  honestly i do n't think it is worth responding to his bullshit posts . 
  well it all boils down to economics does n't it ? 
  is the cost for supporting an ever growing amount of migrants in europe greater than the cost for sending troops , defending and supporting the reconsutruction of a hypothetical buffer zone ? 
   do you think an international coalition which includes the russians and chinese could potentially keep the safe zone safe through political gridlock ? 
  honestly i 'm sceptical of any potential support from russia on the issue . 
  maybe if the ukraine conflict had n't occurred . 
  and the most china can contribute in the case of un voting is an `` abstain '' . 
  i believe we should be looking at regional powers such as iran , who are also indirectly involved in the conflict . 
  taking in mind the recently improved relations with the us and the eu they might be easier to deal with than russia . 
  please , teach us your ways best neighbour sensei !, 
  well yeah . 
  harsh , exemplary measures have worked so far . 
  though i 'm not a big fan on the corruption bits . 
  this is something the whole eu and nato states should definitely be helping turkey with . 
  you have around 2 million refugees , i just ca n't imagine what burden that is . 
  the least we could is offer more financial aid . 
  they work well in combination with corrupt border guards who will probably beat the crap out of you , steal any valuables you have and then courtly escort you back to the border . 
  do n't forget the occasional beatings as well . 
  all of this is part of the reason why migrants have been avoiding passing through here . 
  i heard you guys were planning to establish a safe zone in syria to resettle the refugees in turkey , has there been any development regarding that ? 
  because the way i 'm seeing it . 
  sure we can all close the borders , but that really does n't stop the migrants from gathering at checkpoints and potentially starting riots as yesterday 's events at the serbia-hungary border . 
  that buffer zone is probably the most sane and rational idea anyone 's had for this whole fiasco and it can solve the migrant issue at least in the short term . 
  [ battle of varna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_varna ) never forget !, 
  that was more of a khanate actually . 
  we got the empire title during the reign of this [ guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simeon_i_of_bulgaria ) . 
  seriously ? 
  whenever i 've read about it , it 's always some vague explanation like `` geological difficulties of the danube 's bottom '' , `` unforseen issues '' , or `` we awoke cthulhu from millennia old slumber '', 
  the giurgiu - ruse has been stalling for years , due to technical difficulties , they 've changed contractors . 
  construction supposedly should start by the end of 2015 . 
  that remains to be seen . 
  that would be lovely considering we are 90 % dependent on russia for natural gas . 
  but knowing our idiotic politicians ... ugh ... they will mess up one way or another . 
  oh this should totally work for a polandball comic , 
  so romania , i 've been thinking that we should totally hook up . 
  we can help you anschluss moldovia . 
  you can help us anschluss macedonia .
