  the guy is a joke , brilliant linguist , but a joke nonetheless . 
   `` what for ? 
  if we really seek some kind of joint work and integration ? 
  what is the use of all this ?? 
  said putin , calling it another case in which the europeans `` do the opposite of what they say '' in terms of integration . 
  was n't the supreme leader afraid he will catch the `` homo nazi liberal jew '' flu from the eu an year ago ? 
  suddenly such concern . 
   oh so now babies are disgusting ? 
  how dare you . 
  so i guess you enjoy eating in a public toilet ? 
   anyway , no i have n't been in those rooms , but i also doubt there is shit on the walls as you make it out to be . 
  and of course i 'm sure the rest of the mall is a lot more of a clean environment right ? 
  when concerning fecal matter and the chance for disease spreading into an child that does n't have a fully developed immune system yet . 
  yes it is . 
   again i am not saying i agree with those policies or anything , i just think they have the right to them , and also do n't think it 's a big fucking deal . 
  good luck to you when become a parent then . 
   what is disgusting or not is subjective . 
   fake outrage over trivial things i suppose you are the person who decides what is an objective `` trivial '' thing . 
  have you ever been into one of those rooms before ? 
  do you know what they are for : changing diapers . 
  that is it . 
  i do n't know about you but i do n't eat where i shit and i sure as hell would n't let my child get fed into one of those rooms . 
  because feeding another human being is such a disgusting act . 
  if that is your definition of political correctness just wow . 
  i have no words . 
  i am not really refuting that claim . 
  i am familiar enough with russia 's long history of dealing with islamic terrorists in the caucasus region and it was not my intent to imply anything negative concerning your country in this matter . 
  my point is 10 % or around 700 000 of our population are muslim , some of them bulgarians , some of them turks none of them have joined isis . 
  op 's statement was incorrect . 
  the issue with islamists in europe lays with the failure of integration , the horrible immigration policy and the flow of saudi backed salafists . 
  not the muslim population as a whole . 
  muslim hipster probably . 
  not really . 
  bulgaria has the highest per capita muslim population and we have between 0 and 1 people joining isis . 
  yes , stellaris sounds exciting , though as far i understand it will be closer in design to ck2 than vicky . 
  someday wester 's gon na bet his hair again and victoria 3 is gon na happen . 
  i 'm gon na try and join next week . 
  since i mostly play with ayutthaya is anyone interested in partitioning china with me ? 
  what makes victoria 2 awesome is the fairly low level of abstraction gameplay-wise . 
  you have a relatively working global economy on a supply and demand principle . 
  each segment of your population has specific , political , religious and social needs which you can choose to address or not . 
  the can emigrate and immigrate , they can promote or demote , they can rebel and if successful either push through various reforms , install a new political system or liberate themselves from your rule . 
  combine that with the industrial revolution , the scramble for africa , the rise of liberalism , socialism , nationalism , communism etc etc and you have a game that gives you the complete freedom to mold a country into anything you want , completely avoiding blobbing if you so desire . 
  we need to write more xenophobic articles in leftist western media about how xenophobic the eastern europeans are . 
  raise awareness to stop anyone saying something nice about them or else we let the disease spread !, 
  yup . 
  can confirm . 
  defending your borders will totally turn your country into a post communist eastern european country . 
  oh wow such factual article , much leftist bullshit . 
  yeah . 
  those were really crappy times to be in the balkans . 
  that would be so [ bro , bro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omcujtqkpji ) . 
  well bulgarian foreign policy since our liberation from ottoman rule has been to unite/annex/occupy ( word depends on nationality ) the lands which were given to the [ bulgarian exarchate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_exarchate#/media/file:bulgarian-exarchate-1870-1913.jpg ) . 
  we are so bro we should build another friendship bridge on the danube bro . 
  indeed they were . 
  i 'm glad it is all behind us now though and i 'm glad we have romania as an ally . 
  losing macedonia was part of the problem . 
  the subsequent treaty of neuilly-sur-seine pretty much permanently crippled bulgaria . 
  leaving our economy shattered for years , this was n't helped by the large amounts of bulgarian refugees cleansed from our former thracian and macedonian lands . 
  our military became a shell of its former self which made dealing with the soviet backed terrorists difficult . 
  it could have been worse though ... the greeks could have won its war with the turkish republic and then we probably would have lost southern bulgaria . 
  no problems mate . 
  i do n't really think there are any particular grievances about that left here . 
  hell you guys treated our population a lot better than the greeks or serbs . 
  no ethnic cleansing or forced assimilation . 
  congratulations for the unification romania and have a happy celebration . 
  ^ ^ 1918 ^ ^ is ^ ^ still ^ ^ the ^ ^ worst ^ ^ year ^ ^ in ^ ^ history ^ ^ though, 
  any western university is seen as more prestigious over here , does n't really matter if it provides decent quality education . 
  finally not last at something . 
  we are so awesome and cultured . 
  envy us . 
  envy us !, 
  right . 
  is there a war going on in greece ? 
  how is that even comparable ? 
  an armed bomber flying towards turkey 's airspace from a war zone . 
  the pilots on board refuse to respond and change course . 
  what exactly should they have done , throw a parade in its honour while it entered turkey for reasons unknown ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's 17 seconds or 1 second , turkey had complete justification to you use defensive action , because that was foreign military intruding on its territory . 
  and it 's not like turkey had n't warned the russian to stop entering their air space before . 
  and it 's not like turkey had n't declared a no tolerance policy regarding aircrafts from syria entering their territory three years prior to these events . 
  and that `` disputed territory '' nonsense is about as disputed as the falklands . 
  so yeah , russia is whiny and obnoxious . 
  because the deaths of those two pilots is n't on turkey 's hands , but on the jackasses in the kremlin who ordered that bombing . 
  yet they have the nerve to blame the country whose sovereignty they tried to intrude . 
  like they did to ukraine before . 
  just bring some decent baklava and lokum and we can be mates for life . 
  there it is :d edit : oh and just for the record , there is a reason while i used russia and not russian in my comment . 
  well , being an obnoxious whiner is russia 's thing is n't it ? 
  have n't been able to watch anything recently . 
  i did enjoy isabel , a spanish series about queen isabella i , when it was on air here . 
  on that line , can anyone recommend a good show set in the middle ages possibly up till the enlightenment ? 
  their concern being that you would have some defensive capabilities against long range missiles ? 
  sorry my mistake . 
  i meant the missile shield . 
  because it is a pathetic threat maybe ? 
  when was the last time that other actual superpower that russia oh so wants to be equal to , but never will , used it 's nuclear armament as a way to apply diplomatic pressure on a sovereign state ? 
  this is the same russia that was threatening denmark with nuclear weapons if it joined nato missile shield a couple of months ago ... edit : mistake, 
  well , the current policies have n't exactly been effective in stopping the growing far right support in western europe . 
  i think possibly adapting their hardline anti-immigration stance while avoiding any other of their potentially destructive ideas is the best thing traditional parties could do at the moment .
