  there is a lot of garbage that needs cleaning . 
  glorious sky god will rise again !, 
  skull cups are compulsory . 
  so ... fifty shades of ottoman ? 
   serbia and bulgarians are slavs and orthodox , double similarity honestly the orthodox faith is hardly a unifying factor when considering its history or structure . 
   as for the personal benefit , you can use that critique for literally any ideology . 
  oh its just for germany 's benefit . 
  democracy ? 
  oh its just for the bourgeoise 's benefit . 
  you are correct . 
  that is why i look at the outcome rather than the idea itself and base my conclusions on that . 
  look i 'm not saying that you should n't cooperate with other states and follow a strict realpolitik line . 
  cooperation and friendly relationships between states and small states like ours in particular is important . 
  but those relationships should be based on mutual respect and not on some vague linguistic connection , twisted into an ideology serving a great power . 
  bulgaria has a stronger historical and cultural connection with romania than any other slavic nation for example . 
  and i value that above any notion that just . 
  because we all say `` kurva '' we should inherently have common goals . 
  because a dominating force following a pan-whatever policy has always used it for personal benefit . 
  i 'm not lying . 
  those provinces were given to the bulgarian tsardom by germany , in exchange for military access . 
  they were under temporary administration with the agreement being that their fate would be decided by the axis after the end of the war . 
  no bulgarian troops participated in the capturing of said provinces . 
   the cccp was steam rolling across europe , do you really think they would play nice with axis sympathizers ? 
  what i think is irrelevant . 
  the fact remains that we did not declare war on the ussr and we did not send troops to fight for the axis . 
  we signed the tripartite pact three months prior to the beginning of `` barbarossa '' at a time when the axis and ussr were at peace and the allies were driven out of europe . 
  had our government made any other decision in these circumstances the results would have been catastrophic and pointless for the bulgarian state . 
  you do know that it was the ussr that declared war on bulgaria in september 1944 and subsequently occupied the country without resistance , right ? 
  up to that point no bulgarian military unit saw action within any front and we kept diplomatic channels with the ussr open . 
   so , let 's agree that pan-slavism is long dead ( as killed by all the parties involved ) , and back to enjoying your life in the dump box . 
  clearly russia has n't gotten the memo yet . 
  and thank you i do enjoy my life in the `` dump box '' . 
  it could 've been better if we removed the ussr-installed communist scum from power completely in the 90s , but at least we do n't have an economy that relies entirely on raw exports . 
   countries hold together so when russia and prussia partitioned poland that was ? 
  look pan-slavism is propaganda and nothing more . 
  a tool used to easily mobilize a population into action so as to serve a specific foreign policy for the state . 
  there is no altruism in it . 
  i say that specifically because i 'm bulgarian . 
  i do greatly respect the russian soldiers who fought in the russo-turkish war of 1877-78 , but any implication that was done out of purely `` brotherly feelings '' by the russian tsardom is just naive . 
  there was never an interest for an independent bulgarian state , if anything the events of 1885 clearly demonstrate that point . 
  russian foreign policy since the reign of catherine the great had always been to control the bosphorus . 
  whether they do it by annexation or by setting up vassal states , the result is the same . 
  yup . 
  they should have been russian instead right ? 
  fuck pan-slavism . 
   at the end of december a `` page of friendship '' went online in russia . 
  the url already suggests that russians and ukrainians are one people ah yes . 
  pan-slavism , that lovely concept used by the russian state since the 19th century to impose its will upon slavic states . 
  yeah that can fuck off . 
  do you believe that the current way the migrant crisis is handled is anywhere close to adequate ? 
  we are letting in hundreds of thousands of people each year with an exponential growth rate and minimal to no control . 
  frankly we do n't know who some of these people are . 
  some say they are minors , some say they are syrians , but how can anyone be sure when they come without any ids or they 've destroyed them . 
  they arrive here with an extremely idealized , borderline fantasy-like idea of what europe is , that immediately clashes with reality . 
  fiasco is polite way to sum it up . 
   50 of them hold archaic views that can be changed . 
  when talking specifically about the middle east the number you 've chosen is unrealistic . 
  look at the statistics for iraq , jordan , egypt or lebanon at the pew research center 's [ site ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-women-in-society/ ) this is not 50 % . 
  sure their views can be changed in a generation or two , but the current integration method in the west has so far failed to produce successful results . 
  furthermore with the effects of ghettoization and disenfranchisement we have second and third generations of immigrants who are easily susceptible to radical beliefs . 
  there is a clear lack of critical thought given to the subject both by the media and politicians alike . 
  where there should be dialogue on how to solve these issues , there is in its place silencing - people getting branded as xenophobes for speaking against the current policies . 
  and the only people who benefit from that are the far right parties . 
  for the record i 'd like to add that i did n't downvote your comment and have no intention in downvoting should you choose to reply . 
  also cake day for me , it seems . 
  jesus ... and people thought integrating them is possible . 
   female german federal police officers who process immigrants at the border with austria say that men ignore or berate them . 
  some spit on the ground in front of them , says one officer . 
  `` that sometimes requires a more robust effort . '', 
  that robust effort hopefully includes a punch to the face . 
  do we really need more proof for the failure of this migrant fiasco ? 
  or do we wait for the honor killings and genital mutilation to begin ? 
  thanks for the link . 
  i will definitely give it a look . 
  judging from the article he seems like a reasonable person . 
  his arguments refreshingly lack any left or right political leaning , which is what i think this crisis needs in order for it to be resolved . 
   mr phillips has previously ** caused outrage ** after he defended the danish cartoons of the prophet mohammed , by saying people should be able to offend each other . 
  such a sad weird world we live in . 
  that is an impressive improvement over the original ... piece . 
  kudos to you emilian sava . 
  truly a work of art . 
  anytime someone uses that line in a serious discussion i get a sudden uncontrollable urge to punch them in the face . 
  sure . 
  you can check the [ wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hiv_trial_in_libya ) for the basic gist on the trial . 
  yeah he was a pretty nice guy overall . 
  probably a bit too soft , but i still liked him . 
  cheers . 
  the zionist thing did come out at a time when the newly appointed foreign minister in bulgaria was jewish . 
  so i guess there is some vague form of logical consistency . 
  saddam 's arsenal was predominately soviet made . 
  honestly the whole narrative that you need an authoritarian figure to keep certain states stable leaks more than the titatinic after taking the hit . 
  unless you are north korea and you have a prior history of isolationism a dictatorship will always crack and throw it 's state into a various level of disarray . 
  assad 's was a perfect case as long you look at the facts objectively and not through the lens of a conspiracy theory nutcase . 
  so glad to see human sacrifice is an accepted norm again . 
  the aztecs would be proud . 
  he was also the person who imprisoned 6 of my countrymen and falsely accused them of spreading hiv to around 300 people , then he tortured them , then he claimed they were cia zionist spies , then he sentenced them to death , then he tortured them for another 6 years . 
  but sure ... when you spew bullshit all day you are bound to hit the bull in the eye at least once . 
  oh you silly americans and your weird outrages at random stuff . 
  they should ban the renaissance next . 
  is he still on the `` khmere rouge did nothing wrong '' wagon ?
