  my kids doctors office is all metric and celsius now . 
  i have to convert later . 
  one day i 'll get it . 
  oops ... sorry , forgot which sub i was in . 
  i even have my watch set in 24 hour format . 
  i have no excuse ... except for the beer . 
  i 'm exhausted thinking about it . 
  i ca n't stay up past 1130 anymore . 
  i have two kids under 4 , though . 
  they get up at 530 bouncing off the walls . 
  what are all these europeans doing up so early/late ? 
  once i told them to put me on their do not disturb list the have n't been back . 
  we pretend we do n't understand them here , too . 
  dry ? 
  nein , i said two !, 
  i used to go to this one restaurant a lot in florence . 
  as in over multiple years and trips and the owner always remembered me . 
  he gave me a hard time once but it was n't serious . 
  i mean he gives me free drinks whenever i visit so it ca n't be so bad . 
  my italian coworker also makes fun of me . 
  but again , it 's all in jest . 
  i 'll just play it safe and stick to espresso after a meal . 
  caff\u00e8 macchiato is my goto drink in italy . 
  but i still do n't know the rule if it can be ordered after breakfast . 
  i learned the hard way about cappuccino . 
  `` volvo sucks ! '', 
  if you pronounce it incorrectly do they give you a miller lite ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand why sas exists . 
  my fellow countrymen can say some very `` interesting '' things . 
  and they say it loudly and proudly . 
  and constantly . 
  and aggressively . 
  if i 'm going to be completely honest , i traveled a lot around europe before i discovered reddit . 
  my opinion of europe was positive over all and i started to look into how i might ever move there . 
  then i discovered / r/shitamericanssay and my attitude slowly went negative , even though i was a regular for a while . 
  then i discovered / r/askeurope and it 's gone back the other way . 
  my next trip is planned but it 's a couple years away as i want my kids to be older . 
  [ best i could find ] ( https://movies.stackexchange.com/questions/31007/whats-the-origin-of-the-ello-govnor-line ), 
   how is moravia viewed in usa ? 
  better wine than beer . 
  and as always , it 's preferred over bohemia . 
  we are more than just oklahoma . 
  [ should i remove the tag ? 
  can i call everyone guv ` nuh ? 
  would that help ? 
  there 's a handful of europeans that answer the questions . 
  i do n't think it bothers anyone over there . 
  i like the perspective . 
  it tends to be less of the europe v america circle jerk that is happening all over the place on reddit right now , which i absolutely hate . 
  i enjoy the food topics . 
  i think the user base is very friendly for the vast majority of the time . 
   americans : too nice . 
  yes we had a nice conversation . 
  no , i do n't want be your friend on facebook . 
  but how am i going to brag to all my friends about how i met some really cool dutch people ? 
  ^ ( i 've definitely done this and now i 'm embarrassed ), 
  i do n't disagree with you at all . 
  i wish we had never meddled in the first place . 
  but we did n't create the mess there , but we are certainly stirring the pot . 
  when isis is fucking up the me and making that a goal to reverse it , it sure is still relevant . 
  read the rest, 
  it 's been 100 years since sykes picot . 
  even isis makes that one of their goals to reverse . 
  you do n't have a modern middle east without that . 
  you can give the us 50 % , but france and the uk need to split the difference . 
  do you also believe that every other country that joins the us in our adventures in the me and afghanistan should be punished ? 
  because the us did n't act alone . 
  and how far back do you want to go ? 
  should the french and uk be punished for how they carved up the me to begin with ? 
  the west has been fucking around in the me for way too long . 
  well , i do n't want people blocked or having the ability to contribute . 
  i 'm just bored of the monotonous `` europeans : what do you like about america '' threads . 
  i guess i would like more original content from my fellow countrymen . 
  we have several europeans in / r/askanamerican and i like what they bring to the table . 
   * what do you like about this sub?what makes you stick around ? 
  i enjoy learning different perspectives on various topics . 
  people are pleasant the vast majority of the time . 
   * what could use an improvement ? 
  nothing specific to this sub . 
   * what do you think about the traffic here ? 
  too many answers , too few ? 
  always seem appropriate to me . 
   * would you say your country has a strong enough presence here ? 
  probably too much . 
  being a tourist in europe i 've never complained about unsolicited help from the locals . 
  it 's nice . 
  i must look lost all the time . 
  you do n't have to use it . 
  but it 's there if you change your mind . 
  [ krebs uses that list ] ( https://krebsonsecurity.com/2017/03/post-fcc-privacy-rules-should-you-vpn/ ) . 
  he has a pretty solid reputation within the security field . 
  [ i 've always found the video of it traveling through space to be amazing ] ( https://youtu.be/ktrtvcvzb28 ), 
  you look more like a german tourist in texas . 
  it 's really in the eyebrows , they give you away . 
  interesting . 
  i grew up going to a barber , it was super cheap , but a lot of kids went there . 
  hair salons were a lot more money . 
  the barber shop was full of old guys who would come in for a shave and a haircut . 
  then barber shops went out of fashion for a while but came back recently . 
  they are way more fancy than what i used to go to .
