  if there is a menu outside and it has pictures of the food or its in english , avoid it . 
  also , get the cacio e pepe . 
  just keep in mind that if you want to see some of the more popular spots , its best to get a ticket online before hand ; the vatican comes to mind for this . 
  otherwise , yeah , i would just go with the flow . 
  pick the one or two things you must see , and then play everything by ear . 
  rome is a big city though , so a notional plan might be helpful . 
  i have never been pickpocketed in rome . 
  in madrid , yes , never italy . 
  i thought i felt some prying hands on the subway in rome , but there was n't anything to take . 
  i use a front pocket wallet with just what i need for the day , with a rubber band around it . 
  when i got hit in madrid it was on the way to the subway and i was taking two suitecases down the stairs ( mine and my wifes ) . 
  he came up from behind me and asked if i was a footballer and tried to trip me . 
  as i was stumbling he got a hand in my pocket and got my wallet . 
  my wife saw the entire thing and grabbed him . 
  he gave my stuff back just as the police rounded the corner . 
  i was careless , and looked like a target . 
  my wife always wore a purse with a strap that went across her chest . 
  she lived in spain for a while and definitely saw purses being taken off the backs of chairs in restaurants . 
  just be mindful in crowds . 
  i 've done plenty of multi-city trips across parts of europe . 
  it 's your trip , if you want to see 2,3,15 cities , its your time , and you know how you like to spend it . 
  3 cities across 2 weeks would n't be a big deal for me . 
  that 's usually my target . 
  my first time to europe i was broke and using airmiles to cover the plane ride for my then girlfriend and me . 
  we flew in and out of zurich , took a train to venice , then florence , rome , and overnight to cannes , visited monte carlo , and then a train back to zurich . 
  when i got home i was exhausted , but i thoroughly enjoyed my trip , even though most of the time was spent on a train . 
  we did n't know if we would ever be able to afford a trip like this again , so we decided to make as much of it as we could . 
  this meant no sleeping in , it meant a lot of planning , and it was well worth it . 
  i would n't ever do a trip like that again , and i would certainly fly between cities . 
  i 'm guessing that this is n't meant to be a relaxing vacation , and more intended to see things that you do n't get to see in canada . 
  that 's why i go to europe . 
  i can do a relaxing beach vacation in north america . 
  you 're not going to see the uffizi gallery in british columbia . 
  with that said , i would probably skip or replace zurich . 
  it was ok , nothing exciting though . 
  i 've never been to berlin , so ca n't help you there . 
  i 've been to rome many times . 
  the last time i stayed in the sant ` angelo district , might be called the roman ghetto . 
  i liked the area as it was quiet and walking distance to a lot of things . 
  i did not care for my hotel , so could n't help you there . 
  previously i stayed near the villa borghese gardens ( south side ) , which was also nice . 
  that hotel was very nice , but it was a work trip , so it was pretty expensive . 
  as far as things to do in rome , really depends on what you like . 
  there are the usual tourist destinations ( colosseum , roman forum , the vatican , etc ) . 
  the capuchin crypt was interesting , yet morbid . 
  i 've also visited one of the catacombs , of which there are plenty . 
  there is a lot to see and do in rome . 
  especially if you into history and art . 
  most people , from my experience , can tell when someone is n't interested in small talk . 
  there are always those people who do n't understand social cues . 
  but there really are n't any rules for small talk , you either engage or you do n't . 
  not unlike reddit . 
  you ignore the ones you do n't want to talk to , engage the ones you do . 
  it 's considered more rude from where i am from to keep small talk going when clearly one party is n't interested than it is to shut down the conversation completely . 
  you 're a hard one to crack , but i 'm going to keep trying . 
   you get to know each other via smalltalk right ? 
  when someone starts talking to you in a cafe or when you 're minding your own business it is annoying . 
  i hate when i 'm eating alone and someone wants to share a table and then feels obligated to talk to me . 
  no thanks . 
  sure ... but this is askeurope which by its nature is n't a topic . 
  just conversations . 
  and we 've just made small talk about your dislike of small talk . 
  now let me tell you about my family ... 
  is n't reddit just a bunch of small talk ? 
   americans throw all kinds of stuff on their hot dogs . 
  when i have a bbq , the only thing allowed on hotdogs is mustard . 
  unless you 're under 8 , then you can put ketchup on , too . 
  [ obama agrees ] ( http://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/obama-bourdain-vietnam-hot-dog-ketchup-394851631.html ), 
  i 've seen your crepe stands . 
  and i 've enjoyed eating at several . 
  i met a german woman in sicily on one of my of my trips there . 
  we went out for coffee one evening and she put her hands behind her head and boom ... hairy pits . 
  we are both the same age ( late 30s at the time ) , so maybe it was a generational thing . 
  she was n't a tourist either ... she worked at the hotel i was staying in . 
  ca n't say i 've ever seen hairy pits before or after that . 
  what 's the lethal dose of that ? 
   wild haggises roam the misty glens . 
  do you catch them by baiting them with lost american tourists ? 
   we do n't generally wear kilts day-to-day ; just on special occasions . 
  til that everyday is a special occasion in scotland . 
  please do n't let me down , i 've always wanted to go on one !, 
   pinochet i 'm suddenly very uncomfortable, 
  what if the dutch were talking shit about potato soup ? 
  would you fight then ? 
  there 's been a noticed increase as of late , too . 
   but their voters would outnumber us and they would just control us . 
  as if we vote . 
  i 'm pretty sure france would be in charge in 3 election cycles . 
  and then we get crepes . 
  no one mentioned the flemish . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
   i noticed only you murites use this kind of notation . 
  i 'm not from , nor have i visited , bulgaria . 
  i guess i can give it a try . 
  i always forget this when i need it , that 's the issue . 
  you would think in the days of google i would n't have this issue . 
  it 's funny , i have no issue with metric distance but celsius does n't convert easily enough in my head . 
  always need to google convert ; i ca n't even guess it . 
  if you tell me something is 20km away , i can picture it . 
  no clue .
