there are a lot of latin americans in san diego , and i 've definitely heard the argument here , and i do n't speak spanish or portuguese . 
  it 's seen as an example of american imperialism to hijack the word for just one country . 
  it 's not really a language centric issue . 
   they dont argue all living in the americas are the same . 
  yeah , i try not to piss off our south american friends by saying their culture is the same as the us . 
  i do believe i would start a riot . 
  or get a stern talking to . 
  i 'm glad someone picked up the smug . 
  i just thought it was funny that there was a lecture on education that itself was wrong based upon where you are in the world . 
  but you are correct , i was being a smartass . 
  south americans do n't consider america a country but a continent . 
  some do n't consider a north or south separate continents but a single one . 
  if you ask someone from south america they will tell you that ` american ' means anyone from the americas . 
  i was flying back from a work trip once , coming from the east coast of the us to the west coast . 
  i started talking to a guy in the terminal and we ended up on `` where did you grow up '' and i said seattle ( we were not flying to seattle but to california ) . 
  he then asked if i knew [ insert name ] . 
  actually , yes , i do know him . 
  it was weird . 
  i support the government sending me to europe for 2 weeks . 
  as long as i get some pizza in naples . 
  or not . 
   i think the better question is `` why ? '', 
  why on earth would the us invade europe ? 
  there 's no point . 
  the pizza , probably . 
  i have a car like that ... i have to put the nozzle into the , filler hole ( what is that called ? ), 
  just slightly to reduce the pressure in the tank first and then it works fine ; my car has a little spring loaded door that covers the hole under the gas cap , just press it open for a couple seconds . 
  otherwise the handle lock wo n't ever work . 
  how many people in your group ? 
  if they automatically add a tip they have to tell you first . 
  usually parties over 6 at certain restaurants will automatically add the tip . 
  i was referring to milo ... 
   seems like an utter ass , and a perfect embodiment of what is wrong with amerika today . 
  dammit , the english bringing us down again . 
  `` make mexico european , again '' . 
  if i could send you our 31 and humid days , i would . 
  although the humidity finally broke over the weekend . 
  here , have an upvote !, 
  [ me visiting scotland ] ( http://cdn.coresites.factorymedia.com/twc/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/7835565764_99c429dbd6_z.jpg ) . 
  the weather looks great !, 
  but i can still borrow your car when i visit , right ? 
  well , not all of you . 
  some of you are welsh , too . 
  i do n't think good cheese is very expensive here . 
  it 's more expensive than the garbage cheese , for sure . 
  i 've only really bought cheese when in italy and it was n't that much different than buying it in the states . 
  `` born in the usa '' is a song criticizing the us . 
  europe fanta is so much better than the us version . 
  it 's like comparing mexican coke to the us version . 
  i tend to drink a lot of fanta in europe . 
  my wife makes fun of me for it . 
  shit ... polish ? 
  churros and bacon ? 
  never seen this . 
  but churros for breakfast ... something to consider . 
  what type of sick bastard keeps baguettes in their pants ? 
  and how do i join their club ? 
  po ` boys . 
  i guess you could call that a burger . 
   best burger i 've ever had . 
  i hope i 'm not missing something , but they do n't serve burgers there . 
   own a black and white striped shirt  nor have a moustache . 
  i think that makes you 2/5 mime , too, 
  but what if we really like baguettes ? 
  i do n't care for root beer on its own , but i will take a root beer float any day of the week . 
  root beer and vanilla ice cream is a magical combo . 
  some people ca n't vote for a variety of reasons . 
  some people just do n't vote . 
  i was just wondering how often the locals visit a spa . 
  is it a splurge ? 
  or a more frequent thing ? 
  i get a massage about once a month at this point . 
  an hour in and out . 
   i have n't gone but i used to get lung massages in a sanatorium 0/10 do not recommend ; _ ; that sounds terrible, 
  i guess what i was going for is how common is a spa trip for the local population . 
  i go about once a month i guess at this point . 
  but my experience is n't a full spa experience , it 's an hour massage and i 'm out the door . 
  i really hope this sub is n't turning into sas v2 . 
  it 's one of my more favorite places to visit . 
  trump won about 24 % of the eligible vote . 
  half the voting population sat it out for various reasons . 
  i 've always wondered how common my family name was in germany . 
  apparently there are 370 people with the name spread all over with a couple in switzerland and one on poland . 
  i 've never met another person with my family name . 
  getting emails has been pretty easy , too . 
  i 've been in several us metros that did n't come anywhere close . 
  the nyc subway is a dirty mess and it did n't smell like bo , even in the middle of the summer ( it stank for sure , but it was worse than bo ) . 
  used to commute in the dc one and same experience . 
  hmmm ... never really paid attention to the lack of makeup but she did n't really wear much other than lipstick . 
  i was [ referring to this ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6mfhik?sort=top ) . 
  they are n't all bad . 
  but there are upvoted comments that are a bit ... uh ... tough . 
   the sad cunt obviously is n't a big fan of europe i read the same question on this sub about american stereotypes . 
  i would n't get too upset . 
  it was rough reading that thread , though . 
  there is definitely a small of bo in certain parts of europe . 
  especially the metros i 've been on . 
  germany , though , i do n't recall experiencing it . 
  italy and spain for sure . 
  i made friends with a german woman in sicily when i was working out of there .
