  she did n't shave her armpits . 
  we have several asian massage parlors in my neighborhood . 
  they all look sketchy to me . 
  who needs a massage at 1030 at night ? 
  interesting . 
  yeah , we have many massage only places or some that offer massages as well as hair and nail type services . 
  i go to a massage only place that 's down the street from my house . 
  i never had one growing up , but my girlfriend in college loved them . 
  so she got me several massages over the years . 
  my current job offers neck and shoulder massages as well as reflexology which i take advantage of all the time . 
  yeah , i 'm not talking about the sketchy places . 
  those seem to exist everywhere . 
  so are spas located within the city limits ? 
  or more in peaceful locations ? 
  we have massage places that do hair and nails as well as offer massages that call themselves spas . 
  i just picture a spa as being a getaway for a weekend . 
  but the place i get a massage calls itself a spa , i just thought it was marketing . 
  [ me right now ] ( https://pixel.nymag.com/imgs/daily/selectall/2017/01/18/18-sad-ben-affleck-meme.w600.h315.2x.jpg ), 
  this food cart used to come by an old office i used to work at . 
  the guy in the next cube asked if i ever tried and then convinced me to . 
  pretty good . 
  i was introduced to salt and lime on watermelon in california . 
  so damn good . 
  hmmm ... i do n't recall seeing those anywhere . 
  always willing to try new things , though . 
  churros are pretty popular in southern california , but i have no clue why they are n't sold with chocolate like they are in spain . 
  i know of only one place that sells them with chocolate here . 
  it 's a shame . 
  they also [ fly one at english camp ] ( https://www.visitsanjuans.com/sites/default/files/styles/business_banner/public/photos/english_camp_green_grass-700x330.jpg?itok=s8t3ho3_ ) in the san juan islands in washington state . 
  home of the [ pig war ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pig_war_ ( 1859 \\ ) ) . 
  i grew up in seattle and my mom made sun tea every summer . 
  never knew why she made so much since everyone else in the family hated it . 
  i 've actually never seen it made in california in the 16 years i 've been here . 
  well online dating/apps was n't much of a thing 10-15 years ago when i was still in the circuit . 
  there were some for sure , but it was n't really accepted yet , people still made up stories how they met . 
  seems to be pretty standard way these days . 
  huh , i 've dated a couple girls i 've met randomly out in public . 
  first date was usually coffee or a beer , though , dinner was 2nd date material . 
  it 's going to be regional where the indian populations are . 
  i 've had very good indian food in the dc area . 
  it 's not very good here in san diego . 
  from what i wrote down years ago . 
  i had some very good indian food in amsterdam . 
  better than anything i 've had in the us ( not that that is a bar for success ) . 
  wilfully ignorant would probably be the term i would use in that situation . 
   not knowing something does not make you ignorant actually , that 's literally the definition . 
  i read the two books ` the pacific ' was base on . 
  very dark material . 
  large appliances or high wattage devices are expensive to convert voltage for . 
  check the number of watts your slow cooker uses . 
  curling irons , as an example , do n't usually play well with voltage conversions . 
  my wife has cooked more than one curling iron or transformer when going to europe from the us . 
  easier to just buy a travel iron . 
  i have an instant pot and it 's 1000 watt . 
  no way to convert that bad boy , well there is , but it 's more expensive than just buying a european model ( if it exists ) . 
  i guess i will just have to go on another trip to find the best one !, 
  [ like this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mountain_coaster ) . 
  even though all the pictures are of 9 year old kids , this 30 something year old ( me ) thought it was great fun . 
  i was actually trying to find one like that , but we went on one that was connected to a track underneath . 
  i went to salzburg once and the hotel had so many brochures for the sound of music tours . 
  i could n't believe how many different tour companies offered it . 
  everyone else in my group went on one , except for me and 2 others who went on a salt mine tour and then rode the carts down the ski slopes ( it was summer ) . 
  not sure what you call those carts . 
  it was pretty fun . 
  everyone said the sound of music tour sucked . 
  i thought the salt mine tour was interesting . 
   buying a car here for instance is just sooo much more expensive than it should be because of the taxation . 
  i 've heard that this is why you have so many tesla cars in norway due to the tax breaks . 
  is that true ? 
  build a wall !, 
   ashton kutcher has a lot of czech ancestry . 
  do you want him back ? 
  we can arrange it . 
  oh wow , i thought alan tudyk was british , too . 
  i 'm very embarrassed to admit this , but i did n't know rod stewart was british for the longest time . 
  i did n't think he was american , just did n't know he was british . 
  my wife gives me never ending shit about it . 
  but i pay her back by reminding her that she actually thought eric clapton was american . 
   john boyega - ( finn ) star wars the only problem i have with this is that star wars does n't take place in america , so he would n't play an african american role . 
  i hear the lasagna is pretty good ... 
  although , i 've actually never seen it on a menu there the many times i 've been . 
  i 'm more of a cacio e pepe fan myself . 
  you 're funny . 
  `` it 's certainly possible that the dish was invented in england and it just happened to match a greek word perfectly and it was then brought to italy , but it seems so much more likely that loseyns was based on hearing about lasagne in italy , especially as the references of lasagne being in italy predate forme of cury and the term lasagne has a clear basis in the language of greece and italy . 
  i think it is so likely that i am willing to give a false to the notion that britain invented lasagna . '', 
  there you go !, 
   we invented lasagne [ sorry , no ] ( http://legendsrevealed.com/entertainment/2013/09/23/was-lasagna-really-invented-in-england/ ), 
  he eventually goes away once you prove you can spell whiskey the correct way . 
  too late ... you 've been reported . 
  mr. higgins will be over promptly to give you a stern lecture and stare at you in a semi-mean fashion for at least 2 minutes . 
   `` the british isles '' covers the uk , ** ireland ** i would suggest finding a hideout for the next couple of days . 
  let this whole thing blow over . 
  i went to that lake on recommendation from another traveler while i was walking around . 
  it was very nice . 
  took the ferry to the church on the other side . 
  is that first link the k\u00f6nigssee ? 
  it 's not necessarily the fast food i would be worried about but the sugar with a side of sugar . 
  you did n't ask , but here are my rules for eating in italy : 1 . 
  if there is someone on the street trying really hard to get you into a restaurant , avoid it . 
  if there is any american flag outside , avoid it .
