no opinion . 
  such a song would probably blame the english in some way . 
  i 'm honestly surprised that ireland has a higher percentage of foreign nationals than the uk . 
  we 've been actively working with other countries [ to prevent corporations from using ireland as a tax haven ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/budget/ireland-abolishes-controversial-double-irish-tax-rule-30663386.html ) . 
  our low corporation tax rate has been our economic policy for decades . 
  we offer a more competitive rate than other countries , which is the way in which capitalism is intended to work . 
  explain how irish society was irreparably damaged by eastern european immigration , because i certainly do n't see it . 
  that 10 % is a huge improvement though , our unemployment rate is dropping very fast . 
  i 'm from dublin and it is by far , the least friendly place in ireland . 
  good question , and it does n't have an easy answer . 
  honestly , yes i am willing to sacrifice ireland 's neutrality . 
  europe 's interests are our interests and we should help defend it . 
  although , my support of federalisation would depend on some assurances that europe would never be involved in an offensive war . 
  i do not want to see irish soldiers being killed in another iraq or afghanistan . 
  i want a federal europe :(, 
  how would that make the ira traitors ? 
  the very reason for their existence is to fight the british . 
  the term british isles is contentious and not used in ireland, 
  lol lad do you remember 2008/9 ? 
  remember when every second shop on dame street had a `` to let '' sign out front ? 
  remember when all your mates were going on the dole or going to australia ? 
  jesus , do you remember the 80 's ? 
  g'way with your `` worse than ever before '', 
  i doubt it . 
  as much as i would like to see it , northern ireland just is n't ready . 
  the loyalists would never accept it and there would be a real possibility of a return to the dark days of the troubles . 
  ireland is doing okay . 
  i 'll grant you , it 's not as great as it was ten years ago , but we 're doing a damn sight better then we were for most of the 20th century and it 's mostly thanks to the european union . 
  why would russians be supporting the uvf ? 
  i am deeply confused . 
  in the 1840s there were 8 million people in ireland , just fyi . 
  the rest of your comment though , i wo n't respond to . 
  you have posted this link repeatedly in this thread , despite the fact that that study is the claims of a single scholar , not widely accepted by the academic community , and has been thoroughly debunked . 
  while the sign `` no irish need apply '' might have been relatively rare , `` protestants only '' was very common , which is an obvious and transparent attempt to exclude the irish . 
  commodity prices are way down over the last few years . 
  coal , gas , iron ore , bauxite , wheat etc. 
  australia depends on high commodity prices . 
  in public offices like courts etc ? 
  yes . 
  you are assuming that irish people do n't know this already . 
  we are painfully aware of the state of northern ireland , much more than the english are , generally speaking . 
  we know the consequences of reunification . 
  it would not be a vote based on rationality , but an emotional one , based on our long standing historical desire to unify . 
  of course there would be people opposed , but they would be in the definite minority . 
  the roi would not be reluctant at all . 
  i would expect a border poll in roi to be 80 % in favour at least . 
  we are well aware of the challenges involved , god knows what the loyalist community would do . 
  no doubt we would need the support of mi5 to manage them . 
  ireland would reunify without an ounce of hesitation . 
  edit : roi definitely could n't afford to support ni in it 's current form . 
  we would need significant subsidies from the eu . 
  although i think the irish would accept a tax hike to pay for northern ireland . 
  yeah the cost of living is insanely high . 
  especially housing . 
  while less people are unemployed , and it is easier to get a job than it was , in my experience wages have n't really grown over the last eight years . 
  i think they may have receded if anything . 
  proper order too . 
  ah see the comma decimal point thing mixed him up there . 
  we would type that as 21.43, 
  you could do that i guess , but i 've never heard of that happening . 
  blackmail is a crime so you could report it to the police before they dump something with your name on it . 
  yeah that 's a real problem in ireland . 
  although the councils are pretty good at rummaging through dumped rubbish . 
  if they find anything with a name or address inside , they slap you with a $ 5000 fine . 
  urge to recreate 1916 ... rising . 
  that 's dublin castle , which is the centre for a lot of government offices . 
  kind of funny to think of a van with a giant swastika on the side pulling up outside the offices of the revenue commisioners or the garda s\u00edoch\u00e1na . 
  that 's a good question . 
  like i said above , we do tend to include protestants who had a positive contribution . 
  wolfe tone and robert emmet are well known protestants who are widely considered among the greatest of irish heroes . 
  post 1798 rebellion , the religious affiliation of most of our military heroes is either forgotten , or whitewashed completely . 
  the problem the irish catholics had was with the protestant * ascendency * ( who did n't even consider themselves irish anyway ) not with protestants in general . 
  they were the landowners who enforced british oppression on the irish people , but there was many protestants who rejected that role , and these are the ones that are remembered and considered to be heroes . 
  however , there was , and still remains to this day , widespread sectarianism in ireland . 
  the flight of protestants post 1916 , was mostly of the rich landowning type . 
  they just saw the writing on the wall , as irish people became increasingly hostile towards them . 
  so really , it is mixed . 
  the contribution of protestants to irish history is not completely forgotten , but it is certainly glossed over to a certain extent in our history textbooks . 
  however , there are notable exceptions like wolfe tone , robert emmet , sam maguire , roger casement , oscar wilde and others . 
  to give an honest answer , irish people generally do n't include members of the protestant ascendency when we think about irish contributions in history . 
  mostly because they were the instruments of british oppression , but also because historically ireland has very strongly self identified as catholic . 
  hypocritally , we are keen to include them if their contributions to history were positive , like robert boyle or oscar wilde . 
  regarding irish service in the uk military , many irish people had no better choice than to join the mililtary due to the overwhelming poverty in ireland at the time . 
  in addition , irish people were encouraged to join the military in the late 19th and early 20th centuries as a way to prove their loyalty to the united kingdom and thus help the goal of home rule , which was more popular than outright independence at that time . 
  you are assuming that the relationship between inflation and minimum wage is linear . 
  it is not . 
  if you raise minimum wage by 10 % , you will not get a corresponding inflation rate of 10 % . 
  i am also in granada . 
  i 'm a pale irishman . 
  i am not built for this shit . 
  meteor moved the date up too . 
  i 'm in spain right now and i 'm using my regular plan without fees . 
  true , but that was n't my point . 
  sorry , i should have been more explicit . 
  if you have a plank of length 1m , in base 12 you can divide it into 3 equal lengths of 40cm each . 
  in decimal it is 33.333 cm , which is awkward . 
  in other words , it is easier to divide unit lengths into 3 equal parts in base 12 than in decimal . 
  base 12 and base 16 are both demonstrably better than decimal . 
  base 12 because it is a highly divisible number . 
  it 's easy to divide a plank of wood into three pieces for example , something which is awkward in decimal .
