  - second , more information to the average guy , its pretty clear most people do n't know shit about what are the eu benefits and what exactly each of us contribute . 
  - third , better pr , make it more about a union of 500 millions before 27 countries , a lot of people have no attachment to europe . . - more open debates ( outside closed rooms ) , a lot of times the average person only knows something will change really close to when it 'll change , people do n't follow every step of what 's changing , in part its the people at fault for not seeking , but eu also does n't try really hard to connect with the people and keep them in touch - highly controlled outer borders , i 'm not saying no one can come in , they can , but it has to have some control , not like it is now . 
  who exactly need refugee status , who does n't , can we really help ? 
  who can ? 
  how many can we help ? 
  this all should be done before millions actually come in . 
  no one will approve until there 's a general feeling the people want it , that 's what catarina martins meant , if eu keeps working like this they will make the anti-eu feeling grow , eventually the people may demand it . 
  ye , she 's not pressuring too much right now but says if eu keeps being like this it will happen eventually , and i agree . 
  and portugal , we have a centre-left government supported by the extreme left and the commies ... 
  this is eu trying to break the governing alliance . 
  i 'd support it if this goes through and we have to pay something ... portugal is not eu 's pet , we 're supposed to be an equal member with equal treatment . . 
  these are the lies they tell you ? 
  we 've been doing what eu told us to do , the plan failed , they ca n't sanction us for following their plan , i swear no matter how much i love eu if they sanction us over their own decisions i 'd vote leave if there was ever a chance , i do n't want to be germoney 's dog , ty . 
  we sold some stuff to chinese too ... c'mon, 
  no this vote was about , ` im a xenophobic cunt fuck the poles and the romanian gypsies ', 
  and sanctions against germany ? 
  what a fucking shit show . . 
  too late , this was a good ridance , finally eu will be able to do things uk was n't allowing , the faster they go the better . 
  we did n't reach it last year by 0,2 % , we will this year with the new government , but while it was the right wing government everything was fine and portugal was an example . 
  see , this is just a threat and pressure for the left win government to make austerity even if they get the goal this year . . 
  they should concern about it before they let them leave . 
  then they should n't be sanctioning the same recipe that our government always followed and was always praised for it . 
  despite people agreeing or not if it was the best way it does n't matter , the problem here is eu wanting to sanction what they said was right and what they told us to do , we got here by doing what they said and now we 'll be punished ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  keep telling yourself that it 's because of that , this is all political , while portugal had the right wing government that followed eu blindly portugal was an example , that same austerity eu wanted failed the goal of 3 % by 0,2 % , the moment we have a left government that will reach the goal this year this pressure starts to appear . 
  this is pure political pressure to try and give more strength to the right wing in spain , or try a central coalition there and to try and break the left government that is being sustained by the rest of the minor left parties . 
  from which port did your boat came ? 
  . . no one answers . . from which port did you came ? 
  . . no one answers . . ok kyrgiakos send them to nearest african/arab port . 
  they will eventually understand . 
  all hail britannia, 
  the thing is , the last government followed the eu way , the austerity way , and portugal was always praised for following it and that way eu wanted got a deficit 0,2 % higher than it should , we will be below 3 % this year so talking about sanctions and new programs for a country that has been doing whatever eu wants ( which they stated many times as an example ) and will get the result this year a bit contradictory , this sanctions would penalize portugal for following the eu way . 
  tl ; dr - we followed the eu austerity , the result is not what eu wanted by 0,2 % , now they want to sanction their own way , when our new government will get the result this year . 
  - this is just schauble pressuring the portuguese government for the change of policies since we now have a left government , which seems a bit stupid taking into account the moment eu is living , he 's just creating more problems in a highly pro-eu country that has a growing anti-eu side . 
  - some time ago juncker said eu would n't sanction france , cuz france is france , they also wont sanction germany surplus . 
  so , do you think this kind of pressure is good ? 
  we 're supposed to be equals but we 're not , this is why anti-eu is rising . . 
  what ? ... 
  but the commies and the left bloc told me we were your vassals now and that we should recover our sovereignty, 
  is the exit from the commonwealth a supported scenario there ? 
  anyone else wan na hug scotland right now ? 
  i hope we do n't let them down . 
  do n't worry uk , the same thing was happening in portugal and we were just fin ... oh shit . 
  who took the action here was uk against themselves , you silly . 
  hope so , do n't want the european chavez commanding a country . 
  the trauma ... 
  up 40yo the remain was winning , is the generation from 40 below more educated ? 
  yes they are , and the old people might have just fucked the future of others not theirs . 
  i would only take england back with a worse deal than they had before leaving . 
  england made their choice , and now i see you 'll start to complain as soon as eu does n't give a flying fuck about your well being , i hope eu gives you the worst possible deal and that england ends up drowning in their own piss , with that said , scotland and ni are welcomed whenever they want , they seem like wise people . 
   it 's not turning its back on europe , it 's saying they want good relations and trade , just outside the eu so we 're married you ask me for a divorce cuz you want life to be 100 % how you want without caring what your partner also needs from the relationship , but you still wan na come home for dinner and so i can wash your clothes . 
  i hope eu sends a big fuck off and gives you the worst possible deal . 
  it can be dangerous tho ... everyone here thought that the big parties would make a deal for a government since none of them had absolute majority and after the elections people saw what would happen , we now have a center-left party ( socialist party ) supported by the left bloc ( like syriza ) and the communist party , a lot of people that voted for the socialists would n't vote again if they knew the communists would be envolved , me included , it had never happened before and the relationship between both parties was horrible . 
  would i get a castle tho ? 
  we do n't even need to divide the world in 2 this time, 
  it 's a special alliance , we help them and they do n't care a single fuck about us . 
  spain , idk about portugal , our politicians like the flavor of uk dick . 
  he was just completing the meme . 
  france democracy is southern , corrupted and politicians have no shame on it . 
  disgusting tbh , i 'm so used to use the bidet i ca n't even imagine pooping and then not washing with water and soap . _ . 
  since i live in lisbon since i was born i have no problem with it nor do my family , grandma included , the main problem is foreigners not being used to it . 
  i dont wan na go look for it so i might be wrong , but i think i read somewhere we have the best or one of the best roads in europe . 
  hey spaniard , you lost . 
  yeah ... we notice trust me . 
  that 's a lie ... but keep repeating it, 
  the same guy when asked to go to the police station to explain why he thought it was criminal said he was too ` busy ' ... knowing the person i 'm not surprised he just said some bullshit without any basis . . 
  is there any way to ban him from creating posts ? 
  since this is not his 1st time , let him comment , everyone shoul ` dve an opinion even if retarded , but can you stop him from posting ? 
  here we go again , now its everyday until october ... 
  it is . 
  yea ... do n't remind me of what is to come . . 
  if we joined spain would have sided with germany , we 'd do nothing , portugal remaining neutral mantained spain neutral , also spain always wanted to conquer portugal , if the war was lost we 'd be majorly fucked . 
  chill and sit down commie . 
  first you need to hit the gym , i heard putin fought a bear or a tiger alone , so the midge . . guy must be strong ... - after that i have all the assassin 's creed games so we can practice there , dishonored too , we go on hard mode so you can really learn how to overthrow a government without being noticed . 
  after all this i expect you to have the job done in about 3 days . 
  those are called opinion articles ... 
  they are completely biased because its a personal opinion ... 
  i fail to see why newspapers should take sides , people can tho and have every right to write about it on a newspaper . 
  wanting our media to be openly biased is to want them to become fox news and cnn , no thank you , i prefer it this way . 
  you forgot to shout something at the end of your comment, 
  that 's a nice spring day . 
  trusting the us , ok mate . 
  the germany fuck up i 'm referring to is when they let 1mil into their country in about 3 months or so , no one else wants that to happen , but then you have a huge problem that should be solved , people smugglers getting this guys directed to europe , what can you do , solve the criminals problem ? 
  impossible , there will be replacements ... 
  sink refugess boats ? 
  against human rights , our values would go down the drain ... do a screening before letting them in to minimize the risks ? 
  there will still be crminals between them ... 
  i honestly do n't know the less bad way to solve this . . no one else in the world seems to care and europe is being overwhelmed . . honestly if it was up to me i 'd send them back the moment they arrive , if someone came shouting about refugees rights and shit i 'd say if the rest of world does n't also stand up and care why should i. . . 
  but that also goes against some of our core values . . and when 1 exception is made you know how it goes . . its a major problem with no good solution . . 
  no politician right now wants to keep this up , after the massive germany fuck up all of europe woke up , politicians stance changed, 
  typing on my phone , i hate it , if somehow i can shorten something i 'll try to . 
  china will also ` lose ' money with this , if your problem was paying to the chinese and indians , the countries that will benefit the most are the ones i said , underdeveloped and the ones most affected by climate change . . china will keep with the deal even without the us cuz for them it 'll be the same , they need to change and they 'll still ` lose ' money with or without the us . 
  us will pay more cuz china still has underdeveloped regions , like third world regions but china will overall be much more a payer than a receiver . 
  china will spend almost 800 billions up to 2030 . 
  - edit : that 's the value if i remember correctly . . 
  you 've been lied to ... 
  guess that now china will leave since there 's no money from the us ... oh they wont ... money was to help develop regions underdevolopded without the need for a pollution boom . . you know like our countries did ... and to help the most affected countries by the climate change, 
  that 's all you need to know to judge someone , 3 irrelevant characteristics about her personality and political views . 
  i can be an activist and a murderer and i can be an activist and a gardener ... why does everyone that defend trump always have senseless arguments . 
  yet even those guys are willing to do something to make it better , you guys are not .
