  and no , they 're not like airplane crashes , that 's an accident , teorrism is a direct attack against your country . 
  c'mon , stop it kim jong-un . 
  christian conservatives from poland usually just work , you may not like them , but they do n't usually blow up . 
  are you honestly comparing poles to terrorists ? 
  like they will go back after enjoying the sweet germoney life they dreamed all their life . 
  also , end of violence in the middle east , ye , not happening . 
  quick sanction them so they can reach 3 % !, 
  i do n't think people having guns will never protect them , my opinion is that no one should 've guns besides the public forces , and that 's the scenario we should be fighting for . 
  i 'm glad you 're safe over there hope it keeps going like that , but it is not so black or white , for example in an hostage situation the criminal can start a killing that wouldnt happens cuz someone tried to reach for the gun . 
  we caan pick a lot of scenarios to simulate it , imo the most safe situation would be no one having access to guns and the public forces shutting down the black market as much as possible . 
  - its my last response on this thread , nothing against you trust me , i just wrote too much in this thread and i 'm saturated with the theme . 
  care to read everything i wrote , thats not the point , europe as a whole is very safe , my initial 0 % was of mass shootings , but if you check what i wrote and see the numbers , % of deaths caused by guns or the % of crimes that are homicides by gun it 'll be very low , probably around 1 % or lower . 
  - portugal being the 5th while also being the 5th most safe and peaceful country in the world according to the latest gpi just goes to show how safe europe is and i 'm glad our gun policy is stricter than in most of the rest of the world . 
  - i do n't even really like this kind of discussion , my response ws more for the americans here that have bunch of murders and mass shootings and come to this rare rare threads when something happens in europe ( cuz its very rare in europe ) to say ` hah !, 
  see you need more guns in there , we are right ! ', 
  a huge part of death realted to firearms are suicides , still the 0 is 0 % as in , almost 0 % of deaths in portugal are related to guns , or near 0 % of crimes are homicides by guns . 
  i guess no one understood that 's what i meant , not a literal 0 deaths . 
  - and germany is safe , was n't comparing with them . 
  edit : http://msalx.vejasp.abril.com.br/2015/05/13/1417/alx_grafico-taxa-obitos-arma-fogo-mundo_original.jpeg that graph is from 2012 i think , it shows number of deaths by firearms by 100k population . 
  also , i know you guys think it makes your argument stronger , but it just shows that you ca n't even read , my 0 % was to mass shootings . 
  even tho , i think it should be near that % aswell as i stated above even counting with what you understood as my 0 % ( disclaimer in case somebody shoves a 1.5 % or smth on my face , that 's near 0 ), 
  i guess we just think of the government and public forces differently , i do n't think i live in a nanny state just because i expect my country to protect me and my fellow citizens , for me thats just their job , i vote and pay my taxes so i can be safe , have access to education and helthcare . 
  my vote helps to put them in the parlament and my tax money pays them and the public state then they do their part . 
  - but i understand how hard it can be in america , your crime rate is way higher if suddenly guns were way more stricter it could get dangerous really fast , that 's a process to do reaaaaaally slowly , and can never be only focused on guns but also looking at why some people are criminals , you have to work a lot on the social side of it . 
  ` near 0 % ' where did you see 0 deaths ? 
  key word is near . 
  - your old lady would probably at max shoot one before another jumped on her with the consequence of not only being raped but also killed , it would only make the situation worse . 
  this comment is so retarded , how is this even upvoted . 
  i 'll explain why a lot of people want tighter gun laws but not truck or knives or rocks . 
  - guns main use - kill or badly injure , secondary use , ugh none , guns are made to kill or badly injure , so they do n't actually have a daily utility . 
  - trucks main use - transportation of goods . 
  they are very important for the daily life of a country . 
  - knife main use - cut my bread open by the morning before work and help me with my meals during the day , can kill , but its much much much harder to kill than with a gun . 
  - so yes , you can kill with other objects , but if you restrict guns you at least avoid some homicides and guns have no use for the daily lives of a civilized country , they would n't be missed . 
  ( apart from security forces , ofc they should have lots of guns ), 
  but living in a gun abiding state must make you feel so safe . . with those 0 mass shooting per day ratio . 
  but if there was no gun at the scene there wouldnt even be a mass shooting , but what do i know , i live in a civilized country with near 0 % of that shit . 
  - only people with guns should be the public security forces , and the government should fight as hard as possible against the black market , that 's what a decent country should look for not for ` welp you can buy a gun good luck and do n't die ', 
  i thought my first comment was obviously sarcastic , but its still downvoted . 
  so poland used biological attacks on europe , ok . you guys are the worst people in the world , no wonder uk hates you . 
  - do you think i really need a / s up there ? 
  just straight disgusting really , they probably even have the plague ... 
  i get shivers everytime i think about them, 
  why are news about north korea her . . oh turkey , ok . 
  ye they 're not , its not like majority of the most safe and peaceful countries are in europe . 
  oh wait they are . 
  \u00c9derzito ant\u00f3nio macedo lopes , portuguese hero that conquered europe in 2016 . 
  what do you think they might want ? 
  a military dictatorship or just overthrow erdogaan and try to clean the system ( would they even have the peoples support ) ? 
  - i ask cuz i do n't really know much about turkey besides erdogan not being the best example of democracy but neither being the completely worst . 
  portugaal only problem is being poor , apart from that is probably better than your country in every aspect , with that said , the difference is that we are not higly-potential terrorists, 
  save us hungary . 
  no , but the uk thinks of it as negative . 
  what i meant is that the uk ca n't have more concessions by leaving than they had by staying . 
  you 're either completely retard or you 're a troll . 
  uk had almost all the concessions they wanted . 
  please leave and fast , good fucking riddance . 
  and nothing about russia invading european territory , nah . . 
  its the last time i answer , this is getting stupid , its not a punishment losing eu perks if you leave eu , its normal anywhere in the world but in the uk it seems . 
  and ? 
  we would still be allies whats your point ? 
  i still do n't think eu should destroy its purpose to give uk a nice deal , if you leave an union you ca n't keep everything you had plus more perks , its just stupid and irrational to think otherwise . 
  no one will want uk to have a better deal outside eu , or as good as they have now thats for sure . 
  and europe are the 27 states , if something is decided it 'll be by the 27 states . 
  if we let an ex-member keep all his perks or even get more than it had before it 'll be the end of eu . 
  so no , you wont get a better or as good a deal . 
  so we should let you have the same deal you have now but without the freedom of movement , then the uk would end up with a better deal . 
  - no , you have to end up with a worse deal because we ca n't let a non-member have better status than members . 
  ye ... you were , you had the better deal inside the eu , almost everything went your way with a bunch of special privileges . 
  you just ca n't leave in union with other countries and that 's it either 100 % goes your way or you start a tantrum . 
  - you wont be missed . 
  ye , and the smaller countries keep getting punished without complaining while others get a by . 
  i 'm sure that will end up in a just and democratic system . 
  oh wait it wont ... 
  i 'll say this again cuz people eat what schaueble says and do n't care about facts . 
  - in december , note december , eu made portuguese government baailout a bank which made our final deficit go from 3.2 % to 4.4 % to which eu said they would count the 3.2 % and not the 4.4 % so we did n't need to worry about that or think about doing it in january . 
  - if france is pardoned because 0.3 % is close enough we wanted it too , but then eu changed the stance , now they count with 4.4 % completely fucking our ass . 
  - if you think this is about enforcing the rules and not about trying to weaken the left wing you 're wrong . 
  i noticed you were , sry if i sounded rude or smth , sometimes i can only express myself in one way because english is not my main language and at times i do n't remember any other way to phrase it . 
  what , germoney stole your pipeline like that ? 
  oh god , did n't know , this is so sad that it becomes hilarious . 
  what this guy said !, 
  * raises pitchfork *, 
  this is eu dream , to subjugate the socialists under pp and to crumble the left side in portugal to try to rise the right again . 
  no , i do n't need some retard shouting populist bullshit . 
  if one day the portuguese people as a whole decide to leave will be thanks to actual facts and not bs and racist punchlines . 
  or at least i hope so . . 
   america -  healthy - please , you can only chose one . 
  i hope they dont change even a fucking comma on their program , i did n't vote for a coalition , i voted for a government of the socialist party or in the worst case to form a deal with cds or smth not with the communists , but this was the result of the portuguese votes , we are going to get that 3 % deficit , if its to be the eu dog i rather get out . 
  i believe eu is the best thing in the world , but not this eu . 
  cuz let me tell you anti-eu backlash will surely happen , eu is being completely retarded , this month there was 4 countries to be sanctioned , france , portugal , spain and germoney , guess who was punished ? 
  so ye , fuck eu , it was supposed to be ` all members are equal no matter how rich you are ' portugal and spain should play the uk game , ` treat us well or we leave hurr durr we have commonwealth and shit dw ' , we have a lot of african countries that speak portuguese and asian regions and all of south america speak either spanish or portuguese we would n't be alone also . 
  france should be sanctioned now together with spain and portugal , but only the last 2 are being sanctioned , so yes , they are there to bully those 2 countries , cuz they want pp to get more power in spain , or else the ` country will go backwards ' and they want to cause instability in the portuguese coalition between the centre-left the extreme left and the communists . 
  because money comes before peace i guess . 
  i do n't see any other reason to run from the 5th most peaceful country in the world ( according to gpi ) when you are running from war and certain death . . 
  they 're very , very , very rare . . we 're the 5th most peaceful/safe country according to the latest global peace index . 
  we are a really caalm and relaxed bunch of people , bad stuff happens here too ofc , but you barely hear about something really bad . 
  ye , this absolute nonsense , syrians ran from portugal after we gave them free housing ( better than the average low class portuguese btw ) and essential supplies . 
  first thing to change ? 
  hm . . making all 27 countries equal inside the union , no more elite members and pleb members .
