  ( for now , senators are re-writing the bill - the senate is predominantly right-wing so they are making it even more liberal than it originally was - soon they 'll vote on their new draft , and it will then be brought to the assembly again in a few weeks , so you see it 's far from over and i ca n't really anticipate how things will turn out ) . 
  - however , i 'd like to mention police violence : there have been numerous instances of people severely injured by either police grenades or flashballs . 
  the number of policemen injured during recent protests has been broadly publicised from the start , but the number of protesters injured was very difficult to estimate . 
  well , this week a few newspapers started really addressing this issue and even if , as i said , it 's difficult to count all the victims , the numbers are starting to look pretty bad . 
  one case in particular really made it to the mainstream media ( but then the floods happened and it was quickly forgotten ) : on the 26th , a young independent journalist who was just observing a ` normal ' protest , received a grenade launched by a policeman who was absolutely not in danger at all . 
  he fell down and apparently was hurt in the head by grenade debris , which caused a very serious injury : he 's still in a coma . 
  ( [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hymcat65thc ) : this is one of several videos , you ca n't see clearly but after watching several videos of the scene it appears clear that this is what happened ) . 
  [ edit : new testimonies given by witnesses seem to suggest that the young guy , who was still conscious after falling , was then * injured by 2 cops * who accompanied him in the emergency truck . 
  if true that 's clearly very very worrying , but i doubt we 'll ever know ] . 
  this is not an isolated case and protesters had been warning the authorities that someting like this would happen . 
  ( if someone else wants to expand on this topic and detail the other serious injuries ... 
  i just ca n't be bothered to look for the articles right now ) . 
  - oh and also : the president of the number 1 pro-business organization called the workers ' union leading the social protest `` terrorists '' . 
  a journalist also made a similar comment : comparing them to isis . 
  ( but that 's no big deal : what 's far more outrageous is what a football player said : see below , benzema ) . 
  - ** 5 other women come forward in the recent sexual harrassment case against an ecologist mp . 
  ** i mentioned last month that denis baupin , ecologist deputy , was accused by 8 women of either sexual harrassement or sexual abuse . 
  this week 5 other women joined them with similar claims . 
  3 of these 5 women decided to press charges . 
  denis baupin is still denying everything . 
  he gave an interview for the first time and his defense is rather poor : he talks about misunderstandings , about the fact that his attempts at seducing them were not reciprocate ( well that 's not ` seduction ' then ) and mentions that `` in that time , people used to be more ` open ' than nowadays '' . 
  a judge has started interrogating the women but baupin has not yet been charged with anything . 
  ( by the way , last time i mentioned that he had resigned : actually that was not exact . 
  he did resign from his title of vice-president in the assembly , but he 's still deputy ) . 
  - ** the ` amber alert ' was launched last sunday to find 3 kids who had been kidnapped by their father , after he killed their mom/his ex-wife . 
  he quickly turned himself and the kids were found safe . 
  ** so the woman filed for divorce apparently because she was victim of violence from her husband . 
  he did not accept this and killed her . 
  he took the kids and fled . 
  the ` amber alert ' was launched ( = description of the man and the 3 kids all over the radio and tv channels ) . 
  2 or 3 hours later , we learned that he gave himself to the police and told them where the kids were : safe at his sister 's house . 
  fortunately they had not witnessed the murder of their mom . 
  ( i read about another similar case that happened last week too , but did n't make the headlines at all - i saw the articles in my twitter feed : a woman who had been threatened by her husband warned the cops . 
  she asked for an ` amber alert ' to be launched after she received cryptic but threatening texts and a letter from her ex . 
  they did n't listen , said he was not considered `` crazy '' . 
  the next day , her 2 kids were found dead : the dad had burned them in a caravan in revenge of his ex-wife , because he did n't accept the break up and the fact that she was seeing someone else . 
  but , you know , some comments made by a football player are far more outrageous : see below ) . 
  - ** egypt air black box signals detected . 
  ** you probably heard about it . 
  nothing much to report : we 'll have to wait a few more days for a ship to investigate . 
  - ** big controversy after karim benzema claims that racism influenced didier deschamps 's decision to drop him from the euro team ** . 
  karim benzema gave an interview to a spanish magazine . 
  he said something along the lines of `` didier deschamps has yielded to the pressure of a racist part of france ( in choosing not to select me and hatem ben arfa for the euro championship ) '' . 
  this was quickly rephrased as `` karim benzema claims didier deschamps is racist '' or even `` karim benzema claims france is racist '' . 
  and everyone agreed to disagree with benzema . 
  a few days earlier , eric cantonna had made similar claims in an interview to the guardian . 
  - ( ** psg player serge aurier was arrested for allegedly punching a police officer . 
  he claims he was the one who got hit : 2 contradictory versions . 
  ** ) serge aurier was in a car with friends after partying in a parisian night club . 
  the police claims he did n't want to cooperate when they controlled him and his friends and that when he got out of the car he punched a police officer in the thorax with his elbow . 
  that 's how it was reported ( headlines of all news reports , i mean , yes mention it , it 's newsworthy , but it is really worth it making it n \u00b0 1 news ? 
  especially mentioning it before the news about the man who killed his ex-wife and kidnapped his 3 little kids ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think it would have been the same with another celebrity ... ) . 
  well , the next day , we learn ( but it 's not making the headlines at all ... ) that aurier pressed charges for police violence : he claims the police officer hit him in the face . 
  so there are 2 totally different versions . 
  i do n't know who is telling the truth obviously ( apparently his 3 friends as well as another witness have given the same testimony and they did n't have the time to talk about it . 
  but that 's what they told the journalists , i dunno if that 's what the investigation will prove ) . 
  serge aurier is already seen as a bad guy because a few weeks ago this moron filmed himself on periscope while insulting his coach laurent blanc ( homophobic slur ) . 
  edit : added new element in the `` police violence '' paragraph . 
  france : - ** protest against the labour law continues : strikes in oil refineries and oil depots result in fuel shortages . 
  ** last weekend ( when it began ) this was only affecting the north west of the country , but it quickly spread : on monday/tuesday almost all of france was affected since all of the ( 8 ) oil refineries had joined the strikes by then . 
  but it has to be said that the shortages are mostly due to people expecting shortages and rushing to the petrol stations at twice the rate they normally do . 
  basically creating shortages because they fear there are going to be shortages . 
  so at the beginning of the week , there were very long queues all over the country , and gradually things went back to a form of normalcy although the strikes are still on . 
  there are also strikes in nuclear plants but this has n't resulted in any power shortages . 
  yet another march was organised against the reform on thursday and it was slightly bigger than the previous ones . 
  62 % of the french consider that these strikes are justified - according to a poll conducted this week . 
  ( 70 % oppose this bill , 75 % oppose the use of special constitutional article `` 49.3 '' to push it through parliament - according to previous polls ) . 
  the government stays firm : they will not back down !, 
  i really do n't know where this is going : the fuel shortages seem to have stopped , but maybe it 's because we are using our reserves and we will be having shortages ( `` real '' ones this time ) in a few weeks if it goes on . 
  people are still angry but will they gradually forget ? 
  the euro football championship begins in 2 weeks and the government will be in trouble if tourism is affected . 
  a union announced a strike in parisian transports from the 10th of may ( when the euro starts ) . 
  maybe they will be joined by trains in the rest of the country but i do n't think that 's sure right now . 
  ( and there are going to be strikes in airports as well , next week . 
  but this is not directly related to the labour reform protests ) . 
  - ** companies made millions thanks to eu pollution permits . 
  ** this month 's investigation tv show `` cash investigation '' was about the environment . 
  they were basically trying to see whether the cop21 resolution signed in paris last december could indeed be followed by real changes , so that the promise of only +2 degrees by the end of this century could be met . 
  ( spoilers : very unlikely ) . 
  among many other things , they detailed how eu `` permits to pollute '' have helped big companies to make millions of euro , by polluting . 
  ( companies are given a generous limit of co2 emissions for each of their polluting sites -  they pollute a lot , but less than the limit -  they fucking sell their permits to pollute to other companies who need them -  they do n't pay a single cent for polluting : on the contrary they make millions of euro each year thanks to this eu made `` green bubble '' !, 
  clap clap clap ... ) - ** a video shows the inhumane conditions in a french poultry farm ** . 
  this is not the first video to surface thanks to association `` l214 '' ( named after an article of the french law which states that `` since animals are sensible beings , they deserve conditions which are compatible with the biological requirements of their species '' . ), 
  they already managed to film inside a slaughter house ( that was supposed to be one of the best of the country ) to film sheep being roughly mistreated , another one showed similar images with lambs , another one showed chicks suffocating in plastic bags etc. . . [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/6ajfhzdjrzc?t=1m5s ) . 
  ( if you can handle it , watch [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/lzvss17ptze?t=18s ) too ) . 
  - ** 11 people ( mostly children ) have been struck by lightning in a parisian park yesterday . 
  no one died . 
  ** they were having a birthday party when it started to rain very heavily , they went under a tree where they got struck by lightning . 
  luckily , an off duty fireman immediately performed a cardiac massage to the one kid whose heart had stopped . 
  this kid is still in serious condition and 3 others have been quite seriously injured but their lives are n't in danger anymore . 
  in total 11 people , including 8 kids , have been injured . 
  normally the park is closed whenever there is a weather forecast alert , but it seems that they were only expecting heavy rain : the region had been placed on a stage 2 alert ( stage 3 is when they close the parks ) . 
  it happened very quickly which probably explains why people did n't have time to react . 
  i just heard something similar happened in germany during a football game . 
  - ** zinedine zidane becomes the first french football player to win the european champions league as a player and as a coach . 
  ** since real madrid won yesterday against atletico madrid . 
  i guess i just like to go back on the news of the week and give my opinion on it while i 'm explaining . 
  hence why i ca n't seem to make it shorter , but each week i try  ( ` sad ' thing is it 's true : each week i 'm like `` okay , so i 'll post on this thread , but this time i 'll make it short otherwise no one will read it entirely . '',
