  this led to quite violent protests in corsica : hundreds of students protesting against the racist attitude of the police . 
  an investigation has been launched . 
  ( the corsican independentists have gained electoral weight in the last regional elections . 
  new regional political reprentatives defend the football supporters , but have asked them to stop the violence ) . 
  - ** a teacher is suspected of pedophilia ... he had been condemned in the uk in 2006 for the same reasons but was allowed to teach in france because a `` commission '' unanimously gave him the benefice of the doubt ( ... 
  i know ) in 2007 . 
  ** apparently someone found a phone in the street , with hundreds of pedo-pornographic images on it , including the sexual assault or rape of a 10 year-old boy . 
  he brought the phone to the police and they identified the teacher . 
  the victim is not one of his students , but they are investigating to see if he also committed any crime inside the school . 
  last year , several cases of pedophile teachers occurred : the education minister promised all records would be checked to make sure that does n't happen again . 
  apparently it takes time . 
  - ** 3 months after the attacks in paris , eagles of death metal played a concert at the olympia for the survivors and families of the victims . 
  ** it went well . 
  i think that 's it . 
  well idk . 
  honestly , i would need a video reconstruction to picture how it 's possible but yes : that night , there was a raid against this terrorist cell in saint-denis . 
  it lasted hours and hours . 
  we could hear thousands of munitions and at some point suicide vests exploding . 
  in the morning it was finally over and the police/swat teams executives were very proud to report to our defense minister that they managed to neutralize them , after the terrorists shot thousands of munitions at them . 
  the minister congratulated them , of course , and - since in this day and age he is forced to talk to the media immediately , especially after such a night - he told the same narrative to the journalists and french people `` our armed forces fought all night and were very brave : the terrorists were very determined and shot several thousands munitions at our men , we sadly lost a dog , etc. . . '' . 
  quite quickly some journalists expressed doubts since the weapons had not been found afterwards !, 
  and so this week , the official report on what happened that night finally surfaced and indeed : the terrorists only shot about 10 times . 
  i ca n't remember exactly how many guns/weapons they retrieved in the flat aftewards ( i would have to check the articles ) but apart from suicide vests there was almost nothing . 
  the thousands of munitions were exchanged by different swat teams , who thought they were getting shot at by the terrorists . 
  that 's pretty much all i can offer , i ca n't even actually picture it myself . 
  but it 's true , it 's from an official report . 
  they were tipped off by this woman who knew abaaoud 's cousin and told the police where the terrorists were hidden . 
  so the swat tems had to act very quickly , because they knew they had other attacks planned . 
  the police had very little time to prepare their assault/raid , which explains this `` crazy '' outcome . 
  they were scared , which is understandable . 
  and even if they are highly trained men , they fucked up , they were not prepared enough , idk . 
  they did succeed , that 's all that matters . 
  but it 's a very weird piece of information nonetheless . 
  ** france ** : - ** the debate about the constitutional reform finally started at the national assembly . 
  ** ** since it kept changing , people have trouble keeping up-to-date . 
  the result is not good for the government and for politics in general : it feels like a total mess . 
  ** * you do n't know what i 'm talking about ? 
  * the constitutional reform , announced by hollande before the congress , 3 days after the november attacks . 
  there are 2 articles : - putting the `` state of emergency '' inside the constitution . 
  - depriving people convicted of terrorist crimes or offenses of their citizenship . 
  our minister of justice , christiane taubira , resigned last week because of this . 
  she published a book this week to explain her reasoning . 
  the deprivation of citizenship measure has led to very important debates in the past months ( even though according to the surveys , french people are massively in favour ... ^ but ^ do ^ they ^ really ^ all ^ get ^ it ? ), 
  this is a measure that historically comes from the far-right . 
  the right also asked for it more recently . 
  hollande felt like he politically had no other choice but to open the debate about this , in order not to let the right-wingers win too much space in the public debate after the terrorist attacks . 
  so at first , the right-wing representatives were in favour of this measure , they were supposed to vote for it . 
  but after many changes made by the government , trying to please both the right and the left , it seems that many people are now opposed to voting it . 
  today it 's difficult to say whether it will pass or not ( some representatives on the left are openly saying they will vote against it , like they always said . 
  on the right however , it seems like a good portion of our representatives are keeping their choice a mystery . 
  we will know in a few days . 
  after the assembly , will come the debate and vote at the senate ) . 
  ( i did my best , ask questions if you do n't get it or if you want to know more . 
  it 's complicated ) . 
  - ** unemployment benefits could be diminished : the longer you are unemployed , the less you receive ** . 
  although a previous experiment in 1 region of france concluded that it actually had the opposite result ( than what 's being boasted ) : unemployed people took more time finding a job . 
  - ** farmers are still protesting . 
  ** you know the deal : competition inside the eu , with other countries employing ~ ~ slaves ~ ~ people and paying them ~ ~ nothing ~ ~ very little . 
  and big supermarkets forcing farmers to lower their price . 
  - ** there was a documentary about pesticides on tv : the minister announced the use of pesticides would decrease by half in 2025 + a particularly dangerous pesticide would be banned by the end of this year . 
  ** `` cash investigation '' is the name of this pretty good tv program , that every 3 months or so investigates one interesting politico-economic issue . 
  this week it was about agricultural pesticides and , as you can imagine , it was pretty worrying . 
  the agriculture minister promised these 2 things . 
  it seems pretty optimistic but we 'll see ... - ** the woman who alerted the secret services in november , about where terrorist abdelhamid abaaoud was hiding , gave an interview . 
  ** she was friends with abbaoud 's cousin ( hasna a\u00eftboulahcen , you know the one who at first was said to be a female suicide bomber ) . 
  she was with her when hasna a\u00eftboulahcen received a call from abbaoud , asking her to find him a place to hide . 
  the two women then picked him up and this woman was able to ask him questions , before alerting the police , helping the swat teams raid the place and kill the last terrorist who were still alive . 
  ( well , except salah abdeslam : we still do n't know where he is btw ) . 
  so she revealed that : when she asked him if he took part in the attacks that killed 130 innocents , he was very proud to answer yes , he said it like he would tell about his last grocery shopping . 
  when she asked him how he came back from syria , he said they entered easily , a group of 90 , including syrians , irakis , french , germans , british ... all spread around paris . 
  he planned on more attacks : against a mall , a police station and a nursery . 
  this woman also explained that since she helped stop these terrorists , she has received very little support from the state , and lives in fear . 
  ( our laws to help and protect such people are very inferior to those of other countries , like the us or the uk ) . 
  this testimony also worried and angered the defense ministry , because these crucial pieces of information were supposed to remain secret . 
  ** we also learned more about the raid on the saint denis flat , in which abaaoud and his cousin were killed : the police lied . 
  ** remember this raid in the middle of the night ? 
  that lasted hours ? 
  ( at first all the media were saying that hasna a\u00eftboulahcen detonated a suicide bomb . 
  this was quickly corrected at the time : she got shot by the police/swat team . ), 
  but the police and the defense minister also said at the time that they exchanged thousands of munitions with the terrorists . 
  well actually the terrorists only fired 10 times : the thousands of munitions were exchanged between swat teams . 
  - ** a cabinet reshuffle is going to take place very soon : famous ecologist nicolas hulot refuses minister of the environment . 
  ** our foreign affairs minister , laurent fabius , is also going to be replaced ( he is tired , because he 's old and also possibly ill : rumors , we do n't actually know for sure ) . 
  other ministers may leave too . 
  this is hollande 's last year : he is trying to appoint new people in order to prepare the best he can for the upcoming presidential campaign . 
  but things are n't looking very bright . 
  - ** raul castro visited . 
  ** it was quite a long visit ( 4 or 5 days in total i think ? ), 
  and we really treated him like a prince , although hollande said during his campaign he did not think a president should greet dictators ( like sarkozy did ) . 
  - ** shots were fired on a kebab and a butcher 's shop in corsica . 
  middle of the night : no one injured . 
  ** petty racist crime is the most plausible motive . 
  - ** a spelling reform was widely commented . 
  ** it 's a reform recommended by the french academy in 1990 . 
  it 's going to be applied in september . 
  and people talked about it a lot !, 
  basically a thousand word or so are going to be simplified . 
  but , of course , previous spellings wo n't be sanctioned . 
  - ** the national front is currently having meetings to discuss the party 's strategy for the presidential campaign ** . 
  we did n't hear much about it , and they did n't openly talk to the medias but it seems that there are intense debates about whether or not leaving the eu should be part of their program .
