  i fail each time . 
  so much stuff happening ! ), 
  well i 'm not going to poland anytime soon ... scary place . 
  ... but , you seem to have a great sense of humor , that was a very fun read . 
  cons : polish people are scary . 
  pros : polish people seem very funny . 
  ** france ** : - ** paris-cairo plane crash . 
  ** it 's all over the news : no need for me to add anything , we 'll see what it was . 
  15 of the 66 victims were french . 
  --------------------------------------------------------- - ** protests against the labour law continue & get more attention from the media and politicians now that it 's turning more violent . 
  ** quick recap if you need it : a labour reform was announced roughly 3 months ago . 
  it is very unpopular ( 70 % of the french are against it - according to a poll conducted at that time ) . 
  people protested in the streets and the nuit debout movement emerged . 
  the bill was passed in the national assembly last week , using a special article of the constitution to bypass the parliamentary vote . 
  this made people even more angry ( 75 % opposed to the use of this `` 49-3 '' article - according to a poll conducted last week ) . 
  protests and strikes continued this week . 
  - ** this was combined with a protest from the police on wednesday : they were protesting against `` anti cop-hate '' . 
  a policeman and policewoman were attacked in their car . 
  ** - they were protesting to gather attention towards the increasing `` hate '' they received in the past weeks , during this social movement ( which contrats very much with the `` love '' they appreciated to see last year , after the charlie hebdo attack ) . 
  - however , french people keep liking their cops ( i think i heard a poll : 80 % of the french are very supportive ) . 
  it 's only a minority of protesters who are coming to the protests to create chaos and directly fight them . 
  - this protest was organized by the first of the police unions : which is very right-wing . 
  national front politicians came to support them . 
  they decided to organize it on republic square = where the nuit debout movement `` headquarters '' are . 
  they chose a day which may not be a coincidence : exactly one year ago it was [ the end of the trial of the ( only ) two cops ( tried ) over the deaths of zyed and bouna ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32778505 ) ( the 2 teenagers who ran from the police although they had done nothing wrong and died in a power substation , leading to protests in the suburbs in 2005 ) --  the cops were acquitted . 
  - near this cop protest , a policeman & policewoman were just patrolling normally when their car was attacked by a group of radical protesters who smashed the car and then hit the man when he got out of the car . 
  the 2 then escaped and were safe . 
  their car was burned . 
  5 people were arrested and presented to a judge , but we do n't know if they are the ones who did it ( out of the many present , because they were hiding their faces ) . 
  this episode got a massive coverage ( of course , it 's shocking , not saying it is n't at all , but ya know , let 's keep in mind this is a minority and not send millions of cameras only when there is blood - figure of speech , the brave and very muscular policeman did n't get severely injured , ` only ' received a few punches from a man with some kind of iron/aluminium thingy ) . 
  - ` regular ' protesters ( and even cops , affiliated with another union than the ones which organized the `` anti cop-hate '' protest ) have been complaining about the maneer the recent social movement has been fought by the police . 
  they are saying there is more police violence than before , that peaceful protesters are often encircled by the police which causes more tension and danger , especially when police grenades are thrown at them ( often not in their feet like how it 's supposed to be , but higher which is more dangerous ) . 
  and they also complain about the heavy use of tear gas ( a more stinging kind than before ) . 
  un expressed concerns over incresing police brutality in france . 
  - the government keeps saying that they will not retreat , that the law will be definitely passed . 
  - ** new : oil refineries and oil depots are now strinking , not causing a real shortage yet , but it might come . 
  ** - so until now : the protests had been clearly more important than all the other previous social protests we 've had in recent years . 
  but since french people had almost stopped protesting ( being disillusionned and apathetic as a result of an increasing disappointment and distrust in politics ) , even if it was bigger ... it did not seem big enough to make the government back down . 
  - recently , especially after the use of this ` special '' `` 49-3 '' article to bypass the parliamentary vote , strikes are becoming more radical it seems . 
  truck drivers and dockers have been striking this week , causing a bit more disruption than in the previous weeks . 
  and , new : some oil refineries and oil depots are stopping their activities in the west of the country . 
  there is no shortage just yet but it 's programmed to continue this week so we 'll see . 
  ( i actually live in this part of france and i get the feeling the media coverage is minimizing the situation : according to them , 20 % of the stations are affected . 
  well , from what i 've seen , it 's clearly more . 
  i do n't want to jump on the `` conspiracy of the media '' trainwagon , but i 'm skeptical . 
  anyway , the police have come to several depots to open them again , some were shut down again , some not , the police came back ... 
  i ca n't tell you what the situation is going to be like in the next days , or if other workers will join the `` convergence of the struggles '' ) . 
  ------------------------------------------------------ - ** salah abdeslam had a meeting with a judge : he refused to speak . 
  ** his lawyer had assured us ( a few weeks ago , when he got transferred from belgium ) that his client was willing to cooperate with the justice and answer all the questions . 
  apparently he changed his mind . 
  - ** french security chief warns about the high probability of future attacks in france very soon . 
  ** he was interviewed by a parliamentary committee ( launched after the terrorists attacks and charged of consulting basically every field affected by this issue - victims , medical staff , geopolitical experts , experts on islamist organizations ... ) . 
  so yeah , he said ( again ) that isis is a big threat and that we have to be aware ( so that we can be as prepared as possible ) that future attacks will come . 
  the euro football championship is starting in 20 days . 
  high security measures are planned ( duh ) . 
  rolland garros is starting today and the tour de france will probably be difficult to manage for security staff this summer . 
  - ** eagles of death metal concert at a french parisian festival this summer was canceled , because of recent stupid ( read offensive ) comments made by the singer . 
  ** i ca n't be bothered , there was a thread here very recently . 
  so google it . 
  - ** reality tv celebrity nabilla trial . 
  ** this got very little attention ( contrary to what i expected ) but i 'll share . 
  nabilla ( who became famous because she 's some kind of french kardashian ... ) stabbed her boyfriend with a knife a few years ago now . 
  she did n't injure him severely and he did n't want to press charges , they are still together ( but still , of course , very very wrong ) . 
  her trial was this week . 
  that 's it  ( i thought journalists would cover it way more , since it was big when it happened , but it seems her career is over and very few people care anymore ) . 
  france : ( reposting this cause it got deleted , i assume it 's because i used the `` n-word '' : edited ) . 
  - ** the labour reform bill ( that has caused so much controversy during the past 2/3 months ) was passed in the national assembly , without parliamentary approval . 
  protests ensued . 
  ** the government used a special article of the constitution ( 49-3 ) : it allows them to force through a bill , even if there are n't enough mps to vote it . 
  it is not over though : the bill now has to go to the senate , where the majority is right-wing . 
  senators will suggest modifications and the bill will come back to the assembly again . 
  pm manuel valls will then probably use article 49-3 again . 
  why were n't there enough mps to vote it ? 
  well ( on top of the opposition from other parties ) they were missing 30/40 votes from socialist deputees . 
  these mps form the vocal minority inside the socialist party who oppose the government 's liberal stance . 
  ( they were threatened to be expelled from the party as a result ... but nothing happened : it 's in no one 's interest to see the party implode a year before crucial elections ... even if it would make sense . ), 
  - ** mp resigns after sexual harrassment allegations . 
  ** 8 women came forward to the press to reveal that ecologist mp denis baupin allegedly sexually harrassed them . 
  he denies all of their accusations and decided to sue . 
  none of the women had reported their allegations to the police and now it 's too late since the facts all occurred more than 3 years ago , which is too late for legal proceedings . 
  but , following the press article this monday , the justice decided to seize itself anyway . 
  the women decided to finally speack out after discovering in march that baupin had had the guts to pose for a campaign about violence against women . 
  ( & even worse : it 's [ a campaign in which men wear lipstick ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/4299012/images/o-baupin-rouge-a-levres-facebook.jpg ) - and high heels i think . 
  it was the 2nd or 3rd time in 2016 that this campaign had been appearing for international women 's day . 
  from the start , feminists had pointed out how stupid it is to disguise themselves with lipstick in order to raise awareness about sexism . 
  the campaign was launched by a man , of course ) . 
  one of the women claims he tried to forcefully kiss her , pushing her against a wall . 
  another one says she received hundreds of sexually explicit text messages even though she had clearly rejected his `` advances '' . 
  another one talks about many similar text messages she allegedly received from him . 
  it appears that pretty much everyone inside the party had heard about the rumors . 
  ( same as for dominique strauss kahn and the socialist party prior to the sofitel case in 2011 ) . 
  some had seen explicit text messages , others had heard one of the alleged victims report the facts to them at the time , and others had heard `` rumors '' but not from the victims themselves . 
  several of the women said , had they known they were n't the only one , they would have dared to go to the police , but they all explained it 's still very difficult for women to speak out , because they do n't want to be perceived as victims , or worse to be singled out and be accused of weakening their party by causing a controversy . 
  several said they felt guilty of not speaking out before . 
  one year ago , 40 french female journalists had signed an open letter on this issue : without giving any name they described several events that had happened to them in their daily work days with male politicians . 
  we now know that denis baupin was one of them , but the letter stressed that there are individuals behaving that way in all parties and at all positions of power ( not just the more powerful ones ) . 
  this reopened the debate on sexism and sexual harassment : it was much much less ugly than 5 years ago ( with dsk ) which is a good thing ( but 1 - we again heard stupid sexist comments 2 - i ca n't help but wonder if the fact that nafissatou diallo being a poor black woman and these 8 women being white politicians has something to do with it ... ... ) ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- - ** a young woman committed suicide live on periscope . 
  ** she said the reason for doing so was because her ex-boyfriend had raped her , filmed it on his phone and sent the snapchat video to his friends . 
  as far as i know we do n't know yet if this is true , the police was trying to get a hand on said video ( rape one ) but it was complicated ... 
  the woman went on periscope 5 times during the day , telling her audience that she was about to do something shocking , to watch the news later on .
