  you definitely have to check sarkozy 's history ( good luck , there 's a lot to say ) in order to understand current french politics . 
  bruno le maire is 3rd and - according to many journalists - he could gain more weight in the next months ( but i 'm personally not so sure ) . 
  there are * lots * of other important ones in `` les r\u00e9publicains '' , many candidates to the primary you 'll hear about and who are always very active in the media . 
  but it will take you hours !, 
  i think charles de gaulle still is important today cause many still drop his name constantly . 
  on the `` left '' , * hollande * wants to be reelected . 
  his pm * manuel valls * also has high ambitions and has been * the * key politician recently i would say . 
  ( i mentioned the rising figure of emmanuel macron on another comment below ) . 
  and on the left side of the socialist party ... it 's all a big mess : * martine aubry * is important ( but we still do n't know if she will take part in national politics again ) . 
  * christiane taubira * was also important in the last years ( but same : maybe she wo n't come back to take an important part in the future ) . 
  then there are lots of others but no one emerges as credible/motivated enough or with enough supporters ( arnaud montebourg , benoit hamon ... ) in the green party eelv , it 's a big mess . 
  i 'll give just one name : * c\u00e9cile duflot . 
  nicolas hulot * ( who is not a professional politician and who worked with hollande but is very much liked by the ecologists , the center and pretty much all french people ) could be important in the near future ( again : does he want to take part ? ), 
  on the far-left : * jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon * 's candidacy was important in the 2012 ( but his popularity decreased ) . 
  there are lots of others in other far-left parties ( olivier besancenot for instance ) , but they do n't get many votes . 
  on the far-right , * marine le pen * obviously . 
  and also marion mar\u00e9chal le pen ( her young niece ) and * florian philippot * ( very mediatic ) . 
  i was about to forget the center : well , not much happening but fran\u00e7ois bayrou used to be quite important . 
  there 's something i do n't quite understand in the article about the brussel attacks . 
  i 'm not sure you know more but i 'll ask :  the minister was also unable to explain why the united states decided to inform the netherlands about the criminal and terrorist backgrounds about el bakraoui and his brother khalid a week before the terrorist attacks in brussels , where both of them blew themselves up . 
  a day later it turned out that this information did not come from the fbi , like van der steur claimed , but from the new york police department . 
  ... why would ( / how come ) the nypd deal with this information ? 
  me too , but all of them ? 
   i 've never heard someone who has this much empathy for terrorists exhibit the same empathy for people who vote far right . 
  really ? 
  wow . 
   this person is saying we must have empathy for this poor boy , and all the terrible things he has seen , boohoohoo , i said he was 14 when his brother brought him to syria to witness his barbaric acts . 
  i was only making a point about the difference between an adult and a child . 
  nowhere did i say empathy should be the only reaction , in fact i started by saying he should be arrested . 
  this is worrying and this teenage boy needs to be caught and put in jail , of course . 
  but remember : he grew up with a fanatic brother who came back to belgium and kidnapped him when he was 14 . 
  imagine what it does to a child when he sees decapited bodies ... behind his older brother 's car . 
  commenters usually have more sympathy towards young african girls who are kidnapped , raped and then forced to blow themselves up . 
  it 's a bit difficult to answer you , honestly . 
  i 'll do my best but i think you and i just disagree . 
  that 's okay . 
   i have n't been able to find any clear thoughts . 
  yeah , as i said , people are first and foremost trying to oppose the labour law but it goes way beyond that : there is an important diversity of opinions . 
  they all are against this specific labour law because it is representative of an economic liberalism doctrine , but this does n't only affect the work environment . 
  and they also oppose the way the government tried to push this law , which was not part of hollande 's program , which is not left-wing , and for which the minister said she would use the `` 49-3 '' amendment even if the parliament refused to vote it . 
  ( she later took this back but still , this is representative of a lack of democracy everybody is fed up , not just these nuit debout protesters ) . 
   i can see hundreds of people having fun , talking , which is great but i would call that a social event , not a protest . 
  well it started as an extension of the protests against the labour law and many people who go on republic square also actively take part in various forms of actions which i would consider forms of protests ( not all of them but many ) . 
  but i would personally call nuit debout a `` social movement '' . 
  you 're right , it 's difficult to name precisely . 
   it 's as if they are protesting against the financial crisis in general and the only way to solve it is to get back to work and stop complaining  the world 's system is work or die . 
   at least the current reforms strive to reduce unemployment and would give us more flexibility to compete over giant economies like china , brazil and india . 
  you 're saying if we just carry on with what we 've done in the past decades , the financial crisis will magically solve itself ? 
  the big banks have been saved by the people 's money and they are now even bigger than they were in 2008 , thus more powerful . 
  i 'm not an expert in economics but many say another financial crisis could happen very soon ( and the supposed `` experts '' did n't see the 2008 one coming so how to trust them if they deny it ? ), 
  what will happen if there 's a new crisis , caused by the american students ' loans bubble ? 
  or something else ? 
  and we ca n't save the banks again ? 
  you 're saying people should stop complaining and accept to work more for less ( again ) cause other countries are more competitive . 
  but do you have any evidence of unemployment really decreasing thanks to these austerity measures ? 
  where do we stop then ? 
  when everyone 's salary is as low as in india , we 'll have to compete against slaves ? 
  in the meantime , big banks and corporations will get even richer and more powerful than they are now and our politicians will be totally unable to have a concrete power to change the system . 
   i guess i find it hypocrit to believe in one 's rights before thinking about one 's duties . 
  uh people are n't saying they do n't want to work anymore . 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you meant there . 
   it 's written no where that france and french people should have privileges over other nations when it comes to how hard/long they need to work . 
  they absolutely never said that . 
  on the contrary , they stress that this is affecting every country in the world and that their movement is not the first and wo n't be the last of its kind . 
  they talk about refugees a lot , about fran\u00e7afrique , about the slave workers who make our clothes and mobile phones in asia ... it 's alreday not easy for them to `` kill '' the french labour law so it would be a bit harsh to ask them to fight all the coporate lobbyists . 
  but that 's what they advocate , our elected politicians are the ones supposed to act . 
   we should be grateful that there is still a health system and a retiring pension , and work hard to keep it that way . 
  as you said yourself , is n't it in danger ? 
  several french nurses and hospital staff have been coming to the nuit debout general assemblies to talk about their degraded conditions and the fact that they have been protesting for a year , without the media and the politics listening . 
   they really could n't care less about our rights ( privileges ) . 
  was it different in 1936 ? 
  who would have thought we could actually win `` privileges '' back then ? 
  abolish children 's work ? 
  reduce the weekly work time ? 
  raise wages ? 
  grant the right to vote to women ? 
  what you 're saying is that we should accept the rules in order to compete against developping countries , so concretely tina : we will have to eventually have children working , 60 hours a week , for 100 euros . 
  i 'd much rather die , thank you . 
  but supportit you want , `` le travail rend libre '' , is n't it ? 
  on all radios and tv channels . 
  - `` speech time '' ( interviews ) : before = strict equality starting 1 month before the 1st round of the election . 
  ( from when all lists ( candidates ) are officially declared ) . 
  now = `` fairness/equity '' rule one month before the 1st round . 
  and then strict equality 2 weeks before the 1st round . 
  ( so 2 weeks of the `` equality '' rule removed ) . 
  `` air time '' ( other types of coverage : reports , etc. . . ) : before = vague `` fainess/equity '' rule 1 month before the 1st round , and then strict equality 2 weeks before the 1st round . 
  ( when the campaign officially starts ) . 
  now = the article i linked is n't clear on this . 
  i ca n't be bothered to search for it , sorry . 
  basically it 's less fair . 
  and we all know the campaign does n't really start just 2 weeks before the 1st round ( official date ) , or even 1 month before ( when candidates officially submit their candidacy ) . 
  it begins months before and the media have all the liberty to give more screen and air time to their favourite politicians ( the ones from the big parties ) . 
  but things are n't regulated on the internet , where many people now go to form an opinion . 
  still , most voters are n't that interested in politics and do n't make an effort to look for other sources than the big tv shows ... 
  i would suggest you listen to what people say in the general assemblies of nuit debout . 
  or what protesters said yesterday while marching against the reform . 
  they talk about all this . 
  jupp\u00e9 was convicted years ago for abuse of public funds but people have already forgotten ( or they think he 's more honest than the others despite this and was the only one convicted although many others were cuprits , which plays in is favour ... ) ( in france , we have many politicians who have been suspected - but never got convicted because of not enough evidence although it 's clear they were guilty - and who are still here , active . 
  it 's really a french thing , people keep electing them ... it 's sad . 
  sarkozy has several cases against him but his numerous supporters do n't care and say it 's bullshit , manipulations ... ) jupp\u00e9 is right-wing , but at least he is a little bit less racist than the other r\u00e9publicains ( sarkozy really helped the shift towards the national front tendencies when he was president and now most of the right-wing politicians now mostly talk about islam , `` national identity '' , insecurity , terrorism ... ) so jupp\u00e9 appears as a more reasonable and calm politician .
