careful what you wish for ... sarkozy is leaning right . 
  i for sure will not forget that it took them years before finally evicting him while marine le pen was not present to bravely vote . 
  yes . 
  well this is something that we saw coming . 
  it 's done , finally !, 
  we can move on . 
  that 's a good thing , it was becoming quite tiring . 
  still i have to say i agree with a lot of the things he said to defend himself : - marine le pen did not attend this meeting . 
  she 's the president of the party and aspires to be the president of france . 
  she 's been planning this eviction for years and ... when it 's finally time to do it she 's not here . 
  it 's too easy . 
  it does n't really make sense to me . 
  it 's coward imo . 
  ( during the debate about gay marriage , that lasted for months and months , and * is * an important issue ... she refused to give her opinion . 
  well : is she gon na remain silent on all controversial matters ? 
  cause that 's not what i look for in a politician , and that does n't really fit with her : `` i 'm not afraid to tell people what i think , i do n't lie like all the others , i do n't hide any agenda ... '' ) the majority of the front national electors support jean-marie le pen 's eviction : the party asked them a few weeks ago and more than 90 % said they wanted him to leave ... why does n't she have the courage to show up and take part in the decision , why ? 
  the reason is that she wants to keep her image as clean as possible . 
  she wants to appear `` above all this drama '' , presidential , a good candidate for the regional elections in december ... well : whom does she think she 's fooling with this strategy ? 
  it 's not like it 's an anecdotal crisis , it 's been present in the french media for 3 decades !, 
  he 's his father , it 's a politico-familial soap opera in which she 's the leading role !, 
  i just do n't understand how she thinks it does n't make her seem coward . 
  she should have had the balls to openly and proudly say `` yes , finally , after all these years , i know it took me way too long but now i 'm ready to evict him ! '', 
  and hear the vast majority of french people - including her fn supporters - clap !, 
  and take a bow . 
  but no : she did n't choose to do that . 
  - marine le pen knew what the fn represented , which ideas it holds , when she was elected president of the party in 2012 . 
  his `` detail of history '' remark has been reiterated several times in the past 30 years . 
  it was not a surprise . 
  that 's what the party she accepted to run for represents . 
  - jean-marie le pen claims that this vote was not legit : that they did n't even hold a real vote : two members ( the only ones who were in his favour ) say they were not present during the final deliberation . 
  which may lead to another court battle , which he may win again . 
  he says `` it just goes to show how marine le pen keeps on acting the same way , without respecting justice decisions : it gives people a good idea of what she would do if she was leading the country '' . 
  and , even if he 's being dramatic and theatrical , he 's not wrong here either . 
  --------------------------------------------------------------------- so is that finally it or will the soap opera run for another season in september ? 
  at the beginning of september there will be a fn congress in marseille , where jean-marie is popular . 
  he will come , that 's for sure . 
  in december there are regional elections . 
  marine le pen is a candidate is the north : she would like to put an end to all this as quickly as possible so that her campaign is not ` polluted ' . 
  marion mar\u00e9chal le pen - marine 's niece and jean-marie 's granddaughter ` stole ' her granddad 's place in the south , where she is running , instead of him . 
  he criticised her . 
  but he just announced tonight that he wo n't run against her ( it was rumored that he would be an independent candidate and try to ruin her campaign . 
  finally not ) . 
  thank you !, 
  no i 'm glad you told me . 
  my english used to be much better , but i do n't practise anymore and now i do n't even try to proof read my comments anymore , cause i do n't spot where the mistakes are . 
  i used to at least be able to feel when i sounded incorrect . 
  there should be a way to ask for a [ correct my english via pm ] tag on reddit . 
  ( via pm so it does n't interfere with the flow of comments on a thread ) . 
  i do n't know how it was stolen , and this article does n't say it . 
  what i heard on french tv was that they found out it was missing in 2001 ( when they were going through their inventory ) and guessed it was stolen between 97 and 99 . 
  the journalist on tv then went on saying `` i ca n't tell you what happened , we 're not sure yet , but there are theories and it would be dangerous for me to tell you ... we 'll know in a few months '' . 
  [ for people wondering , it was on bfmtv . 
  obvioulsy . 
  ( the guy they always bring in when there 's a terrorist attack or some major crime happening ) . ], 
  so , i have no idea how it was stolen , but le louvre is one of the biggest museums in the world , and it was a picasso . 
  maybe we 'll learn it was stolen due to major security issues , but i assume it was an elaborate plan . 
  it is very weird indeed . 
  what other stolen paintings were you referring to ? 
  i think there was a painting recently found in corsica , but if i remember well it was a private owner who tried to sell it in italy without telling the authorities , who found out anyway . 
  mmm i see . 
  when i was in england , i would secretly laugh when seeing posters inviting people to go to a protest , on a sunday , in london ( i was living 3 hours away from london ) , 5 months later : it does take a lot of work to persuade people to express their opinions . 
  ( it was to protest about the increasing costs of upper education , and more stuff concerning what does n't work so well for teachers ) . 
  it 's true that in france , it does not take months to convince people to go on a strike , in their city , on a weekday . 
  and actually have an influence . 
  yes , they were probably with their older siblings . 
  i did stupid things when i was young too , but we were in a small town : we would steal garden gnomes and destroy corn fields . 
  i 'm going to take that as a joke ... but i genuinely do n't understand it , so maybe you 're serious . 
  are the french/french kids considered to be particularly bad behaved abroad/in britain ? 
  since this made the news it obviously is a `` weird '' one . 
  i was , however , not surprised when i looked at your flag . 
  do you know when the democrats primary will take place ? 
  like , when will we see the first debate between hillary clinton and her opponents ? 
  if you want . 
  i 've read the threads on / r/europe . 
  did n't make me want to participate . 
  surprising . 
  i watched 20 minutes of the debate . 
  could n't go further . 
  what a joke !, 
  for everyone : the hosts , the audience and the candidates . 
  what are the nutella donuts ? 
  is it a new product produced by nutella , or simply a new trend : instead of selling nutella waffles , streetshops now sell donuts ? 
  ** france ** : several news that i would qualify as ` weird ' this week . 
  they are mostly tragic : - ** around 20 kids - aged 5 ( ! ), 
  to 13 - trashed a kindergarden . 
  ** ( [ source ] ( http://www.thelocal.fr/20150803/children-trash-french-kindergarten ) ) . 
  ( took place around 7pm in case you were wondering ) . 
  - ** 4 minors dead and 10 injured in a car crash ... 
  in one car : they were coming back from a party and all 14 of them boarded a citro\u00ebn berlingo . 
  ** ( supposed to accomodate 7 people ) . 
  the driver was 17 . 
  ( it was his dad 's car , who was absent ) . 
  - ** a french couple died on a deadly hike in the new mexico desert . 
  they were with their 9-year-old son , who survived : he was found unconscious , but alive . 
  ** they succumbed to the heat : did n't bring enough water . 
  according to [ this article ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/08/08/french-parents-who-died-on-new-mexico-trail-saved-sons-life-by-giving-him-their-water-sheriff-says/ ) , the parents saved their son 's life by giving him two sips of water for each one they took . 
  - ** a 23 year-old student was found dead in a suitcase : her murderers were inspired by ` breaking bad ' . 
  ** drug trafficking related : the victim owed 6,000 euros , contracted over the course of drug selling . 
  mind you they were not your typical drug dealers : all students in prestigious universities . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.english.rfi.fr/general/20150807-french-student-found-dead-suitcase-breaking-bad-inspired-killing ) if you want the gory details ) .
