you do n't want ours , it is bald . 
  go ask germany for their golden eagle , they 're giving everything away . 
  this is obviously an economics issue . 
  the us has been exporting far too much freedom to sustain it 's current output . 
  drumpf will fix that problem and make america winners again . 
  you europeans and your over indulgence and self-entitlement to freedom !, 
  how dare you , give it back to the us . 
  you 're assuming an outcome that would require far too many positive variables . 
  sadly , all i read was `` meet new russia '' . 
  that 's a reach, 
  that is n't exactly turning out too well for us in the us . 
  we could start with the daily mail . 
  the uk very easily defines sex acts that they ban from pornography , but they ca n't wrap their tiny heads around fascist news propaganda the same way the americans ca n't with fox news . 
  it indeed is , but when it 's a propaganda machine for special interests , then it should be stopped . 
  you do this when you need a strategic science victory in civ . 
  yeah , i kind of hate to agree with the irishman because they 're government is equally guilty of this , but netherlands is just as big of a problem regarding tax havens for multi-nationals harboring taxable $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ . 
  remember that guy verhofstadt is leading the eu in negotiations with the brits , and i read this article as though hollande is coming out just to pound his chest and show how hard line he can be when he knows full well it 's already being handled by guy . 
  more hollande blah blah.i hope for sake of the continued existence of the eu that they do not go easy on the brits . 
  why am i getting this strange vlad the impaler vibe from you ? 
  this is exactly what i pay for in a fine luxury automobile !, 
  these outlooks in such articles are unrealistic based on what has historically been penalized . 
  remember who wears the collar , scottsman . 
  is this the french form of sarcasm ? 
  defending an american chocolate bar ? 
  you are seriously confusing me right now . 
  that sounds like some good old american politics right there !, 
  who is farage ? 
  i 've never heard of him . 
  i 'm guessing he has the charisma of a damp rag . 
  edit : apologies , i should have not used sarcasm without linking to the context of where it stemmed . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byplwi5aqvy - farage calling van rompuy a damp rag . 
  your user name really makes me want to talk about water ownership and access rights . 
  no idea why someone would downvote you for posting an article behind a pay wall . 
  ach du lieber , i am assimilating !, 
  i find it difficult to understand a justification for abolishing religiously symbolic garments in the work place , while simultaneously discontinuing the taxation of churches . 
  did you mean to say no garments in work place , and tax church ? 
  maybe they thought she was hot . 
  not in the way she looks , but on a hot summer day , i can see a burkini causing heat stroke . 
  while we 're doing this , let 's discuss k\u00f6ln . 
  a dictatorship only protects itself , not its citizens . 
  real high brow joke you made there . 
  letting millions of people into your country without a long term integration strategy is not good governing , so sigmar is asking business to pick up the pieces ? 
  this will inevitably land on the shoulders of tax payers with no voice to serve their interests . 
  `` corporate sellout , previously known as ireland , sees economic revenues soar . '', 
  there it is , the canadian insult !, 
  my feelings have been mildly disturbed . 
  my wife would say no , but i do not agree with her . 
  i feel the need to disagree with you . 
  i 'm not sure why . 
  this seems more like politicking to me than anything . 
  1 shipping freighter is about the pollution of roughly 50 million cars , but i highly doubt paris will stop importing goods to protect the environment . 
  real measures should be taken to improve environmental protections , they instead seem to go after those who ca n't defend against legislation . 
  the average in the us is 64 per year killed by felonious means . 
  that 's 64 deaths serving a population of 330 million . 
  finland has had 3 felonious deaths in 20 years while serving 5 million population . 
  it comes out to something like 0.000019 % deaths per citizen per year for the us and 0.000003 % per citizen per year for finland over a 20 year time span . 
  the death toll is marginal for both nations . 
  even what was listed by / u/low _ discrepancy shows a low death toll by actual citizen violence vs police force in france . 
  living in chicago , as i do , you 're more likely to be violently killed as a private citizen than if you were a police officer . 
  they have a nice story going for them . 
  i hope you used a proxy to post that ... 
  hurba gurba blurga durga i am donald , i have opinions on things hurba durga blurga . 
  sorry , i really hate that man . 
  i will never forget flight 17 . 
  just tossing on the base coat my friend . 
  one step at a time . 
  god dammit ... not again . 
  i take it you 've not yet met jennifer ? 
  is russia european ? 
  well you downvote all my comments and you 're a russian on an american website in a european subreddit . 
  you 're bullshit . 
  how much are you paid to spread this bullshit ? 
  obama is great . 
  trump is a piece of shit , he 's not good for the world , not even for russia . 
  at least i can call him a piece of shit and not get in trouble for it ... yet . 
  from my understanding , that 's true . 
  however the concern of censorship is pretty high when it 's not on the individual level . 
  how 's that free speech in russia going for you ? 
  i said exactly what i meant . 
  you need to go self reflect on being judgmental on how you see whatever generation you 're calling young . 
  you do n't even know how old u/marcusluty is , yet you took the opportunity to call all young people intolerant . 
  i 'm not taking a piss at you brother , just trying to point out that you might not realize you 're being hypocritical . 
  you just judged an entire age range called `` young '' and said they 're not tolerant . 
  let 's take this moment to do some self reflecting . 
  this guy was all sorts of confused . 
  says the little child behind their computer . 
  type harder so we can hear your threatening clack clack clack . 
  it 's not wise to underestimate the russians , and their intent , that much . 
  i may have missed this , but what does europe think about being in a relationship with someone from india ? 
  i saw the asian one earlier , but i 'm seeking more specificity around this trend . 
  stop posting this stuff , it 's just increasing the refugee problem in the west !, 
  / s i 'll see myself out . 
  oh , thank you . 
  i will sleep well tonight knowing that `` it is '' . 
  gosh ... i wish america was like this towards their cheating businesses . 
  brexit finally makes sense . 
  you think they are that organized today ? 
  i highly doubt that 's even a concern at this moment . 
  when i look at this i try to think that measuring quantitative efforts in a political environment is only possible in hindsight . 
  it 's purely qualitative during political discourse .
