  omf finlan stop , this is n't healthy, 
  i mean i totally understand and approve hauling tons of cheap stuff to another country but an actual forklift of beer out on the town is something new to me, 
  holy fak, 
  hello, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  yum, 
  calling him simply a russian would imply he does n't belong to estonia which i think is worse . 
  ethnicity and nation are not the same . 
  my body was tense reading the comments before finding yours ... 
  i was all ready to type in all caps, 
  i thought of rolling them up and freezing them but you ca n't do that with vodka either . 
  hsssssssss ... hssssssssssss ... ... 
  d e s i g n a t e d, 
  wait ... 
  what ?? 
  where do they poop ? 
  absolutely beautiful, 
  they are not that kind of russian friends , bub . 
   mostly as someone with gay russian friends , closely following lgbt situation in russia and hating the russian government ... this is incomparable and frankly insulting . 
  he 's a fine-ass looking man , i like his name and the wikipedia description seems fine , so it 's not the worst thing in the world ? 
  me too , is this supposed to be a good thing ? 
  how many guys have you even had sex with ? 
  there 's nothing numb about them . 
  i 'm learning it now in order to read skincare product reviews and this one obscure russian book i have ... not exactly bursting with overwhelming motivation, 
  they also ca n't say `` germany '' . 
  sounds like [ rimworld ] ( https://i.imgur.com/5gtk2dz.png ) [ surgery ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rimworld/comments/4f8zgd/surgery_failures_are_ridiculus/ ), 
  they take wine in their mouth before . 
  i just wonder why those little houses and not something bigger !, 
  maybe this is the reason chrushchovkas often have random assorted country houses in the yard ? 
  karl-marx-allee is one of the most beautiful streets i 've seen . 
  well that escalated quickly, 
  i did n't know that , why did they build them ? 
  haha , it 's just a funny story to tell !, 
  no one 's going to start wearing full-body suits in 36c just for your personal pleasure , 
  yeah , it 's a great place to cool down and it 's not like anyone cares enough to say anything ... normal t-shirts and shorts are n't very provocative , i 'm not talking about booty shorts . 
  we have churches in lithuania , you know . 
  not where i come from !, 
  i also saw shorts and miniskirts in tel aviv synagogues on yom kippur , they are truly godless . 
  dunno , she only told me after vacation . 
  she said the church was empty and an old guy ran yelling after her trying to hit her with the stick . 
  my friend was once chased out with a big stick from a croatian church for wearing shorts . 
  you do n't ?? 
  you commented elsewhere and stated it as fact , so i wanted to interject an opposing view . 
  a lot of the men that are 10/10 for me seem totally ugly to my friends , and vice versa . 
  uh , please do n't generalize about women , my experiences are completely different . 
  it was banned, 
  only a few toddler heads smashed in to get there, 
  i thought towel heating was a northern thing , otherwise they 'd stay wet for 9 months at a time ? 
  how do you dry your hair or heat your towels ? 
  fun fact : only day you ca n't buy alcohol in lithuania is knowledge day , start of the school year . 
  i see you have n't heard about springtime in germany . 
  what 's cheap in lithuania ? 
  i was in a sauna in a public pool and parties . 
  mixed gender , everyone wears swimsuits after taking a shower , then jumps in the pool . 
  `` lithuania , what continent is that on ? '', 
  he was spanish . 
  that 's really trendy in berlin though, 
  i think many people you talk to might be interested to learn your story , even if they `` dislike immigrants '' . 
  you may get abuse on the street but seems like you would integrate well into middle-class society . 
  the nordic estonian, 
  well i do n't exactly come from a village on a mountain , but we might have different opinions on what constitutes a `` view '' ? 
  lithuanians do, 
  such spoiled kids , back in the day i had to build my own plasticine figurines with penises and vaginas and make them have sex, 
  honestly i can not think of many places that even give a view on berlin , only kreuzberg ? 
  this city is flat af, 
  i was in north italy in the winter and it was great , very mild weather and bright days , plus no tourists so we could wander all across venice without meeting many other people , and the food prices were good . 
  amsterdam on christmas was literally the most depressing place i 've ever seen . 
  germany in winter can be eh , depending on the place ... christmas markets are cozy but i 'd advise against going anywhere far just for a christmas market - they 're in every town , sometimes multiple , and i have n't noticed much of a difference . 
  i was at mauerpark and literally could n't see any fireworks because the smoke was immediate , and my friends in kreuzberg saw people shooting actual guns into the air . 
  another time was at a roof apartment with a terrace and we could barely even see anything from there because it 's so flat . 
  very disappointed with berlin silvester tbh , i 've had a better one in every single other city . 
  well , db once broke down on me at about 8 pm and very helpfully provided a bus into a buttfuck nowhere village that was nowhere near the continuation of the line and only had a couple trains into random regions ( without a railway map ) so my group had to overnight outside until morning and then pay for new tickets because `` lololol it 's already tomorrow '' . 
  why ? 
  why bring us to that particular village and not a real railway station ? 
  this is the stupidest story i remember but i sure had fun on those german trains, 
   drei bis f\u00fcnf minuten im anspruch lololo sure thing this is madness , between this and the mandatory health insurance price i 'm not sure i want to live here anymore, 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  i do n't know , his whole manner , justice-seeking and openheartedness reminded me of the germans i know , granted most i know are in rheinland-pfalz ... 
  what the hell was in it ? 
  i thought he made a magnificent german, 
  did you know that to activate a sim card in germany since july , you have to register at the post office or by a video call which does n't work ? 
  i still ca n't believe what the fuck is going on , thankfully i got one for twenty five fucking euros a month and the saleswoman had direct access to the authorities or something so it only took half an hour after providing a passport and address . 
  signing a two-year contract took 10 minutes in lithuania . 
  is this experience normal or are my berlin friends just missing some stupidly obvious loophole ? 
  i have a church tower right outside my current bathroom window . 
  i often wonder if there 's a hunchback up there sometimes at night watching me , it really livens up the process . 
  i took several trains in italy and every single one was better than any of my shitty experiences with deutsche bahn . 
  my italian friends were visibly frustrating after their hours of complaining about italian trains . 
  rofl you should try a lithuanian flight once, 
  dat `` i want to see the manager '' haircut, 
  i 'd say two kids from the people i know , but the retriever is a must . 
  my sister also used to have organic catfish delivered to her house . 
  i do read about such heroes in newspapers and news sites , it 's all very strange, 
  donuts and burgers are a hugely trendy hipster food for the last few years . 
  donuts everywhere . 
  also i recently saw a unicorn latte being advertised . 
  oh my fucking god , they actually do that ? 
  people here would mock them till they cry . 
  our stores advertise `` black friday '' sales like four times a year , giving like 6.66 % discounts and making some confused edgy event out of it . 
  i do n't think anyone knows what black friday is except `` shopping holiday '',
