  happy whatever birthday to us !, 
  we celebrated by going to ikea . 
  there were a lot of people there . 
  oh , such a perfect day ... 
  they must be hiding it from us . 
  as always . 
  our culture is * very * different from southeastern europe too . 
  source : dated southeasterner , glad to get out alive, 
  oh ffffffffffffffffffff they put `` oriental prussia 's '' label on top of lithuania . 
  portuguese people are the worst :( ( (, 
  they started showing home alone like three weeks before xmas here for some reason , i 'm jealous of that varied programme, 
  yep , she said the same things but that her family would still watch it for some reason . 
  maybe they had nothing else to do , you know like when you 're eating twenty four dishes with your relatives and have run out of political topics to discuss . 
  when i was a little kid , i was reading a teenage girls ' magazine with humorous advice on gifts to get for your friends and family . 
  `` for your little relatives in romania , get a school desk that converts into a coffin !, 
  because so many kids were infected with hiv by dirty needles , this practical gift is very popular and will surely be appreciated ! '', 
  is it true , like my romanian neighbor told me , that you watch ceaucescu 's execution as a traditional christmas movie ? 
  when i think of romania of that time i think of starving orphans and little kids with aids . 
  not very enticing, 
  commenting to remember this because need to sleep . 
  interesting proposal , my head is full of duck . 
  how does it feel ?? 
  i 've only experienced 39 , it was actually pretty nice, 
  put some ice cubes in front of them . 
  so i 've been living the perfect lifestyle all along . 
  that sounds like a sign of the end of days, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  the heatwave has arrived in lithuania at 26 degrees , which is the official cutoff for `` too hot '' . 
  i listened to a half hour radio show about the heat while shopping , panicked and bought five summer dresses . 
  the temptation to shave my head is overwhelming but i must prevail , because a burned scalp is not cool . 
  it is . 
  proud lithuanian ancestors would freeze in winter and die of heat in summer while working for stalin . 
  well ... what do you expect when you live in northern sweden ? 
  ohhh sorry my bad , a misunderstanding . 
  can you do anything at that kind of temperature ? 
  wonderful , now you have a refugee problem too . 
  you have a scotland flag and said `` here '', 
  cause you said that poles in uk are better than poles in poland ... 
  i do n't know why either ? 
  what are we on aboot, 
  you sound lithuanian . 
  i mean immigrants to uk are largely not the cream of the crop of our society ( i have polish family who work in the uk as well ), 
  this is an excellent contrast between pale olive and pale warm skin . 
  i must spam this on makeup subreddits . 
  w. . . what ? 
  that 's ... very complicated ... we just know cheese also wtf is tea butter ? 
  we have similar ones in lt. 
  it 's interesting because vegetables , drinks and other goods are from russia or belarus . 
  i wonder why they import so much dairy , would n't they have more fields for cattle ? 
  yeah i did n't claim that you 'd get especially serious meningitis but i 'm not about to test how bad gets by going around with a splitting headache from freezing my head . 
  what is 100f ? 
  our reduced fat is 64 , what is your full fat ? 
  meningitis is an inflammation of the brain and spine membranes , any kind of microorganism can infect them like hiv , tuberculosis or herpes . 
  there is n't a comprehensive meningococcus vaccine either . 
  i do n't take the cold head -  meningitis theory very seriously but it 's possible that getting too cold and immune-deficient may provide chances for opportunistic pathogens . 
  ... against meningitis ? 
  bell 's palsy is linked to drafts as a cold current of air can cool down bodyparts lowering their immune defences , allowing the dormant herpes simplex virus to cause neural inflammation . 
  it 's really not a stretch . 
  i 've never gotten nerve inflammation but i did get strep throat right after spending hours at an open window , only on the side of the window . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'm not gon na let my neck get icy again . 
  in lithuania , people care a bit but they recently stopped closing bus windows during heat , maybe because soviet grandmas are dying out . 
  my sister is a bit psycho about it though , i think it 's much better for children to get a little breeze than grow up in a sweaty hothouse . 
  you 'll get meningitis, 
  [ holy shit ] ( https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtp1/t31.0-8/11062151_946765218679017_3294388845605921814_o.jpg?efg=eyjpijoidcj9 ), 
  thank you !, 
  how odd , 72 percent butter, 
  it seems they imported a lot of cheese for some reason , in germany i always saw lithuanian cheese with russian labels in russian food stores and sections , and our dairy producers went apeshit at the sanctions . 
  did n't lower any prices domestically though !, 
  wow, 
  i want to get off mr tsipras ' wild ride, 
  i just thought that rent was much higher in greece than lithuania , but that seems pretty similar to me ... we rented out our three rooms ( no extra kitchen ) for about 400 years ago , and that 's low because it was mom 's boss . 
  i do n't get these things . 
  \\  small, 
  warm milk coffee with breakfast makes me sleepy , i prefer to relax with it in the afternoon . 
  i also like to eat real food for breakfast so a latte is n't necessary . 
  they acted like it was serious and would n't let me get a latte ; _ ;, 
  why do you guys even care though , really ? 
  it 's like ... not even a joke, 
  i asked for a latte with liqueur in the evening . 
  my companions acted like i just challenged the barista to a knife fight, 
  i 've never eaten nordic food but lithuanian seems a bit better than what i had in poland or polish restaurants ( kinda similar but subtle differences ) . 
  perhaps small sample size . 
  it also satisfied friends from the mediterranean coast who are otherwise impossible to please , so i guess there 's worse in the world . 
  wow !, 
  really ? 
  i really want to try this next time i have an emergency !, 
   cuisine aw , you think we have good food ? 
  no , where i live is pretty hilly, 
  i 'm not sure they would have done the taxi for fifteen students with `` sch\u00f6nes wochenende '' tickets . 
  there was a fuckup , they put us on a bus and we 're like yay , we 're going home !, 
  only to be dropped off in some village whose name we ca n't even find out and frantically try to find a familiar-sounding train direction to board from the dark empty station because this place does n't even have sitting benches . 
  then we had to buy new tickets to get home in the morning . 
  i guess i ca n't expect much for the price but it just baffles me that these things happen so often - there 's always some strike , employees on vacation , broken tracks , late trains and whatever . 
  also the motherfuckers shut down their paper cash ticket machines when striking in berlin so i could n't buy one , got a fine from the bvg ( no one currs !, 
  fuck you and your broken machines ) , paid it and they 're sending me a notice to pay it again this time with lawyer fees . 
  i just ca n't . 
  maybe there 's nothing `` wrong '' with the system but it just adds up to be super unlucky and unpleasant for me . 
  yeah , also , the trains ... people back home questioned me on german punctuality and trains for some reason .
