is n't hollande a german teacher though ? 
  does he absolutely need english ? 
  hey , i do n't know ... wait , no . 
  i kind of knew my great uncle ... 
  i guess ... shit . 
  sure , if you give us the money to care for them . 
  they 'll run away as soon as possible anyway . 
  ^ ( [ by whom ? ] ), 
  are we allowed to call them that now ? 
  great . 
  when i found out what salad olivier used to be i almost started to cry . 
  it 's a crime . 
  you just look so friendly . 
  ; _ ; that picture makes even the bilingual thing seem cute instead of unbelievably obnoxious . 
  in germany , they do !, 
  i 'm the only lithuanian ever who hates mushrooms although i will pick them , so the only thing i can tell you is - make sure none of them are poisonous , cut em up and throw them in a pan with lots of butter . 
  this year has not been good for mushrooms ( drought ! ), 
  but apples are plentiful . 
  whenever i get a thousand euros :p, 
  the 90s are already here big time , omg i ca n't believe i 'm arguing with a peasant that does n't even know that . 
  / s lol but for real though , i wish lithuanian folk style was a bigger trend . 
  maybe we 'll see it happen . 
  exceptional !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll see if i can maybe find the book at the library . 
  not sure if it 's quite cheap enough for my vision , but i have had clothes made in ukraine , so perhaps !, 
  i think right now the cultural climate is absolutely favorable for such a trend , i 'll try not to get into it but 70s fashion is set to return in a big way and that means folk inspirations and traditional ornaments everywhere , so it 's possible we 'll see a lot of folk-style clothing in the streets in the next few years but none of it will be lithuanian :( shame too , our colors and ornamentation can be quite fresh and unique , uniting the slavic and nordic cultural spheres - think a cross between a ukrainian peasant blouse and norwegian sweater . 
  also i had a friend making something similar but expensive a while ago , she still has a job so i guess there is some demand, 
  if it 's not made in a cheap labor country , the trend will remain a frivolity for the bourgeoisie . 
  lots of people are making folk accessories here right now but it 's not something you buy on a whim . 
  unless i need to search harder for good deals ... 
  they 're even in malaysia !, 
  in lithuania they 're a lot more popular than mcdonald 's . 
  i think the better equivalent would be expecting their men to stop harrassing women on the street . 
  i knew a bunch of muslims in germany and only a single one was actually devout in that he did n't drink alcohol or get stoned ( all the others smoked heaps of weed ) , but i 've never once seen any indication of him praying either . 
  it was more like a nerd phase `` i do n't need to drink like all you sheeple , i am euphoric with my purity and god '' , he grew out of it but i understand you might have more of this at an engineering university :d, 
  aber warum die spaces between components of compound nouns in english as opposed to other germanic languages . 
  i studied english linguistics and grammatically they are considered the same type of noun as the long german ones . 
  i mean folk elements in clothing , not accessories , which are already popular . 
  like the primark peasant shirts made in bangladesh , but with lithuanian ornaments , for example . 
  light fabrics weaved in traditional checkered patterns like the skirts . 
  traditional-style hats instead of fugly fedoras . 
  vests for daily wear . 
  maybe i should start a business to make that shit in india , sell it in maxima and drink the tears of purists ... 
  i wish folk costumes became more popular . 
  it 's nice that we keep the detailed authentic craftsmanship and all , but most people do n't have the money . 
  folk accessories are already popular , if there was a cheap folk clothing manufacturer i bet that many would go for it . 
  who cares about the women ? 
  i want to know more about this specific event !, 
  ** apples : a lithuanian seasonal recipe ** * take a car or a bus to your garden , or walk to the park * pick some apples off the ground * eat them * continue eating them until they are gone * go on facebook call your friends to ask if they have any apples or if anyone wants a zucchini * keep eating apples . 
  this is your life now . 
  i 'm on an all-apple diet . 
  the bus driver yesterday saw me eating and immediately started eating apples as well . 
  apples . 
  my windows phone autocorrects apple into apple . 
  oh god . 
  plz . 
  is it also without eggs and peas ? 
  those are so disgusting and everyone i know loves russian salad . 
  depends on nation and community , i guess if you compared latin american christians with bosnian muslims you 'd get a different outcome . 
  how do we quantify this ? 
  english works in the exactly same way , they just choose to put more spaces . 
  i try to play the `` genocided by all , not considered white , eternal colony poor and miserable '' card when arguing with ~ special all-knowing intersectional identity snowflakes ~ on the internet , but it 's not very effective, 
  i never saw the cartoon but the books were terrifying . 
  the midsummer one , forget the name , was like acid to my tiny mind and i totally freaked out inside . 
  so good . 
  i read the one with the comet when older , and it was just as scary . 
  did n't watch but it was nice seeing the spanish so happy and then loudly sing all the best `` we are losers but whatever '' patriotic songs in town . 
  everyone was feeling quite nice . 
  it 's not a ban . 
  people chose to write down their phonetic names in lithuanian or other orthography , the slavic forms exist alongside them but the more popular kind is the one that is more congruent with the rest of the language . 
  in my own family , a slavic/jewish surname has mutated into many different forms through the years , some officials mishearing it , some writing down an easier pronunciation , some keeping it the same . 
  similarly , the other side of the family 's obviously lithuanian last name ( never found in polish sources ) was being mangled with czsz 's during the polish occupation , as seen in some documents i found recently . 
  woah . 
  not spanish but i think that 's how my surname started . 
  thank you for this amazing discovery , i must enlighten all of my family . 
  is villejuif just jew village ? 
  literally this, 
  * it comes off in one piece ??? 
  sounds like it might be related to lithuanian * kerd\u017eius * which is the head of the herdsmen and , at least in old-timey lithuanian literature , a very authoritative old figure . 
  our surnames are just slavic insults ; ___ ;, 
  ha ... why would n't they indeed . 
  i think my serbian friend 's sister married a biker priest with a long beard . 
  it was then i understood the reality of culture clash and also that i need to visit serbia . 
  wait is he still on the boat, 
  wow , thank you based norway and parasite free fish . 
  i ca n't believe i 've never been to the hill of crosses . 
  nevertheless , feeling pretty happy to be living in europe , not that other places are n't beautiful too . 
  lol ... yeah ... hello we would like to eat here at 5 pm . 
  no , we only serve food at 6 pm . 
  no you ca n't sit . 
  get the fuck out . 
  [ and then there are no gas stops for 50 kilos ], 
  stahp i 'm being triggered, 
  i did n't watch but still could n't sleep until 2 am ; _ ; vuvuzelas are back, 
  man , i feel old ... 
  what happened to those kids anyway , did they all die or what ? 
  that would make sense , but my neighborhood clinic offers abortions and it seems like all the neighborhoods do . 
  it 's not a hospital thing . 
  maybe it 's an economic thing ?
