  jesus , what would scandinavia look like without all these restrictions ? 
  cirrhosis holocaust ? 
  you already have quite a reputation, 
  we go there to pick strawberries and live in huts . 
  we own tobago and gambia, 
  why was ukraine so poor and shitty ? 
  it seems many other post-soviet republics made it through somehow , why are they so fucked up ? 
  it 's a formal or humorous thing . 
  what an optimist ... 
  berbers are so amazing . 
  i knew one from morocco as well , dark but completely not arab looking . 
  what an interesting country . 
  i would like to hear more of this george adonis fella . 
  i 'm sorry if you do n't feel like explaining this , but do you know why all of my italian friends hate beppe grillo and co so much ? 
  i mean , it 's impossible to understand what the fuck is going on when people are emotional , and i 'm feeling like it has to be something really weird but always get too confused . 
  are they aiming for something bad ? 
  am i desensitized by numbers or is that not a very large amount for a royal family vacation ? ... 
  also why is his wife a redhead ? 
  do they actually say `` everyone there is our people '' ? 
  moj rashan am not gud, 
  i like what i see . 
  is there more ? 
  i want russians to live well and come buy lots of high-quality amber for good price plz ; _ ;, 
  this is a toned-down description and we still sound like the fucking balkans . 
  i guess it 's good we at least try to prosecute our politicians ? ... 
  i 'll also add that lsdp , despite being an old farts ' establishment party , appeals to quite a lot of `` social justice '' types - literally because they have `` social democrat '' in their name and like two feminists in their entire party membership . 
  so , dear voter , you too can close your eyes and imagine you 're a swede !, 
  also , polish campaign has played with the idea of autonomy and secession . 
  balkans here we come !, 
  oh man the lithuania stronk w cn take off scary statue and do n't afraid of nathin wow commies so afraid of us nao wow circlejerk . 
  if we could get our historical documents back that 'd be awesome but russia and russians do n't actually give a single rat 's ass about some random statues and is only butting in with their crap now because people are making a big deal out of it and claiming a ~ great national victory ~ . 
  remigijau plz , i thought you were less populist than this . 
  it is so amazing . 
  sure , i may have gotten crippling alcoholism out of it , but knowing german and getting to complain about all the different nationalities is totally worth it . 
  cologne is n't amazingly beautiful but thankfully the cathedral is right on the way if you 're waiting to switch trains :p it has a really nice atmosphere and a sweet accent though !, 
  actually when i was in dortmund i asked where i can just find a turkish shop to buy a cheaper sim card , and the guy just sighed and gave me one for free ... saying do n't bother kid . 
  that was a surprise . 
  i did n't see very many turks where i was . 
  well then , carry on . 
  i liked it ; _ ; there were things to see , nice shops and the people were super nice , a guy in a phone shop gave me a new sim card for free , workers at the train station spent a ton of time finding the best route for me on their computers and writing schedules and directions , and the airport people let me sleep on a massage chair :0 it was truly amazing . 
  the mini was the first car my nephew learned to recognize , at 2 years old :3, 
  transported helpfully from germany by our honorable and resourceful polish friends :3, 
  what kinda secret fatcat wonderland city do you live in ? 
  well you know , they all say it 's ugly , no surprise here . 
  i was stuck in dortmund once and several different people actually made fun of me for taking pictures of the town ; _ ; those ruhrpott postcards too ... 
  i love the diversity in germany , actually wrote up a report of these stereotypes and info for my mom , it was mostly hearsay though . 
  it 's a lot of different stuff everytime , but one guy had spent his childhood in a 100 % blond and blue-eyed village in niedersachsen which was extremely creepy as they looked nearly identical , and i have personally been approached by a tractor filled with a fully lederhosen-clad family in bavaria and presumably offered a ride in a mysterious , horrifying tongue , so this is how i picture these places . 
  rheinland-pfalz is just people rolling around in the sun with wine and onion pizza , it 's awesome except everything and everyone is always late or not showing up at all . 
  mecklenburg-previous french fries is empty except for that one guy i know . 
  hessen 's national drink is stomach acid . 
  oh we just used to play this as exchange students on train trips , name each state , name each capital , name which borders which , how many states you 've visited , how many states do you already know people from ( i proudly have a mecklenburg-vorpommern , it was n't easy ) , what state is what town in , name a state stereotype , a typical food , a famous landmark ... we took the cultural exchange part pretty seriously lel . 
  i did n't do too well with the capitals, 
  ever been to a l'occitane shop ? 
  it does feel like it . 
  i 'm ashamed of you . 
  man i 'd totally add this to the 16 states game if i were still erasmus . 
  also i 'd like to see this with comparable gdp per capita but ca n't be arsed . 
  [ thought this was amusing ] ( http://imgur.com/q9qh4dl ) . 
  poor poor greece . 
  poland and lithuania are also taking arab christians , it 's pretty cool, 
  there are lands where they do n't do that ? ... 
  ; _ ; i picked slovenia too, 
  it 's a lot of effort trying to remember the difference between slovenia and slovakia all the time , and for some reason most people chose to dedicate their brain space to the other one . 
  those roads look familiar !, 
  this is the best thing i 've read all month . 
  thank you . 
  you might want to change your name . 
  people must love aids and russians . 
  the fuck does `` nice women '' mean ? 
  and he 's a fucking asshole !, 
  thanks , uk !, 
  you should really see how angry the antifa germans get , bro . 
  heyyyy we got dibs on resettling to madagascar !, 
  no english link tho :(, 
  also , left-wing in no way means `` good person '' or `` tolerant '' by default . 
  an ex-friend , a radical feminist of the `` womyn '' and `` humyn '' type ( seriously ) and a political activist/journalist for all the usual topics , one of those people who disown you if you so much as admit voting for a centrist-liberal party , has come up with some pretty hateful unprovoked shit about the portuguese , of all things , and our last conversation was basically `` oh , your boyfriend has n't left you yet ? 
  it 's only a matter of time before he goes and marries a jewish girl , you know . 
  they all keep it in the tribe '' . 
  needless to say , we do n't speak anymore . 
  well , in general in those kinda circles if you say you 're dating an israeli and have israeli friends , they look at you like you just slaughtered a palestinian baby in front of them and offered them matzoh with its blood . 
  pretty interesting how `` accepting '' they act then . 
  i 've had some good times joking about stereotypes and cultural differences with people with quite radical left politics . 
  some people are shitheads , some are not . 
  it 's a huge mistake to view `` your side '' as composed of enlightened , great people who can do no wrong . 
  no one is innocent . 
  the kind that have ideals and perspectives on how societies should be and how we should have freedom , but do n't feel the need to couch their own personal experiences in politically correct terminology . 
  they thought there was n't a whole lot of organization and hard work going on in there , does n't mean the people deserve to suffer though . 
  it 's not a given that they deserve to live better than the rest of eastern europe though , either . 
  i myself have no bad experiences with greeks at all . 
  well that sucks !, 
  i wonder what the provisions for artist visas are if you have an arrangement with a company or project already . 
  wow , thank you for this !, 
  being bad at math , this is a really necessary tool for me . 
  connections are the absolute key , * especially * in the art world , so yeah , network in lebanon and the internet every chance you get , go to every art event , and if you know enough people you can comfortably sell turds for a living . 
  lol , holy shit , i do n't even know how that works . 
  how about marrying people ? 
  from a quick search , it seems they were traditionally taken care of by franciscan monks , but in 1899 a dedicated leprosarium was opened which was open until 1944 and attended by nurses and doctors . 
  it would receive patients from as far as brazil and java . 
  well , russian friend , you must be more familiar with lithuanian cheeses than i am . 
  i do n't know what is interesting or unique ... we make several good ones , like our parmesan , hard cheeses , the white ones , and a lot of melted spreads , but my favorite since childhood has been the dried white cheese i have n't seen anywhere else .
