  never too far . 
  they are worst enemy . 
  lithuanian babies will not rest at night until we see the blood of the last latvian fall on baltic soil . 
  we wait . 
  hey !, 
  is too dark to take photos by now :(, 
  it 's more fucking arte that i thought arte could be . 
  i could n't watch more than four . 
  not the ones that win contests to build on the river and bridges . 
  \\  public contest \\  eastern europe yeah , that 'll work swimmingly . 
  you can come over to that exact area to see the beauty they 've wrought us :d, 
  i 'd vote for redditors putting together eight uncoordinated statues/contraptions of their choice as replacement . 
  hell , gluing together garbage would be more aesthetically pleasing and meaningful than what our city would likely come up with . 
  it 's going to be an ungodly abomination that drives mad all who dare catch glimpse of it, 
  it 's not the statues that are valuable , it 's the ensemble of all of them together . 
  it 's a pretty small bridge in a loud and eclectic area , and will look very plain and boring without them . 
  all the foreign articles make it look like this giant glorious momument to soviet power , but they 're really just decorations . 
  many proposed making new statues to put up in place of these ones , but seeing the stuff they 've been putting out recently , i 'd take my chances with the old ones ... and they could have asked for the neighborhood residents ' opinion too :(, 
  that bridge is not historically important , it 's just a crucial traffic juncture . 
  i live just a block away and the whole place is a glorious clusterfuck of clashing styles and insane art projects where the small bridge and its statues really do n't appear monumental or stand out , unlike the articles make it look . 
  it 's just a funny point of interest to show to a guest staying at your house while you 're going to the mall . 
  most of the people i know want them to stay , i 'd strongly wager the `` silent majority '' is also for them staying , and there 's mostly a vocal group of ideologically-motivated people who want to make a statement by removing them . 
  i 'm all for the statement , but there 's nothing wrong with the statues . 
  i do n't even know why , but this is making me mad . 
   `` scientific youth '', 
  a lot of lithuanians do n't want it removed . 
  w. . why would n't you apply sunscreen to your face ? 
  april sun is the most dangerous !, 
  it 's just not a natural temperature , man . 
  why not go in the autumn ? 
  i was in israel in november and almost got heatstroke . 
  you are all crazy . 
  is n't it a bit hot at the moment ? 
  i 'd be afraid of sunburn . 
  no :( it 's a cute bridge , now it 'll be boring as fuck, 
  motherfuck . 
  there is a northern scorpion . 
  ... there are scorpions in europe ? ... 
  i have a lot of very differently sized cups . 
  yeeeeeaahhhh it was gummy and translucent but stank like a motherfucker . 
  not sure if that 's normal . 
  a far cry from limburger , but still . 
  so i did get the joke even though i still do n't know what the joke is or why it is funny . 
  i should travel around and taste things next time i visit there , although hessian food is still scary from the time i got a couple units of handk\u00e4se , wrapped them in several plastic bags and still got all of my luggage and the entire kitchen smelling like cadavers . 
  never did get to taste those , my dad was the only one brave enough to get near them . 
  y' all are a little bit strange with the food . 
  i 'll cut you, 
  the ones i got as traditional apfelwein in a geripptes ( in mainz and once in frankfurt i believe ) were uniformly horrifying to the extent that not even cola could disguise the taste . 
  wikipedia says it 's supposed to be sour too . 
  i do n't want to try again :( ( ( our ciders are all sweet and pleasant but they 're probably bullshit and inauthentic to all these connoisseurs in this thread, 
  berlin is completely full of vietnamese places and not a sandwich in sight . 
  for someone with the dreaded coriander gene it 's a nightmare . 
  wait . 
  is this a war crime tribunal joke or is the world completely different from what i imagined ? 
  translation for territories ? 
  such abundant natural resources of rock in there . 
  i was completely amazed . 
  even the trashcans are made of rock !!, 
  estonia rich, 
  excuse me , courland is and has always been baltic clay . 
  we can into tobago !, 
  also we wanted to move all lithuanians to madagascar , no discrimination . 
  i 'm glad we did n't because that place is full of giant cockroaches , but it 's nice to dream . 
  i believe at the beginning it specifically referred to men coming to discussions of feminism and talking all sorts of retarded bullshit with a smiley on top because `` naturally you ladies might not know this but '' . 
  then the usual suspects liked the sound of the word and ran off with it referring to any kind of male contribution they do n't like , and here we are now . 
  h-how intimate ? 
  are you on bath salts, 
  your stuff tastes like stomach acid and now i 'm afraid to try what people claim is `` real cider not that alcopop bullshit '' . 
  it 's ducking stomach acid . 
  actually , there are a lot of foreigners living in my very house !, 
  we even have a black couple and many french people for some reason , and there was a jew but he died . 
  and a guy from poland threw a housewarming party in my stairwell with lots of foreign guests speaking english , and put a poster saying he came to live and work here and plz to excuse noise . 
  multicultural paradise !, 
  but is city center and only bourgeois dream . 
  is no immigrant in grey commieblock . 
  they would die . 
  also housing boom still ded so no cheap ukrainian labor . 
  is only refugee . 
  oh for fuck 's sake ... this is delfi level, 
  why is n't lithuania on there ; - ; do we even have any immigrants at all ; ___ ;, 
  do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior grand duchy of lithuania ? 
  `` latvia '' barely even registers while our first word is `` lithuania '' . 
  i do get the impression that we love to talk about ourselves . 
  i thought i was the only one and felt oddly ashamed . 
  it actually happened on the exact moment . 
  amazing !, 
  did you see the website of our rightful royal heir ? 
  we have a coronation day because it 's july and people want to fuck off to the lake and eat shashlik . 
  all there is to it . 
  it depends on the place . 
  the uni i went to in germany organized a lot of common events with locals and exchange students , but somehow everywhere i went that was n't even student-specific , the germans were super friendly and interested as well . 
  not just because they wanted to fuck an erasmus girl ... 
  i acquired something of a female stalker who suddenly decided i was her best friend :| so in addition to the foreigners , i had a huge number of german friends and acquaintances . 
  is this normal ???? 
  why are they so friendly ????? 
  does this happen anywhere else ? 
  hey , we enjoy how warm and picturesque it is down there , and they like how organized and `` nordic '' we are . 
  although eventually it ends with calling each other psycho genocidal maniacs and frigid arctic cunts . 
  where 's that article that stated a million babies have been born thanks to erasmus ? 
  we must try harder .
