  it is . 
  it 's a huge downside , for me personally as well because all of my friends have left , but we 've also made dramatic economic progress . 
  eastern europeans are not your biggest problem , brother, 
  i have n't heard many complaints , we mainly kill and enslave each other :p, 
  tensions happen everywhere , but as a lithuanian i ca n't see a downside other than that half of our people have left . 
  you might say i 'm a dreamer ; _ ;, 
  i knew a turkish guy who looked so much like a lithuanian basketball player that me and my friends had to scream and take selfies with him . 
  also a bunch of dark-blonde girls with green eyes . 
  these were turks from turkey and they were very different from the people in kebab shops . 
  poland in eu is bad ? 
  i 'd love it if russia was in the eu . 
  if they had a different government it would be a possibility . 
  you can train your anus to respond on command . 
  it 's not related to soviet victories ... 
  this is a great tournament from underdogs . 
  everyone in / r/soccer is complaining about defensive games , but i 'm a simple woman and just love these heroic narratives . 
  lithuanian holocaust remembrance coming up in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  i sincerely hope that will be given at least as much attention as the deportations anniversary a few days ago , but i 'm not so sure . 
  there are naked swimming days , yes, 
  the only known case of lesbians transmitting hiv was two women fucking themselves bloody with the same dildo after stopping antiretroviral drugs, 
  england and russia are strange bedfellows, 
  lesbians do n't really get aids, 
  critical of the fact that a disproportionate amount of deaths happens on what 's supposed to be a traditional holiday , also july 6 . 
  i 'll still be celebrating ... if i can find any friends to go with ; - ;, 
  yeah , i 've been to a public celebration in a shit neighborhood that had the getting shitfaced but also burning a fire and letting a couple flower wreaths into the river , and my friends have celebrated very traditionally in kernav\u0117 , but the current overwhelming tradition is killing each other with cars . 
  wahhabism is a fairly recent movement, 
  i felt so bad for them :( did n't even commit fouls to get the ball or stop attacks , just kind of gave up on everything and it was depressing reading comments from russians . 
  really , such a big country with so many people playing football ... 
  mainz does a pretty big festival with ships and fireworks , the johannisnacht , but it 's also connected to celebrating gutenberg . 
  is this uncommon ? 
  uh , midsummer in lithuania consists of everyone getting shitfaced , drowning in lakes and crashing cars in record numbers . 
  the death toll only depends on the weather . 
  they started before the first game began, 
  according to my online experience , lithuanians hate gays way more than they hate muslims . 
  so yeah . 
  it 's illegal to drink in the streets, 
  i do n't know how to emotionally process this, 
  it 's an awesome city !, 
  hit me up for a list of pubs, 
  if that happens , i think gays wo n't be the factor that makes them unhappy , if you catch my drift, 
  in traditional lithuanian society , many people did n't marry because they did n't have their own household and depended on serving other people as farmhands or somesuch . 
  children were `` raised by a village '' because not every woman had children and there was a large extended family to take care of them . 
  very interestingly , there have been theories that a gay family simulates this village because western gay communities have usually lived closely in the past few decades and raised their children together ( for example , two men and two women arranging to make a child ) , whereas `` traditional '' male/female couples are often left alone and expected to raise children without help . 
  this is one of the explanations for why children of gay parents have better life outcomes . 
  coming back to the `` not everyone is married '' issue , `` davatka '' is originally a folk name for a class of unmarried women who had no wealth and depended on the church to survive . 
  and yet it 's so very christian !, 
  denmark is the happiest country in the world, 
  listen , if children were made by guys having sex with guys , do you think you not be disgusted by it ? 
  would you be able to fall in love with a guy ? 
  would you want your children growing up in a family where you do n't love your partner , and probably start cheating on them ? 
  i know a straight guy who actually tried to have sex with a dude just for the fuck of it . 
  literally could n't get it up for a blowjob in the dark . 
  i had a libertine friends circle where girls make out with girls and tbh it 's the only thing i 've ever regretted doing drunk because it just feels so disgusting after the fact . 
  i 'd never want to pressure someone who does n't like girls to have sex with them because that 's cruel , also to the girl who 's being deceived . 
  this is why homophobic figures are often revealed to be gay , because they think everyone is attracted to the same sex and is just holding on by willpower . 
  no , really , it does n't involve any willpower or morals . 
  straight people just do n't want to do it . 
  are you seriously one of those people who think people turn gay after seeing other gay people newsflash : not everyone is barely restraining their wild desire to dump their wife and suck dick, 
  we 're trying into nordic, 
  they have family parades for heterosexual families . 
  yeah ... it stings that my mom was able to find her friends in the parade and i was n't  : / forever alone, 
  i wanted more of the old guy playing accordion, 
  lots of people this time , very happy about this !, 
  i 've been shocked recently at the amount of horrible hatred on the internet so it 's really nice to see so much support . 
  i could have done with less annoying music from the party buses , but hey , it 's a free country :p anyone wan na go party at xi20 with me tonight ? 
  will there be an alternate route ? 
  yeah , the rest of us are fucked over , why should they enjoy peace and prosperity ? 
  i just want to watch the world burn . 
  i ca n't believe i used to read erotic gay fanfiction about this asshole ... jk still would, 
  sure , and now they do n't ban it , everyone is happy . 
  i guess it 's kind of a once-in-a-lifetime thing , yeah . 
  i do n't think i could be that dedicated to a few days of drinking and fucking people up . 
  no fucken way , i staunchly refuse to wear pants above 22 degrees, 
  apparently boys wearing skirts was banned in uk schools , hence the article . 
  why does n't the un just take care of them in greece ? 
  : / this is unbelievable . 
  it 's pretty far and expensive for someone with average eastern european income and if these ultras are upper-middle-class , i do n't know what is real anymore, 
  i wonder how many thousands of poor men live unaware of the awesomeness of wearing a skirt in summer . 
  i truly feel bad for them . 
  allowing it is the first step to making it general fashion . 
  ... obviously . 
  how do people like this afford to go to france ? 
  i almost feel bad rooting for germany at this point , but i 'm sure i 'll get over it . 
  * cold sweat *, 
  hello, 
  really , missouri ? ... 
  the previous guy was lithuanian ... 
  you hang with a dangerous crowd , boy, 
  [ nein , das ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aekodtnluio ), 
  tfw inside russia, 
  asphalt melts every summer in lithuania . 
   europeans ' ability to cope with heat what is this thing, 
  can ... can horses go up those stairs ? 
  i read that as `` i bugger her on the pole sometimes '' and thought that made perfect sense . 
  lithuanians sell each other to factories in the west under false promises and coercion . 
  reportedly , plastic surgery advanced really quickly following wwi because of all the practice they had . 
  how dare you ? 
  they did it as a joke and rustled some serious jimmies , a +, 
  they 're the best !, 
  i love everything that is german .
