  but then why are all the village poles getting abortions, 
  yes , i read an article recently about how well romania has dealt with the hiv crisis !, 
  but my first memory of romania was reading a girls ' magazine that had humorous advice on gifts to relatives in romania : `` get them a school desk that converts into a coffin !, 
  many children in romania were infected with hiv from reusing old needles , so they will appreciate this thoughful gift ! '', 
  that magazine was edgy af but i still have nightmares about it, 
  you 're right ... but at least we 're not romania . 
  i know , but at least we 're not romania . 
  maybe ... but i believe our population is denser than latvia and estonia , and we certainly do n't have a very small number of abortions , so i do n't know . 
  i see four of the five major cities have a lot of them , and the fifth does n't . 
  half of the majority polish area ( strongly religious ) has a very low rate , but the other half has a high one , possibly skewed by proximity of major city but still way too high to compare to the other half . 
  the west has way fewer abortions , and i ca n't even begin to understand why since i think it 's a pretty depressing place ... also , panev\u0117\u017eys has been reported to have a much lower std rate than other major cities because they report to the next city , \u0160iauliai , for `` embarrassing '' procedures and thus skew the stats , but they do n't skew the stats on this one , abortions are high while they are low in \u0160iauliai . 
  do they do some kind of std/abortion exchange program ?? 
  just what ? 
  no , it 's exactly the same and you can get it at any clinic with a gynecologist . 
  it does n't correspond to ethnic minorities or cultural regions either , it just makes no sense . 
  i did n't say i would n't have a blast  and i already know many romanians , they 're great people . 
  not at all like those sneaky bulgarian assholes . 
  mind , if i went with him we 'd probably still end up infected with three kinds of aids , arrested for meth trafficking and fight our way out with machetes . 
  brb , got ta write some emails ... 
  at the time i was quite sheltered and the only info given was go to romania in the middle of winter with a hot-headed and mysterious russian guy because `` he knows a guy there '' . 
  nope.jpg as i am now though , i would absolutely go . 
  oh man , that 's even better than rhein-main , yes i like that rich bitch part of the woods plz :d, 
  everytime this is posted lithuania just baffles me . 
  wtf is going on in here ? 
  if one ever has business to do with any german organization , one might certainly get the impression the workday is limited at 1 to 2 hours . 
  where is that ? 
  do they hire autistic people too ? 
  half of europe is the mexico of europe . 
  o lol , countdown to zombie apocalypse would begin, 
  that gheaghea vanea song is too amazing , the singing is reminiscent of typical horrible 90s eastern european pop but with soul and joy , and the music is somehow ethereal , fairy-like and not bum\u010dik ... how is this possible ? 
  also , it sounds totally russian but is not, 
  i have heard that being sensitive to gender differences is how animals survive natural selection , as they are able to find the right kind of individual to mate with . 
  those who are not , remain dead branches on the evolutionary tree . 
  why the tone of surprise ? 
  we are of advanced nordic society :( and yeah , the image is of an unbelievably poor country , as a child the only thing i knew about romania was the many orphans infected with aids and ceausescu publicly executed , it gave me nightmares . 
  only recently was i surprised to learn that bulgaria is even poorer , and met multiple romanians who did not have aids ^ ( as far as i know ) . 
  it 's really a shame . 
  i am a lithuanian female you dolt, 
  well , i was actually invited by a friend once to go on a trip to romania and did n't go because i thought he was fucking nuts and just being his russian self . 
  i blame the eu for not funding awareness campaigns because now i really wan na go . 
  why are you friends with them ? 
  wait , the polish guy was claiming the baltics are nazis ? 
  it 's not even good at football . 
  ignored again . 
  in lithuanian the words for roma and romanian are n't similar , so this is not a problem . 
  i am reminded of aids everytime i hear romania in lt , but that 's my own personal experience . 
  i believe the woman 's vagina melted shut . 
  that 's not normal coffee . 
  man you feel strongly about this , and what i do n't like about them is the competition, 
  well i 'm trying my hardest ... 
  i feel like we do :(, 
  i 'm absolutely going back there to see the largest reinforced concrete cross in the country ( 21 m ), 
  we do n't have enough ? 
  that 's pretty surprising but you do have the big road and all ... 
  i mean i was expecting anyksciai to be the asshole of the world for some reason but i feel like i could spend like two weeks just checking out the attractions of the area . 
  does n't hurt that it 's beer and wine country . 
  and local businesses seem to be surviving with the income , i dunno, 
  i was close to anyksciai and some local was complaining about the swarms of tourists that came for euromonies projects and cause traffic jams , but i dunno if that 's considered good ( or eastern , i am bad with geography outside vln ) . 
  everything is sparkling . 
  * they have a regional culinary heritage trail * . 
  jeez , sorry for not honoring the name of the noble mecdoonilds right . 
  i was n't about to eat there either , just coming in to use the shitter iirc . 
  the kebabs were okay . 
  i wonder what goes on in germany , they are incredibly healthy-looking people . 
  i went to france with a group once , and the macdonald 's workers yelled at some of us for ordering in english . 
  such localization . 
  we were told to order in german . 
  i went for kebabs instead . 
  is that the least mcd 's in the eu or what ? 
  edit : what the fuck greece, 
  damn these bros be stylin, 
  why do you hate germany and all that is good ? 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  or alternatively , section a single concept into many confusing disparate pieces instead of presenting one thing as one thing only . 
  finally someone else that gets it . 
  english words are just german words with nominal spaces , wake up sheeple, 
  you wo n't fool me , kadyrov, 
  bruh ... 
  i dunno , i 'd be running from chechnya pretty fast, 
  i wish we knew how to play football instead :(, 
  yeah , you can probably tell how much i care about basketball ... 
  ** lithuania : ** * some people are playing basketball and others care a lot . 
  ^ ( we lost to fucking ~ ~ estonia ~ ~ belgium ^ sorry ) * everyone is talking about refugees , but we only caught our first five today and they were on their way to finland anyway . 
  * vilnius marathon was today , a soldier died while running . 
  * people are protesting against liberalizing the labor code . 
  * lithuanian police crack child pornography distribution network * [ russian orthodox priest is a slut on the internet , wtf ] ( http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/lithuania/staciatikiu-kunigas-pazinciu-portale-siule-meile-uz-pinigus.d?id=68929688 ) feel free to add more , i 've had too much beer to be an authority . 
  hon hon hon hon hon admit it , you have no match for italian cheese !, 
  wow , i did n't know it was actually a goddess . 
  italian is better anyway :p, 
  what the fug , who pays for all these voiceovers ? 
  i think there 's a lot more russians than french and we get like all of their channels , but there 's not nearly enough to fill a tv . 
  i mean they 're not going to make something like tlc or five different cartoon channels, 
  we suck at singing , to be honest . 
  but hey , i 'm sitting inside being clinically depressed , so that 's pretty lithuanian of me !, 
  we need a large scale plan , or are you proposing we set up a system of arranged marriages to ukrainian refugees for all our basement dwellers ? 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  i do n't know if we can easily turn them into lithuanians though , belarusians are kinda halfway there already, 
  we had basically one channel for those with cable , cartoon network , and that 's where all the kids learned . 
  do n't tell me you have enough french channels to fill up a whole cable subscription ? 
  who does n't ?
