  i do n't talk to her anymore but considering what a tremendous hardon she had for sweden and its ~ progressiveness ~ , i believe her on this matter, 
  not just germans , this made me hyperventilate and get dizzy, 
  how cute and decent ~ ~, 
  i heard that when sweden invests in the baltics they suddenly lose all their pc-ness and awesome labor protection laws and just work with the corrupt authorities to fuck us over , but i 'd have to get back to my source on that . 
  welcome to the soviet union !, 
  was there something in 2012 ? 
  i remember my serbian friend was very upset about something like this and just kept talking about it for hours interspersed with kosovo je srbija and `` want some more coffee ? '', 
  one of the famous architects worked to nix this plan , i do n't remember which one , not sure if it was a nasvytis , but probably ... a lot of problems like this were solved through party friendships and social influence, 
  i 'm talking about the brezhnev-era plans to demolish the old town and build a highway , you have n't heard of them ? 
  what the fuck is that a costume of ? 
  no metro !, 
  you get feudalist and imperialist old town demolished and build glorious people 's highway to turni\u0161k\u0117s !, 
  bad comrade !, 
  they were gon na build a highway right through the old town , is that better ? 
  on a scale of 1 to 10 , how much would you like to hear about my latest period ? 
  i promise it has a fascinating backstory, 
  i have a * female username * , post about my feelings , fashion trends and liking dicks every chance i get , and people still need to be persuaded i 'm not a dude . 
  touche . 
  i dunno ... it 's weird that people attack each other with grenade launchers in europe, 
  i think he means things built in the occupied areas in the interwar , or modern stuff built by polish minorities . 
  he really has a stick up his ass over polish houses , does n't have a problem with them otherwise, 
  suicide , negativity and uncreativity . 
  all of us knew this answer was gon na be the first result . 
  we actually have really good design culture though . 
  i still have n't had anyone explain to me who this guy is aside from the fact that his wife fell and crushed her skull and for some reason people cared . 
  also , check that ubiquitous hipstery graphic design . 
  we of nordic . 
  a course of action appropriate in every situation . 
  lithuania is a beautiful multi-kulti melting pot of many origins , a country where integration is built in for hundreds of years . 
  i am polish , belarusian , jewish , mongol , russian , i am legion , and yet still remain a brother who likes to order a 27er pot of cepelinai and bitch at putin . 
  my dad describes architecture he does n't like as polish and gets really livid about it . 
  hearing about it he 's all for lithuanian superiority and enslaving the poles , but really ... he just really does n't like polish architecture, 
  what are you talking about , no-longer-brother, 
   pietiks gra\u017eoties , lietuva co to jest ? 
  that 's what you get that 's just what you get when you act like that aunt gra\u017dina did n't make the rules, 
  the only latvian on this whole thread and you pick them ????? 
  fuuuuuuuuuuuucccckkkkk uuuu you 're not invited to visit the family graves anymore :( ( ( ( and we will throw out your flowers if we find them, 
  they have the weirdest insults, 
  came here to crtl+f latvia , was n't disappointed . 
  poor russians :(, 
  they 're very common . 
  i used to see them out the window of my commieblock when i lived in one . 
  we often hear stories of the weird grey squirrels in the uk but i never realized that red ones are rare there . 
  do you know a place to buy that in berlin ? 
  visiting graves is pretty fun though !, 
  they have some really hot guys, 
  are you an american ? 
  hymens may not all be as huge and important as people think , but i invite you to try to fuck a girl with a septate hymen and then say that `` hymens do n't exist '' . 
  hint : ` popping ' is not just a metaphor . 
  you will audibly hear it . 
  the public opinion on hymens has slid way too far into the `` it 's a myth '' area, 
  what ? 
  look up septate hymens for example , from personal experience i can assure you that they very very much exist and are very visible and tangible, 
   still believe that the hymen exists excuse me ? 
  or sex !, 
  yeah lithuanians intentionally torturing you with lithuanian music is the worst . 
  i do n't consider myself an exceptionally cruel person , but those people i 'd have no regrets about gouging out their eyeballs with my own hands . 
  bulgaria , i. ... 
  gypsies can run in elections ? 
  did she seriously decide to wear that hairdo just because she was given the name antoinette ? 
  some commitment . 
  you can buy a prepackaged mix but i do n't know if you have to add potatoes to it . 
  never made the stuff since they 're pretty cheap to eat at a restaurant , and you can buy like a full pot for the whole family ... once we got a coupon for , i think , 27 cepelinai in assorted flavors . 
  it was a good day . 
  you do n't have those ??? 
  on a related note , just what is the national food of latvia ? 
  my family tried to find out when we were in latvia but all the restaurant menus told us were grey peas and maize zupa . 
  ( love that one btw ) that kinda sounds weird . 
  yes yesssssss , bring the tourism moneys , support the beer industry . 
  alternatively i can send you one of my old dreadlocks to you in finland to determine genetic compatibility , but you 'd have to pay postage, 
  * thank you *, 
  then the most common way i know : go down south to vilnius , come to bix bar and order in english . 
  people will probably point , scream , hug you for being latvian and take you on an adventure of a lifetime . 
  i recommend thursdays . 
  it 's nice to know why someone is interested though because it 's weird and uncomfortable when someone acts like you 're a perfect human being from the first moment they see you . 
  if they 're like `` your earmuffs are really cute '' or are interested in the things you talk about , it 's cool, 
  that depends , how pretty are you ? 
  the racist homophobic pregnant russian girlfriend ? 
  dude i do n't even know you and i 'm happy to hear that, 
  it 's the lingua franca of black people . 
  that smiley of yours gives me nightmares . 
  yeah but it 's like , you wake up and there 's fifty calls and a message from 5 am from a random person from last night being all `` omg you are perfect please lets meet again '' and then nothing in the actual daytime . 
  what are you supposed to reply , `` hey remember me , or was that just the beer '' ? 
  ^ ( oh god ), 
  is it a normal thing to send the message at the end of the same night ? 
  i would just assume the sender is still drunk and wo n't remember me in the morning, 
  t _____________ t, 
  yeah it works somewhat better if they 're from a southern country , drunk and prone to insane things like hopping on a 17 hour bus ride for a party . 
  germans and bavarians are just normal :( ( though what if he has a tractor ), 
  it 's different if both of you are hipsters, 
  was going to say the same thing , strangers on the facebook are the same as strangers in a smelly bar . 
  oh the dark depths of the `` other '' mailbow ... 
  yeah i 've found it most effective to take a sleeping pill , search for hottest matches in hottest dream city , go pants-on-head `` baby r ur parents retarded cause u r special '' and then throw up in horror when they actually respond . 
  polite conversation never gets you anywhere . 
  i think that gender roles thing really depends on your social circle . 
  you can always just write insults to to overly perfect looking foreigners of your dreams as a joke and end up in a string of insane overdramatic long-distance romances that drive you crazy but you end up with pictures of hot dates to show your ( probably nonexistent ) future grandchildren . 
  not sure if recommend . 
  most of the drunk hookups i 've heard of from my friends were between long-time friends or classmates and still shameful as fuck lol . 
  i really do n't know what young people like these days though . 
  internet meetings are best , unless you chat up random people on facebook like a savage .
