  i 've been lucky to have been in very comforting hospitals , attentive doctors , useful group therapy and the newest medical treatments that are n't always affordable for the average american . 
  it may be more difficult do get daily treatments in a smaller town , but in the capital there 's at least several outpatient programs with various forms of therapy . 
  smaller town hospitals are also supposedly worse , though i 've heard at least one good review . 
  ( edit to say this is all free on public insurance which is also free for students and many other groups , and many medications are partially paid by the government ) most people i meet at the public clinic are old and yammer about their problems pretty loudly , so i assume the stigma is n't as harsh as it could be among a conservative age group . 
  i read a statistic somewhere that 11 % of lithuanians are on an antidepressant , though without a source . 
  with our country beating suicide records , i think the severity of depression is obvious to all , and at least the middle class accepts it . 
  [ this delicious soup ] ( http://g1.dcdn.lt/images/pix/saltibarsciai-65378658.jpg ), 
  i have the universal health insurance covered by the government as a student , have had additional private health insurance ( got paid for breaking my leg as a kid , and had it while travelling outside eu ) , free ehic for emergencies inside the eu , and life insurance as a savings strategy . 
  my family has mandatory car insurance . 
  afaik we do n't insure our homes and this may not be that common . 
  kind of a dick move to poor ukraine . 
  although i read some opinions that the agreement was n't entirely beneficial to them , but on the whole improving ties with europe has helped my country immensely and i wish the same for ukraine . 
  i 've never heard of anyone having ac at home here , but it 's used in malls , supermarkets and buses . 
  the temperature difference is unpleasant to many . 
  polish jews are ashkenazi . 
  they have mostly the same last names . 
  my paternal line starts around 200 years ago when my ancestor immigrated from another country , which is about as interesting as it gets in lithuania . 
  about the rest of my family , i know the towns my great-grandparents were from and have `` stories '' like a lot of other people about being either noble or jewish . 
  few attempt to verify them . 
  i want to visit belarus but the visa costs money : / they are nice . 
  we should be friends again . 
  tried to spread the jesus meme . 
  only 1009 kids will understand, 
  the national standardizing agency , funded by the government . 
  these institutions are honestly big and clumsy enough on a national level , the last thing they want to do is deal with communicating with other equally big ones across the continent just for something like logo design . 
  there 's a fair amount of independence . 
  i used to work in a standardizing agency coordinating all sorts of things with the eu and i can say to you this , `` lol i dunno \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af '' . 
  i do n't think any of them know . 
  they just cobble together various national institutions and try not to fuck it up too bad . 
  we chopped a guy 's head off . 
  in the pool i go to , the rules say to keep sandals on all the time . 
  glorious lithuania , of course . 
  we need all the help we can get . 
  probably russia . 
  they rich lithuanians want them to stay because half of us live there . 
  there has n't been a traditional culture since ww2 , but since the fall of the soviet union and rising economy , village and regional ethnocultural tourism is rising , even though it 's mostly city-dwellers spending their money on newly-built infrastructure . 
  you do n't hear much from the villages except alcoholism and murder . 
  i would say the wide boulevards of berlin are very pleasant to walk and give a wonderful sense of space and freedom , see karl-marx-allee . 
  they 're not exactly bustling with street life though , the aforementioned is very quiet despite its central location , but i guess it 's decent enough with its tourist appeal and several cozy restaurants . 
  i would love to live there and really enjoy taking walks . 
  other boulevards are also great for an afternoon out , eating at a restaurant and shopping a little , though it 's annoying as fuck to navigate all that space on a night out drinking . 
  vilnius , on the other hand , is too small and not dense enough for boulevards , so the wider streets we have are kind of dead and more like the `` stroad '' concept . 
  we have a [ national perfume ] ( http://www.lietuvoskvapas.lt/en/the-scent/ ) . 
  i do n't know if our traditional lore has any differences from the general european stuff , but there 's a lot of people now calling themselves witches ( not wiccan ) , trying to practice herbal medicine and magic from old baltic traditions . 
  kind of a mix between simple charlatan and pagan revival . 
  cartoon network . 
  everyone expects every foreigner to speak english and will mostly gladly do so . 
  a lot of people will pester you for the fun of speaking english . 
  in my city there 's three mexican restaurants i know of . 
  a mexican friend said one does n't have very tasty food but it 's authentic , another place is not authentic but has tasty food ( i love its cozy atmosphere ) , and the third is a hipster pub where i have n't tasted the food . 
  they 're all kinda mid-range , `` exotic '' places . 
  there 's quite a few in the slightly fancy areas of berlin . 
  in tel aviv , i think i 've eaten at two mexican places . 
  i think there 's several villages called venice , but they 're probably built in a swamp or something . 
  [ only one remains ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/lykov_family ) :(, 
  there is at least one hermit community in siberia that 's been on the news lately . 
  we do ? 
  sounds like more of a universal human experience than a cultural difference . 
  from having had both french and american friends , this is like something either of them might do . 
  * maybe she likes you * and does n't know how to feel about it . 
  yes !, 
  paris is very very unsafe !, 
  come to glorious lithuania instead . 
  only one city but plenty of villages and trees with no risk of terror attack or criminal activity . 
  oh goodness , i thought you were latvian and had a little heart attack for a moment, 
  people got something to talk and argue about as if any of them actually wanted to come here . 
  it provides some entertainment . 
  anyone can legally say they hate the jews or whoever else , wtf . 
  it 's not legal to incite violence against them . 
  even that is very vaguely enforced . 
  brother , you are literally the only ones who could give the slightest shit . 
  and that 's what i 'm getting at . 
  to op , a place like yugoslavia looks like a monolith because they 're `` white '' , while it 's really a clusterfuck of mish-mash ethnicities and sundry genetics trying to kill each other for being different . 
  ( yes , i am aware that the situation is more nuanced than i have expressed it ), 
  to the american you 're all the same russkies . 
  names are also arbitrary , a montenegrin friend was born around the war and was going to be named a certain name but then shit happened and it was a name more commonly used by croats so he got a more `` serbian '' , `` nationalist '' one instead but some of the most famous guys bearing it are bosnian and croatian , so what, 
  for europeans it can be hard to connect skin/hair color and identity as overwhelmingly as americans seem to . 
  have you ever heard about the breakup of yugoslavia and what came afterwards ? 
  all of those people looked the same , had the same names and language . 
  ethnicity is absolutely a social construct . 
  well , they live here , so i dunno ... ca n't be too bd . 
  there was a racist attack several years ago on an indian girl , these things are well publicized but rare . 
  children outside of big cities and tourist spots might be surprised , ones from vilnius do n't care . 
  yeah , the shit i 've seen in germany ... oddly enough , in the baltics people generally do n't shoot heroin or slit each other 's throats in the middle of busy streets . 
  we 're backwards like that . 
  also we speak english perfectly well . 
  that said , i 'd choose western europe for a first trip too . 
  everywhere has a polish population these days though you might not want to come near some of them , but you can get by with english in most places in western europe . 
  berlin , no problem at all . 
  the question is , what do you want from a town ? 
  you enjoy the more cospomolitan , busy feel or would you rather live in a small place with nature ? 
  we * are * the immigrants . 
  for me i 'd say it 's the balkans , but probably because i have personal connections to the place and pay attention to it . 
  they are so fucking insane . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3di3f0/naked_estonian_tries_to_stab_a_croatian_customs/ ) ai n't a balkan dude but i truly believe that it just rubbed off on him . 
  it 's also where the liberland is trying to happen . 
  edit : were you also on / r/outoftheloop today ? 
  this . 
  i 've had americans ask `` hi , how areeee yooooooouuuuuuuu ??? '', 
  and then walk away .
