  that 's why people are excited about lidl . 
  it 's amazing . 
  i woke up and the top news in delfi was a live video broadcast from the opening . 
  the mayors of every city came . 
  the minister of economy was there inspecting the milk prices . 
  people actually pitched a tent overnight . 
  there 's security , traffic control and ambulances waiting . 
  people are completely losing their shit . 
  i took a nap and dreamt i was visiting all the lidls in lithuania with heavenly music playing in the background , and it was * fucking awesome * . 
  i 'd actually go if i was n't so hungover . 
  take some pictures , enjoy standing in line , pick up some bananas . 
  edit : i 'm reading people 's live comments from location and cracking up ( `` beje kazkas garsiai sauke nahu.i ta maxima '' ) , this is the best day i 've had in weeks, 
  if i do n't get 45 cent uht-milk i 'm going to fucking riot . 
  german grocery prices are heaven . 
  lidl plz we ca n't take no more, 
  i think we win besides that switzerland guy . 
  let the riesling flow !, 
  i 'm a rheinl\u00e4nder inside , but my body was born lithuanian . 
  the soviet style seems like urban bedroom neighborhoods , not suburbs . 
  they 're usually at the discount jeans section in primark . 
  true fact . 
  please , we need everyone we can get . 
  i know a bunch of expats and they all seem very happy here . 
  whenever i hang around with foreign friends people come up and talk to them without end ( that homeless guy with a dream of berlin was a treat ) . 
  then again , i live in a well-off , liberal , multicultural area so i might be biased . 
  it means `` mute '', 
  not for those prices they are n't . 
  german goods are cheaper . 
  you ca n't deny facts . 
  groceries in germany are cheaper and better quality . 
  i was shocked when i saw that their sausages consist of basically meat and fat . 
  where do you meet russians like that ? 
  i meet a russian that does n't speak the language maybe once in half a year . 
  can you meet tigers in the wild ? 
  are they dangerous ? 
  some people forced me to speak russian there . 
  i do n't speak russian . 
  interesting times and fascist accusations were had . 
  \\  eurovision \\  unique, 
  we hate russians ? 
  i want to say something nice about the weather but ca n't figure out what . 
  currently trying to decide between vodka and radlers for the picnic !, 
  what the hell is everyone on about with the currency ? 
  \\  lithuania \\  cheap, 
  how to afford food, 
  they were trashed so hard they remained neutral ever since, 
  dam son, 
  \\  liechtenstein that 's just a bit sad . 
  families in lithuania are often very dysfunctional and violent . 
  people only marginally turned on violence against children after several kids were killed by parents who 'd been previously investigated by social services , they passed a law prohibiting beating children ( which was too unpopular to pass for years ) , then another kid got killed and they 're like `` lol the law does n't work fuck that law '' . 
  there 's nowhere to put abused kids . 
  emigrants living in norway are absolutely outraged the social services there do n't allow them to beat children . 
  violence against spouses is also considered normal . 
  transition to market society was pretty fucked though , i agree, 
  lol no, 
  i got grilled so hard before admitting i have an anxiety disorder , lol . 
  at least twenty `` why are you nervous ? '', 
  then for some reason they took off and scanned my shoes . 
  they invented those tiny white dogs that look like toys and need to wear a tiny ponytail on their heads . 
  bruh same, 
  um fyi people do n't have to be ethnically discriminated to emigrate to western europe . 
  not if you overdose on paracetamol , apparently it takes a month to die . 
  i actually had a couple of these from h&m but made in romania . 
  nice to see traditional clothing adopted into modern style . 
  you 're free to buy one of these outfits for 1000 $ . 
  white bread is not bread . 
  batoncide now, 
  pork fat and butter are flavor enough for any dish . 
  i probably would n't eat that if it was free :|, 
  what did you do to it ? 
  grill it ? 
  boil it ??? 
  you probably desecrated that poor innocent weisswurst and danced on its grave : /, 
  it 's funny he 's said he 's been discriminated in lithuania for his russian accent but his accent in english is lithuanian as fuuuuuuuuuuck, 
  the money 's great until your heir comes back turned gay by the varangians ... 
  lol , the russian ca n't even do a decent russian accent, 
  lol ... like the belarusian shrimp in your supermarkets ? 
  hello !, 
  am female . 
  maybe we should make a sub for european women ? 
  it would probably be dead though , it seems like reddit is still a kind of underground and nerdy thing so it 's not popular here : /, 
  it sucks when i subscribe for the art & science aspects of it but all anyone wants to talk about is the discount at their nearest walmart . 
  do you want a flood of selfies ? 
  that 's how you get a flood of selfies . 
  for some reason there are very few europeans in there . 
  ( beauty subreddits at least ) i always get so excited . 
  yeah ... there 's no trace of her later history though she did marry a german aristocrat so who knows . 
  dorit tho , i live in israel right now and it 's an ultra jewish name , no google pings for any non-jews using this variation at all . 
  ( it 's derived from dor , a unisex hebrew name ) there was also a long history of polish jews moving to germany before that period and becoming very integrated in german society before an exodus of russian jews stoked social tensions similar to muslims today . 
  so i do n't think it 's that far fetched and i 'm curious . 
  more natural lighting bringing down the unnatural b & w contrast , slimmer face , higher cheekbones , lighter eyeshadow , softer eyebrows , wider mouth , a generally more androgynous look that is popular today . 
  also , her hair is n't curled as flamboyantly . 
  the fashion at the time was for a round white face , small mouth and huge eyes , all neotenic traits possibly influenced by the 1910s waif look , while nowadays chiseled tan slim faces , big mouths and slightly slanty eyes are standard for pageant contestants . 
  that and crazy amounts of photoshop, 
  that 's a shovel of overly-white face powder and 5 hours in ~ ~ photoshop ~ ~ ~ ~ retouching studio ~ ~ literal photoshop, 
  more practical though , `` attractive bachelor with black hair would intend to marry a widow with at least 300 litas savings '', 
  it 's a cultural norm , from the 20s to the mid-60s you only really see short hair in photos of everyday women , and * loose * long hair has been acceptable in very , very few periods in history in the european and east asian cultures i 'm familiar with , like some medieval european periods and several chinese and japanese dynasties . 
  have you seen 70s school photos ? 
  and my dad 's are from the ussr where they literally caught long haired men in the streets and cut their hair off, 
  dorit is a hebrew name , heh .
