  it 's a bit of a joke for i wish to be german so bad ( not really ) . 
  like when i got a bunch of french and germans into a very tiny room for my birthday and got a bit concerned about the geopolitical situation . 
  to be honest a lot of you can be fucking assholes who cluster with each other and refuse to stop speaking french even though you 're on an exchange semester to learn the goddamn language and know the goddamn culture ... but there are some outstandingly good french people as well , mostly english students :d strassbourg is also nice , they yelled at us in a mcdonalds to stop talking english and start talking german . 
  give back elsass, 
  nothing could be farther from the truth . 
  i hate france because i love germany . 
  and your language sounds bad . 
  does anyone ever properly learn english at school ? 
  everyone i know just learned from the tv . 
  i do n't even know why i hate france so much anymore . 
  but those images gave me pancreatic cancer . 
  i am going hungry and eating carrots that only give me a stomachache . 
  pretending to be latvian i guess ? ... 
  russians from soviet union . 
  it 's still in living memory , some of my friends ' parents were transplanted here and still have the soviet colonialist mentality but the younger generation is very integrated . 
  there used to be ethnic tensions during soviet times but not anymore . 
  if we could successfully assimilate them , we need all the immigrants we can get . 
  m-maybe we 'll get some cute and adorable belarusian refugees someday ... ; _ ;, 
  russians in lithuania do n't live in ghettos but are dispersed and integrated . 
  the only majority russian town , formed around the nuclear plant , contributes a lot of culture to the mainstream . 
  it depends a lot on the quality and composition of the photo , a dead black person floating in a dark sea does n't look as interesting as a european-looking baby in a horrible , hopeless pose like a painting . 
  also , the photo has to hit at just the right moment of the public 's interest in the story . 
  who even cares ? 
  we got refugees !, 
  he sounded like some shit from the alchemist , such wisdom i can get on facebook from my stoner cousins . 
  i am not that good with poetry though , romantic period novellas all the way, 
  i want moar !, 
  ohhhh i thought you meant take a shit , because obviously everyone is sitting anyway :p, 
  you ca n't do that though , someone needs to work . 
  and with cold you can run around in the snow to stay warm if you 're naked . 
  living and working in these conditions is different, 
  you briefly reminded me of that shepherd guy from pessoa 's poems . 
  god i hated that asshole, 
  we do this in health clinics , but generally only one person at a time can be physically away from the queue, 
  gezas , forsas , marozas , depending on your age and fuck knows what else, 
  what is a banlieue ? 
  we sent over a lot of ours . 
  did they lose them ??? 
  this is so beautifully russian . 
  yes we are win against little brother , finally, 
  how many sheep do you own ? 
  poland, 
  could you explain further ? 
  we exported all of our criminals to you for this ? 
  lol , you poor soul ... 
  i gather you have n't experienced the heat that does n't go away with shade , swimming , ventillator , night or ripping out your own brain , but i thought poland got pretty hot this summer ? 
  it 's impossible to get used to without slowing down and becoming lazy . 
  southern people complain about the cold but then put on some clothes and go on living their lives normally . 
  too big , looks like they 're pushing the other parts out, 
  czech people have those weird huge cheekbones . 
  i 'm pretty excited to see what kind of integration program we will have . 
  would be nice to indoctrinate a bunch of people into being lithuanian and retardedly proud of it ... it 's worked on quite a few russians anyway . 
  we say just \u010cekija in lt and i have n't yet bothered to find out why the other form is in use at all . 
  why is it ? 
  it depends , some do , some do n't . 
  i ca n't see flairs on mobile so what i say may be irrelevant to you , but i spent some time living in a pretty sizable town that 's a * suburb of vilnius * and it has a total of two kebab kiosks and one empty pizza place as its entire hospitality industry . 
  i could n't believe my own eyes . 
  speaking of villages , the one where we have a house has a young and growing community so it has already attracted amazing investments such as a food kiosk and a hair salon that is open two days a week by appointment . 
  ( not kidding , we 're actually impressed and happy ) that 's all within or next to capital city limits though , ordinary places do n't get to enjoy such luxuries . 
  and i have an apartment , therefore there are no homeless people . 
  takeout food ... eastern european village ... what are you , a millionaire ? 
  i mean , investment , rural development and such need to happen , but if you just drop a bunch of poor syrian motherfuckers in a place where the economy is based on exchanging potato digging labor for moonshine , and tell them to open a restaurant , someone in that equation is gon na have a bad time ... our villages are not really part of the first world yet . 
  asian restaurants are kind of a luxury to us . 
  like in latvia ? 
  like in brandenburg ? 
  like in spain ? 
  like in bulgaria ? 
  why did n't you invest in eastern poland ? 
  the guy is saying everyone can move to a small place , i provided an argument as to why that might be a bad idea . 
  about the fact that living in a village sometimes sucks ? 
  boy , i do n't know if science is advanced enough to verify such novel ideas . 
  we 're talking about rural areas in general . 
  no , i did n't live around military bases but i knew a lot of miscellaneous americans who would n't talk to the locals even though they 'd switch to english for them and everything . 
  and berlin is a different story altogether , you do n't even need to know german living there but goddamn why wo n't you, 
  i have n't seen in germany , unless you count `` haha wow , i feel like i 'm learning so much about myself from opening myself to these charming natives and learning about their ~ amazing ~ culture ! ~ '' as integration , otherwise they cluster like grapes . 
  but no matter , i just wanted to argue that one point :p, 
  yes euromonies pls yes prime corruption opportunity , but srsly pls euromonies . 
  fact : a 5 liter of federweisser once exploded in my room . 
  so do i , mohammad , so do i. . . hey free pants . 
  ... r u srs . 
  you ever seen an american actually integrated in a local society ? 
  do you know what a chinatown is ? 
  who do you think is going to eat everyday in a shitty refugee restaurant in a shitty redneck town in eastern europe ? 
  we have n't even * heard * of things like laundromats, 
  but fl\u00fcchtlinge are brand new info . 
  we need at least another billion !, 
  when i was younger my mom forbid me from reading delfi comments , i soon realized she was right, 
  i 'm pretty stupid :| also i was on the other side to look at it directly , from sankt goar , where there is a forest ... 
  flying back for federweisser is actually on the menu for fall if circumstances allow !, 
  oktoberfest in mainz is a bit disgusting though , but not as disgusting as the real one i 'd imagine ; - ; who wants some oktoberfest with mediocre beer and palanga-type festivities when you can get a full shopping cart of those liter bottles of federweisser for a euro and a half , and ripen them to your preferred alcohol content ? 
  it 's not desert dry but it 's just the right amount . 
  got ta look up other places to visit with similar climates , was certainly enjoyable . 
  i 've been to see the loreley at least four times already and still get lost everytime ... fuck , now i must cry and have no wine . 
  i fucking miss the wine . 
  young wine starts in a month ... and there is no way to transport it over here . 
  some things will just never be the same here :(, 
  i am sensitive to temperature and afraid of getting a cold . 
  female first world problems . 
  :( that place is mainz , it has a special wine-growing microclimate and sand dunes . 
  all the other lithuanian girls started getting scaly , flaky and dried up , and thought it was the water , but i stopped being oily and having any skin problems .
