  so english actually has the crazier , longer words that are identical in function and formation to the infamous german ones . 
  this is impossible , but i really want belarus . 
  they are bros and it seems nice to visit but applying for a visa seems like a pain in the ass . 
  good girls drink cider , bad girls drink beer . 
  and , around my neighborhood , shitty indie rock bands with fedoras . 
  germany should be banned from talking about beer altogether ( as per the mention as a default beer country ) . 
  i was at a beer festival in berlin lately , sampling stuff from all over the country ... while you can find interesting beers sometimes , the variety of what is actually bought and consumed is pitiful . 
  lithuania is really leaps and bounds ahead . 
  tsipras is kinda hot . 
  merkel is cute & adorable . 
  i 've kinda given up on following international political personalities much deeper . 
  why ? 
  note about lithuania : it is traditionally called `` herb/grass day '' for the blessing of herbs in churches , and so is our local version of 4/20 . 
   cappy gspritzt https://img.4plebs.org/boards/tv/image/1401/58/1401589120582.jpg, 
  how do you tell russians and belarusians apart then ? 
  stereotype or not , they * will * always buy you a drink . 
  i think my liver is starting to go . 
  too much diversity ... 
  such things are difficult to answer objectively , for me the local russians i know are the same in every way except their accent . 
  only met one putinbot in real life , but he 's such a marvellously , flawlessly insufferable and repugnant person that i 'm suspecting it 's all an act . 
  it 's a complicated issue . 
  polish-descended people living in cities are one thing , but i know people who come from isolated village communities , and it 's a different world . 
  someone 's family actually stopped talking to one of their own for marrying a lithuanian . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  lol, 
  half of parents in the baltics would probably be unfit by any standards of human decency . 
  so i can afford this ambrosia, 
  weeeell * hello there * herr wassermann ... 
  omgggggg i need to get a job, 
  lol , that albania/slovenia contrast . 
  a male mermaid is called a merman . 
  ugh , beer in the heat is the worst . 
  makes you sleepy , bloated and have to run to some dirty bushes every fifteen minutes . 
  our polish brothers have the right idea with vodka and juice . 
  huuuuh it just came back to me but i think i knew a vlad once , ten years ago , who was n't russian . 
  he was a mysterious fellow, 
  all of this is destroying my worldview . 
  plz stop , i 'm already sick from the heat, 
  if people actually eat pierogi at the beach i 'll throw up, 
  yugos on personal result-dependent scholarships to study there , not so much . 
  yeah . 
  ca n't go wrong with nida though . 
  what i do n't understand is why people go to the places in summer to enjoy 40c temperature d : surely , good weather is a consistent 27 or so , not those hellish conditions ? 
  i have no idea what these myrtle and atlantic things are . 
  palanga is the mainstream destination crowded with families and lower class youngsters , trashy pop music and overpriced food if you do n't know the local places . 
  that said , i 'm going there in a couple of weeks with my sister and her kids because it has some beautiful nature and history around it , the botanical park and amber museum are lovely and it 's quite easy to avoid the noisy center . 
  i 'm looking forward to showing everything to the kids . 
  for an actually classy place , fill up your wallet and go to nida , it 's beautiful , unique and liked by germans . 
  10/10 recommended to every tourist , the campsite is also nice . 
  check out the great dunes and boats on the lagoon . 
  klaip\u0117da / memel is a nice place but the old town is kinda small and for a decent beach you have to take the ferry everytime . 
  i 'm kinda bored by the fact that they have like one real street . 
  there are smaller towns along the coast as well , more quiet and simple . 
  also , fishers ' villages on the lagoon . 
  i would also recommend a trip to vilnius in september , it 's the perfect month . 
  they do have that flag pig . 
  holy shit , just how expensive are polish resorts ? 
  everyone 's been saying for years that it 's cheaper to vacation in turkey than palanga . 
  i 've been to the sea in poland ( sopot and some village next to stutthof ) and it seemed cheaper and nicer . 
  long time ago, 
  happens . 
  at least he was n't shooting up heroin right there . 
  one night in berlin i heard behind me two guys in tracksuits speaking lithuanian , one complaining to the other `` i know they 're following me , they have cameras , they know , they 're listening to everything everywhere . 
  but i 'm going to outsmart them you know '' . 
  i tried to act as inconspicuous as possible . 
  also a very large rat ran past us . 
  what a city . 
  maybe palanga expects russian tourists , you guys tend to visit only vilnius . 
  it 's not the classiest place ever, 
  oh man ... so , so , so true ... 
  i 'm getting flashbacks . 
  tbh from my small sample size the serb friend would yell about kosovo at smaller provocations and more often , but the montenegrin would be louder and angrier when he did . 
  the first hated albanians , and the second liked albanians and hated turks . 
  neither was lazy because you ca n't really afford that living in the eu , but both were involved with their family to an insane extent . 
  more research needed ? 
  how did they do it ? 
  you ca n't call this life . 
  so what 's the difference between them , are serbs more hardworking , less or more crazy , or what ? 
  or are they just less interested in feverishly talking about mountains , guns and resisting the turks for 500 years ? 
  go away kreuzspinne, 
  thankfully i 'm ~ ~ going ~ ~ fleeing to germany tomorrow . 
  hope i make it in time !, 
  we ded . 
  i 've visited a few places but the one i keep loving above all else is vilnius . 
  maybe because i 'm used to it and of family history or whatever , but it just seems to have great nature and scenery , the perfect size to get everywhere on foot , beautiful , lots of cultural events ... 
  i find the nightlife great as you can visit a ton of different places , which is pretty hard in berlin , and there 's usually either quality music or chill people looking to make friends . 
  ( pretty much never both though ) everything seems connected , everyone knows each other and adventures are easy to find . 
  living in mainz and hanging out in the rhine-main metropolitan area was also great . 
  cozy , friendly , multicultural , wine drinking , not beautiful but close to some kickass nature , well-connected ... also , the weather is fucking awesome . 
  you got your seasons but the air is always dry so it 's not unpleasant , and summer is sweet . 
  i 'm starting to hate berlin tho . 
  it 's just not natural to live on flatland . 
  wow , you sound exactly like the dad from the amazing world of gumball :0, 
  yes ... then all my friends might return :'), 
  yeah , they drink beer like water . 
  which it totally is outside of bavaria . 
  funny how that works out . 
  germany seems to have beer flowing 24/7 ( i 've had to * wade * on a train with police officers present ) but i 've only seen a tiny fraction of the trouble we have here with public ban and sales restrictions . 
  and i 've been around a lot of alcohol . 
  [ #feelingruby ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/oipxrh0c9te/maxresdefault.jpg ) , the sole reason why i no longer go outside .
