  magic . 
  the place is heaven , i tell you . 
  wine . 
  party . 
  autumn wine . 
  mild weather . 
  christmas wine always mit schuss . 
  wear the same coat you wore in lithuania in july , but with a sweater underneath . 
  wine for spring . 
  wine festival for summer . 
  wine . 
  it 's the fucking humidity that gets me , if it 's 27 you ca n't breathe , if it 's 20 you need a jacket and the temperature is always sure to change by 10 degrees during the day or just depending on the wind so you have to put your jacket on and off ten times while walking down one street . 
  there 's a special place in germany with very dry climate and it 's heavenly , the 39c heat is pleasant , the -15 c cold is pleasant , rain comes and goes pretty fast , even my skin looked beautiful :( but everything is beautiful , the summer nights are long and our clouds are the best in the world from my experience . 
  plz refugees 2 come , not like they can be worse than our locals anyway, 
  we have a pretty high home ownership rate compared to western europe , which is a huge factor for social equality - even though most people have shitty homes in provinces , there are still very very few who do n't actually have a family with a home at all , which adds a lot of safety . 
  even the city of vilnius is n't as stratified by social class as many other places ... in comparison , there are places where housing is literally a cartel taking jacked-up rent from a majority of residents , and you have no choice but to give up most of your pay or be homeless . 
  then again , heating prices ... monopolies monopolies . 
  as a young country we also have opportunities for infrastructure beyond what old farts in western europe are used to , more flexibility and better technology adoption ... which all has to be balanced with social equality , but whatever i do n't even know why i 'm talking about this tl ; dr lithuania is pretty cool hope we manage to invent decent weather someday, 
  hehe , highfive , same situation :d the cleanliness really depends in berlin as well , at least we do n't have bums sleeping or shooting up heroin on busy streets . 
  really busy streets , i mean wtf you 're gon na get bumped or something !, 
  the kindergartens are plentiful in prenzlauer berg but western germany has so few it 's severely impacting their birthrate , not even a joke . 
  according to a better-travelled friend of mine , vilnius is pretty much almost nordic compared to the rest of eastern europe and especially the south . 
  especially in our mentality . 
  we 're catching up . 
  just a heads up , germany 's kindergarten situation is horrific and we 're way better than berlin at being clean . 
  it 's not so bad here in some aspects, 
  pls . 
  we have nothing . 
  give more . 
  we 've been giving aid to third countries and political movements of our own accord and taking in chechen refugees just to show a middle finger to russia , i think we 'll be fine . 
  like , as to what point you are trying to make, 
  brother , you 're kind of confused . 
  ca n't be arsed to look for ten year old newspapers , but yes , our politicians officially formulated a `` new foreign policy '' to become a leader in the eastern region by giving aid to developing democracies who want to oppose russia , like georgia and the belarusian opposition . 
  it was criticized as being a pretty random and weird thing to do although it was nice , and has been kinda forgotten lately as we have bigger problems with russia and are instead developing connections with immediate neighbors . 
  you do n't remember all of this ? 
  how old are you ? 
  i have no idea why you 're being so aggressive about 19th century georgian history , but what i explained was the reasons why lithuania and georgia have a special relationship right now . 
  every georgian i 've met treated me as a sibling , just like latvians , and it 's not because of some settlers and wwi refugees , but directly because of our recent investment there . 
  what exactly do you think i am making up ? 
  where did i say `` lithuania and georgia did n't know about each other until 15 years ago '' ? 
  i was studying political science in an institution connected to this , participating in our regional outreach programs ( like training belarusian `` future leaders '' , lol ) , taking an active interest in georgian political situation , talking to people involved in this at the time and other georgians grateful for our very recent involvement , but sure . 
  you 're free to provide a history of the much more important 19th century lithuanian-georgian relations no one 's heard about . 
  edit : fuck i 'm old . 
  i only realized this now . 
  we have political and financial connections , our politicians ten years ago decided to be big brother to you because we were n't relevant elsewhere . 
  i studied with a georgian ambassador 's son or whatever in uni and knew a georgian girl whose father lived in vilnius doing politics , all due to these connections . 
  i got a tick walking on a sidewalk in a university campus in germany . 
  always be alert !, 
  as we are discussing the phenomenon of refugees going into israel at all , your comment was fairly irrelevant and derailing . 
  also kind of useless to me as i 've been following this and the recent protests by blacks in israel on live ticker , but thanks for letting me know . 
  what ? 
  those are luxurious tents , especially for summer in hungary . 
  you ever been camping or in a festival ? 
  ahhh the golden liberty, 
  um ... take a look at these numbers : https://www.wikiwand.com/en/illegal_immigration_from_africa_to_israel i have no idea how they 'd be getting into israel , but apparently 70,000 people did . 
  your point being ? ... 
  there are leftists in poland ? 
  what the fug, 
  4th place in world cup ? 
  bulgaria is a great empire . 
  i do n't really understand ? ... 
  they do , it 's full of refugees . 
  edit : oh it 's about arab war refugees , in that case i do n't know . 
  there 's a lot of african asylum seekers israel , some put it at 10 % of tel aviv population which really does n't seem like a high number when you visit . 
  i know this guy that plays in a country band so apparently they have ways out of their poverty . 
  i ca n't believe you have an ireland flair , is everything i know a lie ? 
  actually our ex president was a refugee at the exact age of 18 . 
  it was considered honorable to flee and continue building lithuanian society and culture abroad , rather than work for the russians . 
  the ones who stayed to fight were on a suicide mission and are viewed controversially although some say it helped discourage russians from settling there . 
  ( either that or the fact we were an unattractive remote agricultural region ) so yeah ... flee . 
  but this is just plain truth , not stereotypes . 
  i fucking love swabian food , oh man, 
  yeah , we have locals like that here , especially preying on old disabled retirees . 
  they are n't on the level of thinking about things like `` community '' either . 
  `` judo partner '' :d, 
  i just have to say that i love the phrasing `` does n't feel good for most '' . 
  great review of the holocaust, 
  i 'll leave your comment up to display my stupidity . 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/01629770300000171#.vervx_mqqko 550000 refugees in russia after wwi www.lituanus.org/1983_2/83_2_03.htm 50000 in germany after wwii some of my own luckier family members managed to flee to poland during wwii , if i were there i 'd definitely scram and do n't think being female excuses me any more . 
  join the soviets and get fucked , the nazis and get fucked , or stay and get fucked ? 
  i 'll take the refugee camp plz . 
  vilnius university best university !, 
  we have the most beautiful campus and the nicest bell tower and the best frescoes , and it represents lithuania at that park of little europe miniatures wherever . 
  tomorrow there will be a parade of all the different faculties with props and costumes and it 's all quite fun . 
  i was told by someone that heidelberg is pretty fancy regardless . 
  one would n't expect eastern europe to be more organized , but comparing my lithuanian university to the one where i studied in germany , we are downright swiss on steroids-level efficient , streamlined and integrated . 
  it 's not that the german one is bad , per se , but it 's really bizarre to navigate an institution that seems to function like an oriental bazaar with the different offices all erecting their own stalls and `` working '' in their own way and their own pace , without it all being unified for some sort of purpose . 
  i mean , the sheer size and complexity of it is astounding - like the number of little paper sheets that students paste on the dozens of noticeboards advertising that they were lucky to get `` lecture x '' in the online system and want to exchange it to `` seminar y '' , and are available to go to the office and sort this out at these hours ... and then you have the lines camping out next to the office trying to do just that , for two hours before they are told that fuck you , no natives today , we are only serving erasmus students . 
  then the erasmus student sits for two hours and it turns out that no one is , in fact , showing up because `` we do n't really know why , to be honest '' . 
  :d it 's like a hallucination !, 
  it was terrible then and it 's terrible now , come on guys ca n't we have some damn variety ? 
  haha , you should try getting brigaded on / r/makeupaddiction . 
  wars , famine , refugees and eternal national vendettas are small fry compared to arguments about eyeliner . 
  not appetizing looking but ostensibly delicious by logical association from available knowledge , smart kid . 
  i love it , there 's so much stuff happening in little kosovo !, 
  what kind of leaf ? 
  i 'm not * that * deep into the beer circlejerk yet , if it has a japanese name it 's japanese to me . 
  does n't taste good enough to investigate anyway . 
  it probably depends on the social circle and class of the older person as the ones i speak to seem to be used to strong drinks but also scandalized by the idea of young people drinking vodka for fun . 
  tastes remarkably more like stomach acid than one would expect .
