  at least in lithuania , i think most indians would be recognized as darker than arabs , and in any case the only question to them would be `` why would you even come here from a nice warm country ? '', 
  the unidentified , mysterious subtle fire smell in the spring , autumn and sometimes summer . 
  it can come up anywhere you go , bringing a feeling of faraway meadows , villages and traveling through a thin budding forest . 
  subtler than simple smoke smell , with a hint of the sparks over a bonfire . 
  they have an urge to get something else wet here . 
  this kills the burly man, 
  :o das ist verboten in public spaces !, 
  i think lithuania sounds like drunk burly men roaring and cannonballing into a lake on a summer day . 
  it 's understandable to jeer in an actual philharmonic because you could n't read the concert information ? 
  out of all baltic countries , lithuanian russians are the best integrated , just fyi . 
  i just know them for marrying . 
  they sure liked to marry . 
  i do n't think they have any other relevance to lithuanian history . 
  they 're nice enough in lithuania but do n't expect a follow up to your case . 
  the german ones i 've met were fucking angels . 
  did you try reading the comments ? 
  i find / r/askwomen pretty good for all kinds of discussion , you can submit an experience asking what others think and how they would deal with it , and a sympathetic discussion develops . 
  / r/rapecounseling might help with specifics . 
  tzarist oppression . 
  this happened to me in a library . 
  not sure what can be said , it 's good to sink your nails into this asshole 's eyes but you still feel bad . 
  on another note , maybe you would feel better submitting it to one of the women-dominated subs to share experiences , instead of the more politically-minded / r/europe ? 
  yes , i want everyone to join and be brothers and love each other forever ; _ ;, 
  i hope they leave and fade away , and i get all my friends back . 
  they said it was incredibly gray , soviet looking , disturbing amount of alexander statues and all the mess of greece with none of the beauty . 
  i want to go to serbia for my friend 's wedding . 
  also italy because it 's beautiful , even though i 've already been . 
  uk because i love museums . 
  i guess i do n't want to macedonia , friends went and said is was awful . 
  if you 've spent any time in a ghetto highschool , it 's not bystander effect . 
  covered in bones of dead lithuanians . 
  they are adorable . 
  i met a girl once that told me she was slovakian studying in prague but later in her facebook i found no indication of slovakia , and i 've never met a slovak since . 
  extremely mysterious , every other nation is usually hanging around loud and proud telling everyone . 
  really ? 
  i think it 's pretty average as governments go , admittedly not a high bar . 
  well apparently it 's not working well enough !, 
  i must agree . 
  it 's supposed to be a mix of serbia and italy , with the craziness and mafia of both . 
  they love pigs . 
  they have a lot of smelly pigs that they bred to look like their flag . 
  they try to build smelly pig farms in lithuania too . 
  do n't lithuanians post a disproportionate amount of stuff about their country here ? 
  bulgarians are assholes . 
  even in this thread , i forgot it exists . 
  adding to the other guy : 3 ) the colonial guys were ethnic germans controlled by the duchy of lithuania . 
  8 ) we have the same thing . 
  9 ) we do that too . 
  12 ) we also like to claim the curonians as our heritage . 
  poor latvia . 
  same . 
  it 's one of the only euro countries i 've never met anyone from , and i 've never been given a convincing reason why it even exists . 
  my friends went there on vacation and could n't figure it out either . 
  it 's legal in austria . 
  w. . . wait , really ? 
  i think older people like drinking shots of spirits like brandy or liqueur with dessert or coffee ; we used to do this all the time with old ladies at work . 
  vodka is recommended by grannies as the healthy drink . 
  young people drink lots of beer on the weekend . 
  you 're right , tel aviv is easy on the eyes . 
  but that urban planning though ... 
  what the fuck is going on in there ? 
  whut , frankfurt is lovely . 
  i was feeling pretty bad about our museums until i saw this . 
  def worth a visit if interested in lithuania . 
  i always struggle to show something to foreign guests in vilnius ... 
  the baltic sea is n't very deep . 
  drunkenness is an asset to you . 
  make friends with a lot of germans at the bar , invite them to the international parties ( a lot of people really want to attend them but just do n't know anyone there ) , go to their parties , organize group outings ( fb event the grand wednesday park picnic of 2016 tell your friends ) , throw a party at your place and invite people from your classes plus one ... maybe it 's my town that was that friendly , but i still talk to a lot of germans from back then and miss the times when it was so easy to make new friends . 
  try more dorm , general campus and house parties and student bars . 
  i made tons of native friends that way , and once you 've met a few the rest just snowballs . 
  the first thing that comes to mind is complicated , there 's a lot of aspects to austria and austrian culture . 
  when i say `` austrija '' in my native tongue , i think of mountains . 
  i have a lot of stereotypes about the people from living in germany , what i know for sure is that they discriminate against my german friend who 's studying there and they make a point of being as different as possible . 
  i think my country sees austria as `` snobby germany '' . 
  i 'm going to israel , where one of my friends nearly got stabbed by a terrorist recently and they keep on with the stabbins n shootins pretty regularly , so no . 
  maybe i should bring a thicker jacket though . 
  i think i just might , if not today then on sunday night !, 
  sleeping for twelve hours a day lately , not sure if it 's because my window was duct-taped shut and i have no oxygen , or the low-pressure zone coming into lithuania and the humidity and snow . 
  but it 's good i woke up late because tonight the mission is to get shitfaced through the night . 
  anyone wan na suggest me a drink to try first ? 
  omg, 
  i turned something wrong or it was already deformed due to the cold , not sure but i do n't like it , no sir !, 
  cold cold nights and days , so cold . 
  i 'm glad it gave at least someone joy because it seems that everyone here both complains like it 's the national sport , and complains about other complainers as if hearing someone 's troubles gives you their cancer . 
  complain away !, 
  it 's what gives us our soul and separates us from the lowly americans . 
  if you wan na wander through the city as a forest of fucking light balls , just have a good cry and get your eyes swollen , it 's a passable approximation of moderate myopia . 
  and most of my friends are not here , but the very few ones that remain are the ones that got themselves relationships and thus do n't need to move out of their warm , fart-filled nests except to get more morsels to feed their lovers . 
  yes , i mad  : c where does one even go to get friends in their mid-20s ? 
  thanks , gave me the idea to at least stick a shirt in it , and if i do n't manage to get it fixed bubble wrap it is !, 
  they 're really new windows too :( ( ( ( ( (, 
  wan na switch ? 
  i have -20 with a broken window . 
  i ca n't tell how expensive things are so buy more useless shit , help, 
  boy this thread got me excited . 
  i 'm full of rage . 
  my windows are fucking leaking cold frozen hell into the room , someone broke my glasses at the new years party , contact lenses make my eyes itch , it got too humid today to take proper walks to avoid hacking my cabin fever colleagues to death ... ca n't fucking afford new glasses , look shit in glasses anyway , ca n't find blue hair conditioner anywhere so my hair is orange like some weird mutant straw , hate the way tights feel under jeans , my shoes are ugly and drip water , the support group i went to was n't supportive enough , did n't have time to cook my lentils today , stupid conscience decided i should n't drink , town is full of happy couples even in this shit weather , i 'm all out of yerba mate , my workbook papers are scattered , not enough wool socks , wool scarf too uncomfortable to wrap around neck , my drawing sucks , mom asks too many questions , going to the city without glasses is just a forest of fucking light balls , everything is expensive , i want a kebab but it 's not worth the money , none of my friends want to party ... at least i 'm a good lithuanian , all things considering . 
  jesus christ , is that ever true ... ... 
  it makes sense that the police would create the campaign based on their experiences , but it 's also important to make sure that both genders feel safe and validated in recognizing abuse . 
  good for the group in this article , very glad .
