  it was a big phenomenon . 
  my friend probably buy in germany after all since he has to go there at some point . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm from lithuania and i do n't think anyone here knows how much a car costs in greece . 
  any idea how your country compares to the surrounding area , like balkans or austria ? 
  there 's a straight highway through poland that goes towards berlin ... that 's the wasteland, 
  i go to germany quite often and it 's just an endless straight line through vast bleak wasteland : c it was awful before they put movies in all the buses . 
  saw a while ago we in lithuania were the fattest country in eastern europe , but that 's pretty much all due to old people . 
  a lot of young people look unhealthily skinny to me and asses are nonexistent . 
  i 'm not for it and believe it should be a choice for older people , but just for information/perspective i have n't noticed cut dicks being any less sensitive , on the contrary actually . 
  more inconvenient to handle though . 
  source : been around the block a few times, 
  poland is really big and boring to drive through when you want to get anywhere by bus, 
  i learned this on mainz !, 
  it sounds friendlier to me . 
  [ liliputas ] ( https://lt.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/liliputas_%28s%c5%abris%29?wprov=sfla1 ) , a lithuanian cheese that tastes very milky and smooth and is really fun to cut . 
  i have n't really found anything else like it . 
  yay !, 
  first non-soviet testimony !, 
  thank you !, 
  in my yard the lithuanian kids called it `` sekretas '' with a heavy russian accent . 
  maybe this soviet thing still prevails because it 's a very ethnically mixed neighborhood ? 
  is there a russian word for this ? 
  i 'd like to search and find out more, 
  my yard is behind the times ; _ ;, 
  i vividly remember one festive evening when some kid found a car with a broken window and everyone flocked around it to scoop up the `` diamonds '' into their pockets . 
  collecting trash is still one of my greatest joys in life . 
  i 've seen this mentioned as a soviet thing , so maybe it 's not common anymore ? 
  but i think i 've seen some 8 year olds do it in the playground recently , very secretive from the other kids but did n't mind an adult seeing it . 
  maybe it 's more of a girl thing too . 
  it 's easier than explaining ... 
  who let you in here ? 
  yes , especially with the pink soup in summer . 
  i love them . 
  it 's an extremely offensive remark in that context ... in my own country though , you 'd mostly call someone a `` gypsy '' if they travel a lot and do n't settle down . 
  thank you for the effort but it looks like cancer :(, 
  i had an israeli arab friend in germany who was an avid player of american football , so i have a bit of a soft spot for the game even though i 've never watched it . 
  i was assigned in my school to be cannabis man because of being skinny :(, 
  oh mann ... every year i ca n't celebrate fastnacht i die a little more inside, 
  hello brothers, 
  i can read russian sites with google translate as well ... 
  i tried to learn russian but it was too difficult for me at the time, 
  i 'm so sorry ... 
  i 'd like to learn more about this period of russian history , do you know any english-language articles and books that could explain it in detail to someone born in ' 89 ? 
  my family was quite affected by the '98 crisis but i mostly hear about the early 90s when i did n't have anything to eat since i was allergic to most food : /, 
  germans do that ? 
  i have never heard of it . 
  i bathed with siblings when i was small but you know ... 
  the `` scene '' is old guys in leather and long beards who do fun parades . 
  i guess they 're viewed positively because they do cultural events . 
  youngsters on loud motorcycles are viewed very negatively but it 's not too common , probably because of the climate ... 
  this might be obscure but estrella potato chips in the blue bag are the gold standard for party snacks . 
  god it 's hard living in a country without estrella . 
  i brought nivea back for my grandmother , stuff is still cheaper, 
  prost , skol , cheers , na zdravi , na zdravje , na zdravlje , na zdrowie , na zdarovje , za zdarovja , \u017eiveli , sante , salud , saude , cin cin , \u012f sveikat\u0105 ... can you guess which educational exchange i 've participated in, 
  driving the warsaw-berlin route will numb your brain , be sure to have some entertainment . 
  having to drive through poland is literally the worst part of living in lithuania . 
  between cologne and frankfurt i recommend visiting the middle rhine valley which is a super scenic unesco site with a crapload of castles and vineyards , st goar being a lovely place to have a forest hike on cliffs . 
  the only interesting thing i saw in munich is all the dirdnl bachelorette parties downtown and maybe olympic stadium . 
  do eat weisswurst there ( served in traditional places before noon ) , it 's probably my favorite german food . 
  use your time to see neuschwanstein . 
  cost of living in lithuania is low but the price of university ranges from 1000 to 10000 euros a year , depending on what you study . 
  there are a lot of english-language medicine programs , but i 'm not sure if any of them are cheap . 
  i 've talked to some people from egypt and other african countries who were studying engineering . 
  i think you might be eligible for a study loan if you get a job ( call centers are always hiring ) , but i 'm not sure how it works . 
  anyway , i doubt lithuania is at the top of your priority list . 
  edit : oh , applied colleges have varied english programs starting at ~ 1500 a year, 
  call centers will hire absolutely anyone who speaks good english . 
  it 's hard work but very good for a young person to find friends , both local and immigrant . 
  there are also quite a lot of foreign students in lithuania , from north africa as well . 
  old people care less about being naked . 
  in the pool i go to , younger women shower with their swimsuits on but older women are naked . 
  the seaside has women 's , men 's and mixed nude beaches which are also mostly dominated by older people . 
  going nude in public is uncommon and i have n't seen anyone try this at a lake , but i 've seen people get naked or topless in secluded meadows inside the city . 
  fair enough , i was going by my own social circle . 
  we have a lot of local poles and they are ... not that . 
  in my country there are plans for roaming in specific countries , for example if you jump between lithuania and the uk like a lot of us do . 
  not sure how prevalent they are in other countries . 
  there is also some sort of cap on roaming prices , which on my lithuanian carrier amounts to exactly the same price as using a german sim card in germany :d :d :d, 
  there is a special service you can complain to if you 're discriminated according to your race/gender/age / class/etc and they will apply sanctions . 
  i think hate crimes are also punished more strongly than regular assaults . 
  `` incitement to violence towards certain groups '' is a punishable offence on the internet . 
  i think it 's a standard un and eu human rights package . 
  i 'm sure you did n't ask a lithuanian opinion , but `` poles from actual poland '' are a wondrous , rare , ultra-civilized western beings to us . 
  it 's an automated bank ... 
  bankomatas . 
  in lithuania we have 8 % ethnic russians and 8 % poles , some of which also speak russian as their native language . 
  i 'd also say everyone over 30 speaks russian and everyone under 30 speaks english to varying degrees . 
  virtually everyone learns english in school first . 
  in my school , a lot of kids chose russian as their second foreign language , basically to fuck around and do nothing since a lot of them were already russian speakers and the others were expected to pick it up naturally outside of school . 
  this has been changing though , my ( somewhat rough ) childhood neighborhood used to have as much russian spoken in the streets as lithuanian , but these days lithuanian is overwhelming . 
  when i entered university with people born after independence , the only ones who could speak russian were ethnic russians and everyone else could n't speak a word . 
  right now i live in the center of the capital and i actually hear more english spoken than russian , schoolkids even mix a lot of english into their conversations . 
  it 's obviously different in areas with fewer foreigners . 
  i hear they do it as an incentive for people to register as residents in the city , which brings in more tax flow . 
  many people come to live in the capital but remain registered in their home towns . 
  lithuania is called `` the land of mary '' because mary is pretty popular . 
  some say it stems from ancient nature goddess worship, 
  there is stigma everywhere , but everyone i know has been very accepting and supportive for my severe depression . 
  i ca n't vouch for people with more `` unusual '' disorders , but i 've been through the system a lot and i think there 's a lot of help available , considering we do n't consider our medical system very advanced .
