  www.mamosreceptai.lt/uploads/modules/recipes/fullsize/4608.jpg nom nom . 
  i think this cheese is the exact fourth worst thing i 've ever smelled . 
  my dad loved it . 
  i know three people personally who got into germany with an artist 's visa . 
  apparently it 's easier to get than some other kinds . 
  they are from israel , so initially came on a tourist visa and then got the paperwork done . 
  now one is a uni student , one got married and one got citizenship . 
  do you get a tourist visa agreement with the eu ? 
  i know several greek people and they are perfectly ordinary , nice people . 
  my friends in lithuania , who are mostly very left-wing , have a rather negative view of them as a nation , especially the ones who have spent more time in greece . 
  at best it 's `` well , you ca n't help being corrupt and lazy when it 's that hot '' , at worst my friend , who 's the most docile , accepting , tolerant person in the world became depressed while volunteering in greece , because they were just squandering money and not doing their jobs , and he could n't fit in . 
  my mom is conservative and got a large pay cut during the recession , so i dread every time greece comes up on the news -_- germans seem to just be sorry for them . 
  my israeli friends do n't have a negative opinion of greeks as a people but view the place as a sad doomed shithole . 
  much like israel i guess . 
  if you want to work as an artist , you need connections first , apply for projects , grants , scholarships , make contact with artists and curators all over . 
  syria being a hot topic , you might be desirable for people to work with . 
  eastern europe has a nice art scene and we 're not bored of refugees so there 's quite some exhibitions and projects with `` omg exotic countries '' . 
  if you want to live by selling falafel in the netherlands though , i ca n't help you, 
  i 've lived in germany and the cheapest food there ( in most supermarket chains , not just aldi ) is cheaper and * much * better than here . 
  the sausages are made of meat ffs, 
  can you imagine the stickiness though ? 
  man , i misread your username as `` unapologetic_victory '' and thought to myself , that is one hell of a novelty account ... ... congratulations estonia, 
  some theories i found on the internet : 1 . 
  many people here are ethnic minorities , speaking foreign languages or with an accent = portuguese for some reason . 
  polish and portuguese in particular can sound similar 2 . 
  vilnius is in the corner of lithuania , like portugal is in europe 3 . 
  we are better at football . 
  our football team rose to prominence at a time the portuguese team was playing really well 4 . 
  portugal is connected to travelling , seafaring , and vilnius is a mix of different nations who `` travelled '' from somewhere else 5 . 
  port wine used to be popular 6 . 
  in times of the commonwealth , we used to mine a coin called `` portugal '' so many possibilities !, 
  no one knows for sure . 
  hello from vilnius in lithuania . 
  for some unknown reason , some inhabitants of other cities here call us `` portuguese '' . 
  no one seems to know why . 
  that is all . 
  to me it sounds just like polish , czczrzrzcrcrzszrczsz, 
  fucking shit , i did n't believe you . 
  yaaaaaaaaaaas, 
  i have a lot of polish friends ( both local , in poland and german-born ) and family in poland , so i know , they 're awesome . 
  it seems that most of our citizens are not in favor of reunification though . 
  i am interested in the union ( and reviving it ) but sadly know very little about the actual history as that time period is really fucking boring and confusing , too many wars and dates , not enough society and culture . 
  also no polonization for me plz i like my own language . 
  i think everyone else in the country would find out where i live and kill me tho, 
  :333333333333 i got a nokia before all that hubbub with ms pulling out , so thx4phone too, 
  oh , i mean any eu symbol as fashion piece , especially as gauged ears and eu flag seem somewhat incongruent , but now that i think of it , it should become a trendy pattern like the american flag . 
  off the top of my head , our first speaker of parliament ( important guy , a german in the supermarket once talked to me about him ) now has a grandson in politics , expected to go far . 
  maybe there will be more now that grandchildren are old enough for politics , because politicians ' children seem to usually go into entertainment . 
  i know very little about it but am very interested , so subscribed . 
  also , just checked to learn that there is indeed a / r/rzeczpospolita but it 's fucking nothing . 
  :( maybe i should make one ... 
  they started taking down those fucking statues yesterday . 
  i ca n't find a good news website so this is a first hand report and the only news i know . 
  maybe they took them down already . 
  edit : yes , flower pots in place of statues now . 
  it 's just so strange for some reason to imagine eu plugs or generally any symbol being worn ... maybe it should become a fashion trend , it 's quite uncommon where i 've been . 
  fair enough , it 's also good to preserve heritage breeds i guess , especially as russian blues are healthy animals . 
  i hope the your new master treats you well . 
  it really surprised me . 
  i thought all our criminals were in norway and the uk now . 
  omg . 
  you guys are in for a ride . 
  is it ethical to buy a purebreed instead of adopting an existing cat ? 
  passport , building a house , divorce , building a house 2015 . 
  i think it 's stalking our household :( ... and tracking how often i lose passports while drunk, 
  are ... are you actually going to wear them ? 
  yes , they 're the usual words , latvians just use funny synonyms and baby talk . 
  i guess it 's similar to german and dutch as i understand written dutch but it 's not as funny ... it must be boring to use the bathroom in a country with monolingual labels, 
  i 'm not afraid of no long-headed adorable-speaking mini-germans :3, 
  yes you are , yes you aaaare ~, 
  maybe we do ... maybe we do . 
  do you find lithuanian as hilarious and cute as we do latvian ? 
  because your `` vilkt '' and `` gr\u016bst '' , for example , almost gave me a heart attack ... it 's just so logical to mark a door with the words `` drag and mash '', 
  we say that too !, 
  latvian is too cute ; _____ ;, 
  kakis is a little poop like my cat makes , 
  they both mean poop here , the second one is a funnier word for it . 
  cats are individual turds !, 
  it never gets old . 
  tell me , do the words `` stumti '' and `` traukti '' mean anything to you ? 
  i do n't have the weird k you use to write `` kaku smiltis '' or as literally means in lt `` the sand grains of turds '' on cat litter bags . 
  we are saying the exact same thing . 
  but then ... they are not russian but lithuanian ... 
  i guess we move in different circles , i know a lot of ethnic minorities who like their own culture and hate russia 's bullshit with a passion . 
  and then there 's that one putinbot but we do n't talk to him anymore . 
  the sculptures did ? 
  um , any russian that wants to be lithuanian here is welcome to be one . 
  most do n't choose to identify so . 
  i wish i was greek  :(, 
  well this is pretty embarrassing for lithurainia . 
  foreign press plz , this manufactured drama is embarrassing . 
  we kinda take what we can get , honestly . 
  i like how friendly and close the community here seems , even the fights are somehow different than elsewhere . 
  most people are interested in learning about others and sharing their perspectives . 
  i hate the recent flood of greece posts . 
  i mean , i 'm just as anxious and interested as everyone else , but i do n't come to / r/europe for a minute-by-minute recap of every negotiation and discussion of financial matters . 
  there should be a balance or a way to filter out topics like on / r/worldnews . 
  more importantly , am i the only one that did n't know about this championship ? 
  we beat us ? 
  i got ta get out more .
