  how about fuck you, 
  me too thanks, 
  they are scary . 
  i freaked out when i went to the alps . 
  then i showed my nephew the pictures and he got real quiet with horror . 
  wtf , some random woman just came up with it because she `` longed for a feast day '' ? 
  we should all be so lucky . 
  that 's the most czech thing i 've ever heard, 
  pretty much everything not listed is `` in the eu ? '', 
  or `` in the eurozone ? '', 
  bonus norway : `` does norway have bears ? 
  does norway have snakes ? '', 
  much worriment for lithuanian . 
  in lithuanian the questions do n't necessarily end with adjectives so we get some interesting results . 
  does germany need a king ? 
  does germany have a nuclear weapon ? 
  has latvia ever won the eurovision ? 
  ( fuckin lol ) is estonia a neighbor of lithuania ? 
  is france lille ? 
  ( or `` is lille the capital of france '' ) does slovakia have snow ? 
  is russia going to occupy lithuania ? 
  ( variations in synonyms and searches like `` will russia occupy lithuania 2014 '' , `` will russia occupy lithuania 2015 '' etc ) is liechtenstein jobs ??? 
  are there mushrooms in ireland ? 
  is italy square shaped ??? 
  are there forests in iceland ? 
  i 'm on mobile so results are limited and do n't feel like unpacking my laptop . 
  lithuanians have some strange ideas though also : is america in the sauna ? 
  ( this makes very good sense in context though ), 
  not enough people got the memo though, 
  yes !, 
  the chinese is germany has too many plants in it , i 'm used to deep-fried chunks of meat doing with thick sauce . 
  plants are usually extra or a second dish, 
  huh ? 
  the mcdonald 's i 've been to worked 23/7, 
  eating just bread is very shitty . 
  i go to mcdonald 's to get a 1 $ disk of hot meat when i 'm in a hurry to get my train, 
  oh how the mighty have fallen ... 
  wtf i think i just saw one in alexanderplatz s-bahn yesterday , is that a different one ? 
  had the same logo, 
  they used to have really good pringles knockoffs , have n't checked lately . 
  our mayor was there on live broadcast and the economics minister inspected sausage prices . 
  i could n't believe my eyes . 
  bananas, 
  i once watched kids swim in a thick blooming lagoon . 
  they came out completely green . 
  i 've never been able to forget that sight . 
  several years later its shores were covered in [ dead fish ] ( http://g4.dcdn.lt/images/pix/file46286191_f9cda3fe.jpg ) . 
  gurl i do n't love her either but that 's not in line with the values i 've seen you profess before, 
  yeah , i was really surprised . 
  pigs basically define denmark for me . 
  traps were originally just boys who dressed as convincing girls , not transwomen . 
  ( those are dickgirls , a completely different thing ), 
  even june is so cold there that my friends had to fuck inside of a car trunk . 
  i think there are different value systems within turkey and a sizable population is no different from europeans ( and the whole secular republic founding father thing was big ) but the current feeling is that they seem to be turning hostile to europe , and the more backward rural parts are taking charge . 
  the turks i personally know are no different from any other western or eastern european in values , popular culture and behavior , but really young middle class university students are similar all over the world . 
  i also just recently heard about the post-wwi population greece/turkey population transfers which may have broken off some historical ties , eliminating the historical greek settlements , but i really do n't know much ... so , it 's not just about islamic values , but things seem a bit difficult, 
  i hate that song . 
  my grandma looked completely mongolian with the black hair and shit . 
  i believe it !, 
  omg i love poland now, 
  that 's so french i just shat out a baguette . 
  why do i keep looking at these horrifying things at 4 am , those ottoman robots jfc, 
  and with mildly accurate historical costumes too !, 
  that 's princess serenity , dump your gf, 
  with hair of nehelenia, 
  i 'm a simple woman , i see weather post i upvote, 
  oh man , and here i thought i was an idiot for missing the bloom despite seeing the park outside my bathroom window, 
  think of it as a human-height [ barrel on suspenders ] ( https://coffeebreakbrainburst.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/bankruptcybarrel.jpg ), 
  lift it a little bit , it 's completely portable, 
  this is extra practical , you just squat within your handy tent , do the business and walk away . 
  for a while after the us election they had rules against `` berniebros '' `` blaming the left for the loss '' and would banish criticism of dems . 
  guess at least that 's gone . 
  touristy at the seaside , empty in the cities with only foreign tour groups roaming the dusty streets, 
  i suggest may-june and september ... july is too hot , touristy and empty in the cities , and august has that weird depressing transitory mood for me . 
  they also have a ban warning about criticizing hrc 's campaign tactics , lol, 
  [ and then this shit happens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idjyusdugsc ), 
  [ the anthrax is already here ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2016/08/03/488400947/anthrax-outbreak-in-russia-thought-to-be-result-of-thawing-permafrost ) !, 
  jesus christ on a cracker , the real and only crime against morality is that makeup . 
  without speaking the language i do n't get what 's wrong though , is n't this just like arranging a marriage with an entire village of hijabed babushkas participating ? 
  damn !, 
  i guess it 's harder to fake a miscarriage at 9 months of latex belly . 
  oh no not posters, 
  what are the shows like ? 
  more like the bachelor or next ? 
  i 've only ever seen it called chlodnik litewski in pomerania tho, 
  i hated that fucking box so much . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  i do n't know what much i can do about that , other than provide information about existing liberal muslim communities and individuals , such as for example the muslim population in lithuania . 
  that 's what i think is most important ... not blindly yelling `` muslims are good if you do n't love all muslims you are a nazi '' , but highlighting the differences in the muslim community and the liberal individuals that have a religion but do n't despise the entire secular society they live in . 
  i think the vast majority of islamophobia in western europe ( at least from the somewhat-educated people on reddit ) are from people who are scared of fundamentalism but are n't aware of non-fundamentalist muslims even existing . 
  it does n't help that many high-profile cases of muslims coming together for tolerance and acceptance , such as a blood donation drive drive for the orlando shooting , were found to be ahmadiyya and places like / r/islam immediately started spitting at them for being disgusting faggot infidels , or the dude that got murdered for wishing someone happy easter . 
  liberal muslims have a hell of a job countering that , but a lot i see , especially from the us , are too busy writing angry articles like `` omg how can you say that no muslims are homophobic no muslims are mysogynistic no muslims are racist '' which buy into the fundie muslim/hateful infidel western dichotomy rather than simply existing in the public sphere as people who contribute to society while having their faith . 
  i mean , my friends from muslim countries really do n't shy away from criticizing fundies , in private and in public ... this is what i have n't seen that much in those living in europe . 
  there are banned cults everywhere , for example scientology is banned in a few countries , not to mention aum shinrikyo in japan . 
  afaik there are many muslims in europe who would believe you and my muslim friends infidels worthy of death for rejecting parts of their religious interpretations , which is why many people dislike the lack of criticism towards * conservative * muslim communities that insulate themselves and grow more radical in western european ghettoes . 
  i feel too many people both on the right and left do n't make this distinction , rightists believe all muslims are beheading-happy salafis frothing at the mouth to bomb everything everywhere they go , and leftists believe all muslims are tolerant gay-friendly beacons of diversity none of whom could ever hurt a fly ... this is such an insanely sensitive topic that no real discussion can take place : /, 
  does this apply to east-asian north americans ? 
  i personally do n't agree with the notion that feminism is unrestricted freedom for any woman to act without reflecting on the context of her choices , and flippantly insisting that every choice a woman makes is automatically feminist is something that tends to shut down discussion too often these days , acting as a tool of suddenly quite hegemonic liberal feminism ( liberal as in mainstream western capitalist notions ) . 
  i do n't necessarily agree that no woman should wear a headscarf , but i think that yours is not a very helpful argument in that direction , although it 's a very prevalent attitude . 
  ... lol words,
