  soil erosion and specifically wind erosion is known to be a severe problem , and this is supported by sources . 
  they do n't like canned beak slurry ? 
  let them eat organic smoothies !, 
  gib men :(, 
  https://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2001/ast26jun_1 http://www.nytimes.com/1992/10/29/world/winds-sweep-african-soil-to-feed-lands-far-away.html?pagewanted=all http://www.sustainabletable.org/207/soil-quality well , apparently there 's not that much about much of it ending up in the americas , but wind erosion seems to be a huge factor , making parts of africa basically a dust bowl . 
  well , i 'm not a geologist , but there 's also the issue that drought dries out the savannah and wind blows the fertile topsoil over to the americas , so it 's a vicious cycle . 
  from scant research , the soil is fertile enough to farm using modern techniques , but probably not traditional ones . 
  east africa is another story though . 
  wow , i checked and they do have a shitload of arable land . 
  but i did hear in a lecture recently that most of africa has relatively infertile soil because of the age and climate of the continent where the nutrients have already washed away . 
  it builds immunity . 
  apparently the individuals who have a genetic resistance to aids result from the black plague . 
  unfortunately my boyfriend is the one who collects them and i ca n't figure out how to find them in that crazy squiggle writing right now . 
  i did meet an ultra-right-wing gangsta rapper in person and his follower screamed at me for being a leftist because i had a camera . 
  i do n't even see these often in germany . 
  everyone who came out of africa passed through the middle east , so it 's canonically true . 
  muh haplogroups, 
  germany is the only country in europe with a growing jewish population . 
  france is losing a lot . 
  meanwhile telavivians and berliners have a population exchange . 
  they have some of the juiciest crazies i 've ever had the pleasure to witness or read . 
  if they got any crazier i do n't know if they would be able to form sentences . 
  after living in israel for a bit , i honestly would n't be surprised, 
  tangentially related : [ boardgame to collect jews and send them to palestine ] ( https://i.redd.it/ftlgzdn2xs2y.jpg ) . 
  i saw one in person , pretty interesting, 
  maybe military style is too sexy for the queen to wear too often : v, 
  who and when cut off the silk road in the early middle ages , lol ? 
  are you aware it was closed in 1453 ? 
  edit : now that i 'm researching , it 's not even that , it continued to be used even after the ottomans took constantinople with no problems between christians and muslims , until it fell into disuse around the 1720s for various reasons . 
  ( byzantium had obviously traded with the arabs , and west europe with byzantium ) in the end , there was no lack of access , and no sources suggest it was lack of access to the silk road that caused western europe 's economic downturn , it was depopulation and deurbanization . 
  who knew history would be so complicated ????? 
  oh no , it 's terminal :(, 
  where did you see me supporting antifa ? 
  til people are born with right-wing t-shirts on, 
  antifa are retards but to the * regular person * this is a bit different from being jumped on their way to school because of the face they were born with and can not take off , 
  pray tell , what is the point ? 
  what in the living fuck are you talking about ? 
  people i know were attacked multiple times for having the misfortune of having slightly darker skin ( born in the country and native speakers too ) , and you talk about communist revolution ? 
  again ,  regular person, 
  race . 
  no worries , it 's switzerland 's fault, 
  yeah , i 'm sure you can post something you want others to know , without labelling it as a meme . 
   i do struggle to understand how anyone can feel the far-left is more dangerous to a regular person i do n't like the far left by any means but they have n't beaten up anyone i know for the way they look . 
  he means a left-wing extremist will not attack you as a regular passerby in the street just because of how your face looks . 
  i do tend to focus on jewish communities in europe for personal reasons , but i 'm also very interested in the day-to-day life and power structures in multi-religious societies , especially where one ethnicity practices different religions , such as depicted in `` the bridge on the drina '' . 
  unfortunately i have n't read that much about heresy in europe yet . 
  do you have any sources ? 
   taifa period oh yeah , i am aware of that one , i meant during the caliphate of cordoba . 
  i 've been reading up on arab history ( [ i think it 's this book , ca n't find it on my shelf at the moment ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/739813.the_arabs ) ) so no intention to go `` hurrrr islam is the greatest '' but just interested in exactly how oppressive that particular society was to warrant the use `` liberation '' , which is a word to which i ascribe quite a lot of emotional significance . 
  do you have any easily accessible sources ? 
  the scumbag posts were overrunning the sub so they were contained , it seems only fair to do the same with the sequel . 
  we have posts about european heroes pretty often anyway . 
  the lectures on early middle ages that i listened to stated that the northern route to the east ( through the vikings ) was quite significant , eventually including 12 different routes to arab countries . 
  i read up even as a kid about the vikings who travelled to slavic and arab countries . 
  they facilitated a lot of trade with the islamic world and there is a theory that the carolingian empire profited quite a lot from selling slaves to arabs , so there was no siege . 
  saying something mildly positive about some country that existed a thousand years ago is somehow connected to hamburg protestors : that sounds a lot like [ 10 ] showerthought man . 
  maybe it 's like football where they invented the sport of prison ? 
  was n't al-andalus a really nice place to live though though ? 
  i just finished listening to a lecture on it . 
  are you going to also publish a long-winded refutation of the heatwave temperature map series , baltic coast series and the animals crossing the highway series ? 
  how triggered must you be to ignore the fact these memes happen every day ? 
  have you even been on this fucking sub before, 
   malthusian ideas about population reduction sounds like a really swell guy, 
  afaik there was even a trade in human hands to fill the quotas . 
   apolcapyse nows , father book i 'm sorry , i had to laugh, 
  it did n't help :(, 
   americans  walking, 
  ( he 's the president ), 
  aww < 3, 
  i do want to kill myself on the rare beautiful days when everyone is out having fun with their friends and i have nothing to do outside . 
  awww , i love them . 
  how do you feel about dried up dead ones ? 
   `` many have no understanding of the complexity it is to place the elongated pieces of iron on a flat surface , wherein all may take place . 
  and believe me , we 've seen crazy things , mad thing , `` says press spokesman mark eriksen , clearly animated . 
   `` we 've had situations with everything from very high grass to a fox who stood in the way of the very large machine that puts the tracks . 
  we have also seen dramatic cases in which employees have received pollen or even falling leaves in the eyes , `` he says and explains that employees have even reported drizzle on several occasions . 
  hhhehhehehe, 
  then there was the time one or two years ago when two people got bit and it was like a snakepocalypse mayhem, 
  even grass snakes ? 
  they 're so cute !, 
  oh right , i 'm not counting bars , even if i had the clarity of mind to ask for a receipt there i 'm sure i would n't remember it :d, 
  i wish it were possible to settle them in the countryside but they 'd probably kill themselves faster than they could be brought in . 
  inb4 phoenix comments, 
  my boyfriend insists that there are * stores * in europe without cash registers that just write receipts by hand . 
  i do n't think i 've even been in a restaurant that does n't give a printed receipt . 
  is this something that exists , am i just sheltered ? 
  i 'm looking for a place to declare that i ate kibbeh and did n't like it . 
  what 's it supposed to taste like ? 
  you can very well buy designed utility things today for 19th century upper class price points . 
  way less if you use aliexpress . 
  that did remind me of this ancient-looking german mailbox on an abandoned building in vilnius ... wonder what that 's all about, 
  some people are still stuck in 2004 when skinny jeans were an outrageous fad that would never catch on and exemplified how the kids of today will bring down western civilization . 
  p u r g e, 
  oh shit , i should go to sleep, 
  and therefore very handsome . 
  [ `` hail fell in southern spain this evening '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ix7gbxaomu ) is apparently the hebrew translation of `` the rain in spain stays mainly on the plain '' . 
  almost got it !, 
  this is madness . 
  where are you ? 
  vilnius and berlin both got crazy freak rains yesterday , but now it 's perfect soft weather at 18 degrees and 100 % humidity here .
