  you might not be entirely grasping what i 've said, 
  do n't forget fucking up the children with your fights and hatred !, 
  ca n't miss out on that !, 
  there 's a lot of kindergartens where i live but my sister was n't gon na have children before she could do all her work from home , and did n't plan the second before securing kindergarten queues for both . 
  frankly i have no idea how people with 9-5 jobs manage to raise children . 
  actually , kindergarten availability is one of the main factors for women deciding to have children , as it 's otherwise impossible to have a work-life balance . 
  but that 's neither here nor there on this story . 
   a young man was a little flamboyant, 
  haaa , i went to see the `` storm the reichstag '' shit in berlin on may 9 and the nazi side had a bunch of donetsk people 's republic flags , russian flags and an israel flag for some reason :d germany u crazy, 
  you shamed me , forcing me to commit a minor mistake in front of the community ... now i must suffer mildly deriding looks , collective silence and frowning grandmas . 
  i will never forgive you for this ostracism, 
  how was i supposed to know that, 
  the most boring fish . 
  which is a good thing in its own way i guess . 
  much better than getting seduced by that tilpia or butterfish crap . 
  how bourgeois !, 
  i 've only seen such a common sauna in my dorm in germany , but it was a pretty scary place which probably used steam from the boiler room in the basement . 
  latvia is truly of nordic . 
  it took me half an hour to realize you were n't joking . 
  is this a general cultural trend in the world , or are lithuanians just really really fond of funerals ? 
  i just realized it 's the biggest family get-together we have . 
  i 've never been to a wedding reception but i 've been to plenty of funerals , and they 're always pretty fun affairs , eating and drinking till you drop , crazy aunts telling embarrassing stories , children running around everywhere and all the stuff you 'd expect to see at a wedding . 
  meanwhile , weddings are pretty small affairs in my circles . 
  we 're also super fond of remembering the dead on all souls day , and i really look forward to going to visit all the cemeteries , meeting friends on the way and enjoying the bustle and noise around the graves . 
  wonder if this is a specifically local thing ? 
  holy fucking shit you live in a scary place . 
  i lived in a hipstery berlin neighborhood over the summer and the putinbot handing out anti-american leaflets on the corner was mocked by all passersby . 
  although i did go to a weird co-op cafe with that mindset, 
  that 's it , thanks !, 
  is n't kristoff or whatsisname norwegian , and hans danish , while elsa is in the middle ? 
  i forget what i learned, 
  how ... can a housing complex have a sauna ? ... 
  lithuania does n't have caves . 
  be period and grateful . 
  it has to tie in somehow with the german toilet made for inspecting poop , but i 'm not sure how to connect these facts . 
  other greeks also get pissed off ? 
  that 's one of the most random cultural tidbits i 've ever heard . 
  i knew one from hessen , he was a kevin in every sense of the word . 
  some people do , the biggest pizza chain in the country offers ketchup on the table but almost any other place gives extra mayo/ketchup mix and garlic sauce . 
  ( is that better or worse ? ), 
  mind you , most people do n't know the difference between tomato sauce and ketchup . 
  my dad thinks i 'm the most stuck up snobby person in the world for saying ketchup is n't pizza sauce . 
  even if i explained it , it 's like , will a little vinegar kill you ? 
  also , pizza is thought of as american , and ketchup is american , so it all goes together naturally . 
  the fancier places just give you oil . 
  yeah , i do n't even think they 're marked differently or anything . 
  how can germans do this to their children ? 
  can confirm , am wearing pants almost exactly like those . 
  i dressed like a little dutch boy today and felt so ashamed . 
  i 'm eastern european , what do you think ? 
  i think if i come to nyc i will be cowering in fear and silence anyway . 
  i do n't think more than usual , but i eat quite a lot of pasta on my own !, 
  i 'm fond of risotto and polenta , a lot of it was just in general good food i like to eat , aside from the horrible shit my fellow students came up with . 
  not even italy is safe from student cuisine . 
  i think you started on your saturday night a little early there son, 
  spite means that too . 
  as non-native speakers we are sometimes unaware of the many nuances of english words . 
  spite may be more all-encompassing than inat , but it has the `` fuck you '' meaning when used in the place where inat is used . 
  well yeah , there 's a lot , but it 's still going to be pizza . 
  it 's not gon na be made from a golden plate with diamond toppings . 
  yeah , i mean we get shoppers to akropolis , but they 're rich people with fancy cars , we need a lot more exchange and communication . 
  we need to stop thinking of it in context of america vs. russia , and think in the context of lithuania and belarus - together we have more history and culture than either of us separately . 
  i have an interest in this as my family is originally from belarus but it 's difficult to trace where belarusian identity ends and lithuanian begins . 
  yeah once in a simple studenty slice place like they have in germany , and once fancy pizzas with the family . 
  did n't seem that much more omgsoamazing than stuff elsewhere , i mean it 's fucking pizza , there 's not much you can do . 
  was good . 
  interesting and very sense-making !, 
  i ask because i 've heard the most conflicting things about kurds , like that fgm is prevalent in kurdish parts of turkey , and that it supplies many of the uneducated religious workers to germany , but then you have stuff like one guy at carnival * dressed up * as a random-seeming number combination that led me to a facebook page of some * really * obscure workers ' event from the 80s and a ton of young followers of it ; also remember marching in support of gezi park and seeing huge amounts of communist symbols . 
  random encounters of the kurd kind . 
  i spent two weeks in italy and ate pizza twice . 
  it does n't even register as italian food to me now . 
  how come kurds are so communist ? 
  hum ... the silly 2000s gwb-type mentality seems to be acknowledged as wrong by most people ( i was there in 2007 when they were `` training '' `` future opposition leaders '' and even then we thought it was laughable ) , but lithuanians are interested in common history and heritage , free borders for tourism and poisoning those fucking mosquito larvae in the river on time for once . 
  what did we ever do wrong, 
  but russia is n't ? 
  what do you think about lithuania ? 
  we want to help you too ; _ ; be one again, 
  ... but with islam . 
  they need to make that movie . 
  i 'd just call that spite . 
  i had a stuffed pig 's foot there , among many other things, 
  i 'm not sure if you 're joking , but have you seen some of the hipster hamburger places ? 
  they all but slay the cow in front of you to pick the right part for the burger, 
  perhaps we are talking of different things here , my friends and acquaintances would never use or advocate political violence but some have sadly had to act in self-defence . 
  even europe is n't a paradise . 
  it 's actually pretty nice . 
  was just gon na say it must be regional , because i never heard anything like it , hanging out with an antifa crowd and all . 
  those are some weird damn expressions . 
  hah , no one 's going to care about comments like yours . 
  i admittedly have n't spent a disproportionate amount of time engaging in political debates in germany but this is the first i 've heard the term `` brown thinking '' . 
  i really really like `` vilnius poker '' which is a surreal tale of insanity and memory in soviet stagnation , but i 'm sadly uninformed about living authors . 
  there 's a pretty acclaimed book out recently , `` silva rerum '' , apparently about baroque-era lithuanian history , which i 'm planning to read soon . 
  `` vilnius poker '' , to me , really represents the city . 
  also , `` stalemate '' by icchokas meras makes vilnius come alive , but i 'm not too fond of the translation . 
  it 's translated into many languages though , so perhaps one of those translations is better . 
  \u0160k\u0117ma is a very popular and relevant author , i 'll have to look up whether there are good translations of his work . 
  congratulations to her and belarus !, 
  our turn when ? 
  do people really bike in that weather ? 
  does everyone have really good shoes and clothes ?
