  wow , with all this refugee bullshit going on over in this sub i actually missed the news about tsipras resigning . 
  apparently it has yeast in the bottle ? 
  why do all belgian beers have to have so much yeast ? 
  what 's it taste like ? 
  the professional sounding tasting reviews kinda elude me : v, 
  we have the usual eastern european drinking culture with all its pros , cons and public bans . 
  specifics : vodka is `` for alcoholics '' , like the russian guy said . 
  downing several 1 liter bottles of cheap 7 % beer , however , is trashy , but acceptable . 
  older people drink brandy at work , where allowed . 
  ( working in a government office before they banned it , there was lunch with brandy and old ladies every week ) i was surprised when studying in germany at several things . 
  although they drink a whole lot more often than us , there 's rarely aggressiveness and resulting trouble . 
  instead , it seems they consume beer like water for its nutritional benefits and not specific taste . 
  friends from poland properly introduced me to vodka , which they drink with juice or soft drinks , or mix into nice cocktail shots , and generally do it classier than the stereotypical cafeteria glass and pickle i always associated with vodka . 
  i find it a lot healthier , tastier and more practical than rivers of beer , but vodka still sounds emergency bells for lithuanians . 
  we do have really good beer and amazing variety . 
  you can get even japanese beer in a lot of supermarkets , so you can always try something fancy and feel yourself above all the plebs drinking mainstream piss . 
  i had some random croat introduce me to rose wine with fanta . 
  i did not enjoy . 
  i will love wine-germany forever . 
  those weinschorles will surely kill me one of these days ... 
  are there common belgian beers that are not shit ? 
  i ca n't really tell since i hate all yeasty flavors anyway . 
  there 's your problem , a russian should never be just `` a bit '' tipsy . 
  no , i mean laughing at male rape , i find that too much . 
  i know that most people are ignorant about it , but if i did my part to educate them and they still refused to care , i would n't be able to love such a person . 
  i have conservative , strict christian etc friends with strict moral ideologies and they are good people , but someone who 's really racist and homophobic just because , i just ca n't understand . 
  fuck , i got angry at myself for being so sensitive . 
  nothing to do with you and your gf , sorry, 
  oh my fucking god . 
  this kind of situation is unimaginable to me . 
  i wonder if i 'm the unusual one but i could never be in a relationship with such a person who has no compassion to others . 
  why are you dating such a person ? 
  but pizza is more than dough , tomatoes or cheese . 
  even if you take either of those ingredients away , the idea , the mouthfeel and the intangible beauty of it remains , longed for by any truly human individual . 
  source : i know people who ate vegan pizza and lived . 
  whoa , you had roommates that used people smugglers ? 
  care to do an ama , at least for me ? 
  lol, 
  as someone interested in both regional german culture and physical anthropology , `` ethnic german '' is a laughable concept, 
  the oinking dead . 
  i believe it 's a similar system , though my info is like ten years old . 
  the biggest expense seems to be the uniforms !, 
  though i do know several germans from a catholic school . 
  you say that as if humans without natural affinity to pizza exist . 
  maybe this is why they 're so happy . 
  do n't really see that . 
  the core of the nazis , especially when you read about their rise in the twenties and thirties , were incompetent cowardly thugs just like this , not the evil geniuses they 're often portrayed as . 
  but i do judge wastefulness . 
  sounds perfect . 
  i am only aware of one , an international school . 
  not sure about religious schools , i think they take a small fee that does n't cover tuition . 
  ca n't verify because i 'm not fancy enough to know anyone who 's gone to a catholic school :|, 
  that sounds amazing and unimaginable for someone grown up in wild capitalism where bling is king . 
  i 'd love to experience such a society even if it is n't perfect . 
  omg . 
  polan is a mighty land, 
  i was told you guys found an actual whale !, 
  how ... did that happen ? 
  if she were a native polish speaker , i would n't be calling her lithuanian :p people do change identities though , another ancestor was from belarus , had out a bunch of belarusian kids with a belarusian wife , but she died so he popped out another batch of lithuanian ones with a new lithuanian wife and was known as a lithuanian from thereon . 
  funny stories from old days . 
  that tower is awesome !, 
  they 're not originally polish , and the ones in poland still speak lithuanian after 70 years , but lol @ you taking this seriously enough to insult the whole country, 
  i do n't even know who you 're talking about ( though i can guess ) , just wanted to participate hurr, 
  let 's fight about it, 
  it 's not whatever your views are , it 's the fact you 're actually too damn retarded to be arguing on reddit . 
  i 'm seriously sad for you bro . 
  just a fun fact , my lithuanian grandma was born in wilno , i just viewed her birth certificate this week . 
  we existed !, 
  some of her family members fled to poland after wwii because it was simply a better option than stalin , some actually chose to identify as polish after staying because it was favorable in the area under soviet ethnic policies . 
  it 's a very complicated story !, 
   wilno, 
  say something sexy in dutch please ? 
  what sort of idiot came up with a kindergarten that closes at 2 ? 
  staying at home is not a stable and secure life choice , it 's great for some but a lot of women end up dependent in abusive marriages , get old with an empty nest and no work experience or just plain go crazy . 
  i 'd be happy doing it too but it 's not for everyone . 
  could i apply for an alternative test option based on conscious objection to anything bavarian ? 
  spargel cooking , fastnacht parading with costumes and songs , multiple sausage recognition , naked sunbathing , anything !, 
  chechen refugees , you know the muslim , sometimes-terrorist ones from russia ? 
  we were their best friends for a while . 
  but apparently we stopped granting all of them asylum and it 's mostly afghan and syrian now , still no known problems in the refugee center although it 's a smaller number than the one proposed . 
  we 'll gladly take europe 's billions for this crisis . 
  i suddenly lost all will to immigrate . 
  `` mission siberia '' from lithuania may be interesting and educational for others , especially those interested in crimes of the soviet union . 
  not sure if it 's available in english . 
  `` it 's the capital of riga . '', 
  that usually works . 
  forbidding whites to enter bath houses comes to mind first, 
  you 'd think wrong . 
  eu money has changed everything , while lithuania has been welcoming chechen refugees for years without much trouble . 
  it 's a no-brainer . 
  um , anyone would call japan and south korea racist , lol . 
  this is nicely done . 
  why is n't the swedish model used to punish only those customers who abuse prostitutes ? 
  i thought it would be a way of giving more power to the sex workers instead of pushing them underground ? 
  i think i do n't like berlin very much, 
  i hear both the harsh and the soft german on tv , they 're just slight accents on hochdeutsch . 
  i ca n't understand bavarian like , at all . 
  crazy place . 
  it 's that old song , it never rains in southern california  we have the same drought do i know it does n't really matter even though my city 's riverbed is also visible, 
  thank you , that is helpful .
