  most of the money is coming from the eu to feed and house latvians working on the programs , i think :d, 
  i think it 's an important part of life and indicator of mentality . 
  i 'd have thought the mountains are n't flat enough to play hockey !, 
  but you have lakes , so yeah . 
  i get a * lot * more cars stopping for me in lithuania than in germany . 
  i 'm convinced i 'm living in some kind of bizarro universe with an ( awesome ) evil germany twin . 
  i try to remain somewhat anonymous , but my major is something widely mocked in the anglosphere  also , the german system is admirable but very rare . 
  here it only became acceptable to study in a college ( fachhochschule , i guess ) a few years ago , before that it was for retarded people . 
  and if you go to a professional school ( ausbildung ) , why did you even bother being born just to bring shame and disgust upon your family ? 
  so , yeah ... university for all . 
  i 'm also one of those that love academia and learning , but most of my coursemates did n't give a fuck . 
  and i did a field which is both very academic and gives you skills to get a decent practical job ... everyone should be so lucky but they ai n't . 
  people are being misled that everyone needs a university education to do their run of the mill desk job sorting pencils . 
  and you still have to study * something * to prove to future employers that you 've got enough patience for a four-year bullshit parade and the skills to piece together or buy term papers . 
  because , you know , * critical thinking * and * well rounded university perspective * . 
  it has the drinking culture . 
  i dunno about science or engineering , but it would be a lot easier if all the people recruiting you into fields like philosophy were n't like `` oh this will give you a broad perspective and critical view on all topics so you can easily master any job in any field '' , and were like `` yeah we just kinda like to study bullshit and get jobs cause we know people , sue me '' . 
  you know , acknowledge the bullshit and deal with it . 
  so many people just go to actually research-heavy programs thinking it 'll be a conveyor to job city and end up depressed about how this is `` not going to be useful '' . 
  i went to mainz cuz i like getting high on campus . 
  did i crack the rankings code ? 
  i am of the opinion that academic life is all that universities should be for , and people should stop going to universities in order to find work . 
  but of course , it does n't happen so simply . 
  i think serbian sounds soft in comparison to russian . 
  so it 's like , that apple has a wolf in it ? 
  there are tons of iranian jews in israel . 
  i prefer to keep my poop * and * my intestines inside my body, 
  holy shit you can make tortillas from potatoes ? 
  * this is brand new information * . 
  srsly tho tortillas are fucking expensive over here, 
  who do you think taught me to scavenge free internet kilobytes off people 's lawns, 
  i did n't know it was that bad, 
  do n't go to belgium or the netherlands , you can get weed in berlin if it comes to that and otherwise your money will take you way way further to see equally beautiful things in eastern europe . 
  also wtf you 'd be passing through all the shittiest parts of germany , do n't go to munich there 's nothing to see there and they 'll rip you off . 
  do spend time in berlin , it 'll be super fun at your age , get to know people and all that . 
  what things are you most interested in seeing ? 
  world famous cultural heritage , beautiful cities , urban metropoles , traditional villages , different nature ? 
  i 'm not too familiar with how far your money will take you in all of thesewestern european places , but i really recommend going off the beaten path and researching a bit before going to eastern europe . 
  up in lithuania people will be happy enough to see a kiwi they 'll buy you beers :d, 
  how regularly do you do this and which trashcans are available ? 
  jesus christ , what happened to portugal ? 
  i 've heard about that , how is that even possible for them ? 
  more importantly , where can i get a comically oversized dutch husband ? 
  same . 
  but tis just so silly !, 
  memel is a silly-sounding name . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  not in lithuania . 
  in lithuania adult refugees go to either refugee integration school or refugee jail . 
  i wonder what system bulgaria has in place . 
  on another note , do other countries also have multiple localities called switzerland for their few meager hills ? 
  i 've been to switzerland gardens to the south of vilnius and just found out we also have a switzerland forest park inside the town . 
  there 's probably like twenty switzerlands just in vilnius region alone . 
  i feel like i have n't seen that kinda village in germany before ... 
  who 's the fatcat shopping in the exotic foods section ? 
  if i could afford a tortilla i 'd be swimming in it, 
  what the hell is your problem ? 
  you 've never heard a joke before ? 
  because kurwa , that 's why . 
  those are the borders of lithuania . 
  we used to have the butthurt , but no one cares anymore since lithuanians do n't open doors to strangers so kids learned pretty fast not to trick-or-treat . 
  it 's just an excuse for adults to dress up and drink . 
  it also does n't interfere with the traditional holiday because it 's on a different day and the national holiday allows everyone to visit cemeteries in time . 
  who the fuck wears seatbelts on buses ? 
  more like `` we completely understand why the british wanted them out '', 
  lithuanian press reports this as a good thing . 
  uk emigrants returning for vacation in late july will have less money to throw around and act like baboons . 
  i guess he really wants a party to head ... 
  there 's a lot of things you might not know about . 
  she 's pretty well known . 
  are you saying she plans to marry the good [ prince inigo von urach ] ( http://vilnews.com/2013-05-19052 ) and become the absolute queen mindaugas 3 ? 
  the situation perplexes me . 
  just know that cheap flight companies make you pay for extra luggage because they want that sweet space to keep their chemtrail cisterns . 
  that might be true for old people who worked through the brezhnev stagnation , but young people here are extremely hardworking , if not enterpreneurial . 
  wow , i did n't know that . 
  it does seem ridiculously cheap , how did it get to that point ? 
  you 're not completely there until they start boiling vinegar to clear chemtrails from the sky , like lithuanian public figures . 
  thank you , i pointed the unpopularity out because i was unsure as to which percentage of population opposes it , since my own social circles are mostly on one side of the political discourse ( massively against ) . 
  i felt unqualified to give an explanation of the code itself . 
  anyway , vetoed, 
  * lithuania : * a new , apparently very unpopular , labor code has been voted in by parliament and expected to be approved by the president . 
  a tent city has been erected next to the government building by protesters , and a couple of people calling themselves `` performance artists '' got naked and rubbed themselves on the building . 
  we went through a third heatwave this summer and people now view rain as a blessing . 
  my friends who worked in the uk lost a ton of money :(, 
  my eyes literally hurt from all the brexit reading, 
  that is * absolutely delightful *, 
  people generally mingle with their own social class . 
  i could . 
  i wish i knew what to do at times like this . 
  if this had happened in europe everyone would be going insane , but right now there were three people on my fb who cared , because one of them is flying from the airport tomorrow , another is going for a visit to turkey , and another marked himself as safe for some reason although he 's in lithuania . 
  is there a point in freaking out either way ? 
  what can i do about friends in turkey , what does it even help asking them shit and trying to console , what good does it do posting facebook statuses ? 
  man ... what a shitty situation . 
  why do goats have udders on their necks ? 
  til the union jack is crooked . 
  if worst comes to worst , i just really hope my friends will come back to me ... 
  a large number of lithuanians lived in iceland before the financial crisis . 
  one of my friends just left for there yesterday . 
  drink and cry while covered in flies , here . 
  when i was a kid i thought russia would become good and be a part of europe like the rest of us :(,
