  what are the different varieties of that oil ? 
  i 've never seen portuguese olive oil for sale . 
  these are from last winter . 
  i ca n't believe i know this ... 
  what about budapest ? 
  our president is an okay enough speaker but she always sounds inordinately pissed off , presumably to appear like a `` strong leader '' to the masses . 
  it 's really annoying . 
  my room 's insulation is failing . 
  please send help . 
  too lazy to put on pants after nye . 
  looks like a salad , i love it !, 
  yes this always, 
  blue eyeshadow will come back into fashion , more news at eleven . 
  hahaha , i 'd love to see what a latvian considers `` fucking insane '' . 
  i bet it 's more adorable than two slow lorises playing catch . 
  i got snow in my shoes and caught a cold yesterday . 
  fml, 
  it 's infuriating to be asked things you do n't want an opinion on . 
  aw , you sound like a nice friend . 
  it 's so fun to be the shockingly dry , dour misanthrope in one group and then go to the next door party where you 're the kaharaaaaazy one making the party start , without ever moving one face muscle :d oh italians ... when will you learn ... 
  not in my experience . 
  i love the rhineland . 
  this is exhibit # 1 for why anglo-saxons have no souls . 
  that 's not a problem , that 's basically the most intimate of lithuanian social interactions . 
  in eastern lithuania , they built so many tourist trails they broke the town . 
  we had a local at a campsite complain about hordes of tourists coming in , causing traffic jams and being annoying , which is funny because he 's employed at a campsite ... the new tourism infrastructure is seriously impressive . 
  also , healthcare facilities are all getting renovated and have projects like testing and therapy programs going on . 
  does n't it though, 
  i remember a few years ago i visited italy in january with a polish friend and italians , and us two were freaking out about the grass being lush and green . 
  they were like `` um , what else could grass be in winter ? 
  '' , we were like `` nonexistent ? ... '', 
  and all but rolled around in it like excited dogs . 
  and now , in my very yard ... 
  thank you for your constant work making lithuania more popular . 
  it looks like the cold is moving west , keep your eyes peeled . 
  this is absolutely fucking amazing , i ca n't stop laughing, 
  over 30 in our humidity and i 'm trying to take off my skin . 
  ... ... ... ... am i really that old ? ... ... ... ... 
  ** wryyyyyyyyyy **, 
  you need to make some new international friends , do n't they have couchsurfing parties for every event ? 
  i 'm really glad i have russian friends to celebrate twice the holidays ... 
  like many others on this day , i can barely breathe and had a very hard time falling asleep last night with all the twelve kinds of fish and vegan produce pushing on my lungs . 
  we decided to put off roasting the ducks until tomorrow and i feel like crying because i received still so much awesome food to try but ca n't get up and crawl to the fridge ... su \u0161vent\u0117m visus !, 
  you stopped doing that already ??? 
  wow !, 
  what do you do now ? 
  hmmmm , why ? 
  i feel so bad that i ca n't identify with lazy montenegrin jokes , the only one i knew went crazy from working too much :(, 
  i believe the saudi king may have done less than the others on that list , but that 's just my layperson impression, 
  wow , palestine is so full of hate . 
  they only managed to spare 3 % for the saudi guy either lel, 
  we take dishes from the dishwasher and put them in the drying rack . 
  it 's easier to store them there than put them into stacks . 
  my experience of germany and eastern europe is the exact opposite , but it obviously depends on each person . 
  wait ... what ? 
  there are places that do n't do this ?? 
  what part of europe ? 
  you ever been to germany ? 
  we ... we did better than estonia ? 
  how is this possible ? 
  first one i laughed loudly at , will tell at new years party, 
  barbaric behavior should never be excused !, 
  israelis are insane man . 
  this guy brought his little daughter and explained to her how taking hits from this vaporizer is an important family tradition in their country , but you have to grow up first . 
  welp, 
  why is the truck is gdansk driving in mud and the cars parked on the grass ?? 
  this is insane . 
  i love it . 
  when i was celebrating pesach , one of the guests brought along three unexpected guests of his own , so it was something right out of the textbook - everyone was already super high and freaking out about some unknown serious-faced germans barging in on this jewish celebration and disapproving of the drug-fuelled debauchery :d barging in on christmas eve would be probably less fun ... ... . just a lot of silence and `` can you pass the horseradish sauce please '', 
  i wonder if there 's countries that have this exact tradition besides poland and lithuania . 
  it 's a very specific thing , i love the ritual aspects of it . 
  edit : also , it would be cool if we were mandated to keep our doors unlocked to welcome unexpected guests , like on jewish pesach . 
  but on pesach you 're also indicated to drink sufficient amounts of wine and sing happy songs , so it 's a bit easier to accept random people barging in ... 
  it might be the nicest one i 've flown , if only for the ridiculously short distance to city center ( and ikea ) . 
  also cute and small . 
  many clinics ( i do n't know if all of them ) have a mental health center that you need to call separately to register , since they have their own medical histories . 
  your clinic 's website should have the number but you can also get an appointment at whichever mental health center is most convenient to you . 
  they also have psychologists ( by referral from psychiatrist ) for more advanced testing + diagnosis and consulting , and day programs for continued psychotherapy . 
  it 's still a huge problem now . 
  i 'd know . 
  yeah , it 's good . 
  i ca n't afford a warm lightweight winter coat and to fix my winter boots , so i 'm really happy about the weather and we 're saving so much on heating . 
  maybe the baltics will come out on top in this global warming thing . 
  it 's not that easy , the women also need to have jobs to be able to support themselves and their children since this is a major factor in staying in abusive relationships . 
  also , teaching their families that it 's okay to leave and not shameful ... it 's a clusterfuck, 
  which has a lower mortality rate than `` normal '' weight ranges . 
  obviously, 
  how is that legal ? 
  i forgot to check the weather report and tried out my new angora sweater yesterday ... almost died . 
  global warming kills , people !, 
  such a display of classiness by everyone involved . 
  wow , thank you . 
  i ca n't believe i got so drunk i wanted a polish card , ffs . 
  uhh, 
  friendliness 2 . 
  equality 3 . 
  freedom of expression, 
  no wonder i knew people who came to the lithuanian system from belarus . 
  it 's incomparable . 
  well this made me sober right up after friday .
