  i 'm so sorry for all the people that had worse opportunities than i did . 
  better gay than my parents , srsly, 
  \u4e41 \u25d1 \u035c\u0631 \u25d1 \u310f i like free shit, 
  our culture is very different from our grandfathers ' culture . 
  i wish we thought about this more often . 
  hand holding is very innocuous . 
  but ... does that bring you any drawbacks as a lithuanian citizen or ... what, 
  i thought georgia was slightly less advanced . 
  herro u wan european bride ? 
  can you get it as a lithuanian ? 
  that 's the perfect average , 26 bmi is still considered healthy and `` overweight '' ranges above that have a higher life expectancy than lowest healthy bmi markers . 
  i 'd know , i 'm at 25 and most people think `` you 're so skinny , eat something omg '', 
  how dare you, 
  it 's pretty fucked up that this is n't accepted in most countries, 
  wtf that 's just like in lithuania . 
  are you lying ? 
  victoria 's secret models are more voluptuous than high fashion models . 
  high fashion models would struggle to fill a bra . 
  the vast majority of plus-size models are within healthy weight range . 
  the kind of diets that young women go on to lose weight can be massively dangerous to a developing body . 
  the whole mindset of dieting to achieve model weight leads only to more weight gain and yo-yo effects which are even worse for the heart than being overweight . 
  when i was in school , practically every textbook was sponsored by the soros foundation , i do n't know where they 'd have gotten books without it . 
  i endorse this posts, 
  fun fact , after the war many jews came from the soviet union and had a thriving community until they were allowed to emigrate in the seventies . 
  fuck yes , i hate orange lights . 
  daylight bulbs everywhere plz, 
  who obsess about makeup !, 
  yeah , i ca n't believe i remember when the potato jokes were funny ... seems like a millenium ago . 
  i 'm sorry you have to suffer through that :( ( ( ( ( (, 
  i. ... . go to the train museum at the station with my nephew a lot , so maybe i 'm contributing funds to developing the rail system ? 
  sorry i ca n't do more :(, 
  yeah i just tagged you after that one comment because somehow i never figured out that you 're latvian before , wtf, 
  oh god ... . * i 'm visible *, 
  wew lad that 's crazy . 
  how do they justify that ?? 
  are you guys still not over being mistaken for gypsies ? 
  is that video fucked up or did i get this drunk over just half a bottle of alcopop ? 
  could you explain to me how they broke it or are you tired of it already ? 
  i fear my pea brain wo n't be able to handle news sources . 
  yes , but there are certain things that give away your country , or discussions where it comes up , and that is very very rare . 
  although there 's not a lot of europeans on women 's subs in general , i feel really lucky to see a german or russian one, 
  i 'm not the best as football knowledge , so i kept looking at the tables for a very long time , confused that somehow there are n't many good teams this time , but i do n't know why ... ... ... 
  who would do such a thing ??? 
  please tell me you did n't, 
  does everyone in ireland have their own dutch ? 
  that 's not even a good picture of a vagina, 
  seventh place is n't bad . 
  there 's surprisingly a lot of lithuanians on this subreddit , although i never see any on the other subs . 
  band heinavanker , album `` songs of olden times : estonian folk hymns '' , song `` mu s\u00fcda , \u00e4rka \u00fcles '' . 
  very enchanting, 
  yes , but why in lithuania and latvia and not other places ? 
  why are our young citizens so much dumber than others ? 
  wow , is that a popular song ? 
  i just downloaded an album with the exact track from 4chan a couple weeks ago and have been listening to it on repeat . 
  it tastes like mud flavored fish . 
  not earth , mud . 
  oh god, 
  i believe they should have gone to giving men their married and unmarried surnames back . 
  would have been so much cooler . 
  we do depending on the ph of the environment . 
  right now the vapors in the atmosphere are more on the acidic side , that 's why most lithuanians are female . 
  experts are undecided on whether or not this is caused by global warming . 
  tagged you as `` unmarried woman '', 
  i 've just been told that the white scarf is kurdish-style . 
  that 'd get you kicked out of my family . 
  yeah i never heard of not drinking alcohol on the eve . 
  the very thought !, 
  same as others , married women wear hijab . 
  anyone who does n't care about the stupid sculptures is a putinbot !, 
  a putinbot i tell you !, 
  no real lithuanian citizen could view these sculptures without falling to his knees and crying !, 
  the neighborhood looks a bit more boring without them . 
  no alcohol ? 
  fuck , i 'll have to tell my family this christmas ... we 've been doing it wrong . 
  senpai noticed us !, 
  boy . 
  we really are hot-blooded southerners down below . 
  a lot of these benefits do n't exist here . 
  i just had a friend from latvia visiting this weekend and everyone just had to come up and talk to him on the street and in bars :d, 
  i really like the [ belarusian band mox ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikwr3dz8bck ) who sing in russian . 
  i listen to russian music otherwise , but not a lot of belarusian except [ stary olsa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flxs2re44zo ) . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6ucaz3pgbe ) is my favorite song by ska-p , who everyone knows for [ cannabis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ourgzr5egly ) , but it 's notable to me for making spanish sound actually cool . 
  [ egotronic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz2y6xzjfks ) is probably my favorite german thing ever , sorrynotsorry . 
  how can they be so crazy ? 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=excbadj6zn4 ) plays in my head all the time . 
  folk songs from european countries are always welcome but i rarely notice the artists . 
  if i could do it , so can the bacteria, 
  how could they do this to the good king !, 
  holy shit , no they do n't . 
  who built it ? 
  looks barn-inspired . 
  iceland 's seems infuriating to sit at . 
  especially on the corner . 
  that 's the last thing i expected to see . 
  lithuania studies english , just like me !, 
  why , you ask ? 
  london giv job good !, 
  norway is also england job language speak !, 
  most useful university program for washing dish , by far . 
  that 's certainly one reason to have a world war .
