  i once got a tick in germany and went to some sort of tick doctor who had a map of tick prevalence in europe and was very excited to meet someone from hardcore tick country . 
  we apparently have a lot of ticks . 
  i 've heard some people talk about how belarus is baltic and rightful lithuanian clay . 
  mother of god . 
  a lot of people have garden allotments but some have been converting them into residential houses . 
  my last name sounds unusual to people and no one spells it right on first try but variations of it exist all over the country and there 's a few unrelated people on fb with my exact name . 
  all the people with this name outside of lithuania are jewish , so that 's interesting . 
  ( found some in dachau 's `` guestbook '' too ) i 've never heard someone else having my mom 's maiden name but it seems like they exist , if only rarely . 
  i honestly think i caught some sort of infection from entering sch\u00f6nefeld . 
  there are spas and dedicated massage places that advertise having asian or blind masseuses . 
  all of them moderately fancy but i get my mom coupon deals for like 9 euros a massage . 
  gift cards for them are pretty common but those are really expensive . 
  you can also get cheaper ones at public clinics . 
  i have n't gone but i used to get lung massages in a sanatorium 0/10 do not recommend ; _ ;, 
  the pr campaign for armpit shaving began in the 20s i believe , as sleeveless dress came into fashion . 
  nope , i 've had tons of offensive fun with israelis , germans , austrians and assorted european jews . 
  i got fancy-ass `` traditional moonshine '' in an airport duty-free , that 's about it . 
  tasted like alcohol . 
  dracula or gypsy ? 
  `` why do n't you talk russian ? 
  you 're refusing to speak russian on purpose because you hate russians ? '', 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeee i tried learning the fucking moon language for two years i 'm sorry russian classes in germany suck so hard, 
  that the neon pink soup is delicious . 
  born on a trolleybus !, 
  the op does n't ask about lithuanian heritage, 
  i ca n't believe no one has mentioned maine coons !, 
  they 're like 40 % of every cat exposition these days . 
  so big, 
  cartoon network was on all day . 
  yep , it 's legal , i got hit by one as a kid . 
  was pretty cool, 
  you did n't get the memo ? 
  it 's in fashion now since at least 2015 . 
  hello , his wife ... 
  95 % eastern european . 
  a year ago the results showed 70 % eastern european and 25 % northwestern european but then something changed . 
   ^ ( you most likely had a fourth great-grandparent , fifth great-grandparent , sixth great-grandparent , or seventh great ( or greater ) ^ ( grandparent who was 100 % british & irish . 
  this person was likely born between 1720 and 1810 . 
  ) ^ )  ^ ( you most likely had a fourth great-grandparent , fifth great-grandparent , sixth great-grandparent , or seventh great ( or greater ) ^ ( grandparent who was 100 % finnish . 
  this person was likely born between 1720 and 1810 . 
  ) ^ ) my greatest claim to fame is being more neanderthal than 99 % of all 23andme customers . 
  edit : the website is n't all that useful but you can export the genetic data and feed it to other websites for more details , this wo n't tell you ancestry ( besides the mindblowing revelation that i am likely to have blue eyes like literally my entire family ) , but the health details are pretty accurate - they showed much higher than average genetic inclinations for diseases common within my family and a genetic disease my boyfriend has . 
  haha , well the whole world has a huge boner for the nordics so you know . 
  see also people wanting to `` dissociate from eastern europe '' . 
  it 's not like baltics are untermenschen ( although seeing what our ` expats ' get up to i do n't blame anyone ) , but there 's definitely a sense of nordics being done sort of ideal . 
  you know who also uses the sauna ? 
  r u s s i a n s u s s i a n s, 
  damn you are hot tempered for a nordic . 
  because political , historical and social factors are a thing ... 
  you seem to be operating on some sort of 19th century essentialist notions of inherent national character forged through milennia , while i believe the last 100 years of history and social conditions are the crucial basis of identity . 
  even taking events of my own lifetime , i have a certain specific understanding with people who have lived through the shocking upset of the 90s , remnants of collectivist brainwashing , post-socialist mentality , east-west divide , and rapid economic growth with all its pitfalls , be they from estonia , russia ( except putinbots ) , romania , serbia , montenegro or israel . 
  you can choose to ignore these unsavory , unromantic , dreary bits of history and sing romantic songs about your nordic protestant stone churches or whatever it is you do , but i find it more honest to acknowledge the things we 've been through together that influenced society , and the ways being a northeastern european country is different from other eastern european countries . 
  `` more like poland than estonia '' is always gon na be subjective quabbling based on stereotypes , and no i do n't think lithuania is more like poland . 
  i have family there which i 've visited , part of my family speaks fluent polish , i 've had a bunch of polish friends from all over poland and helped organize their cultural events , i even had a boyfriend from poland ffs , and everything i encountered from their culture was pretty alien compared to how we communicated with latvians and estonians . 
  they 've experienced different things , they see things differently , their humor is different , even the border crossing with poland is a stark contrast compared to latvia and estonia . 
  baltic is not * just * an ethnolinguistic category , ffs . 
  we are all at a crossroads of nordic and eastern european culture , the catholic/protestant divide is meaningless in these days and if you look at any others country we are more similar to each other than any of them . 
  in part because if people are gon na take the nordic bullshit seriously there 's no reason we should be considered lower much different from estonians . 
  we have the same recent history , act as a bloc , are treated as a bloc , have the same general culture and economy in the broader european context , the `` baltic identity '' was integral to independence and it 's weird that someone would be so vehement in `` rising above '' some of their closest allies . 
  i mean , it 's ok if you do n't feel super culturally close but why try so hard to prove it ? 
  i do ... the estonians in this thread are breaking my heart :(, 
  my family are fucking awful at making them , they 're a mushy smelly grey mass , but the ones in germany are honestly pretty good . 
  shut up, 
  i love textured foods , the layered skin , thin meat and chewy cartilage is amazing to take apart, 
  macaroni really . 
  try milk soup with carrots , potatoes and cucumbers and whatever the fuck else can make it taste more like vomit . 
  the hollandaise tbh, 
  not high but higher than germans that 's for sure . 
  i used to love spicy food before i got gastritis and never really got back into it . 
  in germany they 're sold in sp\u00e4tkauf for 8 euros but i have n't seen anyone using it since i do n't go where kids hang out . 
  nice try australia, 
  what do you mean ? 
  australia is a proud central european country . 
  they just really really like it . 
  i hear britain used casually when talking about general culture and shit , united kingdom is officially used in press , and england stands for england and wales ( my friend lives in wales and always says she 's going back to england ) . 
  you 're right , no one calls scotland uk . 
  also , a lot of the time is just `` i 'm going to london bye '', 
  hoppipolla ... but does it count ? 
  the language is made up . 
  i do n't know about going out , but asking strangers on dates is n't uncommon anywhere i 've been ... 
  it comes from `` volk '' . 
  my interpretation is funnier though and not technically incorrect . 
  `` mother fatherland '' . 
  as in the land of fathers is your mother . 
  my grandma once told me germans were `` cold '' . 
  that 's about it . 
  i do n't think she knew any germans and she was wrong . 
  in my family , aspic , tongue and fine jars of mayo, 
  why not a chocolate rabbi ? 
  that song is so fucking creepy for some reason, 
  they do this in israel . 
  every restaurant or cafe ends with a barrage of thank yous . 
  i was taught to always start a conversation when passing a fisherman . 
  seems counterintuitive, 
  you 'd think that but i got two colds just this week , one walking with an open jacket on a warm windy day and one opening my window for airing too often . 
  feel like absolute shit, 
  if i hear mediterranean i first think of italy , spain and southern france , but after living in israel i 'd include the eastern and southern shore as well because of their crazy overwhelming obsession with food , laid back vibe , going to parties late at night and not thinking of work as the biggest priority in life . 
  trying to choose a fucking restaurant with a mediterranean boyfriend is a nightmare . 
  very nice with toast and cheese , makes me feel like i 'm eating healthy . 
  buy ... or borrow :  there is a lithuanian documentary from the early 90s about the crowds of young men who go to buy cars in germany and drive them back to resell .
