  gib money to lithuania is right thing to do . 
  ummmmmmmmmmmm . 
  thank you . 
  could someone maybe eli5 why this happens and what it does ? 
  it seems kind of important but i do n't get it . 
  i think anyone who has enough brain cells to pay attention in history class also knows enough not to hate people for no good reason . 
  so it 's just a lot of joking and circlejerking about the wilno issue , because it 's less scary to pretend poland is the enemy and not russia . 
  it 's not fun to think about russia . 
  jesus christ how cute and adorable ( \u3065 \uff61 \u25d5 \u203f \u203f \u25d5 \uff61 ) \u3065, 
  germany , because i belong there and people understand my jokes . 
  latvia , because they 're instabestfriends and very cute 3 . 
  poland , because history , big & beautiful , i have family there , vodka, 
  yeah , but they have a low birthrate thanks to all that pesky electricity , and infant mortality is diminished by electricity-fueled hospitals . 
  i like the weasel part, 
  he 's a time traveller !, 
  you dun goofed up ukraine, 
  `` i know germany better than people in germany ! '', 
  whee , i 'm number one !, 
  got atheists and villagers spot on . 
  plz gib citizenship and hartz iv, 
  holy fug, 
  lol , luxembourg and malta . 
  i 've been following it all along , but it still felt like `` this is just for a short while , it 'll change , it 's still a normal country , it 's always been a normal country , they have to be '' . 
  nope ... 
  increased natural selection will create a race of overpowered super-russians , bigger and angrier than ever . 
  i 've grown up thinking of turkey as a european country but now it 's like i 'm starting to wake up and getting real scared for all my friends there . 
  what do you think is the link between the legal status of prostitution , and human trafficking ? 
  perhaps you are more familiar than me with how germany 's liberal policy affects rates of trafficking - experts seem to be divided on whether it causes an increase . 
  do you think changes in prostitution law can affect this , or should we focus on the actual mechanisms of selling and buying people ? 
  yay , the one thing we lead in the baltic states !, 
  that 's fucked up . 
  on the other hand , this increases the birthrate . 
  that 's what i thought , i was wondering why old turks watch the young ones poop . 
  wow , i 've never heard of half of these things . 
  though we used to have a big collection of the last ones . 
  that 's the best gift there is . 
  d : you 're going to shake my hand ? 
  gross !, 
  what a slut !, 
  do n't you know about diseases ? 
  yeah , i could taste that from the tap . 
  yeah , i peed in it . 
  ... guilty as charged !, 
  but it smells so bad . 
  how can water smell like that ... it ca n't be healthy . 
  also , there 's many people on the internets that actually think the way you post, 
  and ... when you get wet , you get colder , right ? 
  and when you get cold and wet , you get sick , right ? 
  and when you 're cold , you do n't sweat ? 
  do you get why we do n't shower ? 
  if i lived in israel i 'd shower five times a day although i feel like that gross kinneret water does n't get me any cleaner . 
  that i 'm not planning to cite this survey in my dissertation , it 's just a bit of fun . 
  i know all that , but people are lightheartedly looking what is common between bosnia and turkey that their hands are so clean . 
  have you ever been to northern europe in winter ? 
  what other common denominators do they have , out of a sea of other countries ? 
  then again , human bites are extremely likely to become infected because of our gross mouth bacteria , like komodo dragons . 
  dogs , who eat poop , have a cleaner bite . 
  everyone i know usually waves . 
  do n't fucking touch me . 
  i wonder if this will be suitable for 5 year old children ? 
  i know someone who might be very interested ... 
  what 's a toilet ? 
  of course !, 
  what 's weird about that ? 
  in my country , the week starts on tuesday . 
  to be sure , it 's refined and noble , but lacks the ridiculousness and sleazy trendiness of hautvote ( it even sounds like its encased in black faux leather ) . 
  in this very rare case i 'll pick the french over the german . 
  i like germany, 
  will it help if i , as a foreigner , have one in my room and wear the flag colors everyday ? 
  hautvote sounds so much more fashionable though . 
  very stylish indeed . 
  so you think half a million middle class people left , from a country of three million ? 
  poor people do n't sign their names in a neat emigration list when they go , amigo . 
  we lost half a million people . 
  who even has that many academics, 
  it 's a figurative expression of disbelief at your utter wrongness . 
  come over here , talk to the poor and middle class people , exodus is a weak word for it . 
  more like evacuation, 
  i do n't know what to tell you . 
  this is the best word i have heard all week, 
  it looks like a pile of presents !, 
  shut up, 
  is this true ? 
  it 's from the beginnings of 4chan , nothing to do with reddit or any sort of rational justification . 
  that 's ... how did you come up with that ? 
  eh , probably just jumpy from all that ptsd . 
  it 's fine , it 's fine . 
  it 's just a really played out joke by now . 
  you do n't think 16 is a good age of consent ? 
  what kind of results ? 
  seven days in turkey is cheaper than seven days at the lithuanian beach . 
  really , though , it 's more efficient to just spend weekends digging up weeds at your garden house . 
  do n't worry !, 
  we 're taking people to lithuania too !, 
  it 's only a few days walk away ~, 
  there 's a lot of support groups in europe if you look for them . 
  they 're pretty neat . 
  what is a better way ? 
  knowing americans personally does n't contradict what he said , for me . 
  i 've been on a lot of coffee dates but it 's kinda awkward .
