  have you actually looked at what is happening in the u.s. ? 
  when was the last time ( if ever ) that you were on a campus in germany ? 
  we luckily do n't have [ this kind of travesty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iefd_jvyd0 ) ... yet . 
  as i said , once a precedent is set you 'll have a hard time reversing the flow of the tide . 
  oh boy , so you 're one of * those * , huh ? 
  poor misguided you . 
  & nbsp ; in any event , i suppose we are done here then . 
  you continue to fail to answer my question regarding specifics ^ [ 1 ] and resort to ad hominems . 
  in any case , i think it 's cute that you suspect me of being a teenager when i 've got a hunch that i 'm actually considerably older than you , bucko . 
  but whatever , youths in particular are incapable of admitting when they are wrong so i guess i can let you off on that account . 
  & nbsp ; ^ [ 1 ] in case you still do n't get it : there is nothing vague about that law . 
  each word , each phrase in it is strictly defined by jurists . 
  there is no ambiguity about , for instance , what constitutes `` inciting hatred '' as i have already shown elsewhere on this page . 
  that you think otherwise and deem this to be an ambiguous clause reveals you to be the clueless layman that you are . 
  heh , had you not called yourself out i would n't even have recognized this as self-praise ( i still do n't necessarily see it as such ) . 
  if anything i was about to commend you myself for providing such a helpful service to the community , hahaha . 
  yes , assuming good faith is n't easy . 
  i guess i was in defense mode after receiving quite a number of unfriendly replies on this page when i dared point out the latent xenophobia in one of these posts . 
  again , be specific . 
  what exactly strikes you as ambiguous and subjective ? 
  by the way , quite a number of laws are `` subjective '' to an extent ( cf. 
  the `` cruelty '' criterion in murder charges ) . 
  were you well-informed as far as this subject is concerned you 'd know that . 
  & nbsp ; and uh , given the terrible evaluation of this law that you 're spouting i do n't think that you 're in any kind of position to tell me that i do n't know what i am talking about . 
  i noticed , too , that you evaded my question regarding your expertise in the field of law . 
  from that i conclude that you do n't have any and as such have to resort to accusing me of your own shortcomings . 
  that makes more sense . 
  i first read this is a rebuttal to my post , not as approval . 
  will you at least concede that going directly from `` hetze '' to `` hate speech '' is a stretch ? 
  alrighty . 
  huh ? 
  how so ? 
  what it does is treat despicable speech that dehumanizes people as something not worth protecting and in fact as something worth punishing . 
  regular insults are already illegal , why should this kind of talk be any different ? 
  sorry , maybe i did a poor job of translating this . 
  the original german expression used here is `` b\u00f6swillig ver\u00e4chtlich mach [ en ] '' which more or less translates to `` maliciously disparage '' . 
  what is meant here is denigrating someone ( because of their affiliation with one of the aforementioned groups ) in such a way that it attacks their very humanity ( and might disturb the public peace ) . 
  examples : declaring publicly that all immigrants are subhuman scum falls under this law . 
  declaring publicly that immigrants should not be allowed to enter germany does n't fall under this law . 
  telling an immigrant in a 1-on-1 that he and every other immigrant are subhuman scum does n't fall under this law ( although you can still get sued for this on the basis of insulting them , just not under this law ) . 
  & nbsp ; in other words , you criticize something in germany by simply not being total cunt about it . 
  it might not be right now but give it time . 
  laws rarely get repealed and usually only after decades of dedicated effort to do so . 
  this might come back to haunt ukrainians . 
  how is it poorly worded ? 
  all the phrases used in it are well-defined by lawmakers . 
  are you a lawyer or at least otherwise trained in law ? 
  if not then i recommend you stay back and leave the evaluation to people who know what they are talking about . 
  the average person usually does an atrocious job of understanding legalese . 
  i 'd expect that those people simply do not know of any other theory than their own . 
  so if you sat them down and went through alternative ones i would n't be surprised to see them open to this new perspective , even if not all of them ultimately change their own . 
  to cite [ the official jurisdiction ] ( http://www.lexexakt.de/index.php/glossar?title=zumhassaufstacheln.html ) :  \u201e zum hass aufstacheln `` [ ... ] wird definiert als ein nachhaltiges einwirken auf sinne und gef\u00fchle anderer mit dem ziel , hass im sinne von feindschaft , d.h. nicht blo\u00dfe ablehnung oder verachtung , hervorzurufen & nbsp ; this translates to :  `` inciting hatred '' is defined as sustained influence on the minds and emotions of others with the goal of evoking hatred in the sense of hostility , i.e. 
  not mere disapproval or contempt & nbsp ; i hope that answered your question :3, 
  `` we '' meaning italy here ? 
  eh , statistics are a whole \u2019n other subject . 
  without the proper formal knowledge ( and access to the raw data in many cases ) you can not distinguish even the most fraudulent of statistics from legitimate ones . 
  usually people wo n't even recognize underhanded tricks such as the dishonest framing of data . 
  huh ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
  what do you think i am proposing ? 
  sure , sure . 
  my point is that this law will still open the door for frivolous lawsuits , some of which will presumably succeed . 
  look at the u.s. for an example of how this kind of legislated tolerance worked out . 
  certain , ehm , * opportunistic * people will use these laws as a means of getting their way , with the resulting cases devolving into `` he said , she said '' nonsense . 
  in a judicial system where juries usually decide the outcome that can get real ugly . 
  i do n't know enough about ukraine 's judicial system to say whether they 'll face similar problems or not as a result of the system 's design but the possibility is there . 
  eh , i suppose ... although i suspect that some of that ` naive idealism ' might just you being naturally conservative and entrenched in your ways yourself :p, 
  yeah but why ? 
  i 'm not claiming that there is no resentment against refugees and immigrants in general , just that said resentment is fundamentally different from the kind of resentment you found in yugoslavia between croats , serbs and slovenes and that , as a result of this , a similar collapse due to a lack of homogeneousness is unlikely . 
  i 'm having trouble finding the article but i recall that a csu politician ( very conservative party in bavaria ) who called immigrants `` schmarotzer '' ( \u2248 parasites ) a couple of years back . 
  i 'm pretty sure that this politician did n't face any legal trouble . 
  [ more recently ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/fluechtlingskrise/pfarrer-als-neger-beschimpft-csu-politiker-treten-nach-rassistischen-aeusserungen-zurueck-13890741.html ) some other csu politicians called a local pastor `` neger '' ( = negro ) which is an insult to black people in german and only had to step down from their positions . 
  & nbsp ;  going by my observations people tend to become more entrenched beyond a certain age , less open to any new ideas . 
  sure . 
  but the ideas which they entrench themselves in are still more progressive than the ones of their ancestors , are they not ? 
  so even with that natural mechanism in mind , progress can still be achieved . 
  more reason to sue a company on the basis of this law if they do n't hire you and you happen to be homosexual . 
  the working class people you know harbor resentment against syrians and such based on feuds between themselves and them ? 
  see my reply below . 
  yes , this behavior is not exclusive to his subreddit but neither is it universal . 
  plenty of especially the smaller , tight-knit subreddits have userbases that get and use the correct way of downvoting . 
  it is n't ? 
  errr , that 's an oversimplification of that conflict to say the least . 
  the issue there was n't the actual difference between those ethnicities but the perceived ones that agitators had capitalized on and exacerbated for centuries . 
  the situation with these refugees is n't the same at all . 
  there is n't some built-up resentment against syrians etc. 
  among europeans that has been brewing for generations as a result of feuds between locals . 
  who cares what the rabble on reddit declares hate speech ? 
  law makers and those working in the judicial system are generally more intelligent than that bunch and better at making judgments . 
  you realize that this is the maximum sentence , right ? 
  in minor cases you might just be fined . 
  does that mean you are against the paragraph against volksverhetzung in principle ? 
  and what about restrictions of speech against insults , slander and threats ? 
  wait , what ? 
  the latter ( calling groups `` freeloarders '' ) happens all the time , even coming from politicians . 
  since when is that illegal here ? 
  sauce ? 
  stuhl 's translation is better than that . 
  is that last sentence supposed to imply that you know of societies that ** have ** broken down simply due to them being * too * heterogeneous ( you forget the 2nd `` e '' again ) ?
