  no , it does n't go both ways . 
  and you seem pretty clueless about the importance of opposition parties and what role they have in parliaments . 
  you should read up on it rather than accept ignorance as the answer . 
  no , they do n't . 
  chinas goverment and political system is extremely inefficiently run mostly because decades of systematic and widespread corruption from bottom to top and their nationwide stranglehold on controlling information and their citizens is costing them an insane amount of money and is an expenditure that will only keep increasing as long as the middleclass in china grows . 
   and the people do n't hate the system as much as our media would have you believe . 
  this is also more or less exactly what people would claim about assad , ben ali , gaddafi and hosni mubarak before the arab spring . 
  people just `` loved '' them . 
  i 'd estimate that within 10 years or less we will have joined nato . 
  once socialdemokraterna gets around to openly support the idea it will happen quickly . 
  well fuck the whiners . 
  angela merkel with germany is at least trying to lead !, 
  something that no other national leader within the eu members states appeared to have given a single fuck about doing yet want to maintain their special precious influence as a pm within the eu instead of giving all the power to the eu parliament . 
  so either any of those national leaders can step up their game , put their food where their mouth is and actively work on trying to find a solution that can pass through their `` oh-so-important-littleclub '' or they can sincerly go home and fuck themself . 
  and until any of that happens i 'll gladly take merkel . 
  well someone got obviously butt hurt by orban being called a clown . 
  your response is probably the most infantile thing i 've ever read on reddit . 
  but anyways [ here is one report for you to read which explains more indepths about what i mean with hungary holding little to no influence within the eu compared to other members . 
  ] ( http://www.ecfr.eu/page/-/ecfr125_scorecard_2015.pdf ) page 15 should be a real treat for you . 
  they must be totally bummed out over `` the universal declaration of human rights '' which makes the vote they just had completly meaningless and a waste of everybodies time . 
  yes , ofcourse they do have negative effects on basic human rights etc. 
  orban himself is living proof of that with how little he cares for them . 
  which is why the only place he can do serious damage is hungary . 
  outside of hungary he is pretty much nothing more than a crooked clown with no real influence . 
  so unless hungary leaves the eu ( which would be very unlikely ) he has reached the peak of his political career and unless he wants to earn the honor of being the first eu memberstate to be put in the political freezer by the eu he ca n't do much more to endanger civil liberties nor freedom . 
  orban is more or less just a populistic opportunist with autocratic tendencies and that is nothing new in europe , you could say that he is just the new clown of europe after silvio berlusconi stepped down . 
  orban also holds little to no political influence outside of hungary due to what he is and the populistic rhetoric he uses and how irrelevant hungary is when it comes to international politics . 
  orban rose to power long before the current refugee/migrant crisis and has most definately reached his peak in both power and influence . 
  to the eu he will most likely conntinue to be a nuisance and a hickup just like berlusconi was but the only place he wields enough influence to do serious damage would be hungary . 
  you do realise assad regime does systematically murder people ? 
  and im not talking about civilians getting caught in crossfire during military operations im talking systematically kidnapping , imprisoning and tortureing people who are suspected of being with the opposition/rebels . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35110877 as long as assad is remaining in power it is very unlikely anyone who fled syria will be deported back to syria post civil war . 
  so you might wan na get a grip on reality . 
  he dont even need a referendum . 
  his government can literally tomorrow call for leaving the eu and iniate the process . 
  pretty sure chinas communist party takes it seriously because its such an easy for everyone to see/experience when the smog is outside peoples home and it currently being one of the leading reasons for civil unrest , which is a serious threat to their leadership . 
  selfpreservation is powerful motivation . 
  pretty sure the people below him will do that the moment he gets serious about starting a war against nato or escalating conflict in europe further . 
  his entire rule is built on corruption and selfempoverment . 
  his cronies support him as long as they gain wealth by doing so . 
  the moment they risk losing that position ( i.e. 
  war with nato = they end up dead/dying ) . 
  their desire for selfpreservation will force them to do something . 
  not to mention that the russian economy has taken a severe hit from the oil price dumping and if it keeps going down the shittier he might be ousted even sooner , no matter how much he wants to blame it on the evil west . 
   one day , they support the welfare state and the other they want to impose a flat tax and benefit the upper-middle classes . 
  this is essentially how our leftwing party v ( v\u00e4nsterpartiet ) has choosen to tackle sd by heavily criticizing and highlighting their `` flipflopping '' policies compared during election and post election and the hypocracy that comes with it . 
  swedish democrats are not secular when it comes to their politics and i dont really know where you got the idea that they would be secular . 
  socialconservatism does not tend to mix with secularism . 
  that seems like a fairly shitty defense position his lawyers have . 
  to my knowledge it is fairly known . 
  mainly because one of them after the war lay the foundation for post ww2 revival of neonazism/fascism in sweden . 
  for the swedish government to deny that any swedish person served in the ss would be insanely retarded . 
  equally retarded as to claim that poles did not kill jews during ww2 , which appears to be the polish governments position . 
  rewriting history is not defending its good name . 
  would you be okay with russia defending its `` good name '' that nothing bad happend during its occupation of poland and claims that bad things did happen is just lies ? 
  poland has a fuckton of history in being for its time a very progressive nation throughout history ( polish -- lithuanian commonwealth etc. ) . 
  there is a reason that poland had a big jewish minority before ww2 . 
  but you still have to accept the black parts of your history . 
  i believe its because the polish government wants to portray themself and polands history as infallible to stir pis flavored nationalism . 
  will be akward for them when he starts talking about pogroms that happend before ww2 in poland . 
  judaism , christianity and islam are all abrahamic religions . 
  all 3 religions emphasize and trace their common origin back to abraham . 
  as a person born in sweden and just after the end of the coldwar in the early 90s it pisses me off how ignorant many in my generation is to the tyranny of communism that enslaved eastern europe . 
  this video is a perfect example as to why that shit should never be forgotten . 
  that is a mighty high horse from someone who jumps on command when putin asks . 
  read up on history . 
  alot of nazis walked free and alot of them hanged . 
  being a member of the nazi party or the ss did not automaticly make you guilty of war crimes . 
  it still had to be proven in court . 
  all nazi war criminals got their time in court post ww2 . 
  the same way all the war criminals from the balkan war got their time im court after the war . 
  and the same thing will most certainly happen post syrian civil war . 
  and once that happens people will most likely start to sing out their friends to get reduced sentences or to direct blame on them or just out of spite . 
  its almost as if participating in war crimes makes you responsible for them !, 
  are people really so ignorant that they 've already forgotten about the cold war and the terror of the soviet union and its puppet communist regimes ? 
  i 'd take todays europe with terrorist attack any day compared to yesterdays europe . 
   but if there 's no proof of fraud why repeat the election ? 
  because it is possible there were fraud that has not been detected . 
  the result thus is not waterproof , which is what i think you should aim for when holding an election . 
  this more or less exact samething happend in my town during elections for the local county . 
  with a district losing a few postal votes that ended up unaccounted for so the district that had irregularities got their result annulled and they had to redo the election . 
  i think the eu will insist on them leaving or downgrading to that `` much better '' norwegian deal so they wont have anymore influence cause i dont see the eu or its remaining members ever trusting uk as an equal partner in the eu after this amazing clueless shitfest of theirs . 
  made me really sad that he didnt make it :( god fucking damn it ... 
  they could article 7 nuke uk to force them to call on article 50 . 
  the article 7 nuke exists and can strip a memberstate of any and all say in the eu including their right to veto or even partcipate in eu meetings . 
  i think it is fair to wait for the new british prime minister to get picked but if he dont call article 50 immidieatly i think eu will just stonewall uk until they do . 
  cant have those pesky tourists coming to their country spending all their money !, 
  i wonder how pissed scotland will now when the leave appears to win !, 
  also important to point out you are a mother !, 
  hollywood movie being made about this event based on the book , that has the same name i believe . 
  http://m.imdb.com/title/tt3759298/?ref_=m_nmfmd_act_2 the bad guy from mr robot will be in it . 
  hoppfully more people will learn about this tragedy . 
  didnt social unrest play a huge part in the collapse of the soviet union ? 
  radical islamist in syria is not a new phenomenon . 
  there has always been radical islamist in syria for decades , even during the reign of bashar al-assad 's father . 
  the thing about authoritarian states is that they rarely make any progress as a society since more or less every act they do is not based on the will/good of the people but the will/good of the man currently in power and they jump at every opportunity to blame others for failures ; such as minorities , foreign countries or just an unlucky internal sacrifical lamb in order to maintain a facade of being infallible . 
  now the arab spring had literally zero to do with radical islamist because they , just like the syrian government and all national spy agencies where caught off-guard . 
  what it did have to do with was nationwide discontent towards the current government and their great many failures in providing a better future for the syrian people . 
  bashar al-assad took power in 2000 after his father died who had ruled syria since 1970 . 
  in 2006 syria suffered a drought that is considered to most likely have been the worst drought in 900 years .
