fun fact : the soviet union also used a referendum to legitimize the annexation . 
  in the soviet referendum 98 % of people voted in favor of being annexed by the soviet union . 
   they 're also entering ukraine illegally without visa through russia which is apparently okay for russia despite signing the minsk agreement . 
  would n't this mean that ukraine can start criminal investigation on each and everyone of them and ask them to be extradited to ukraine for entering the country illegal and have them stand trial ? 
  furhtermore i would like to add just how fucking despicable and disgusting it is that these people so happily are willing to sell out other peoples freedom and actively give aid to a fascist state annexing a neighbouring country . 
  they should be ashamed of themself . 
   russia already has it . 
  i think the cyborgs of donetsk airport would disagree . 
  wow , talk about going full retard . 
  im gon na protest my goverment so hard they will remain in power . 
  that will teach them not to fuck with me again !, 
  how would one practically even go through with something as refusing to respond to an emergency within ones territorial waters/international waters ? 
  do they propose that the italian/maltese/spanish coastguard/emergency services should investigate the emergency and if they determine it is regarding african migrants in emergency , i.e their ship is sinking , they should just stand back and watch them sink and drown instead of trying to save human lifes because they are not valid citizens of said nation/union ? 
  cause im pretty fucking sure that goes against international maritime law not to mention how straight out disgusting it would be . 
  a better solution would be to deal with the stream of african migrants as a eu problem involving the entire eu in solving and fixing instead of having spain , italy , malta and greece pulling most of the weight . 
   claim it was because of a fear of racism . 
  that is such a bullshit excuse of trying to save their own asses . 
  cause the best case scenario in this scandal is that those in charge were utterly incompetent in carrying out their duties or even knowing what their duties were . 
  or someone high up was on the payroll or an active part in these heinous crimes and used their influence to cover it up . 
  regardless of which scenario is proven true they need to be held accountable and they should be fucking ashamed of themselves !, 
  great article and very intresting . 
  i 'd say bush handled that very smoothly even aknowledging that he made a fool out of himself . 
  pixels are people too !, 
   all the economies other than russia lose out economically by joining . 
  so its the soviet union 2.0 ? 
  medvedev is the given successor of putin . 
  but there will definately be a power vaccum when putin is gone and it will be intresting to se if medvedev will manage to secure his succession . 
  cause im pretty sure the loser wont have a very fun life . 
  good . 
  its disgraceful though that epp still allows fidesz to be part of their eu group when fidesz obviously appear to have a very radically different agenda than the rest . 
  hopefully this will bring the eu closer in having a united energy plan for the union . 
  forcing russia to either trade with all or none of the eu nation and hopefully we will se more european nuclear power to cut the dependecies from russian gas . 
  no , but anyone who believes that putin is acting in the intrests of russian citizens is a complete idiot . 
  the difference is that people who survived stalins treatment and forced deportations are still alive and kicking it and they are amongst the group of tatar who are now back living under russian control . 
  thus they have fairly legitimate reason to be fearful and cautious against living under russian rule once more . 
  not to mention the mere fact of living in a facist policestate . 
  most crimean tatar despises russia and are very openly against the russian annexation of crimea . 
  most of them remeber what happend last time they lived through russian rule . 
  this is russias way of trying to `` crowd control '' them . 
  i think it might be a universal thing . 
  or just plain incompetent leadership which seems to thrive greatly in small counties/villages , atleast in sweden . 
  norway and finland . 
  well til !, 
  why not hand him over to the hague if they seriously do believe he fought for is he should be treated as a war criminal just like the ss and preferbly be tried for crimes against humanity since he gave active support to a group who is actively pursuing to commit genocide . 
  ofc you like it !, 
  it means denmark will finally gain control over sk\u00e5ne , v\u00e4sta g\u00f6taland , blekinge and halland !, 
  how exactly does one secure 2/3 majority with only 44 % votes ? 
  the scots are playing the long game . 
  to be fair though not even the english could properly conquer scotland after centuries of trying to . 
  we love you to !, 
  a moose . 
  they can probably get 132 pounds of ordinance delivered . 
  i did some research and i 'm calling bullshit on this entire story . 
  not a single swedish newspaper has covered this story . 
  and this would be a gigantic story in sweden , front page material for sure . 
  svenska komit\u00e9en mot antisemitism ( skma = swedish committee against anti-semitic ) are not mentioning any of this . 
  the fact that the woman claims to be to afraid to report it to the police yet willing to public go out with her name `` anna sj\u00f6gren '' and face on the internet and talk about it makes 0 sense . 
  so yeah , this story has 0 credability . 
  suddenly i want to go to lithuania . 
  i loved this one . 
  but mainly because of the sci-fi feel of it . 
  i got a feeling that in the coming few days a few of these leaders will end up permanently missing or just killed in action . 
  why do you think we build ikea in so many foreign countries . 
  the day russia decides to attempt to nuke any nato country is the day russia will seize to exist as a nation . 
  russia is trying hard to outmatch north korea in being batshit motherfucking insane . 
  you seem to missunderstand the concept of the eu . 
  you do n't trade with the eu . 
  the eu trades with you , with a few exception for super powers like china , usa and partly russia etc. 
  the whole point of the eu is to enter any negotiations with as much leverage as possible to make sure that any deal made is sure to come out in your favor . 
  this means the uk would have less leverage to negoiate with than the eu thus making it a lot less favorable for them to decline a deal than it would for the eu . 
  so the likelihood of the uk walking away empty handed is lower than the likelihood of the eu doing it . 
  further more , the eu has 28 members that accepts the eu package deal . 
  and they do n't really give out special treatment ( ironicly the only special treatment that i know off was given to britain when they joined the eu but that most likely has more to do with thatcher being iron in politics than the uk as a whole ) . 
  so the best thing the uk could get would be the same deal that norway has . 
  which more or less means adopt your marketlaws to the eu standard and follow their rules without any capabilities what so ever to influence them or change them . 
  since you will have 0 representation to do so from . 
  but hey , atleast you would n't have to pay a members fee . 
  so atleast you would have that going for you . 
  yes , it 's absolutely horrid to have to share public space with people you do n't like . 
  clearly those groups of people should be in jail for being offensive to you . 
  it is the only logical solution . 
  homelesspeople are pretty much pariahs of society and most people shun any and all interactions with them . 
  a more logical danger to spreading ebola would be people that travel a lot . 
  that goes from one international airport to another while still being unaware of their sickness . 
  and idiots should not hold power yet there he stands . 
  someone should retweet them some old nazi propaganda pictures and se how they react to bigotry aimed towards them . 
  how the fuck did this looney become an ambassador ? 
  this makes it even more clear why russia needs to suffer extreme sanctions for their actions against ukraine and continuing efforts to destabilize ukraine . 
  they have broken promise after promise and after each broken promise thrown a tantrum and blamed nato , eu and/or ukraine for forcing their actions , a behavior more akin to north korea than russia ... and that is fucking scary . 
  pressure them with economic sanctions , seize assets to putin 's key people and put their entire political elite under sanctions . 
  then when they are done behaving like a little baby and shows genuine effort to follow treaties that they have signed re-establish diplomatic channels/negotiation and begin lifting sanctions . 
  news are now reporting about 80 of the 295 passengers was children ... :(, 
  people really outta start minding their own business when it comes to what people wear or dont wear in public . 
  holy shit what a dumb ban . 
  its not victim blaming . 
  its the harsh reality . 
  the entire greek society is to blame for their current economic situation . 
  greece have had corruption running rampart and several years of incompetent leadership which even decided to cook the books to hide their economic problems . 
  now the cat is out of the bag and the greek public are gon na suffer through hard times . 
  does it suck that he has to pay so much taxes ?
