  this resulted in that between 2006-2011 75 % of all syrian farms to fail , 85 % of all syrian livestock died . 
  and approx . 
  1,5 million people being displaced/migrating to urban cities in hope of a better future ( syria has a total population of approx . 
  22 million ) . 
  now add to that the global recession that begun december 2007 which made a horrible situation worse for the syrian people . 
  now does this seem like a situation a democratic government would survive ? 
  where they would be able to maintain popular support after being ill-prepared and failing in managing a national drought and a global recession ? 
  i have a very hard time imagining any democratic government ever surviving it no matter how well intended their intentions/actions were . 
  so now imagine that you as a syrian is stuck with this incompetent government and its leader bashar al-assad for life . 
  thats what drove the syrian protestors to protest their government and demanding change . 
  they had the outrage of demanding a government that would work for the people and their intrests . 
  bashar al-assad 's refusal to this is what sparked the civil war and is why he is a dickcunt . 
  edit : just a general sidenote . 
  if you think al-assad is in anyway unhappy about the progress isis and other islamist extremist have made you would be very naive . 
  he wants the only choices for syria to be bashar al-assad or isis . 
  because if the only remaining ( alive ) opposition is an organisation that are literally worse than hitler it dont really matter that you are a massmurdering dickcunt since you are atleast not a genocidal massmurdering dickcunt . 
   this is exactly how it started in syria . 
  syrian intelligence services started turning blind eye to growing saudi influence in the country ... and when assad jr understood it was time to act it was waaaay too late . 
  yeah no , thats not even remotely close to what happend . 
  [ here is a pretty good timeline off the events spawned from the arab spring , which started with the suicide by tunisian mohamed bouazizi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_the_arab_spring#january_2 ) the syrian civil war could have been avoided had bashar al-assad not been a moronic dickcunt . 
  instead he opted to use the only tool that he knew ; violence . 
  only that this time instead of defusing situations like it had so many fucking times before it detonated a powder keg within the country which now has fragmented the entire nation leading to something like 30 + different factions being directly/indirectly involved . 
  ah , i found our stefan l\u00f6fven . 
  farily hard to miss . 
  # 3rd row and 2nd photo . 
  god damn it , this means we must side with turkey now ... / s but on a serious note good for him !, 
  i would guess because the greek government is fully capable of defending and speaking up for themself regarding turkey . 
  especially in a time where relations between greece and turkey appear rather strained . 
  berlin ( afp ) - germany on monday criticised as `` unacceptable '' russia 's decision to recognise passports issued by separatist rebels in ukraine 's eastern regions of lugansk and donetsk . 
  `` the recognition of travel documents of the self-declared , so-called people 's republics of lugansk and donetsk undermines the unity of ukraine , '' said chancellor angela merkel 's top spokesman steffen seibert . 
  `` it directly contradicts everything that was agreed in minsk ( peace talks ) and is therefore unacceptable . '', 
  you should probably read the article . 
  in sweden we have [ bris ] ( https://www.bris.se/?pageid=61 ), 
  [ must not have been a fun task to attack it . 
  ] ( http://www.sagetraveling.com/wp-content/uploads/st_acropolis-areal-map.jpg ) its essentially a fort due to the terrain . 
  google brygga then google bro and you will get the difference !, 
  damn it croatia !, 
  you should aim higher !, 
  if `` denmark '' can aim for `` denmark second '' when `` denmark '' is not even a real country then surely you can too !, 
  did someone ask how they were paid ? 
  feels like a natural follow up question to such idiotic claims . 
  like were they paid in cash ? 
  if yes where did these payouts happen ? 
  and how did someone manage to process so many transaction in such a short amount of time ? 
  if not in cash how did they know where to transfer this money and to whom ? 
  and how do you know the bank details of a private citizen ? 
  what a complete and utter tool !, 
  that looks absolutely amazing !, 
  we should inform number 8 . 
  yes , totally had nothing to do with totalitarianism and authoritarian rule under the guise of communism from 1945 to 1992 . 
  yugoslavia was a failed state 1992 due to decades upon decades of government missmanagement . 
  why the hell would they want to be part of a nation that only brought oppression , suffering and economic hardship to the majority of its citizens and systematically arrested , tortured and executed those that opposed ? 
  well we do have you guys !, 
  every single religion in the world has been abused to be used as an excuse to justify horrible deeds and values . 
  western nations are not secularized because of christianity but despite christianity and the leading causes to secularizing is prosperity , stability , education and public health access . 
  4 cornerstones that the western countries has had access to since the end of ww2 . 
  and yes . 
  the churches value , despite separation between church & state or lack there off has held alot of influence over society a influence that did not seriously start to crumble until the 90s . 
  if the churches did not hold so much influence over people with morals and values why do you think it took most nations up until 1990s and beyond to start accepting lgbt people as normal human beings ? 
  and no , most non-muslim countries are not secular . 
  the majority of christian nations are not secular . 
  yes . 
  and irish catholics are more violent than english christians !, 
  / s i very much doubt you are willing to buy the reasoning that irish catholics are more violent than their english counterparts solely because they are irish catholics . 
  and with the troubles as basis for argument europe should protect itself from the violent irishmen ? 
  islam is located in more unstable regions and regions often ruled by authoritarian dictatorships than compared to christianity and islamist extremist are mainly targeting muslims to further their political `` cause '' . 
  has more to do with the same way the troubles did not happen because irish catholics happen to be inherently more violent people because of their religious belief compared to that of an english christians and vice versa but rather because of regional instability in ni caused by political and religious extremists on both sides . 
  antisemitism was and is a reactionary force exactly the same way that anti-muslim sentiment is a reactionary force . 
  the big difference today is that most european nations are not corrupt enough , weak , nor accepting of racism for the government to tolerate it , thus the police will shut that shit down . 
  welcome to every single religion in the entire world . 
   pvv actually advocates gay rights and their leader geert wilders loves israel . 
  this has more to do that far right populists have pivoted away from blaming jews to blaming muslims . 
  it is alot easier to get away bashing muslims as those filthy foreigners in europe than it is bashing jews as those filthy foreigners because most european countries are well educated about the holocaust . 
  message remains the same but the target has shifted to maximize effect . 
  its also why alot of far right parties are no longer talking about it as a `` race issue '' but as a `` cultural issue '' which was a pivot that occured pretty quickly post ww2 for quite obvious reasons . 
  east-sweden *, 
  adapting populist rhetoric to quelch populism does not work . 
  you can not compete against someone making political promises that is not anchored in reality . 
  a good example is trumps promise to bring coal jobs back vs clintons promise to enact policies to help coal worker transition into other jobs . 
  you want to kill populism . 
  step aside . 
  let them govern and go into opposition . 
  once they are to govern by the constrains of reality their support will plummet . 
  the finnish populist `` true fins '' won 19 % of the votes in the 2015 finnish election . 
  was invited in to be part of the government coaliton . 
  and in december last year they were polling in around 9,4 % . 
  once you are restrained by reality and have to pass policy based on that reality and you are forced to argue for and defend those policies against public and political scrutiny it becomes alot harder to make outlandish promises . 
  greek syriaza is also a good example of a populist party very radically shifting their policy and rhetoric once it came into government and was forced to govern under the restraints of reality vs idelogoical fantasyland . 
  edit ; realised i forgot the most obvious one . 
  the political leaders of the brexit campaign who argued & supported brexit and now have to make red , blue and white policy decisions based on promises they made before winning the referendum while being restrained by reality . 
   i think the current record for expelling russians is by the uk in the 70s - 105 soviet diplomats , the entire gru and kgb residentures in britain . 
  any recollection of what caused britain to take this action in the 70s ? 
  cause that sure is alot of people . 
   national front secretary general nicolas bay told europe 1 radio on thursday the party required a loan of around $ 27 million ( # 23 million ) , but that french banks were refusing to `` play the game of democracy '' . 
  directly from the article . 
  ussr had a weak and ineffective economy yet they managed ( very willingly ) to maintain it for almost 70 years before the house of cards crumbled . 
  i dont think one should underestimate the power of fanatism towards an ideology/person vs common sense . 
  edit ; underestimate not overestimate ... 
  they 100 % want trump to start it so they can just assign all blame onto the us . 
  it should be pretty darn clear for everyone that russia seeks to re-enable the cold war .
