  yes . 
  but greece does n't really have much going for its economy and will need every single cent to survive as a nation so they are in for some lean years . 
  no , but its still the people who elected their leaders . 
  as harsh as it is , you reap what you sow . 
  greece is paying the high price of long term corruption and incompetent leadership . 
  the only requirement is that it is a commercial product . 
  and yes , i agree its awesome . 
  and boy do i feel silly now !, 
  so what you are saying is that you are a traitor to your own country . 
  willing to murder a lawfully elected leader , chosen by the people to be their leader . 
  if asked by a person holding ceremonial powers and you are willing to do it under the guise of being loyal to your country . 
  that you even have the audacity to claim that you are `` loyal to your country '' is not only wrong but despicable . 
  you clearly have absolutely no concept of loyalty nor acceptance to your nations constitution and further more you prove my point that citizenship is a redundant way of measuring loyalty since you claimed yourself willing to murder your lawfully elected pm ( a most treacherous act ) and you have been , i 'm willing to guess a citizen of norway the entirety of your life or atleast only hold citizenship in norway . 
  you sir are not only an idiot but a tremendous fool . 
  anyone who measures loyalty through a piece of paper or even believe that can be done has absolutely no concept of what loyalty is and should not sit in a position where he or she gets to judge it . 
  usually the most successful spies/collaborators have been citizens from birth to the countries they 've betrayed and they did it for either power , greed or ideology . 
  which is why a debate about dual citizenship under the pretext that your citizenship makes you loyal is completely redundant . 
  actions determines loyalty . 
  not a piece of paper . 
  that was not a raid ... you totally invited us over ... for . . ehrm . . fish ... 
  i will let you know good sir that sweden has n't done any raiding or pillaging in the last 200 years !, 
  we are quite civilized now !, 
  good . 
  lets hope they ban sweatpants next and various other clothing items which i find ugly and offensive !, 
  all in the name of freedom . 
  / s if people are bothered with how other people dress they should probably get their priorities right or learn to mind their own business . 
  this is infuriating and disgusting on so many fucking levels . 
  i will assume socialworkers will remove the children from their parents at once since they have obviously and seriously neglected in protecting/caring of their child while they investigate each case to attempt to find the perpetrator and circumstances that lead to this . 
  they should have the capability by law to do this . 
  since parents by swedish law have no right to their children but their children have a right to their parents as long as it is deemed beneficial to the child 's development . 
  and since it 's fairly obvious that a child that get mutilated while under the care of it 's parents should not be with those parents while the state investigate if it 's possible the parents either did it , allowed it to happen or when found out it had happened did nothing . 
  so remove them at once from the parents and fucking investigate each case . 
  if the parents are found to not have neglected their duties or not to be at fault . 
  return the child to their care . 
  if they are at fault remove them and place them in a safe environment . 
  for what its worth , df has said they want nothing to do with front national whom they view as racists and extremists . 
  they will most likely try to make a eu group with ukip . 
  we have it in sweden . 
  it 's called `` halv \u00e5tta hos mig '', 
   negotiations are always give and take , no they are not . 
  they are when you have leverage , if you have no leverage there is very little room to negotiate over . 
  and swiss has extremly little leverage compared to the european union . 
   no side would voluntarily sign an agreement that would be beneficiary for only one side . 
  which is why the treaty swiss signed was beneficial for both parties . 
  eu gets access to the swiss market and swiss gets access to the eu market . 
  which is alot more beneficial for swiss than the eu considering that swiss is only a minor trade partner amongst others whilst eu is a large tradepartner for swiss amongst others . 
  the current treaty gives swiss access to 28 markets ( combinded into 1 gigantic market ) whilst giving the eu access to 1 . 
  what should swiss do if the eu decline all the swiss renegotiation offers ? 
  should swiss go back and accept the old treaty or should it exclude itself from the eu treaties completly ? 
  which will most likely make it very hard for swiss companies to compete against similair companies within the eu . 
  also , you still have n't answered what kind of leverage the swiss has that will make them able to renegoiate the deal with the eu . 
  there is a clause in the freedom of movement treaty ( the one we signed with the eu ) , which explicitly allows for renegociations . 
  yeah here is the kicker though . 
  what leverage does swiss have to make them able to renegotiate the treaty in their favor ? 
  renegotiation does not equal that eu must accept any deal the swiss offers , they can just decline it . 
  the eu represents 28 nations which gives them way more leverage than the swiss when it comes to negotiation . 
  it is more damaging for the swiss not to accept a deal offered by the eu than it is for eu to decline a deal offered by the swiss . 
  the point of the eu is that when it enters negoiating the starting scale is tilted to their favour . 
  atleast its not a violent despot with nukes . 
  so atleast we got that going for us . 
  so my point is valid !, 
  they do need a bigger boat !, 
  i personally had my hopes for the swiss . 
  they could really use a navy to show of their wealth . 
  just put them in a pond or something . 
  i am also a federalist and main reason i am pro federation of eu is so it can properly be reformed . 
  no i 'm not judging anyone , except the guy i replied to and called wanker . 
  him i 'm juding as a wanker . 
  people are individuals and should be judged as indivuals after their own character and actions . 
  just like you should be judged for your own character and actions and not after some other morons character or actions . 
  to put it in simple terms ; if 90 % of people from manchester happened to be utter fucking cunts the 10 % who are not utter fucking cunts dont deserve to be judge as being utter fucking cunts but after their own character . 
  it is by far to early to raise awareness in an attempt to advoate against something you have no possible way of knowing what it is . 
  doing so only makes one look a fool . 
  lo and behold - then the mep can reject the deal by voting against it . 
  you really do have absolutley no idea what you are talking about do you ? 
  ttip for the eu wont exist until the day that the eu parliament votes on it and that will happen after 1 year of the final treaty being available to the public for scrutiny . 
  if the majority of the mep are in favour of it it will be ratified . 
  if the majority of the mep are against it , it will be discarded . 
  and still just about a 1/12 of the refugees germany took in during the first few years post ww2 . 
  to be fair though that was the left party . 
  ofcourse he is going to hyperbole against a rightwing liberal leaning goverment . 
  why do you have to be poor to be a refugee ? 
  wealthy people bulletproof ? 
  and a cellphones are by far not a luxurious commodity . 
  most people all over the damn globe can afford one today either brand new or used . 
  fsa was a collective of various groups , some joined over with isis and some remained true to the fsa and still to this day continue to fight against both assad and isis . 
  simplified the syrian civil war is a `` 4 faction '' war . 
  assad , fsa , isis and peshmerga, 
  pretty sure they are doing it to force a political discussion regarding the dublin treaty and how it needs to be replaced with a system where all countries share the responsibility and not just the southern countries like spain , italy , malta and greece . 
  what hungary and austria has gone through the last week has more or less been what greece has been struggling with for the past year . 
  wild guess is that this is exactly the point germany want to make . 
  the dublin treaty is broken and needs to be canned and replaced with a functional eu federal system . 
  previously only greece , italy , malta and spain has taken the majority of refugees/migrants arriving within the eu and been forced to deal with it through the dublin treaty . 
  allowing the rest of europe to ignore the problem . 
  germany declaring that any syrian refugees that reaches german soil will be permitted to stay and seek asylum gives greece every reason to start channeling people out of their country towards germany . 
  thus giving all other countries in the path more or less a perfect storm in experience of what they are demanding that greece should deal with on weekly basis by insisting that the dublin treaty should still be enforced . 
  i thought things was going so well for him and putin . 
  take note ; im not talking about their voters , im talking about the politicians that they attract/have , a fairly important distinction . 
  hardcore conservative ; richard jomshof , mattias hedarv karlsson ( one of them will most likely succeed jimmie \u00c5kesson when/if steps down and keep driving sd to be more of a conservative party rather than nationalist ) christian fundamentalist ; julia kronlid , ( same person who argued against evolution cuz she wasnt there ) margareta larsson ( also jimmie \u00c5kessons mother-in-law ) nationalist ; bj\u00f6rn s\u00f6der ( who seems to be getting pushed out from the top ) kent ekeroth ( who seriously must have a shitload of dirt on partymembers considering he has n't been kicked out even though going full retard more than once ) neo-fascists ; mikael jansson ( previous partyleader , considered more aligned with the traditionalist = sd pre jimmie \u00c5kesson ) , david l\u00e5ng ( also part of the traditionalist ) jimmie \u00c5kesson is basicly the glue binding together the whole mess . 
  eh , no they wouldnt .
