  they would still be far right since they are more or less a mix of neo-facists , hardcore conservatives , christian fundamentalist and nationalist . 
  serious question , what happend to the leaders of ddr after the wall fell ? 
  i 've never heard anything if they faced any consequences . 
  but surely some of them must have been brought to justice considering that ddr actively fucking tortured and killed their own people ? 
  here is food for thought ; how about only accepting people who have legitimate reason . 
  regardless of skin color , ethnicity or religious creed . 
  got ta suck to be a secular muslim born anywhere in the middleeast and still be thrown in with fundamentalist . 
  people are individuals and should be judged as individuals . 
  i like to personally believe leif gw persson own theory ( a very prominent swedish criminology professor more or less top of his field in sweden , also known for his extreme professionalism regarding his work ) which is ; that it was a professional assassination for political reason by a small group of swedish conspirators who could access information regarding palmes security detail . 
  since he dont believe it is a coincidence that the assassination took place on a day where palme had specificly requested to have no security for the evening . 
  he also believes that the conspirators were convinced that palme was either a communist or a spy for the soviets and that they consider what they did a national service . 
  not to mention that norway has a $ 857.1 billion oil fund and only a population of 5 millions . 
  pretty sure they 'll manage . 
  they are . 
  but since the suspects also trafficked people who ended up drowning due to the hazardous conditions of the ships they used they are also held accountable for those peoples death . 
  whoever came up with the concept of `` trigger warnings '' needs to grow the fuck up and start behaving like an adult . 
  if they dont feel they can deliver what they promise to their voters they should resign and call for new elections . ', 
  but its a bit to late for that now ... 
  holding a referendum with 7 days notice is to put it mildly bullshit . 
  i believe it is impossible for the majority of the public to make an informed decision on the matter . 
  there will be no proper debates or discussions about the pros and cons of voting yes or no so i suspect most people will vote uninformed of the consequences of their decision . 
  in comparison the scottish referendum about staying in the union or not had years of discussions and debates prior to the actual referendum and even in that referendum there were vital questions that remained unanswered . 
  that said i would most likely vote yes or not vote at all . 
  mainly cause i would have far more information about what exactly a yes vote would mean for greece . 
  and i 'd much rather vote for a known shitty situation than an unknown shitty situation . 
  i also suspect that if the yes vote wins tsipras will dissolve the current goverment and call for new elections rather than having syriaza implementing policies they have vocally said to be against . 
  that goes against what they campaigned and got elected for ( which kinda makes sense but is also insanely irresponsible at the same time ) . 
  i think the whole `` we will have a referendum about it '' is just so the current greek goverment will be able to say `` we didnt choose this , the greek people did '' and thus escape any and all responsibility from whatever decision is made and whatever the consequences are . 
  [ oh j\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4 ] ( https://youtu.be/jedbgzaj91u?t=24 ), 
  currently no income , living entirely on my savings with my girlfriend . 
  rent : 200 $ food : 100 $ funsies : 100 $, 
  tacos or k\u00f6ttbullar or maybe some fl\u00e4skfile ( tenderloin ? ), 
  i find it hard to believe in a god since in most cases a persons belief is entirely based upon their parents beliefs or their geographical location . 
  it 's a biproduct of their environment and/or culture that you are raised in and not a result of some sort of personal religious fervor or true belief in god but more guided by indoctrination and tradition taught from a young age . 
  why should i believe in a christian god ? 
  my ancestors believed in odin , thor and valhalla before they became christians . 
  rome was dominated by worshippers of mars , jupiter , venus , ceres before they became the center of catholicsm . 
  greece worshipped zeus and poseidon before orthodox christianity . 
  egypt worshipped ra and anubis long before they became muslims . 
  the list goes on and on and on . 
  and if all those followers of these more or less extinct religions worshipped false gods and not the one `` true god '' it means that all those people wasted alot of time for nothing and i 'd rather not waste my time . 
  thus i abhor the idea of organised religions proclaiming their belief to be the true will of `` god '' and i choose to not worship anything . 
  i believe strongly that religious beliefs and spirituality should be something you , as an individual , not as a collectivegroup or culture comes to terms with and when you do you keep it to yourself . 
  and when i die that will be the end of it . 
  you just posted a link of a nobody singing a song about murdering swedish women . 
  where is the drama ? 
  21 % of hungarian university students needs to go back and study history . 
  they could probably start with hungarian history starting around 1945 to lets say 1990 . 
  bloody morons . 
  in sweden they did it 25 years ago . 
  funny thing this how doomsayers keep on chanting the same message . 
  this is what you get when you have a justice minister without an appropiate education or knowledge for his position . 
  he was also quick to backpeddle when he got called out on his retarded statement . 
  our previous justice minister beatrice ask was equally retarded and lacking in appropiate competence and education for the position . 
  she suggested that people who are suspected of soliciting prostitutes for sex should be sent a violet envelope from the police with the accusations so that they could be `` outed '' as sex buyers to their neighbours , relatives and postal workers ... cause surely that is how the justice system works !, 
  and the kicker is that our current justice minister believed she did an excellent job and that he intended to follow her footsteps ... 
  it 's not like the minister of justice is in charge of anything remotely important so better off just placing a partyloyal tool on that position !, 
  so he is longing back to soviet oppression ? 
  it is mindblowing that a person who lived through soviet occupation and a totalitarian oppressive state is so clueless . 
  this guy just keeps going more and more full retard . 
  epp should kick them out . 
  nowhere in your qouted text does it give the goverment the right to refuse extradition under any circumstances . 
  furthermore , please do tell me when exactly the us has requested to have him extradited from sweden and what extradition request the swedish goverment is to deny ? 
  cause as it stands no such request exists . 
  the reason the goverment can not intervene is not because of what wikileaks have done to the us but what assange is being investigated for in sweden . 
  he is accused of raping two women , which is a domestic case handled by the swedish courts . 
  in english from google translate ** no authority , not even the riksdag , may determine how a court shall adjudicate a particular case or how a court in other respects shall apply a rule of law in a particular case . 
  ** no other authority can not decide how judgmental tasks will be distributed between individual judges . 
  which is why it would be illegal for them to intervene in a domestic case . 
  now , if he was to end up in trial and found guilty or not guilty ( which would be the most likely outcome ) and the us would send an extradition request to have him extradited the goverment/court can review the grounds of the request and then either deny him ( which again , would be the most likely scenario since the us treatment of chelsea manning would have been considered torture/inhumane in sweden or just point to the fact that he might risk execution ) or they can approve it . 
  which would cause a shitstorm and most likely make the current minority goverment in sweden to collapse since it consists of socialdemocrats and greens passively supported by the left party . 
  and neither the greens nor the left party would tolerate it . 
  not to mention that the uk also would have to approve it . 
  the police have no jurisdiction to do that . 
  no court in sweden has the jurisdiction to do that . 
  no mps nor goverment are allowed to intervene in a criminal investigation . 
  doing so would be considered `` ministerystyre '' and is deemed illegal by the swedish constitution . 
  and any politician or goverment who deems themself above the constitution can go fuck themself into either jail or unemployment . 
  so how about ; no . 
  [ eu would most likely use article 7 from the lissbon treaty . 
  which hungary has signed and approved . 
  ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-1-common-provisions/7-article-7.html ) which would also be the first time ever that article 7 is used and it is pretty much the diplomatic/political version of a nuclear weapon . 
  the tl ; dr version is more or less that hungary would get stripped of voting rights and influence within the eu and effectively end up isolated in a freezer and would remain in said freezer until they backtrack on policies and decisions that made them end up there . 
  what could possibly go wrong !, 
  they are danish though so u have to give them a little slack . 
  i downvoted you cause i dont consider any of your replies to contribute to the discussion of the subject . 
  you do realise that the polish state represents the polish people right ? 
  as is standard in democracies . 
  maybe i used the term welfare loosely . 
  and i differentiate between immigrant and refugee . 
  a person fleeing persecution , war and famine would be considered a refuge whilst a person who moves from one nation to another for a job opportunity , love or whatnot would be considered an immigrant . 
  a refugee seeking refuge in another nation , lets say poland will be housed , fed and clothed by the polish state . 
  if said person was able to get a job in lets say germany and provide for himself it would be rather ludicrous to not allow him to do so . 
  under the premise of what op described . 
  same here . 
   i personally believe that eu should redistribute the refugees to all the countries based on gdp and population . 
  resettlement should be offered only to a fraction people . 
  maybe there should be resettlement options that is limited to one country - ie . 
  you can stay , work , live normal life , but only in poland , you can not move to germany/scandinavia/uk . 
  at least for few first years .
