  i think this would be the best system with the exception that if a person gets a job in another member nation and can support himself he should absolutely be allowed to relocate to that nation . 
  would be rather absurd to force someone to live on welfare if said person has the possiblity to provide for himself . 
  the dublin system is insanely ineffective and puts an unfair burden on spain , italy , malta and greece . 
  norway . 
  cuz fjords and oil . 
  a bit more trivia ; birger eriksen the commander of the fort did n't know if the ships were german or allied that had entered the fjord . 
  but he knew that the norwegian goverment , incase of war would align with the allies and not the axis powers . 
  so not knowing whom he was firing on he gave the order uttering ; `` either i will be decorated , or i will be court-martialed . 
  fire ! '', 
  swedish neo nazis were pretty split when it came to concluding which side was controlled by evil jewish sionists and i believe their first conclusion was that it was russia so a few of their members went down to fight for ukraine but that they later on flipped opinion and now consider ukraine to be the evil sionists . 
  swedish is considered the main language , thus all information must be available in swedish . 
  but we also have 5 official minority languages since these minorities have been part of sweden for more than a few centuries ; finish , me\u00e4nkieli ( tornedalfinska , a localized language of northern sweden ) , s\u00e1me-giella ( sami , a localized language of northern sweden ) , jiddisch and romani chib . 
  so if you speak any of these languages and want officiell goverment , state , county etc. 
  information in them they must provide you with it . 
  the proposal from the chamber of commerce is to give english the same treatment as our minority languages . 
  my money is that he has fallen suddenly ill and is recoupering from the illness in a secret location . 
  and since sickness/illness in authoritarian states is perceived as weakness they are trying to keep a tight lid on it . 
   here was also time for someone to use an oxygen mask , meaning the missile theory is brought into doubt . 
  i do n't think you understand how anti air missiles work . 
  anyone got a list of what countries are opposing the roaming charges ? 
  what political party ? 
  what pm etc. ? 
  i would very much like to know who to complain to . 
  edit : mailed one of my countries mep that appears to be abit techsavvy and is a member of alde asking him . 
  will update if i get a reply from him . 
  [ i like this one ] ( http://imgur.com/p9cwhiz ) the ww2 accident , munchen accident , ut\u00f6ya accident and brussels accident . 
  she is the gift that just keeps giving . 
  same thing here . 
  no , i think the main reason has more to do that turkey as a state is a pretty different country today compared to the early 2000 when it was in serious eu talks that ultimately fell through and turkey decided to go another path . 
  and that they are a border country to the active civil war in syria and parts of iraq . 
  pretty sure that is the main reasons . 
  listening to the guardian eu debate i got the impression that neither labour , liberals , tories nor ukip ( shocker ! ), 
  was in favor of turkey joining the eu . 
  yes . 
  if they want to have visa free travel for its citizens and other nice eu things that they seek . 
  that is what they have to do , amongst many other things . 
  if they dont want it they dont have to do anything . 
  you mean that all the other countries who have spent time and money to reach eu standards have not gained anything from it ? 
  just compare any nation from the former soviet block who quickly began adapting to join the eu and later also successfully joined to those that did n't . 
  each and everyone of them are in a better place than moldova , ukraine and belarus . 
  must be a total coincidence !, 
  edit ; you could also compare the situation between former yugoslavian countries that have sucessfully joined the eu and those that have not . 
   the agreement did not last for long and never came into effect , as the swedish defeat in the battles of warka and prostki as well as a popular uprising in both poland and lithuania put an end both to swedish power and the influence of the radziwi\u0142\u0142s . 
  not our fault you fought back . 
  [ estonia clearly wants in on some of that tom of finland . 
  ] ( http://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/31640683/tfstamp3_34581.0_cinema_1200.0.jpg ), 
  yeah this is pretty much the point i want to make . 
  that even if they dont end up succesfully joining the eu . 
  a stronger democracy in turkey is a win win for both turkey and the eu . 
  turkey wants visa free travel with the eu for its citizens , amongst many other eu things . 
  they are the ones who seek to have it which means they are the ones who will have to adapt and reform in order to meet the eu requirements , just like those before them . 
  poland went through the same hoops before they successfully joined the eu . 
  bosnia earlier this very year formally applied for membership to join the eu and is currently as far as i 've understood being `` audited '' by the eu who are looking if they have reached the requirements necessary to apply for membership and begin the last stages of the process of joining the eu . 
  but regardless if turkey is succesful ( which as i mentioned before is currently highly unlikely ) or not . 
  turkey would still end up woven closer to the eu which would mean a stronger democracy in turkey and better economy and opportunities for its citizens . 
  this really can not come as a surprise to anyone . 
  i ca n't believe all the paniced people who seem to assume that turkey will join the eu any time soon or even at all . 
  in short ; ** should the eu work for getting turkey into the eu ? 
  ** yes . 
  ** are turkey close to reaching the requirement to join ? 
  ** then why should the eu work towards having turkey achieve the requirements to join the eu ? 
  ** because a less corrupt , less totalitarian and more democratic turkey equals a more reliable trading partner , political partner , military partner and is something most nations ( and eu ) want along their border regions . 
  a totalitarian despot will act alot more irrational ( just look at putin who opted to flush the russian economy down the drain for a retarded war against ukraine ) than any democractic elected person would since he will have to answer to the people and be held responsible while a despot will be nothing more than a brutish thug who dont have to answer to his people nor held responsible . 
  and even if turkey reaches the requirement to join as it stand today ( if i recall correctly ) the following nations will block their attempt join the eu ; france , uk , hungary and cyprus . 
  cyprus being by far the most adamant to veto it due to the ongoing south/north cyprus dispute , which would most likely have to be resolved before they 'd allow turkey in . 
  i would even wager that ukraine would be a more likely candidate to join the eu before turkey and they are ( more or less ) at war against russia !, 
   has there ever been a war between any entities when this did not happen ? 
  [ this is probably the closest thing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-zanzibar_war ), 
  we get oil & fjords . 
  you get 7/11 employees and partysvensker . 
  sounds like a win win . 
  for oil & fjords !, 
  happy ? 
  you would have to be pretty mental to believe that turkey could join the eu and it would also not be in sultan erdogans intrest since he would have to surrender alot of power to join the eu . 
  which he for obvious reasons wont do . 
   there are less politically loaded countries , preferably those the eu has no embargos with , no political crisis with , and nato no renewed cold war with . 
  anything less is implicit complicity . 
  yeah but they would most likely also demand them to repay the loan . 
  i doubt putin and kremlin cares if they pay it back or not so long as they jump when they ask them to jump . 
  you would have to be fairly thickheaded if you think for a second that this is just a russian bank doing a business transaction . 
  edit ; and the whole narrative `` oh no we were forced cuz no french bank wants to loan us money due to goverment pressure '' is fucking retarded . 
  banks are all for the profits . 
  they have no moral obligation what so ever , just ask hsbc . 
  but what they do care greatly about is not loaning large sums of money to people who they deem not capable of repaying the loan . 
  which is the most logical reason why no french bank ( nor other european bank ) wanted to loan them the money . 
  so instead they went to the kremlin and asked for a little handout . 
  [ for those curious . 
  hungary is ranked 65 . 
  well you know , you dont want to eat meat that has been cursed by a witch or wizard now do you ? 
  [ words to live by ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5otla5157c ), 
  that is not how you calculate the probability of x happening to you vs y. 
   the fourth phase between 2010 and 2013 , hussein writes that al-qaida will aim to bring about the collapse of the hated arabic governments . 
  yeah , this part is not even remotely accurate to reality . 
  al qaida had close to 0 influence in the topple of dictators during the arab spring and was caught as unprepared of it as the dictators that got toppled was . 
  they also had a serious identiy crisis/pr problem with that the revolutions by each countries population achieved more change and carried more impact in the arabworld then what al qaida has done in their decades of operations . 
  the only place they have had a `` serious '' influence would be the syrian civilwar and iraq region ( which is a logical consequence since they had a built up organisation from the chaos of the iraqi war ) . 
  until isis usurped that position and more or less absorbed pretty much all their influence in the syria/iraq region put al qaida in the backseat making them dickhead # 2 . 
  this also makes all the other predictions fall flat on their face . 
  since `` islamic state '' is more or less the goal of any violent jihadi islamistic movement , kinda of like a generic buzzword in their ideology rather than suppose to reference isis .
