lots of stuff has been taken from french . 
  idk about the uk but i know in the us it 's common to use sayings such as creme de la creme , c'est la vie , oh la la ( although this one is used wrongly ) , deja vu , a la carte , a la mode , au contraire , au naturel , bon voyage , etc. 
  we do the same thing by taking english terms and using them in french . 
  it 's kind of interesting which ones are taken though !, 
  marseilles is a nice city , but it 's usually considered not the friendliest of places by the french , or people who visit it in general . 
  try nice for the same `` meditterrean '' feel of the city , without the occasional problems of the locals . 
  otherwise , in france , i 'd recommend avignon , lyon or strasbourg , but they 're a very different type of town . 
  some people know here in the us too , partly because her dance was used in wow : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clknuhdmfvq&amp;feature=kp, 
  out of curiosity , for later european votes , am i allowed to vote if i am a european citizen but living in the us ? 
  sorry if it 's off topic , i was just reading the `` put more pirates in eu '' thing, 
   there is absolutely no practical reason for french to be an official language of the contest while german , russian and spanish are not . 
  i thought it was because it came from a swiss guy who spoke french . 
  maybe i 'm wrong though , idk . 
  it 's dumb to have french as the second language if it is n't the most spoken though , i agree . 
  but i 'm guessing attempting to change it wo n't be received well by the french public so they just stick with it . 
  totally agree . 
  having a common language that everyone can understand on top of everyone 's national language just makes things incredibly easier . 
  i got uk !, 
  guess we 're closer in opinions than we thought !, 
  fuck man , that 's not true . 
  bulgaria 's got a beautiful architecture and great hard-working people . 
  you 've got delicious food and incredible views . 
  yeah , so you used to be strong before . 
  so what ? 
  does that make you irrevelant ? 
  does that mean only western europe is revelant now ? 
  europe is a union , and some place might be poorer than others but it 's a union . 
  look at latvia , they doubled their gdp partly thanks to euro funding . 
  estonia 's in a similar position . 
  bulgaria might not be in the best position as of yet but it can be with just a little push . 
  it was n't not part of the uk , it was part of the commonwealth . 
  also , let 's just say he was n't met with an overall agreeing opinion back in france . 
  could you imagine if it was like that everywhere ? 
  i 'd be ashamed of your school program if it was . 
  it 's a cliche that americans are bad at geography , but there 's a reason a lot of the top school are over there . 
  i 'm taking the dumber examples i 've experienced , but ( hopefully ) it 's not the majority . 
  and i mean , people in my class in france could n't put new york on a map , so it goes both ways . 
  you 're right , it is different . 
  i was trying to put it in perspective for someone who 's ( i assume ) mostly lived in the us . 
  but you seem to know more about it than that , so i apologize . 
  as for your question , i do n't really know , exept that it 's a common thing to do . 
  well what i remember from it is that it was a lot more vague and focused on the us . 
  when we studied the enlightenment , we instead learned of the second awakening in the us . 
  when we studied the renaissance , we studied how it affected the colonies . 
  for the french revolution : `` well , they were inspired by the us '' a lot of it was `` well , stuff happened in europe , so here 's how the us reacted to it . '', 
  the middle ages were better as the us was n't really there but even then , some kids in my high school class had n't ever heard of the holy roman empire or the war of the roses and the like . 
  ahahaha , i 'll be sure to tell her that !, 
  yes i found that too . 
  luckily for me france is considered a very touristic area so they know where it is , but i often get things like `` i thought belgium was in france '' and `` i can only place france and the uk on a european map , haha '' although i can understand why they would n't necessarily be interested in a continent so far to them . 
  plus their history is essentially `` us history '' as in they learn old civilizations ( egypt , romans , etc ) kind of rush over europe until they get to the colonial period then just focus on the americas the rest of the years . 
  it 's essentially become , in a way , the `` mexican immigrants '' equivalent , at least that 's how it seems to be seen in france . 
  i talked to a bulgarian friend and she seemed adamant to make sure i knew gypsies were romanian , not bulgarian ( some people do n't really make the difference , and saying someone is from eastern europe is sometimes used pejoratively ), 
  awww yeah , english breakfast is the best, 
  one thing to note is that since belgium 's laws on abortion allows getting an abortion later in the pregnancy than france does , some go there to get an abortion . 
  that might fuss up the numbers a bit for belgium . 
  oh no , i genuinely like it !, 
  fish and chips from the uk !, 
  if he does nothing to change his popularity , yes , his chances are slim . 
  the overall opinion on his policies are n't too positive and some think what changes he 's currently brought are too unsuccessful to be of any importance . 
  and as / u/houad stated , he often goes back on any chances of reforms . 
  really ? 
  that 's wonderful news . 
  i was under the impression graduating from an american school system was n't really a thing eu universities liked . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  would you mind explaining the process for switching to euro then , and its consequences ? 
  i 'm absolutely clueless when it comes to anything like this . 
  why is it that the us calls it `` semesters '' despite having less than 6 months ? 
  starts in late august , finishes in late december , starts in early january , finishes in may . 
  seems weird to have `` semesters '' for ~ 5 months . . 
   finally , ideological debates on gay marriage and immigration are continuing to increase the tensions between french people , which in the end favours the fn . 
  what is the situation on gay marriage / immigration there ? 
  i will ask her and keep you updated . 
  holy shit , that 's terrible . 
  i have a german student in my us history class ( i live in the us ) and i always feel really bad whenever a student compares something to hitler , because i can see she always feels ashamed of it , as if she were partly responsible for it . 
  it 's like nazi germany is their definition of evil and they forget everything that led to it . 
   in paris , they are very creative at parking . 
  so true . 
  take the metro !, 
  see , when my mom lived in london , she told me lots of people were `` racist '' towards her and immediately had prejudgments on her just because she was french . 
  mind you , she was about 8-10 and that was school children ( so it was a lot of `` ewww !, 
  she has french germs ! '', 
  type stuff , and `` haha french surrenderer '' ) . 
  but nowadays i 'm still curious if the french are still the butt of your everyday joke , or if you do n't think about it much . 
  because where i lived in france we did n't really give a crap about old rivalries nor was it common to make fun of an english person . 
  there 's still the slight patriotic feeling of being french , but not the `` let 's mention crappy jokes about the english '' mindset . 
  we made fun of the belgians a lot more , but in a somewhat friendly way . 
  we do n't hate the english , we just do n't want to admit it . 
  we 'll make fun of you if you come to our country , but secretly love our trips to england in the eurostar . 
  also a lot of us want to move to the uk . 
  ( i 'm gon na type in english because my spelling is n't the best in french ) if you wait for special occasions , ie this coming christmas or free 's birthday , they do special prices that are even cheaper . 
  my sister payed 3 euros a month for unlimited everything on her phone with free . 
  it 's really amazing they manage to get prices so low . 
  i have no choice anyways , the only option was comcast : l, 
  no choice , parents ' job makes us move a lot . 
  back in france , with free speed : 1 gbps ( 1000 mbps ) cost : 38 euros per month ping : 8 ms also had phone + tv included . 
  now in the us , with comcast 25 mbps for ( i think ) 80 dollars a month . 
  yes , although both the an and on sound are actually a bit difficult to explain with english sounds . 
  now that i think about it , the th\u00e9 '' sound is also a bit different . 
  the best way would just be to hear it : https://translate.google.com/#en/fr/pantheon, 
  nah , that completely makes sense .
