  and if that all goes through in time to replace the harpoons than great . 
  but for now these are only the beginning of talks . 
  talk to me about this again in 2017 and we 'll see if it actually pans out . 
  for now , the point still stands . 
  i feel the old saying of `` an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure '' is relevant . 
  very often waiting to procure military equipment until you need it can be far more costly than acquiring equipment ahead of time . 
  for example ( and excuse me for invoking godwin 's law by proxy but this example is somewhat relevant ) , during wwii , many british capital ships were inter-war or wwi holdovers in desperate need of refit or replacement . 
  in fact , much of the capital fleet were using the same bl 15 '' mk i rifles that they used at jutland . 
  nevertheless , the refitting procedure proceeded slowly because a ) it was an expensive process , and b ) there was n't a war on , so no pressing need for refits , right ? 
  well war came knocking anyway . 
  ships either went into battle without refit , or had the cost of their refits skyrocket . 
  replacement costs skyrocketed as well , which led to the lion-class of vessels being canceled completely except for hms vanguard , and due to costs and delays vanguard was not completed until 1946 , and at a standard below what was satisfactory for the time , being both slower than 30 knots and using those same bl 15 '' mk 1 mounts rather than the much more modern and powerful 16 '' guns she was supposed to have . 
  and it 's not like the missiles are the only gap in the royal navy 's capability . 
  there 's the lack of a proper aircraft carrier of any sort , the lack of ability to fly conventional carrier aircraft off the decks of the carriers that are currently being worked on because a catobar system was deemed too costly , a lack of aircraft at all since the fleet air arm sold their harrier jets to the marines in anticipation of f-35s to replace them , the type-45 ddgs apparently having engine troubles in warm waters ... yeah there are some issues . 
  regardless of how necessary you think the military is , the royal navy is critically underfunded and that needs to be fixed . 
  also , the comparisons to russia 's military budget does n't really work since it ignores the key points that a ) russia does n't pay their soldiers a good wage and provides no care or benefits of any sort for veterans while most western military forces do , b ) russian military equipment is dirt cheap , and c ) russia * also * has major issues with its navy , so saying `` but russia spends less on its navy than we do and they 're fine '' is n't even an excuse . 
  right , because britain is totally spending a sufficient amount of money on its armed forces and [ is n't having any major issues due to lack of funding at all ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/15/royal-navy-to-lose-anti-ship-missiles-and-be-left-only-with-guns/amp/ ) . 
  they can at least afford missiles , which is all they need to prevent a british counterattack . 
  without harpoons , britain 's warships have a maximum engagement range on around 17 miles . 
  any missile system that can beat that can repel the royal navy for the next decade . 
  your navy literally ca n't afford to buy missiles for the next decade . 
  forget russia , at this rate argentina is going to win the next falklands war . 
   it 's just so she can say she tried before pushing for a second referendum , making it westminster 's fault for forcing her into it . 
  that 's a power play . 
  but i get your point . 
  2nd amendment boys wooooo !, 
  free .50 cals for erryone !, 
  would like to see the british government spend more on its own armed forces but w/e . 
  well now we get to see if the scottish propose something sensible and help forward a united front that would likely result in the best possible deal for everyone involved ... or if sturgeon makes a stupid power play that leaves everyone far worse off than they otherwise would be . 
   we kinda got dragged into this by the rest of the uk . 
  that 's kind of how democracy works mate . 
  sure if you do n't like it you can always leave , but there 's a certain country that came into existence in 1861 and ceased to exist in 1865 that can tell you exactly why that 's a bad idea . 
  the difference of course being that your average briton at least acknowledges it happened whereas your average japanese man thinks nanking is western propaganda . 
   `` i want britain to be britian again , but we cant because of the foreigners '' that , at least , is true . 
  if you took the people who want britain to be part of a federal eu rather than an independent state , the vast majority of foreign immigrants would be part of that group . 
  maybe if the drink is cheap german swill and the gambling is at penny slots . 
  the reason they spend those 5 days drinking and gambling is because that extra money is n't enough to improve their day-to-day lives throughout the month , beyond now being able to afford slightly more expensive tv suppers . 
  but if they gamble at the penny slots , then maybe , just * maybe * , they might make enough to actually make a difference . 
  the left likes to tout the eu almost as the savior of a lower class that 's been largely abandoned by their government , but in reality the eu 's `` generosity '' , is kind of like a wealthy bankman giving a dollar to a homeless man . 
  fair enough . 
  the uk has a major issue with not having a high enough college-educated native population to satisfy demand for high-end jobs , so any move that could potentially lead to an increase in that number will be very beneficial for them going forward . 
  if you do n't trust the us , the pacific ocean is no longer a viable place to test your nukes . 
  it 's much harder to operate in any form of operational security in enemy territory . 
  i said europe , not the pacific ocean, 
  you 're missing the point - that the npt happened at all is an absolute miracle , and a great boon to international diplomacy . 
  it 's been something the world can look back on and say `` hey , things are getting worse and worse , but at least we 're not constantly on the verge of nuclear war '' . 
  for the eu , one of the most developed blocs in the world , to reject that and begin developing and stockpiling new nuclear weapons , would absolutely shatter that . 
  we are right back to square one which is 11th hour nuclear brinksmanship . 
  violating the npt would be the * least * responsible thing the eu could do . 
  more like we figured out how to open the dev console and keep giving ourselves more gold , wood , and stone . 
  so the major issue i 'm seeing with this ( besides the diplomatic shit-storm that would make trump and brexit seem as minor as a diplomat accidentally spilling a glass of water on another dignitary at a party ) is that assuming europe were to decide to get more nukes ... aight look . 
  when it comes to nuclear weapon design , you ca n't just draw up plans and say `` this should work '' and then start the manufacturing process , testing is a * very * important part of design and development of warheads and delivery vehicles . 
  and that was n't an issue when european powers were close to the us after wwii and could go and say `` hey we want to test this new bomb , can you give us the range keys ? '', 
  and the us would go `` yea sure here ya go why do n't you stop at vegas while you 're out in the desert , place is nice this time of year . 
  '' , but it 's an entirely different situation today when the uk is really the only european power that enjoys such close ties to the us . 
  and that 's a problem , because europe does n't really have anywhere that 's good for testing nukes . 
  the us has the mojave desert , and russia has several thousand miles of land that 's probably only inhabited by failed attempts at a secret project to clone stalin , but europe does n't really have the same kind of large , isolated wastelands to test nukes on , and greenland is much too far away from the continent for it to be viable . 
  at the point at which the eu decides to begin building a truly effective nuclear stockpile , the world is fucked anyway because the only situation in which that would be remotely necessary is the kind of situation where the us , china , and russia would closer to nuclear war than even during cuba . 
  there 's also the angle that the eu deciding a stockpile of nuclear weapons is necessary could very well only serve to make things worse . 
  the non-proliferation treaty is already a tenuous enough peace as it is . 
  now , when you have the us getting tough on china , china getting tough on asia , russia getting tough on whoever it can , and britain now seeing europe with more and more hostility , the eu announcing it is going to willingly break the npt would spark a nuclear arms race like no other . 
  because if the eu decides to build up nukes , its a sign that it no longer aligns itself with nato . 
  and if the eu does n't align itself with nato , that means you are no longer friends with us and no longer trust us . 
  and if you do n't trust us , that by proxy means you do n't trust britain , who already does n't trust you , so both us and the brits need to build up new stockpiles and new strategic assets to counter the loss of european territory . 
  and if the west starts building up , china and russia will both start building up . 
  and then that snowballs , and soon enough we 're right back at the start of the cold war , where europe is divided and at each others ' throats , senator mccarthy is waving around a list of 256 communist sympathizers in the us senate , and seismologists around the world ca n't tell if their latest data is actual natural seismic activity or some superpower or another testing their new 500 megaton cluster nuke . 
  which actually brings up a completely unrelated point - say the eu * does * decide to get nukes and someone no-one cares . 
  where are you going to test them to make sure they work ? 
  europe does n't exactly have huge barren wastelands like the mojave or chechnya , and greenland is much too far from the european mainland to be at all secure . 
  why the fuck are you posting rommel in a thread about good tank generals ? 
  yeah but they 're * virginal * olives . 
  is that guderian or rommel ? 
   implying that rommel could ever be god of anything besides kissing hitler 's arse, 
  how dare you slander the tank god in such a way . 
  ... did you say you have oil ? 
  while we 're talking about negotiations , / r/murica at this time does not want to get directly involved - however , we are not opposed to providing material support . 
  [ take a look at our inventory ] ( http://pop.h-cdn.co/assets/15/18/980x490/landscape-1430412680-navy-3000.jpg ) , and if you see something ya like , we can talk price . 
  god fuckin damn it / r/europe can you guys not star warring each other for two fuckin seconds . 
  george !, 
  hey [ george ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/aa/61/0a/aa610a0e6f46ee146262c094d388b3bf.jpg ) , get off yer ass and get the [ boeings ] ( http://palmflying.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/boeing-b-17-flying-fortress.jpg ) warmed up !, 
  we 're goin ' back to europe . 
  do n't worry / r/unitedkingdom , your allies are coming . 
  it 's a general theme around the world that the lower taxes are , the less likely they are to be avoided , and when they are out tends to be to a lesser degree . 
  remember , while corporations do like to make as much money as possible , they also like making money at all , which means not getting the pants sued off them by the government . 
  corporations like to do as much as possible above-board . 
  that and the whole `` world war ii '' thing . 
  since when were they ever not ? 
  inequality in and of itself is n't a problem . 
  it 's inequality without proper care for the lower classes that 's a problem . 
  and it 's a miracle they could do even that given how much funding it has . 
  oh absolutely , truth be told he 's probably one of the best men for the job right now . 
  the military loves him , and he 's that rare breed of equal parts intelligent as he as fierce . 
  his mind is on making sure his troops have the ideal conditions to perform as well as they possibly can and he has a distaste for letting politics get in the way of that . 
  as one person said , `` he 's not afraid to look you in the eye an tell you to fuck off if you want him to do something that gets men needlessly killed '' . 
  he 's not bad news , he just does n't share the same ... frendliness with russia that trump does . 
  truth be told , he 's actually very good news and is probably the best appointment trump will make . 
  the six day war was absolutely instigated by the arabs , who were massing for another war . 
  the israelis acted on this intelligence and launched a pre-emptive strike . 
  germany does n't have any nukes and the combined total number of warheads between france and the uk is very easily intercepted , especially by the russians who have a missile defense shield built to handle thousands + decoys . 
  i was gon na come here and say how great it would be to finally put the cold war behind us , but then mattis became secdef .
