  i mean come on , we had a whole period of our history dedicated to how fucking stupid that is . 
   i live in the czech republic , where the gun laws are one of the most lenient on the continent - more lenient than plenty of american jurisdictions , as it happens right , but that 's why i said most , not all , of europe . 
  that said , the czech republic has developed somewhat differently from the rest of europe owing to its own troubled history . 
  the same could be said of the post-soviet and former eastern bloc states as well as scandanavia . 
  this is part of why the uk is n't as close to you all as you think - you are n't even as close to each other as you think and the refusal to acknowledge this is a large part of why the eu does n't sit well with many people and why its implementation has been far less effective than it could be . 
   curiously , you skip the `` hands on the wheel '' part . 
  i presume it 's because you do n't want me killed and than you for it . 
  it 's early and i accidentally managed to skip it . 
  i made another post addressing it . 
  sorry about that . 
   the gop 's resistance to socialised healthcare is not ideological , but pure politics ? 
  then why the grid-locked congress ? 
  they could have easily appropriated the idea and push it through , but they have n't in 8 years . 
  this is where it gets a bit complicated . 
  scratch that , this is where it gets very complicated since partisan politics in the us is still in `` cold war era '' mode to an extent . 
  so here 's how it is : in the 1900s , medicare and medicaid and private insurance all worked really well . 
  then major advances in medicine happened and suddenly shit became expensive . 
  very expensive . 
  private insurance costs went through the roof and became unreliable due to private industry being profit oriented and terminal illnesses being huge liabilities , and medicare and medicaid did n't receive more funding fast enough to keep pace with the rising cost of medicine and healthcare . 
  but , early 2000s was still the boom times , so both parties thought `` easy solution : shove more money into m&m '' . 
  then the economy started to show signs of slowing , and then just before the election , everything crashed and the globe went into recession . 
  and suddenly people just flat could n't afford private insurance anymore . 
  from this , you had something interesting happen - the democrats all realized that as a way to cover people who private insurance could n't reach , and also provide a competitor to the insurance trusts to hopefully drive prices down , a government alternative healthcare system should be put in place , that any american could register for and be a part of . 
  hospitals would also be made more accessible in general as well , sort of like a mixture of the nhs and canada 's system . 
  the republicans split three ways . 
  the smallest group was the reagan holdovers who saw the concept as an encroachment of vile communism upon our precious bodily fluids , and opposed it on an ideological standpoint . 
  the next largest group was the insurance lobby , that was getting paid off by the insurance company to maintain the ( very profitable ) status quo . 
  but the largest group by far was the establishment republicans who simply saw that it was a good idea but wanted that accolade attributed to them and their re-election campaigns rather than their opponents ' . 
  but what tied them all together was that , with the exception of some moderates , all three groups were opposed to the planned implementation for one reason or another , making the republican party completely opposed to it . 
  now here 's why any blame for the us not having socialized healthcare rests squarely with the democrats - the establishment republican plan was to win the 2008 election , steal the democrats ' idea , and profit . 
  they figured that the dems would pass it through regardless of which party was pushing it because they wanted it in the first place and the dems were never as politically minded as the gop with some exceptions ( cough hillary cough ) . 
  they also figured that if they did n't win the election they 'd prevent a supermajority ( a majority of a party in both houses of congress and enough of a majority in the senate to be immune from fillabusters , because to sent a bill to the president you need the approval of both houses of congress - this will come up later ) , meaning they could always stall until 2012 and try again then . 
  except that 's not what happened . 
  in 2008 , the democrats won by a landslide and achieved a supermajority in congress . 
  obama then decided he wanted to be the modern henry clay and refused to pass a final bill until he had something both sides agreed with . 
  which anyone could tell you was * never going to happen * . 
  and in the 2010 midterm elections , which democrats ' have historically poor turnout for , the dems predictably lost their supermajority and any chance of pushing through socialized healthcare , since the republicans were going to stick to their plan and delay as long as they needed to . 
  except then it got worse because at some point enough moderates got sick of everything that a very , very gutted of the socialized healthcare plan ( but a socialized healthcare plan nonetheless ) was passed through after the 2012 elections and was rolled out recently . 
  so what you 're dealing with now on the republican side is first you have to tear down the existing system , which you need a supermajority in congress and a republican in the white house to do . 
  then you have to * put it back up under a different name * , which the dems will oppose for political reasons , as well as potentially a quarter of the gop . 
  tl ; dr congress is gridlocked because most everyone agrees on what 's good for the country but the blue team and the red team are competing to see which ones get credit for doing the good things , and the republicans could n't have pushed the issue through if they wanted to because doing so would require a 2/3 majority at least in both the house and senate to both pass the bill in the first place and then overturn a democratic president 's veto . 
   is the tea party not a substantial part of american political spectrum no , they 're fringe-right and just happened to have gained a lot of speaking volume thanks to modern mass media . 
  also of note : trump 's popularity is not indicative of the tea party 's popularity . 
  while he * was * tea party four years ago , he 's morphed into a completely different beast now that no-one is quite sure what he is but we all know we do n't want him . 
  that includes the tea party by the way . 
   there was no need for socialised healthcare ? 
  then what 's this about medical debt ruining people 's lives i 've been reading on lately ? 
  in the boom times of the late 1900s ? 
  not really . 
  medicine has n't started becoming really exorbitantly expensive until recently , and the drain of low-end blue collar jobs has n't helped any . 
  that medical debt you 've been reading about lately is just that - stuff that 's only started happening as of late . 
   i know what the congress did or did n't do , and how much obstructionism there is against obamacare on the state level that obstructionism was mostly political bluster . 
  similarly to how the uk right now has stated that they oppose the current eu unified defense plans even though they ca n't actually do anything to oppose them under current format , the state governors and legislatures can say how much they oppose obamacare all they want , but it 's interstate commerce and therefore not under the jurisdiction of the states , and the governors ( or most of them at least ) and state governments know that . 
  there 's also the fact that you sign up on a website and individual states blocking certain sites would get real bad real fast and they all know it . 
   the idea that i live in some sort of information vacuum about american politics is laughable . 
  i could n't escape it if i wanted to . 
  you do n't live in a vaccum , but you do live in an echo chamber . 
  for the most part , reddit has a very heavy left slant internationally , and as a result , most sources of information posted to it have at least somewhat of a left slant as well . 
  on the worldnews subreddit for example , i see cnn posted all the time , but rarely do i see the aforementioned new york times , and i 'm willing to bet that 's in part due to the times ' much more center stance compared to cnn . 
   but this is the point . 
  bikes are for kids to have fun on . 
  here , people ride bikes to work . 
  there are bike paths and bike lanes in the cities . 
  there 's public transportation . 
  the normal commute objectively is different . 
  not really , you 've basically just described every major american city except maybe detroit , and that 's only because detroit as it stands ca n't afford the pencils to write the forms to buy new buses . 
  and people ride bikes to school all the time . 
  my high school had a separate mini parking lot filled with bike racks because of how many people biked to school , though admittedly that may have just been my area . 
   inb4 nyc and dc metros are quite fine . 
  one of them is fine and it 's not dc . 
  although the nyc metro is more than just fine , for what it is and the volume it serves the nyc subway is a mechanical and social engineering marvel . 
  and every time i go to another city that view is only further reinforced . 
  i 've yet to see a similarly scaled subway system managed nearly as well as the nyc subways . 
  i 'm not sure why you have that on there at all . 
  dc 's metro system is quite small and even then it manages to be shit . 
  eh , at least it 's not boston . 
  * uuugh * , boston . 
  never going there again if i can help it . 
   is it fine in the us to leave the vehicle when stopped by the police ? 
  is it fine to search the glove compartment for the documents ? 
  i 've been told multiple times never to do that and keep my hands on the wheel at all times . 
  are you sure it 's fine and you 're not just being argumentative ? 
  just realized i managed to miss this . 
  and the answer is ... yes , actually . 
  the vast , vast majority of cops do n't go into a routine traffic stop expecting a confrontation , though depending on the reason for the stop they might be a bit cautious going in . 
  pulling you over for a busted tail light you can be certain is mostly going to be the cop telling you your tail light is out and writing you a ticket , or not if you get a really good cop . 
  pulling you over for speeding on the highway cops will be a * little * cautious going in since you never know if they 're speeding because they have a warrant on them , but once that gets cleared up it 's generally fine . 
  to be completely honest the issue with getting out of the car is more a safety thing than anything else - people in the us have a bad habit of not changing lanes for cops , and of course you ca n't change lanes if its only a 2 lane road . 
  you 're supposed to stay in the car because if an idiot comes by it 's better to have a cop injured and bleeding out from a car strike than a cop * and * a civvie bleeding out from a car strike . 
  but yeah , in general traffic stops are n't the high-tension ultraviolent spectacles that make international headlines all the time . 
  most of the time the cop 's just there to meet his ticket quota and otherwise could n't give a fuck . 
  just do n't do stupid things like going for your glove compartment like you 're at a fucking quick draw competition or sprinting out of your car door if you decide to get out and your traffic stop causes you no more loss than five minutes of your time and a couple hundred bucks for the ticket . 
  also do n't try to get out of tickets . 
  it sounds silly but you have no idea how many people over here think that getting out of tickets is a reasonable thing to attempt and then are surprised when the officer becomes increasingly suspicious of them . 
   sure you do n't mean `` drunk and disorderly '' ? 
  yeah . 
  in the us the charge is termed as public intoxication , but the wording of the law is the same . 
   gun ownership culture in uk is more similar to us than the rest of europe in terms of licensed gun owners ? 
  absolutely . 
  in france and germany there is no concept of `` shooting for fun '' - gun laws are stupidly restrictive and you ca n't own certain types of guns unless you can prove that you hunt , or sport shoot , or what have you .
