  it 's actually a fairly well known issue internationally . 
  and if there is a clear hiring bias that 's also something that needs to be investigated . 
  most countries , including those in the eu , have laws stipulating a bias towards domestic rather than foreign hires if qualified domestic hires are available . 
  hence why this data comes in handy for determining how capable the british workforce actually is at replacing eu workers that will be lost . 
  the intervention would only happen though in cases of things like expired visas or invalid work documents or outright illegal work . 
  above-board companies , in the us at least , are usually very good about ensuring that the documents of legal immigrant workers are always in order . 
  the only way these companies would be discouraged from hiring immigrant workers would be if said labor was not above-board to begin with . 
  that 's the thing , not all of them are . 
  students overstaying visas is a common issue in developed countries including much of the eu . 
  illegal immigration is also an issue and businesses with large numbers of foreign workers are a good place to start looking for those - even large businesses representing skilled labour . 
  there 's also another use i forgot to mention , which is to use the number of foreign workers to judge exactly how much immigration restrictions will affect the labor market . 
  point is , data is data . 
  there 's always a use for it outside of malicious means . 
  this is n't much different from a general census . 
  i 'm currently taking territory from france . 
  they 've only got their southernmost territories left but goddamn does conquering a major nation take time in eu iv . 
   suggesting firms to draft list of foreigners it was n't a list of foreigners , it was publishing the number of foreign workers , no names attached , so the government knows where to start to crack down on people working illegally in the country . 
   banning foreign academics is fairly common practice internationally with regards to these kinds of international agreements . 
  to use an example , the eu likely would n't be taking input from russian academics on a trade deal with russia - there 's no guarantee that those academics are n't going to give advice that benefits russia 's side of the agreement and disadvantages the eu 's side . 
  when you 're trying to compete with the chinese ? 
  yes . 
  print more of it . 
   by the time the pound reaches parity with the dollar not gon na happen . 
  us money policy is to keep the dollar the lowest of the western currencies to drive exports . 
   the euro is too big for the speculators to play yo-yo with . 
  it 's actually not , that exact thing has been an issue for some time and has thought to have been at least part of the reason for deutsche-bank 's recent woes . 
   but not being able to clear euro denominated transactions will never happen . 
  all the eu can do is limit how much euro clearing london can do . 
  they can not outright prevent the uk from clearing euro transactions when new york , which lacks the financial passport and single market access , can clear euros , tokyo , which lacks both as well , can clear euros , singapore , beijing , hell even moscow can probably clear euro transactions . 
  to specifically prevent london from doing so as well would be a clear sign that the eu considers the uk to be an enemy and would be a declaration of economic war , which neither side is going to win . 
  it wo n't make a big enough difference though . 
  people are acting like passporting was all that was keeping london afloat , but that was never the case . 
  much more important and london 's current main reason 'd ` terre is the london metals exchange , currently worth 14 * trillion * and growing . 
  what passporting loss will do is kick london out of its number 1 global spot ... right on down to # 2 . 
   excepted all their u.s. transfer of technology . 
  which is the vast majority of their equipment . 
   it 's very different . 
  pr allows the compromise to be made in parliament , and allows the balance of power to gradually shift . 
  fptp forces people to commit to a backroom-negotiated coalition before the elections , reducing the choice to two parties . 
  it 's impossible to give a clear signal as a voter , because all issues are lumped together . 
  you 're always voting for a coalition that contains things you do n't want . 
  pr solves that problem . 
  no , no it does n't . 
  in a pr parliament , your executive branch is now rather than 1 person with 1 set of political views , 100 people with maybe 75 sets of political views between them . 
  in other words , to actually do anything , your parliament needs to form a coalition . 
  so you 're going to get a coalition that contains things you do n't want anyway , except it 's worse , because now you 've got several potential points for one group to completely halt any action the government wants to take in its tracks . 
  plus , having to compromise is not a bad thing . 
  the reason modern democratic politics is so divided , and the reason we have so much populist politics , is because we 've been teaching people for a while now that they can get everything they want . 
  that should * never * be the case . 
  you should * always * have to compromise and accept something you do n't want . 
   europe has no problem to join up across cultural and country borders in the ep . 
  it seems you overestimate the fragmentation . 
  that takes care of political unity but it says nothing about societal and cultural unity . 
   it has no mandate and no budget to do that . 
  if it would , it would be illegal . 
  ... oh , you thought i mean the eu as an organization forcing member states ' militaries to go do training exercises with foreign powers . 
  no , when i was referring to the eu , i was more referring to the member states individually . 
  sorry , i should have been more clear . 
   and did n't and does n't appy the same to the european states , seeing themselves as parts of europe ? 
  seeing themselves as parts of europe is one thing . 
  seeing themselves as parts of * one singular european nation * ? 
  that 's completely different . 
   those are a consequence of joint political institutions , not the cause . 
  the cause was an ideal of unity . 
  they can be both a cause and a consequence . 
  the italian states for example did n't exactly hold up an ideal of unity - venice for example would have been perfectly fine to continue being europe 's medieval singapore , and did n't necessarily subscribe to the whole `` italian unity '' thing from the get-go . 
  as i recall , rome and venice ended up being two of the last major obstacles towards unification , since both opposed it . 
   and ? 
  why would that change the need to let go of restrictive internal borders to become strong and unified ? 
  why do internal borders need to be restrictive ? 
  and why do you need to let them go to become strong and unified ? 
   no , individual states can not commit to free trade agreements - only the federal government can . 
  because most ftas would involve interstate commerce , which is under the jurisdiction of the federal government . 
  in theory , however , if texas had something that only texas and no other state produced and was only sold in texas , and wanted to buy something canada made that would n't be sold anywhere else in the us , and if all the importing could be done through texas ports without passing through other states , texas absolutely would be within the rights of states to sign a trade agreement with canada since that specific case would not abridge interstate commerce . 
  within their own borders , the states have control over trade , including international . 
  but you 're never going to get a foreign country signing an agreement to sell stuff to just one us state , so that never happens . 
   the same applies to eg . 
  texas and oregon . 
  does n't stop them from having their trade agreements decided at the federal level . 
  it 's not really the same . 
  slovenia can stonewall the trade process for as long as it likes . 
  texas and oregon have to sit there and sulk if they ca n't get enough other states to agree with them , which is a much better system . 
   even china adapts its standards to the european ones while i 'm surprised that as well-researched as you are you could n't figure this out on your own , here 's a newsflash - china does n't even adapt to it 's * own * standards , let alone european ones . 
  goods from china are consistently of the lowest quality , but they also come in very cheap and in very large quantities and they are n't low enough quality to cause fatalities in large numbers so no-one really minds . 
  this was actually one of the contributing factors to the uk leaving as steel workers in the uk were unhappy with the eu allowing unrestricted import of low quality chinese steel rather than domestic-made high quality european steel . 
   plain nonsense . 
  if you do n't have anything to offer , you do n't even get a trade treaty plain nonsense , with actual evidence to back up the fact that it 's nonsense - several small nations with nothing to offer have trade treaties with much larger and more powerful nations because a ) the extra export market is always welcome , and b ) all competition is good for business , and the best competition is competition that ca n't actually compete in the first place . 
   we have free movement of labor , not completely open borders inside schengen you effectively have completely open borders . 
  outside schengen on the land borders you basically have completely open borders . 
   the federal government of the usa applies fines and penalties too . 
  but usually to organizations within the states , rather than the states themselves . 
  hell , we did n't even fine arkansas when they refused to abide by a certain supreme court decision . 
   why would strictly intergovernmental negotiations would work more smoothly than the setup we have now ? 
  because then you would n't have a situation where one country ( hello uk ) can effectively shut down all progress for as long as it wants because it holds veto power over all the others . 
  with strictly intergovernmental negotiations , if france , germany , and italy want to unify their military forces , the uk has no say in the matter . 
  if germany , italy , and the uk want all banking to be done in london and whatever the big banking city in italy is , france gets to sit in a corner and cry . 
  if eastern and southern europe do n't want to act as cushions for germany to devalue its currency as much as it wants , they do n't have to . 
   you do n't really think that eastern european states would have had anything near the plethora of market access they have now as eu members , do you ? 
  if fucking vietnam can have as much international market access as it does , there 's no reason poland or lithuania or romania ca n't have that much access either . 
  luxembourg is a different story but fuck luxembourg .
