  they 've got about as much right to leave their union as well . 
  but how much of that foreign workforce was due to britain 's eu membership ? 
  there 's no guarantee that the supply of foreign talent will remain the same , and the british graduates who now can not leave to work in the eu and will have to find work domestically might not be enough to make up for the loss , especially since businesses really just come for london more than britain itself and simply by locating in london they 've priced out half or more of the available british talent . 
  except a large portion of that depended on britain 's eu membership . 
  you 're going to see all that international talent drop off . 
  not disappear , but a drastic contraction in the size of the international workforce in london is certainly likely . 
  well yeah . 
  regardless of whether or not britain is in the eu , the british education system is still easily one of the best in the world and british graduates will still make for good workers . 
  alright , i see now . 
  so on the 5 % thing , the reason i think you do need 5 % even if you 're in the middle of a huge allied bloc like the eu is that these days a military is very expensive to maintain . 
  you 'll notice that no modern military is truly adequately funded - every military power in the world , without exception , has let one part of paying for an army slide so as to not worry about having enough money to maintain the parts of their military they consider important . 
  for example , the us screws over its veterans - while you 're still in the military the pay 's good and there 's lots of support if you need it but as much as `` we love our troops '' , support for ex-soldiers is shoddy at best . 
  in exchange though , our tech is the most advanced in the world , our equipment functions better than anyone else 's and we can have boots on the ground anywhere in the world in 30 minutes or less or we 'll bomb the shit out of you . 
  the russians and the chinese , as another example , just screw over their infantry in general - being in the army is n't a good job , and there are no benefits once you 're out . 
  the money they save by doing this however goes towards their vast armor reserves , both of which are larger than those of the eu and us combined , and staying on a similar technological level as the us . 
  now that example only uses the big nations , so how does that apply to europe , a place where people seem to think that they can pay 1 % of gdp into their army and still have something capable of defending the country ? 
  well let 's look at one of the best-funded military forces , percentage wise at least , in europe - the british military . 
  specifically the royal navy . 
  they 've recently had to cut all of their anti-ship missiles for the next ten years at least because of budget constraints . 
  let me say that again - the royal navy , which was already pitifully small and wholly inadequate for what an island nation would need to defend itself , has had to remove any modern anti-ship capability it ever had and go back to using guns only , because they ca n't afford missiles anymore . 
  but at least their shit still works , unlike germany where half their shit is grounded due to poor maintenance and the other half they wo n't use even in exercises for fear of having to ground them due to poor maintenance as well . 
  europe and europeans in general ( no offense meant ) tend to vastly underestimate just how much a modern military costs , even if you never send it outside your own borders and use it purely for defense a la the jsdf . 
  between r&d , maintenance , paying people , and buying ammo , the bill adds up . 
  to use the king of military spending , the us , as an example , out of a ~ 650bn dollar defense budget , 2/3 of that goes to paying salaries and maintenance alone . 
  and of the remaining 1/3 , most of that goes towards training and procurement . 
  actual deployments , meaning everything from our manned bases around the world ( even in your native germany ) to our current deployments in iraq and afghanistan , makes up less than 1/11 of the defense budget in the us in total . 
  so yeah , europe as a whole even with a unified eu army would need to spend more on the military . 
  not necessarily the same amount the us spends on its juggernaut of a military , but enough so that everything is maintained in ready and working order so that when , not if , war breaks out on the continent again , europe can be ready . 
  and to answer your second question about landlocked countries not needing a navy ... that 's also not strictly speaking true , usually large rivers and such will have a river patrol of some sort . 
  yeah you wo n't see big blue-water capital ships but definitely pt boats or zodiacs with guns mounted on them . 
  or depending on how poor the country is a commercial speedboat with a guy with an rpg in it . 
  denmark is n't landlocked tho, 
  you meet the spending guidelines and yet due to budget constraints the democratic republic of the congo now has a more powerful navy than you . 
  spending 2 % of gdp does not make a professional army . 
  it should honestly be kicked up to 5 % and made a requirement . 
  which is exactly why trump won . 
  while he 's a terrible businessman , he 's an astonishingly good salesman . 
  especially when it comes to marketing himself . 
  he had a product , and he pitched it in a way that never directly insulted the other side , which is why he was able to nab some of sanders old supporters . 
  and that is what won him the election - just enough votes in the metro areas to turn some key blue states red . 
  til the entire population of mexico is trying to immigrate to the us illegally . 
  who says it needs to be stolen by hackers first ? 
  you do n't vote on your pm under normal conditions , how is this any different ? 
  less nixon , more reagan . 
   so according to you we should sit idle and take it up the ass no . 
  what i 'm saying is that there are ways to effectively respond to the current situation that do n't involve kick-starting the process of nuclear armageddon . 
  most of those involve putting enough money into your military forces so that they at least resemble something that would be fielded by a 1st world country rather than by equatorial guinea . 
   this whole discussion is because the us elected a reality star as a president so you better do some inner soul searching . 
  as opposed to obama who ardently refused to use any of his political power and got nothing done and no that 's * not * a good thing when your country is struggling with serious immigration and civil rights issues , bush who was a petulant child and started the war on terror , clinton i who apparently does n't know what sex is , bush i who made exactly one promise and could n't even keep that , reagan who was an actor in westerns and started the war on drugs , jimmy carter who was jimmy carter , ford who was never elected , put the economy in the shitter , fucked up the mayaguez operation , and pardoned nixon , richard nixon who was richard nixon , johnson who was responsible for tonkin , kennedy who was an idealistic kid , ike who started the policy of the us world police , truman who kick-started the second red scare , roosevelt who decided that the best way to pull the us economy out of the depression was to bankrupt our allies and not actually help them , hoover who jacked up taxes as the country was spiraling into depression , coolidge who was the poster-boy of anti government regulation of business , harding who did nothing of note and no that 's * not * a good thing when your country is struggling with serious immigration and civil rights issues ... 
  i could go all the way back to washington being a traitor to his country , but there 's 45 of these assholes so i 'm not going to . 
  point is , if you think trump is any worse than any other president the us has had , you need to go re-read your history . 
  trump is certainly not the best us president but given some of the people we 've had in office being the worst us president is something that requires * effort * . 
  also he would n't be the first actor we 've elected president so if i were you i 'd pick a better insult . 
  you do realize that leaving the npt for no better reason than `` we want to build a thousand more nukes '' is not going to sit well with * any * major power , right ? 
  do you not realize that * literally the whole point of the npt is to prevent exactly what you 're advocating * ? 
  russia does n't consider the eu to be it 's friend , and certainly does n't consider them neutral . 
  and an eu that drops out of the npt certainly is no longer guaranteed to be serving the best interests of the us . 
  so if the eu federalizes , drops out of npt , and builds 1000 more nukes , now the us * and * russia both see 1000 more nukes arrayed against them , so they both have to build at least 1000 more nukes , and when they see each other building nukes they build even more to counter ... and then there 's the message it sends to the rest of the world that you can just drop out of the npt because you want to build more nukes and face zero consequences for doing so , which means china builds more nukes , india and pakistan build more nukes , israel builds more nukes , nk and iran whose rogue programs have now effectively been legitimized build more nukes , and hundreds of nuke-capable nations around the world start amassing stockpiles in response to their neighbors doing so . 
  you 've re-started the global nuclear arms race , and given how unstable some regions are , you 've probably not only started a few regional nuclear wars , you 've probably started something that will let terrorists get their hands on nukes and all the shit that will bring . 
  jesus fucking christ it 's like you people ca n't think more than a few years into the long term . 
  you act like anything europe wants to do for europe and europe only exists in a vacuum and any foreign response is somehow unjustified . 
  you bemoan trump and brexit for threatening to erase 70 years of progress and yet you turn around and voice enthusiastic support for one of the few moves that would guarantee erasing the last 70 years of progress * if we 're very lucky * , and far , far more if we 're not . 
  no global thermonuclear war = good , lots of global thermonuclear war = bad . 
  ** get that through your fucking skull ** . 
  france does n't build nuclear weapons , they maintenance their existing ones and build new * launch vehicles * , just like every other nuclear weapons state under the npt . 
  construction of new warheads by a new eu state would be a * massive * violation of the npt , which would make the eu a rogue nuclear state . 
  congratulations , you 're now the same as iran and north korea , diplomatically speaking . 
  seriously , this is so simple to understand that most toddlers could tell you that it 's a fucking terrible idea . 
  and what 's even worse is that people seem to support you . 
  you people honestly scare me more than trump , putin , or clinton every will since you either willfully ignore or are woefully ignorant of the rhyme and reason as to why no major wars have broken out over the past 70 years , or why we have the doomsday clock at all . 
   ever heard of the eurofighter ? 
  around about the same radar signature as the f-35 . 
  that 's a * very * bold claim . 
  what 's your source on this ? 
   chobham is generally hyped up as `` the greatest tank armor ever ! '', 
  but it really is n't any better or worse than any other western tank-equivalent . 
  actually , it is , by a fairly significant margin . 
  while the exact specifications of chobbham armor are still highly classified , armor designers still acknowledge it as the best tank protection that exists outside of era plates currently . 
  the closest any competitor comes in terms of protection is what the leclerc has and even then the french have all but admitted that although the original objective of their composite armor was to match the effectiveness of chobbham against hollow-charge while improving protection against sabot , their composite fails to do either of those jobs in the same armor thickness chobbham would need . 
  there 's a very good reason the abrams and the challenger are regarded as the best-protected tanks on the planet . 
   carrier fleets are becoming more and more outdated as times and technology move on . 
  not really . 
  carrier fleets are n't about capability to deploy , they 're about how * fast * you can deploy . 
  with the global network of us air bases we could store all our aircraft on bases if we wanted to and deploy anywhere in the world in a few hours , but with the carrier fleets depending on where trouble crops up we can have aircraft on-station in , say , half an hour instead of two hours , which of course means your planes will arrive earlier , and they spend less time off-station rearming and refueling . 
  the space shuttle programme was a failure on basically every level . 
  it was supposed to be a low-cost , safe , reliable , and reusable launch platform . 
  it was n't low-cost , it was barely reusable , it was n't reliable , and it was not at all safe , especially in the later stages of its service . 
  every box it was supposed to tick it failed to tick and everyone i know who was involved in the program agrees it went on far too long . 
  classic rocketry would have met standards of reliability and safety and likely would have cost less even without being re-usable . 
  hell it should n't have even been in service for half the time it was anyway - the ssp was only supposed to last for 15 years and for good reason . 
  its service life was only extended because of delays and cost overruns with the iss . 
  by 2000 the ssp only existed to serve the iss . 
  it was a developmental dead-end and the money could have been spent much better elsewhere , on things like planning a return mission to the moon or developing launch vehicles and mission plans for manned missions outside leo or even outside earth 's sphere of influence . 
  ultimately , the ssp was a product of narcissistic nasa engineers too hyped up about their own work . 
  the shuttle was unsafe and unreliable , private industry has since proved that it was not as reusable as touted to be , and the russians of all people proved that traditional rocketry cost less and was more efficient . 
  the ssp was a cancer upon nasa and took it from being at the forefront of space exploration to the sick man of the government it is today . 
  while i do n't agree with griffin 's view that maintaining the saturn program would have been any better , and think he 's delusional for thinking it could ever do two moon missions * per year * on any regular basis , i do agree that the ssp was a massive mistake , and nasa is now better for having abandoned it . 
  no , that 's not why they scrapped the single biggest fuck-up in nasa history . 
  where are you going to get 1600 nukes from ? 
   definitely , europe is already ahead in that regard anyways .
