  in the uk , with the exception of short-barreled pistols and semi-automatic combat rifles firing larger than .223 calibre , you can own a wide variety of firearms without necessarily needing to prove need , including some exotic types - for example , the 12.7 mm boys anti-tank rifle of wwii vintage is technically permissible to own under british firearms law , being a rifled firearm with a barrel longer than 30cm , a total length longer than 60cm , and is bolt-action . 
  most places in europe you would not see that level of leniency . 
  granted it 's not like the us where some municipalities would let you carry around slmgs if they could , but still quite far from the highly restrictive laws of most of the rest of europe . 
   you are not sincere here and you know it . 
  you 're slovakian so i 'll forgive you for your only source of information being left-leaning cable news sources like cnn and the bbc . 
  if you want a more accurate view of what goes on in us politics , look to more centrist print sources - the new york times is a great example of a journalistic institution that has maintained its integrity and has done a good job of remaining politically neutral in its non-editorial section , though there is a * very * slight left lean . 
  the editorials and op-eds have a very clear left leaning bias but that 's editorials and op-eds . 
  in short though , the reality of american politics is and always has been quite different from how it gets reported overseas , as it is with every country . 
  if i took the same line of thinking you did i would assume slovakia was still a semi-communist fresh-out-of-the-warsaw-pact mess . 
   to ride in the suburbs , before mommy drives them to school in her suv or they take the yellow bus look up any cold war era movie set in suburban america featuring kids . 
  kids rode their bikes everywhere then too . 
  hell , you do n't even need to go out and watch something - what 's the most famous scene in e.t. ? 
   but have you spend any summer in the rest of europe ? 
  one in germany that i hated every second of and two very enjoyable ones in italy , specifically around bologna . 
   public executions, 
   whereas it is n't in the uk it is absolutely grounds for a fine in the uk depending on local ordnances , same as in the us . 
   gun ownership between us on one side and uk liscensed gun ownership in the uk is actually quite similar in nature to gun ownership in the us - most notably is that both nations have programs for registered shooters who pass certain qualifications to awarded a surplus service rifle - the us awards surplus garands , while the uk awards the smle ( interestingly enough i do not believe the mle is included for some reason despite having the same production numbers as the smle ) . 
  uk gun laws are also far looser than in other primarily urban european nations . 
   interaction with the police in the us ( hands on a wheel , do n't move or you get shot ) literally the only time this happens is the ten or so incidents a year that make news headlines . 
   socialised healthcare is literally considered a sign of apocalypse by a substantial part of the american political spectrum very little of the american political spectrum actually idealogically opposes socialized healthcare . 
  in the past we never really needed it , and at present the only opponents are the insurance lobby , and the far right . 
  most republicans only block it because it was the democrats ' idea - they still acknowledge that the limited rollout under the obama administration was a success and should be expanded on . 
  but not before being taken down and re-launched under a republican . 
  you know , the usual political maneuvering . 
   completely different idea of transportation ... no they do n't ? 
  one of the classic slices of americana is bob and susan getting the kids bikes for christmas . 
  as an american , unless every brit i have ever met has led to my face , and unless the multiple summers spent living in various parts of the uk with family were completely farcical , everyday life in the uk is pretty damn similar to everyday life in the us . 
  ... actually you spent most of your history being the * reason * the britons spent pretty much their entire history trying to avoid that , with varying degrees of success . 
  and also building up a habit of losing to enemies you have surrounded and outnumbered by a considerable amount , but that 's neither here nor there . 
  you also had public executions by guillotine until 1939 and non-public executions by guillotine until 1977 . 
  ... * yeah * . 
  san fran is a major hub on the western seaboard , and boston is in almost every way a highly inferior version of new york . 
  *** and you 'd better well remember that , europoors ***, 
  normandy and france were pretty fucking different culturally ; the former was a viking tribe and the latter was , well , the french . 
  i do n't get how people fail to understand this , the normans and the french were not the same people . 
  ... yeah . 
  except for the free hospital part , you 've just described an average public intoxication stop in the city of san antonio ( though to be fair the nhs is something that only really works because the uk has such a huge gdp for such a small population ) . 
  the for-profit news media of the modern age gives the us an especially bad rap internationally since they only pick up the stories that are likely to attract attention , and some dumbass country cop out in the sticks of missouri who only got onto the force because his granpaw is the police chief shooting someone who so much as twitched during a traffic stop attracts a lot more attention than the several thousand cops elsewhere around the country taking time out of a beat to help a listless drunk or a lost tourist at the same time this is going on . 
  admittedly the police are more armed here than in britain , but unarmed bobbies are becoming increasingly rare and it 's not like weapons officers do n't exist in britain . 
  as a new yorker i can understand it . 
  part of nyc is on long island but new yorkers still talk about long island as if it were an exotic foreign country . 
  what would have happened had sealion launched was a decisive german defeat , even if the raf and the rn never mobilized . 
  one of the reasons the normandy landing even worked was because some crazy british man decided to essentially put inner tubes on sherman tanks and float them onto the beaches to help with the assault . 
  the germans , believing there was no way to involve tanks in an amphibious assault were completely unable to counter this and at every beach the shermans made it to land , the germans were pushed back in short order . 
  the germans would n't have had that advantage had sealion launched . 
  their soldiers would have been slaughtered on the beaches . 
  basically : * landing germans would have had no armor support * they ca n't bring their capital ships in to bombard land targets since that almost guarantees the arrival of the home fleet which would in turn leave all of germany 's capital ships on the bottom of the channel * the germans were wearing out fighter command because they were launching numerous bombing attacks on several targets at once . 
  a concentrated deployment of bombers at a single location would be exactly what fighter command would need to catch it 's breath . 
  speaking of fighters , the germans would have none - britain was outside the combat range of both the early 109s and 190s and speaking of bombers , if there were two things the luftwaffe was terrible at above all else , it was naval bombing of defended ships and cas bombing . 
  both of which sealion would need in abundance . 
  basically sealion would hand every advantage to the brits and pretty much end the war in western europe with a decisive german defeat . 
  right . 
  because as two island nations japan and britain actually had a lot of cultural interaction with each other and japan saw britain as a model of how an island nation can become strong . 
  a lot of japanese culture has origins in britain . 
  the us has historically been closer culturally and politically to the uk than any european nation ever has . 
  also , britain still has enough worldwide possessions left that the whole `` sun never sets '' thing actually does still apply . 
   meaning they are too proud to accept they need the others to be stronger , i think . 
  think less that and closer to how americans think - rugged individualism . 
  the way britons see things , integrating yourself into another entity is no different from admitting defeat - you 're allowing yourself to be absorbed into something that 's well , not you , and that 's what happens to countries that have been defeated . 
  what britons consider to be a sign of strength is the will to be strong and independent on one 's own merits . 
  the idea that even a tiny island nation can have a global empire . 
  so to put it simply , britain sees all these nations wanting to be absorbed into this larger state and is astonished that these people would do this to themselves , and quite offended that people then expect her to follow suit . 
  tl ; dr - it 's not that the britons want the continent to be less prosperous ( except france ) , but that the idea of giving up ones national identity is extremely foreign and somewhat hostile to a people who have spent pretty much their entire history trying to * avoid * that , with varying degrees of success . 
  you ca n't fault the uk for opposing the eu army since they see that as the rest of europe trying to sabotage nato . 
  from the uk 's perspective , europe would be much better served by the continent joining nato than some sort of eu defense pool , the reason being that if you have sperate militaries but a unified command structure , every nation is effectively forced to contribute at least somewhat , while the same is not necessarily true for an eu - wide force . 
  fair enough . 
  why should europe waste time and money on something that has nothing to do with them ? 
  mossadegh was removed in 1953 after he illegally seized british assets in the region after having the previous prime minister assassinated and his assassin pardoned . 
  his replacements worked with the shah reza to improve iran 's international standing and largely succeeded . 
  iran 's income in both private and public sectors rose substantially , and foreign investment drove a significant amount of growth and development until the coup in the 70s . 
  iran was one of the most successful nations in the middle east and well on its way to post-industrialization when the ayatollah launched his coup . 
  which , by the way , was not a righteous crusade against american interventions , but simply a domestic power grab - mossadegh and the ayatollahs enjoyed a positive relationship during mossadegh 's term , which lent a lot of power to the religious part of the county . 
  the 1970s coup was nothing more than a successful attempt to regain that lost power and form an authoritarian islamic theocracy by capitalizing on the increasing hated of the shah for his attempts to modernize and secularize the country among the nation 's substantial religious demographic . 
  furthermore , iran 's nuclear program was never conceived of , intended as , or executed as a reactionary and defensive measure against the us - it has been from the beginning and continues to be a purely offensive program for use against israel . 
  it would n't be `` unchecked nuclear * aggression * '' if the program was defensive . 
  the us had no hand in the rise of the ayatollah khomeini , that was entirely iran 's doing . 
  furthermore , there 's also the whole `` unchecked nuclear aggression '' thing . 
   unprovoked, 
  you 're confusing passporting rights with clearing rights . 
  passporting rights they 'll lose . 
  if they lost clearing rights that would effectively be a trade/travel embargo , which in this day and age unprovoked embargos are generally not a good thing to be doing if you want businesses to invest in you . 
  london wo n't be happy , no . 
  but it wo n't suddenly be irrelevant like some people are hoping for . 
  they 'll be permitted to do clearing , just not * all * of the clearing . 
  and that 's the issue for europe - you 're never going to kill off london because the most you can reasonably do is limit them to no higher a level of clearing than what new york and tokyo get . 
  you push any harder than that and now it 's obvious you 're intentionally being vindictive and the resulting international outcry ( and there would be outcry ) would do significant long-term damage to europe as a whole in the long run . 
  and if you can only limit london to what new york and london do , what 's left woo be spread too think among the rest of the eu to really hurt london 's status . 
  sensationalist headline . 
  the uk is n't going to lose all rights to euro clearing , that would absolutely tank both group 's economies if they did something that blatantly vindictive . 
  new york abs tokyo clear euros all the time , london 's roll in clearing will scale back to about the same as those two after art 50 . 
  the fact that london is such a large metals trading hub will insulate some of the clearing losses . 
  fun detail : f-35 is not an interceptor . 
  it 's a strike fighter . 
  and currently only the fleet air arm is set to use them because the british government is too cheap in install a catobar system . 
  yeah but the whole point of russia having a shit economy is that if they become openly belligerent again we can defeat them the same way as last time , by just spending so much on the military they ca n't hope to keep up ... which is hard to do because russia 's military equipment is designed specifically with that in mind , and is designed to be as good as possible while remaining as cheap as possible . 
  a russia that has an economy the size of france ( which would put it in the top 10 world economies ) would be * very * hard to deal with in that same manner . 
  neither of them would . 
  clinton knows putin is smarter than her and is generally afraid of people smarter than her , and tends to shrink away from them ( hence why she was trounced by obama as badly as she was in ' 08 ) . 
  so clinton would n't do anything out of fear of being outmaneuvered . 
  trump * does n't * know putin is smarter than him , and is also very unintelligent in general .
