  furthermore , objections from the eu27 have no real effect on ttip 's momentum depending on the demeanor of whatever administration is controlling the white house - the us is a far more important market to europe than europe is to the us , and failure by the europeans to comply with us interests under a firm enough president would risk europe facing restricted access or even blocked access to important american markets . 
  cars , for example - gm and toyota would love to pick up the market share left behind by the german automakers . 
  as for a trade deal between the us and the uk , that situation is rather unique in that it 's not all about the pure economics of it , and even on the economic side it 's not all about the pure numbers . 
  the uk economy is indeed much smaller than the us economy , but free access to its markets and politics come with certain benefits for us industry and service sectors . 
  at the same time , there is every opportunity for large american companies to profit while smaller british competitors would be unlike to threaten american jobs and businesses . 
  the other major aspect is the security aspect . 
  britain is a member of the five eyes , and as the only nation on earth with anything close to the force projection capabilities of the us is a major , * major * strategic ally in military terms . 
  on top of that , there are a few british defense companies that are jointly working with us companies on ongoing military projects - the f-35 program for example has american aerospace companies collaborating with rolls royce , the british engine maker , for the f-35s propulsion systems . 
  an amicable deal with the uk actually has a fair amount of benefits with no real significant downsides . 
  based off this , it may actually be * better * for the uk to be out of the eu for the purposes of negotiating with the us than to be in the eu and carrying of all the baggage of the western european nations which do not share our ideals and often oppose our interests , and are uncommitted members of nato , and the eastern european nations , which while they are valuable and committed members of nato , are not on friendly terms with us and are also the international bloc that has had the most success infiltrating and compromising us intelligence services . 
  at this point if they did n't it would result in the loss of most if not all of their soft power . 
  historically britain 's influence has come from a ) the fact that despite being vastly smaller than most other armed forces they are well trained enough that they can * still * fuck you up right proper , and b ) a strong and inflexible government , especially with regards to the eu and getting what they want out of the union by threatening to leave and risk bringing the whole thing down . 
  now in recent days although the army is still the best trained in the world they have gone through significant downsizing , similar to the end of wwi , and brexit has shown the government there is n't even competent to run its own affairs - in addition to numerous easily solved problems plaguing the nation , in the wake of brexit , * every single political leader in the uk , on both sides of the issue , including the fucking pm , noped the fuck out * . 
  on top of that , it was revealed that under the assumption of relying on the eu , the uk government does n't even have enough personnel to actually do anything outside of the eu such as trade treaties . 
  in order to maintain at least some of their soft power , the uk has to either take their medicine and go through with it , or make the biggest political bluff since hitler signed a non-aggression pact with the soviets and portray brexit as the eu 's one warning and the next one is totally for real . 
  though that already might be out the window with `` brexit means brexit '' being a thing . 
  no , no it was not . 
  delays to ttip have come more from objections at home and objections from britain , a close us ally and valuable strategic partner . 
  with britain out of the eu , the eu is going to lose a lot of negotiation power that came from goodwill towards britain . 
  from here on , europe will be relying on continued protests in the states and on the desire of the democrats to make a deal . 
  it 's always been a question of when rather than if though from the very beginning . 
  as for britain ? 
  they wo n't get an fta deal . 
  they * might * get a pure services deal though since so many us banks deal with london to begin with and even outside the eu it 's an immeasurably important financial capital . 
  and we 'd be perfectly happy to bomb you all back to the stone age again when you try to do that . 
  singing the praises of an aircraft does n't make it good . 
  the japanese loved their zeros throughout wwii but by 1943 they were hopelessly outclassed by even the lightest american fighters . 
  if this was n't where we kept some of our nukes i 'd make a joke about this , but if this persists then the us must consider a serious military intervention in turkey . 
  no , that was macedonia . 
   only being able to operate stovl ( not vtol ) aircraft does n't matter particularly much as the faa is operating the f-35b anyway , along with the raf . 
  right , the f-35 , which a ) likely wo n't even be in production by the time the first carrier is ready at this rate , and b ) is outperformed in combat by some 4th gen fighters , * including the f-18 hornet that would have been the catobar fighter * . 
  and clinton is in 2nd place . 
  just because you 've got a college degree does n't mean you 're any smarter than your local garbage man . 
  the eu did n't exist in 1973 . 
  bomber harris do it again !, 
  you forgot the part where about 87 years into that we had to use military force to keep it together . 
  i 'm increasingly convinced that said military force is still the only reason it * stays * together . 
  plus , look at how dysfunctional the us is . 
  do you really want that in europe as well ? 
  not good . 
  they 're no longer nuclear , no longer super , and worst of all , no longer have catobar meaning they ca n't launch conventional planes - only vtol . 
  i think the brits would be insulted for you to be putting them on such a low level as us seals . 
  there is exactly one group of people seals are afraid of and that 's the special air service . 
  it was n't that it was a naive age , it 's just that we needed to give everything time to settle . 
  the reason china has endured as long as it has and become as powerful as it has is due to its rapid economic expansion . 
  however , much like german military operations , it all comes crashing down the minute the expansion runs out of steam . 
  we 're seeing signs of that already : billions if not trillions wasted on entire cities that go unoccupied by citizens or businesses alike , mounting foreign debt that is n't being offset by a much larger domestic component like in the us , and a huge increase in military aggression - these are not things that happen in a dictatorship with a flourishing economy . 
  these are things that happen when the dictatorship 's economic boom is coming to an end and the ruling party knows it . 
  china has resorted at this point to artificially dumping the price on things like steel and solar panels , and it 's worked out for them in the short term , but long term they 're finding that despite their best efforts they can not keep up with the economic juggernaut that is the united states . 
  the rest of the world , britain included , have realized this and have started to position themselves to feast off the festering corpse of china once it kicks the bucket . 
  the britain fta deal is just the start of it , and within the next 10-20 years you should start seeing similar deals emerge with the eu , us , and even russia as china becomes increasingly desperate . 
  you 'll see a last-ditch effort by china to attempt to use force to annex a strong economy around them ( likely japan or korea ) , a bid they will lose , costing them their international standing and influence , and many key sectors of their economy . 
  i 've always wanted to know how many arleigh burkes it would take to sink a kirov . 
  they will because very soon they 're going to need foreign banking expertise if they want to have even a chance at preventing total economic ruin . 
  the uk has the world 's largest banking sector , the best military tech in the world , and the best intelligence services of the five eyes . 
  the uk is incredibly important to the us and therefore the world , and even trump is n't dumb enough to just let that link fail . 
  you had the cool uniforms and competent generals last time . 
  the uk * is * comparable to the us , and stronger than china . 
  military strength in the modern age depends on tech , intelligence , training , and force projection abilities . 
  the uk beats china in all of those respects , and ties the us in all but the last area . 
  economic strength is a secondary concern - as russia has proven , a nation can still be s global superpower even with a developing economy . 
  most of those `` innovative designs '' are co-developed with rolls royce engineers . 
  like i said , they 're not the largest suppliers of engines , but everyone recognizes them as the best . 
  this can potentially be * very * good for the uk long-term . 
  an open uk and chinese banking sector would effectively unify two of the `` big three '' world financial institutions . 
  that said , this can also go very poorly for the uk . 
  both sides have to make careful bets - with the cards played right , the uk can pick up chinese banks when the chinese economy eventually collapses , sit back , and laugh at europe . 
  make one wrong move in negotiations though and the reverse could easily happen . 
  not good , but not like it 's going to kill rr either . 
  they 're still the undisputed kings of aircraft engines . 
  this only works if canada , aus , and rohan return to being british colonies . 
  also let 's give them new jersey just to fuck with them . 
  and also return vermont to its proper status of being part of the new york colony . 
  when , exactly , did the uk government discuss military action with spain ? 
  that 's what you think boyo . 
  little did you know this is actually a secret plot by portugal to get you booted from the eu and ransacked by britain so the portuguese crown can annex what 's left . 
  maybe this all could have been avoided if you had just shared more of south america . 
  but it 's too late for that now . 
   we live in the 21st century where there is absolutely no scenario in which spain will take over gibraltar `` against it 's will '' . 
  except that 's exactly what spain has been advocating for years !, 
  say what you want about whether or not they 'll actually do it , but as long as spain keeps demanding gibraltar and posturing about owning gibraltar , and as long as gibraltar would rather remain part of britain than part of spain , the question is valid and must be answered . 
  a takeover does not have to be military in nature . 
  case in point , if spain comes out and says they 're not going to use the brexit negotiations to force britain to cede gibraltar , than the point is moot and your point would be valid . 
  unfortunately , the spanish have n't done that yet . 
  you heard nothing, 
  and now to invade ireland ... 
  shut up less french quebec, 
  nonsense , if weebland knows as much about baseball as they do then you people have no excuse for not knowing just as much if not more . 
  look at my flair and tell me again why i ca n't make baseball references on commie subs . 
  in all fairness , coming in # 2 to nyc is kind of like being the close second best at baseball after babe ruth, 
  it would be one thing if they were marching to demand that the uk not leave the eea or something like that , but that 's not what these people are marching about . 
  they 're marching to demand that a decision supported by a majority of their countrymen be overturned . 
   the same could be said of any capital city in any country . 
  except dc, 
  i look at headlines like this and realize why the british right takes headlines from the mail at face value , since they 're clearly justified in doing so if the british left is willing to take headlines like this one at face value . 
  for the uninformed , the real story is that may and sturgeon have said mean words to each other again , and absolutely nothing of any real substance has happened yet . 
  fbi busts such operations almost monthly in the us . 
  it 's surprisingly easy to get a hold of the necessary tools and schematics , or just legally buy a gun and copy the parts , you just need the know-how . 
  so was hawaii . 
  they 're a us state now .
