  holy shit yugoslavia . 
  when did i ever say that ? 
  in any event , obama was a good * politician * not a good * leader * . 
  a good leader does n't win near-absolute control over the government for the first two years of their term and then do absolutely nothing with it out of a desire to compromise with an opponent that has explicitly expressed an unwillingness to compromise . 
  fine then , you tell me - what provisions for enforcement does the paris treaty actually have ? 
  what is to stop a country , say the us , from joining the accord and then ignoring its commitments completely ? 
  now that certainly is n't a pleasant thought . 
  jokes aside , for better or for worse , as far as the rest of the world is concerned the president of the united states represents the will and intention of the us federal government and the people of the us in all methods and capacities , and right now that president is donald trump . 
  the decisions made by trump and the decisions made by the us are one and the same . 
  you ca n't separate the state from its leader just to serve propaganda purposes . 
  trying to do that leads to things like obama getting a free nobel prize , or the british government blaming everything on blair to ignore their own responsibility . 
  well let 's see . 
  obama was responsible for a resurgence in afghanistan , enacting a policy of extrajudicial killings , turning the middle east into a dumpster fire , and gave crimea to russia . 
  so far , trump has pulled out of a climate agreement that was n't worth the paper it was written on ( largely due to obama ) , and categorically refused to do anything about russia . 
  i do n't know why you people like obama so much , he 's directly responsible for the biggest problems facing your continent . 
  how is macron vs united states any different from macron vs trump ? 
  well you 'd be wrong . 
  this is n't 1939 - the armies of eastern europe are some of the strongest on the continent , and they have much better odds holding the line against the russian military than any combined french/german/spanish / italian front would have . 
  furthermore , the eastern european nato members are the ones the us actually likes , and the country is much more likely to stick its neck out for them than it is for western europe ( britain excluded ) . 
  that and it would mean going back on the vast majority of our international agreements . 
  as to the uk , the uk reports 215 nuclear warheads total , with 120 of them ready for immediate launch at any given time , though as usual , the real numbers for both are likely significantly higher . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of the battle of britain , the battle of the atlantic , the armada , the war of 1812 . 
  you know , times when the empire was under actual credible threat . 
  you act like ee ca n't defend itself , that a russian invasion of ee nato nations would n't immediately be met with us reprisal , and the uk does n't have perfectly serviceable nuclear weapons of its own fully capable of turning moscow to glass . 
  to be fair , britain usually is at its best when it has the odds overwhelmingly stacked against it . 
  not surprised a lot of germans go to the us . 
  explains all the nazis here recently . 
  the difference is in who pays who and when . 
  if vw 's us subsidiary sells a car to a us citizen , that 's profit earned in the us and thus the us gets to tax that profit . 
  if vw in germany sells a car to a us citizen , that 's profit earned in germany and thus germany gets to tax it . 
  the trade deficit with germany is actually very interesting , because as it turns out , we both export cars to each other more than anything else - yes , germans last year imported almost 7 million dollars worth of us made cars . 
  but americans imported 22 million worth of cars . 
  so what explains that gap ? 
  myths . 
  among the even somewhat wealthy there 's a general belief that nothing is made in america anymore and what little is still made here is made by poor people who never went to college , meaning the quality might as well be no better than a chinese sweatshop . 
  so they pay to import cars from overseas . 
  not even luxury either - they 'll go to a vw dealership in the us , find a car they like , and try to order it on import . 
  tl ; dr - a lot of the us trade deficit with germany is because importing in the us is a status symbol , `` buy american '' is seen as something only poor people do on the right and an excuse to perpetuate racism on the left . 
  so domestic sales get a double whammy from both sides of society . 
  and are also mostly built domestically in the us market . 
  i mean the president is right in that we should be looking to reduce our trade deficits but he 's going about it all wrong . 
  the us conquered the world in the 50s because every other nation we had either bombed the shit out of , owed us tons of money , or was behind the iron curtain . 
  the us could afford low tax rates and american companies could afford to min/max expenditures and profits and not innovate . 
  and when the rest of the world started producing things again and finished paying us back , american companies did nothing to change . 
  the issue is n't that american products ca n't compete , it 's that they do n't . 
  the economic issues of the us would be solved better by raising taxes and forcing american companies to innovate and compete rather than using tax cuts as ineffective bandages . 
  and it 's not like american companies would have to play catch-up either - an unfortunate business tactic in america has been to buy patents of advanced technology and then never use it so they do n't have to phase out old tech and therefore save money . 
  if they were to bring those out , us companies would be back on top of the world in short order , but ceos these days refuse to take long-term risks . 
  honestly the only thing for it is some good old trust busting , but the right will never go for it , which is odd considering it was an idea that came from the right in the first place . 
  that in and of itself should n't cause a trade deficit , most of the german cars and goods americans buy is manufactured * in america * , since it turns out paying 10000 people below minimum wage is cheaper than having to pay import costs . 
   use same calibre as your forces do but have far better sights and are more accurate tell me you 're not talking about the l85 . 
  and the soldier is armed with what is to my knowledge the only modern assault rifle where the magazine falling out of the weapon is a common occurrence . 
  should have just stuck with the smle . 
  okay , but then the eu actually has to treat britain like it does the rest of the world . 
  currently that 's not what 's on the table . 
  more like our establishment of complete and total military and industrial dominance over the rest of the world , thereby ending several centuries of continued eurocentricism in world affairs and politics and paving the way for an unprecedented era of relative global peace and lack of genocides and intentional famines every other year . 
  yeah but we just like rubbing it in europe 's face . 
  there 's an unfortunately large number of people who would n't have been though . 
  since when has the rest of the world 's opinions ever stopped a european power from doing what it wants ? 
  i 'm worried about spain though . 
  they must realize what kind of opportunity they have here , and there 's a define risk that in the 11th hour spain will hold up any deal unless the uk gives up gibraltar . 
  this is why gibraltar should n't have been an issue in negotiations in the first place . 
  we need more information . 
  this alone says nothing . 
  continued uk access to the single market in exchange for a fee * and freedom of movement * was always on the table . 
  a pure cash-for-access scheme was not . 
  also , if it 's only the germans proposing this , it means nothing in the face of the czechs taking a moral stance , and the spanish gunning for gibraltar . 
  yes , but the french did n't go out and murder 30 million people in the space of three years , with plans to expand that figure . 
  the issue with the left pre-ww2 was n't that they factionalized , it was that the german communists somehow came to the conclusion that supporting the nazis would be good for them in the short term . 
   what you call `` teaching a lesson '' i call treating the uk as a 3rd party state which is n't what the eu wants at all - they seem to be fixing to leave the uk as even less than that in relation to the eu . 
  best example ? 
  the euro clearing . 
  new york , singapore , hong kong , tokyo - all of those cities are outside the eu , and all of them are allowed to clear euros . 
  why is london different ? 
  why is london being treated as less european than cities that are thousands of miles away from europe ? 
  the eu has seen fit to treat the uk as a hostile state , same as russia . 
  i 'm not surprised , given that the largest players in the eu have all been at some point existential threats to the uk . 
  in fact , one still has active military conflicts with the uk from time to time . 
  i sincerely hope that once these negotiations are fully underway , my nation will make the logical and responsible choice of supporting our oldest ally rather than a group of nations that have on multiple occasions tried to blame all the world 's problems on us - including the things that are blatantly their fault . 
   do you think scotland would be politically and economically stronger or weaker outside of the uk ? 
  weaker because their economy is worse than that of greece , and their political value is zilch . 
   do you think california would be politically and economically stronger or weaker outside of the us ? 
  weaker , because while california 's economy is doing well , again it has very little political value on its own and a large part of cali 's economy to begin with is shipping stuff east . 
   do you think england would be politically and economically stronger or weaker outside of the uk ? 
  significantly so . 
  in addition to having one of the strongest financial centers on the planet , the english economy is currently held back by having to prop up scotland , ni , and wales economically , as well as scottish devolution of power having an undue effect on westminster . 
  in addition , both the nuclear arsenal and the permanent unsc seat lie with britain 's head of state - the queen of * england * . 
  so now you have a nation with a strong political position , god political value , and an economy no longer being bogged down by three greeces . 
   look at what happened to the soviet union . 
  russia was by far the most powerful and the richest soviet republic , but independently , it has proven to be a shadow of what the soviet union was . 
  i mean this ignores ... just about everything related to the fall of the soviet union , and on top of that vastly overstates how prosperous the soviet union actually was . 
  it 's not a good comparison at all . 
  on paper the tank is fine . 
  in practice , the tank is also fine ... when it 's actually properly maintenanced . 
  the issue is your government refuses to pay for said maintenance so half your tank fleet is in mothball and the other half really should be . 
  that 's before we get to the question of what you actually expect a leo to do against modern western tanks given they all have spall liners and the rhinemetal gun ca n't fire a hesh shell . 
  given the relative strength of the german and polish militaries i would n't recommend trying to roll into warsaw ... 
  i mean ... have you seen what happens when you hover over the word `` europe '' in the banner ? 
   as a share of the immigration , non-eu migrats take up about 50 % ( https://fullfact.org/immigration/eu-migration-and-uk/ ) , and yet the uk gov ( which has 100 % control over this 50 % ) has n't done much to reduce the numbers . 
  i keep seeing this get thrown around again and again and it strikes me as odd that the point is even brought up , because the response is obvious and probably would n't go over well with the rest of europe .
