  it took london , new york , hong kong , and beijing centuries of being either world capitals or central trading hubs in their respective regions to get where they are today . 
  tokyo was basically rebuilt from the ground up according to a very specific plan , tens of trillions of dollars , and a lot of backroom deals . 
  no city in ireland or on the mainland has had anywhere near that kind of development . 
  ttip is dead because will you did n't want it and our government did n't care enough about it to fight it because we 're so close to an election and starting a messy trade war right before a change in leadership is a poor idea . 
  by the time brexit happens though that wo n't be an issue . 
  unlike ttip , brexit over here has significant public support and we do n't be less than a year from a potential regime change . 
  not to mention that the us has a vested interest in having an excuse to limit eu imports . 
  the auto sector in the us has been an embarrassment for far too long and gm abs ford would love to pick up the market share that vw and daimler-benz and fiat leave behind . 
  if the us comes in on the side of brexit you can forget about attaching passporting to fom . 
  the us has a stronger economy than the eu * with * the uk , and you 've already tried to burn us once on ttip - if we decide that brexit is going to happen on our terms , and you decide to oppose is again , there will be serious consequences . 
  the us does not care about the eu as much as people seem to think , and the eu is nowhere near as strong on the world stage as people seem to think . 
  not on the same scale as london . 
  people say this all the time and they have no idea how frighteningly huge and strong london 's financial infrastructure is . 
  this is the city that for a brief period of time in the early 2000s eclipsed even new york , the heart of the modern global economy . 
  only the major asian financial centers and nyc itself can match london 's financial infrastructure . 
  frankfurt , paris , berlin , and dublin ? 
  * not even fucking close * . 
  except it wo n't manage to attract those businesses to the eu . 
  there are only four cities in the world that can match london 's scale and infrastructure for finance - beijing , hong kong , tokyo , and new york . 
  if london gets cut off from the eu , branches will move to the eu yes , but the stuff that actually makes money and contributes to the economy will move to new york . 
  so i 'm very much in favor of a hard brexit . 
  i think what you 'll end up seeing is limited freedom of november in exchange for passporting rights . 
  sort of a `` half and half '' type thing . 
  the only way the french military is more capable than the uk is carrier operations , and only then because the french actually have carrier aircraft while the british do n't at the moment because lockheed martin is shit at their jobs . 
  in terms of the ground game the french would be up shit 's creek without a paddle without the organizational and logistical expertise of the uk and the us . 
  the uk is the only nation on the planet that even comes close to matching the us for global force projection because a lot of the old infrastructure for colonial deployment was never dismantled , so it 's remained a minor priority in british military planning ever since . 
  see in the us we 're taught that there 's only one large groups of italians : group a , the mafia . 
  we 're also taught that all italians look and sound like either marlon brando or that guy who was really angry in every scene in goodfellas , so maybe that 's clouding things somewhat . 
  the uk 's best time in history was when they owned literally half the world and were the source of many of the inventions and concepts modern research , society , and technology depends on . 
  right now ? 
  nothing , because they 're still in the eu and bound by the eu 's rules until such a time as they are not . 
  the last government kind of adamantly refused to even acknowledge the possibility that leave might win , much less actually plan for it , and the new government is trying to withstand assault from all sides while also trying to keep everyone from panicking and figuring out just what the hell the uk actually has at its disposal right now to negotiate with besides leveraging trident for some good old nuclear brinksmanship . 
  give it like three or four years for the uk government to get its affairs in order and then we 'll see what they can do . 
  remember that britain 's greatest moments in history have come from being surrounded and outnumbered in a position where no-one thinks they can come out on top . 
   russia has an economy comparable to italy , are they not projecting a lot of power at the moment ? 
  no , not really . 
  they 're bombing desert people and bullying the ukraine , both of which no-one really cares about in the grand scheme of things . 
  the big thing for the uk is their seat on the security council . 
  that 's going to stay that way for as long as the un continues to exist , meaning that countries to an extent will always have to at least listen to the uk . 
  what the eu needs to do is loosen its debt restrictions . 
  under current eu rules , member states have to keep their debt to within a certain % of gdp . 
  but that figure ends up being so low that in the event of , say , a recession where the working class ca n't recover because automation and globalization has put working class jobs in a position where once they 're gone they 're gone for good , governments ca n't take the necessary fiscal measures to remedy this situation without violating the eu 's debt rules and being forced into austerity measures in order to remain in the eu . 
  which is a large part of why brexit happened . 
  oh there is the political will . 
  the issue is that your military is so shit that even sealand could raise their flag over the reichstag at this point . 
  the issue is that a lot of european military forces fall far below what they are actually capable , and issues of training and maintenance in some of the larger european nations create an unnecessary weak link in any defense in europe . 
  for example , while france and germany have very large military forces using very modern equipment , their level of training is generally poor and their equipment is not in the best of conditions . 
  half of the modern liftwaffle for example is grounded due to mechanical issues and most of the remaining aircraft are on no-fly status outside of emergencies for fear that those will break down as well . 
  germany 's leopard tanks have issues that have been plaguing german tank design for more than fifty years now . 
  and in general , germany and france are not fully willing to commit to a defense of eastern europe , and would likely fold if the front began to push into central europe . 
  conversely , the polish and british military forces , despite being smaller in scale , are vastly more well trained , and their equipment is in the best of conditions . 
  unfortunately , that 's not enough against a superpower like russia . 
  the britons , scandanavians , and eastern europeans would put up quite a fight , but the russian military is simply too large for them to hold back on their own . 
  while most of eastern europe individually could roll into berlin or paris tomorrow without issue , russia 's military is both large and well trained . 
  even with reinforcements from britain , the front would be in constant retreat until the us can land a sufficiently large force to counterattack with . 
  if the larger european nations strengthened their contribution to nato , a scenario where the russians push into germany before they are finally stalemated and turned back can be turned into a scenario where depending on how fast europe mobilizes , the russians may not make it to warsaw , or even kunaus . 
  tl ; dr it does n't matter that the eu countries do n't build their army for offensive wars because many of their armies are n't even adequate for a defensive action at the moment . 
  there wo n't come a war with russia , they 've normalized fairly well and are n't in a position where the country would violently reject falling a few levels on the power scale ( which would be really hard for russia to do actually since despite its size the russian military costs surprisingly little to maintain ) . 
  the real danger is china . 
  east asia is a lot like the balkans - everyone is constantly trying to assert their cultural and physical dominance over everyone else , and china especially so . 
  they 've twice now had major shocks where they learned they were indeed not the most powerful nation in the world and were actually just everyone else 's bitch - now they do have power and culturally that 's not something they 'll be keen to let go of when their economy eventually collapses under its own weight . 
  when , not if , that happens , you will see another world war as china seeks to do the exact same thing nazi germany did and prop up a failing economy by using war spoils . 
  good to see the italians still complain about * literally everything * . 
  also , the hipocracy in britain is clear . 
  `` we do n't think foreigners are good , but they 've integrated well '' . 
  well if you do n't think foreigners are good then they have n't integrated well then now have they ? 
  because if you do them by the time you get to mars you 'll be met with a russian flag . 
  the forefront of technology has for the last 50 years come from space exploration , and the drive of the west to be better at it than anyone else . 
  to abandon that for some silly little `` human 2.0 '' concept that is flawed in every way possible is pure folly , plain and simple . 
  it already matches phonetically though . 
   and stop using the word baguette to describe a bread stick . 
  that 's going to happen anyway , but not because of brexit . 
  the ceos of banks based out if nyc and switzerland already have an easy enough time firing people . 
  `` egotistical '' ? 
  like what ? 
  not joining the euro ? 
  that 's not egotistical , that 's common fucking sense . 
  not joining schengen ? 
  the uk is an island , and it 's pretty fucking hard to have complete open borders with an island . 
  that 's why the cta exists - it 's a complete open border with a nation the mainland uk * actually has a land border with * . 
  so maybe it 's refusing to implement an eu army ? 
  except a lot of people hate that idea so you ca n't blame that on the uk . 
  the rebate ? 
  admittedly it 's outdated and i can see an ideal agreement between the uk and eu as consisting of the services passport in exchange for quota 'd free movement but no further single market access , and of course scrapping the rebate and halting all eu funding to the uk . 
  but egotistical ? 
  there 's nothing `` egotistical '' about the uk 's relationship with the eu except the people on * both * sides who want to see nothing more than the other guy 's complete and total collapse . 
   it would remove the reliance europeans have on the us . 
  sorry , but you 're a few whole navies and a few * thousand * nukes from reaching that goal . 
  europe outside the american nuclear umbrella lasts for all of three seconds against russia . 
  eastern europe knows this , and also knows that western europe thinks along the same lines you 're thinking . 
  they will never agree to an eu army , and if one forms , they will leave the eu before they let france and germany piss off the us enough to break up nato . 
  because the spanish general is horrendously incompetent and is liable to get his force annihilated by a vastly smaller and less well equipped force . 
  what the fuck do you call a ceo then ? 
  you act like a trade war would go very poorly for the uk but you forget that most of uk history consists of being surrounded abs outnumbered against the continent and still winning decisively . 
  the british at their best are shrewd , manipulative , and cruel to a huge degree . 
  do not be dismissive of just how well the uk is able to throw around its considerable weight once it gets its house sorted and its affairs in order - that competence is the reason the country still exists today . 
  that 's a terrible pitch . 
  `` come do your business here , we 'll make it easier for you to lose your job ! '', 
  so then the obvious compromise is 1/3 single market access , 1/3 freedom of movement , 1/3 money , and three out of every five migrants count towards another mep . 
  oh do n't remind me .
