  any currency can have that happen to it . 
  but the pound * does * need time to recover , as well as news that is n't entirely terrible . 
  to this end , may needs to keep a lid on her government and release a preliminary set of official goals for leaving the eu before the new year . 
  even if those goals are `` hard exit '' , just having that on the table will bring some certainty back to the situation , meaning companies can start planning and confidence will be restored a bit as to the stability of the british government and by extension the pound sterling . 
  i do n't think at this point it 'll ever recover to 1.30 to the euro and 1.50 to the dollar but those were artificial highs anyway , i expect the 1.20 / 1.30 it held for a few months after the vote is a much more realistic normal for the gbp . 
  you know what ? 
  let 's just go it and get it over with . 
  wipe moscow and a hundred other cities off the map . 
  i bet they have n't even serviced their launch platforms since the 90s , assuming they even worked in the first place given the failures of their space programs . 
  the king is dead . 
  long live the queen !, 
   no , pr systems have parties too . 
  they just are smaller and replaceable . 
  if you 're sick of their shit , you can switch to other parties without `` throwing your vote away '' like voting third party in a fptp system . 
  first of all , there 's no such thing as `` throwing your vote away '' . 
  they myth that third parties do n't count in the us is just that . 
  they do count , but in a different sense . 
  the reason they do n't win national elections is because their supporters tend to be integrated into the base of the larger parties . 
  a green for example might throw his vote behind a democrat who matches some of the promises the green candidate makes because the larger size and funding base of the democratic party means that even if some compromises have to be made , green policies have a better chance of making it on to the ticket . 
  but if that democratic candidate makes * no * compromises to the greens , the green constituency wo n't necessarily vote for the democrat anyway , they 'll vote for the green , which puts the democrat position at risk . 
  so the democrats have to compromise , because refusing to do so could easily sink their candidate - which is exactly what happened in 2000 . 
  furthermore , another big reason why third parties do n't get much traction in fptp systems is that they usually do n't attract the most experienced politicians . 
  taking the us for example , this year of all years would have been the year for the greens or the libertarians or hell even the damn commies to win the election . 
  except the issue is that the greens ran an anti-vaxxer and the libertarians ran someone who managed to be more isolationist than trump . 
  as for replaceable parties , you can do that in fptp as well . 
  it 's why you do n't see too much from the democratic-republicans or the federalists or the whigs anymore . 
  the difference is that those parties were much smaller , and you did n't have a century 's worth of two parties representing broadly two sides of the political spectrum . 
   and you can see the compromise happening in the parliament rather than some shady backroom of the party hq . 
  which is not really a good thing because  if the election results were surprising and one party made big progress , then it 's sensible to make that party a part of the ruling coalition . 
  you ca n't do that if one subgroup of a two-party system loses support . 
  in fact , you wo n't even notice it . 
  of this right here . 
  why was the uk referendum even allowed to happen ? 
  because ukip made big political gains and gained influence in the tory party , thus necessitating pandering to their views in order to cement continued tory victories . 
  in the us , that would be the equivalent of a texas secession party gaining a senate seat and getting influence in the republican party . 
  except the difference is that the republicans in that situation can safely ignore the idiots because it 's only one senate seat , and since the republicans cater to a broad spectrum of politics rather than just one issue , they ca n't cater to the texans without compromising their other compromises with the rest of the right . 
  when positions are n't public , it makes it easier to change them or tone them down . 
  that 's why the eu did n't want the uk making a bunch of public declarations about what it wants on negotiations , because the eu was interested in a fair deal for the uk and the uk making very hardline demands known publicly has put the eu in a position where they ca n't do a fair deal anymore without appearing weak . 
   groups that do n't want to compromise , or are unreliable , are unlikely to be invited for coalition talks again , and other parties will take their place in government while they can be uncompromising in the opposition benches . 
  that 's a self-correcting system , pr rewards cooperation . 
  no more so than fptp . 
  plus , if a party is big enough to block up the system when part of the coalition , it 's still going to be big enough to gum up the works outside the coalition . 
  so that point is moot . 
   whereas fptp rewards it to call the other party the devil incarnated , because you 're never going to be in a coalition with them anyway . 
  that 's a very small subset of very recent politics . 
  hell , even during the cold war years the parties were never that aggressive with each other , and things were much more divided then than they are now . 
  and to say you 're never going to be in a coalition with the other party in fptp is erroneous - nine times out of ten , you have to compromise with the other party because the odds of achieving the supermajority you would need to safely ignore the other party are not great . 
   fptp is n't immune to blockades by a single group either , as the tea party debacle has shown . 
  the tea party is n't really a good example because the blockages in congress during the tea party era were caused by obama 's unwillingness to move unless he could reach across the isle , because the whole time that was going on the democrats had a supermajority . 
   the reason that they are divided is that they are forced to appeal to a motley coalition of all kinds of groups at the same time . 
  that 's a basic misunderstanding of current us politics if i 've ever seen one . 
  the parties are n't divided right now because they 're all coalitions of political ideologies , they 're divided because for sixteen years now the politicians have had exactly 0 accountability to the public , so one party is ready to elect america 's putin while the other party would have been perfectly happy to elect an actual avowed communist if that party 's primary had n't been decided in 2008 . 
   the reason that they are divided is that they are forced to appeal to a motley coalition of all kinds of groups so are bedsheets , but that does n't mean you start putting bedsheets above the comforter . 
   and yet they joined , with popular support . 
  naples and rome were conquered , venice was conquered by the austians who gave it to the french who gave it to the italians . 
  `` popular support '' my arse . 
   you are the one saying that they need to be . 
  i 'm not . 
  you are by defining borders in general as restrictive when there 's no need for that definition . 
  look at the border between the us and canada . 
  there are passport checks , but it would still only take me a couple hours to get from where i am now to toronto . 
   but they do n't have the power to sign treaties with foreign powers , including trade treaties i 've already give you the example in which they would be able to , i wont give it again . 
   so they wanted more protectionism then ? 
  quite contrary to the usual argumentation . 
  well yes !, 
  one of the big issues people had with the eu was that the eu is a highly protectionist institution . 
  except british exports were not benefiting from that . 
  so in the view of the uk , if they were going to be intentionally excluded from benefiting from protectionism in the eu , it would be better to have no protectionism at all and streamline things for industry . 
   and on whose terms do you think these treaties are concluded ? 
  neither one 's terms , often favoring the smaller state actually . 
  it makes no sense for the us or china to extort south africa because doing so gives no benefit and only risks costing a trade deal . 
  you and a lot of other people seem to think that the world is in a constant all-out trade war when that 's not the case at all , most nations prefer to negotiate on even terms regardless of relative economic power because that produces a lot less headaches than trying to extort the other guy . 
   schengen is a separate treaty , the uk had its optout there . 
  ca n't be an argument for brexit . 
  outside schengen but still in the eu is n't much better . 
  you still have to allow for unlimited immigration from other eu members . 
   countries can do whatever they want outside eu law no , no they ca n't , * the fact that they ca n't * *** is the whole goddamn point of all this *** . 
   vietnam has about 16 fta 's and they do n't even go as deep as the eu 's 50 + . 
  because vietnam does n't need more than that and does n't need to go as deep as the eu does . 
  the eu is basically importing everything and exporting everything . 
  that makes it pretty damn hard to negotiate . 
  vietnam has specific things that it imports and exports . 
  it does n't need trade deals with everyone , and it does n't need to trade everything with every single trade partner , so it 's got much more flexibility in how it trades and who it trades with . 
   it 's not nebulous , it 's been consistently observed and documented in academic literature . 
  with no firm and clear definition as of yet because no-one has been able to define neoliberalism outside of a bunch of yuppies in unfortunately high places going `` durr capitalism bad '' . 
   i do n't see what we could have been doing differently . 
  1 : the whole `` unlimited immigration '' thing was stupid from the get-go . 
  how did anyone think that allowing unlimited migration between 2nd and 1st world countries was going to end well for the lower classes of the 1st world countries ? 
  2 : prohibiting member states from signing their own trade deals means said member states have no flexibility when it comes to trade . 
  much better for individual states would be for states to sign their own trade deals but with the backing of the rest of the eu , so that if one state opposes another state getting a deal , the only thing that 's lost is influence in negotiations and not the whole goddamn deal . 
  3 : not continually trying to undermine the authority and effectiveness of nato would be another big thing . 
   reaganomics championed cutting of government expenses , cutting taxes , reducing regulation and reducing the money supply . 
  reaganomics championed cutting of social programs to re-invest the money in private enterprise and the military , as well as reducing regulation and cutting taxes . 
  it had nothing to do with reducing the money supply . 
  and yet still it is very different from austerity , which iirc did not feature tax cuts since the austerity measures were meant to fill the government 's coffers , not change where what was in the coffers went . 
  counterpoint : how much does 200 billion really affect a nation with a gdp of 2.5 trillion though ? 
  physical exports have n't been a major part of the uk economy for some time now . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it entirely comes from wwii and postwar propaganda about the supposed `` mechanical superiority '' of german equipment , when in reality the only nation whose equipment was of worse quality than what the germans used was japan . 
  it 's not that they got the job without a visa as much as it is that they have the job and they continue to reside and work in the country past the visa 's expiration date .
