  and no , i do n't watch cnn . 
   as for making fun , riffing on nationality is a time-honored tradition , it , believe it or not , brings people closer together rather than dividing them . 
  which would be fine if that 's what it was , we give the brits enough of that . 
  but the way the mainland sees the us is closer to how they saw asia and africa in the colonial era . 
   if you think you 're being patriotic by getting defensive whenever someone makes a joke at your country 's expense , you 're hugely mistaken , try some self-deprecating humour every now and then , it will do you good to not take yourself so seriously all the time . 
  it 's hard to when i come here and say some nut say that hitler should have won the war because then europe would n't have to deal with the us and the uk , and then everyone comes and agrees with them . 
   i also ca n't possibly conceive how you 'd think anyone in the eu wants to `` re-fight ww2 '' ( ?! ), 
  or fight any war at all - again do you not read the comments on this sub ? 
  in this thread ? 
   less breitbart , maybe ? 
  i would n't touch that disguising rag if it was the last news on earth . 
  it 's not that we want to fight the russians by ourselves , it 's that fighting russia and mainland europe is a lot harder than just fighting russia . 
  so the idea is to keep the mainland strong enough to delay russia for about two weeks while we mobilize , but weak enough so that if the mainland sells out to russia it ca n't stop a landing operation . 
  well gee , it 's almost as if people become bellicose if you make fun of them with a false steryotype and then call for the destruction of their nation . 
  i 'd love to be friends with the eu , but that 's not gon na happen while the people of the eu27 want to re-fight ww2 . 
  yes - items are decided by unanimous vote and if anyone does n't tow the line the french and germans use the parts that do n't require unanimous vote to make to make as much trouble for them as needed until they fall back in line - something that was previously kept in check by britain . 
  really now ? 
  because the way people here , including you , talk , it seems like you 'd rather us and the brits had let hitler or stalin run roughshod over the continent since at least it would mean a `` united europe '' . 
  i mean if you guys want to go another round just say the word . 
  there are millions of americans who would * love * to finish what we started in dresden . 
  nothing we could really do before then . 
  talk to britain if that 's what 's got you upset . 
  we 've always been supportive of a strong and unified btitain . 
  we 've been supportive of a unified continent as well , but not necessarily a strong one . 
  all the continent is supposed to be able to do is hold back the russians until we can fully mobilize . 
  i 'm pretty sure i mentioned germany . 
  and yes , the eu is basically just france and germany . 
  the two of them if they agree on something have in the past shown they are not unwilling to bully the rest of the union into agreeing . 
  i never said it was regan 's foreign policy because it was n't just his policy , it was the policy of several of his predecessors as well . 
  it is because that policy went on for so long that the internal cracks which eventually caused the end of the soviet union appeared . 
  not at all like vietnam . 
  to even imply that vietnam and europe would be similar conflicts is to be completely ignorant of what the conditions surrounding the vietnam war were and how they led to the us failing to achieve anything . 
  the tpp was supposed to do literally none of what you said . 
  there 's a reason the deal sparked mass protests in the us and the pacific rim . 
  it 's the irl version of `` i do n't know , i did n't think i 'd make it this far . '', 
  why , the eu does n't really matter . 
  it 's just a convenient framework for what would 50 years prior just be a mess of treaties . 
  the one you want to worry about is nato . 
  that 's the force that truly ties europe together , as it 's the one that implies that stepping out of line can potentially be responded to with nuclear force . 
  just remember that your union only exists by our good graces . 
  the eu is nothing and we could quash it in an instant . 
  what makes you think we 're friends with the eu ? 
  we 're friends with britain that 's for sure , but france has never liked us and germany under the surface resents us . 
  and we tried every single one . 
  in the end , the most effective way to deal with the soviets was to force them to spend and debt themselves into the ground , but the only real way to do that was to start the global nuclear arms race . 
  it was the only thing we could force the soviets to spend enough on in a short enough time to have an impact . 
  to be fair your queen is also the queen of england . 
  well and several other states as well but that 's besides the point . 
  probably wo n't hurt the banks at all . 
  london 's financial might has always come from the business it gets from na and asia doing business with each other . 
  all the business dependent on the eu does n't even come close to matching usd clearing alone . 
  right , because all the banks in the city and at canary wharf have said that they 're going to completely abandon britain and every single one of the more than 1 million banking jobs in london are at risk . 
  what a load of fucking bullshit . 
  even the worst-case predictions say 70,000 jobs at the most . 
  still significant , but nowhere near as significant as something like the collapse of the us auto sector . 
   is that before or after you had to be saved from the british by the french , the spanish , and even worse , the dutch ? 
  after . 
  i wo n't deny how absolutely fucking stupid the american revolution sounds on paper . 
  it 's functionally equivalent to what would happen if puerto rico tried to secede tomorrow - a ragtag poorly trained and poorly armed force fighting the single most powerful military force the world had ever seen . 
  the fact that we won even with basically every other major colonial power in europe helping us was an absolute miracle . 
   between that and the bit where you get a heart attack from being fat ? 
  you mean like everyone else does , including continental europeans ? 
   or is it closer to the part where rice farming in mud huts kicked your ass so hard you had to commit some war crimes to make you feel better ? 
  you know what ? 
  you take several thousand troops with next to no training and put them in the middle of the jungle defending a country that is actively fighting you just as much as the people you 're actually supposed to be fighting . 
  no contemporary military would have been able to last nearly as long as ours did in that conflict without wiping out half of both the north and south . 
  hell , the whole reason we were there was because we were bailing out the french . 
   9/11 best day of my life bomber harris did n't do it enough . 
  you 're welcome for saving you all from nazism/stalinism by the way, 
  actually it 's the other way around - the eu ca n't ignore the us and uk without exposing itself to russia by a significant amount . 
  the uk still has the most powerful military force in europe and bae and its subsidiaries are still am absolutely integral part of the us and nato supply chain . 
  while their navy suffers from chronic mismanagement , it 's armed forces as a whole still are in a better position than those of the continent which are either too small or suffer from neglect . 
  eastern europe recognizes this , which is why they like britain ( among other reasons ) , and why if anything one of them will take the # 3 position in nato . 
  and that 's all * before * the fact that we trust the russians more than you lot after the whole de gaulle thing . 
   economic isolation and stagnation , similar to japan . 
   japan  economic isolation you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  oh absolutely yes . 
  the requirements are much more stringent , and on top of that there 's an ass load of paperwork which if even slightly off or somewhat illegible is invalid and everything has to be done again . 
  there 's a reason why people jump the border fence even if they 're perfectly capable of immigrating normally . 
  compared to the us ? 
  it absolutely is . 
  the labor force is not going to dry up . 
  the us banking sector also relies heavily on foreign labor and immigrating to the us is harder than most other nations on earth , including the eu27 . 
  britain 's much more lax system wo n't dry up the workforce unless they decide to start mass deportations . 
  m&a in london has always been dominated by the us and asia , like everything else in london . 
  again , the eu has never factored into it in any significant way . 
  hell , the eu is so inconsequential to britain 's financial sector that the bigger banks like chase are saying that rather than moving operations to the continent , they will instead just move back to new york . 
   12 % of the uk gdp is banking . 
  which basically exists because of the goodwill of the eu . 
  seriously , where do you people get this ? 
  london was # 2 in global finance long before the eu showed up , all the eu did was put london over nyc . 
  all the passporting in the eu could never come even remotely close to matching the business the uk gets from the us and asia that does n't depend one bit on the eu . 
  hell , london clears more us dollars per year than nyc . 
  how you people get to thinking that the euro clearing even comes close to that is beyond me . 
   pretty much the only way to stop this happening is to only read consistently high-quality media that is n't overly partisan . 
  in other words , there 's no way to stop they happening . 
  it 's like a real-live version of `` i do n't know , i did n't think i 'd get this far '', 
  there 's a difference between a nazi dictatorship and a facist dictatorship , that being that nazi dictatorships are specifically dedicated to mass global genocide as the end goal . 
  colonialism was certainly bad , but unlike the nazis even the soviets were n't intentionally trying to wipe out several entire demographics . 
  as for the usa , i have no idea what point you 're trying to make .
