  this might actually work to his favor in the `` not bombing russia '' stakes as i do n't think he 'd even realize a minority independence war in lithuania was backed by the russians . 
  never underestimate the value of having an unfathomably stupid leader surrounded by at least somewhat competent support staff . 
  article 50 has not happened , but the actual referendum has . 
  that 's the key here - a lot of people in very authoritative positions were expecting serious economic consequences ( i.e. 
  more than just a currency drop that was going to happen following the referendum anyway , just not over as short a period of time ) * immediately * following a vote leave victory should one happen . 
  obviously , aside from the currency drop , which we already talked about ... nothing 's really happened . 
  some growth forecasts dropped but that 's been happening globally as it looks like we might have the second global economic contraction in a 20-year period . 
  other than that , nothing , just a lot of baited breath as the world waits to see whether the eu and the uk stay friends or become enemies . 
  specifically the referendum . 
  one of the claims of the remain campaign and of a surprisingly large amount of financial institutions and publications that really should have known better was that * the vote itself * would have an immediate serious economic effect . 
  aside from the currency drop ( which was going to happen anyway since the pound was being artificially propped up on an expectation of doubling down on eu membership ) , no real economic consequences have surfaced yet except for a small reduction in growth forecasts . 
  * that * is what the bbc article is referring to . 
  on the one hand , i wholeheartedly agree . 
  on the other hand , if trump gets elected and the eu continues to act this way , i would fully support punitive trade and travel measures and a full withdraw from nato . 
  the world seems to have forgotten that insulting a us president is something that comes with consequences , and i sincerely hope that whomever the next potus is will remind the world of that . 
  especially a certain regional ally in the mid east . 
  to be perfectly fair , he was not the worst governor in the history of the state of california . 
  i 'd actually like to see what an administration with him as potus , and maybe cuomo as vp , would look like . 
  or maybe reversing those roles would make more sense . 
  putin . 
  trump is trump , china is increasingly collapsing under its own weight and within the next 50 years will collapse fully and start a few regional wars in its death throes , and the eu is plagued by petty infighting and a complete inability to overcome any national differences of any substance despite numerous claims to the contrary . 
  on the other hand , putin has just gotten half the ukraine , and has consistently been able to advance russia 's political agenda even under the watchful eye of the us and nato . 
  if things keep going the way they 're going , he may even be able to do something about the economic situation , and a russia with a not shit economy is a truly scary thought . 
  it depends on whether or not there 's a red scare on and who 's the president at the time . 
  carter would have never bombed russia . 
  kennedy and eisenhower would do it if necessary , but would still be reluctant . 
  absolutely , and the b-52s carrying the bombs would be trailing red white and blue acrobatic smoke while doing so . 
  only if they pay for it . 
  i kind of want to give them spain . 
  can we give them spain ? 
  and you do n't think the same is being applied to you ? 
  like i said , if anything about how you 're describing people in the uk is even remotely true , the us is very much a case of `` same if not worse '' . 
  the more you talk the more i 'm convinced you 've never actually been to the states . 
  the states compared to the uk are very much more of the same if not worse . 
   faux-polite , sarcastic and passive aggressive that 's the south , midwest , and west coast in a nutshell . 
  take out faux-polite and you can include the whole country . 
  no they would n't . 
  eu citizens have a right to travel anywhere in the eu . 
  that says nothing about countries outside the eu . 
  usually accepting a poor and highly politically charged member into your union is not a smart thing to do when 1/7 of your gdp is about to walk out the door . 
  they then immediately tried to cut us off from the international community by requiring bribes for diplomacy . 
  the brits on the other hand immediately opened up . 
  it was clear that to the french we were just a political tool . 
  the brits respected our independence . 
  how do you manage to feel that way about britain yet like the us ? 
  this was maybe a bad time for this . 
  you can save even more costs by using nato command infrastructure , and following nato procurement , and combining operations with nato . 
  the eu army concept is a fucking sham . 
  if europe wants to be a united front that ensures peace on the continent , the member states should just join nato . 
  the organization already has a much better track record with keeping the continent peaceful anyway . 
  the thing is that short-term frankfurt , paris , and dublin wo n't be able to attract significant operations from london , and if enough risk is involved with moving ( which may be the case , given how squeamish chase manhattan bank is about the prospect of moving evergreen a few thousand jobs ) , they may not be able to attract those operations long-term either . 
  and establishing those banking barriers without being able to attract those banks in the short-term will severely harm the other european banking states , like italy , which the eu ca n't afford right now . 
  i do n't think you understand what political correctness is . 
  political correctness is * opposed * to nationalism . 
  in addition , your example is n't very good . 
  wwi did n't turn out the way it did because of nationalism , it turned out the way it did because none of the major nations of europe wanted to be seen as prone to going back on treaty agreements , and thus charged headlong into conflict . 
  if france or britain or germany or some major nation had just taken the diplomatic hit and said `` stop '' , wwi never would have happened on the scale it did . 
  problem was that none of the major powers of europe were willing to risk that breaking a treaty then would result in much more major diplomatic issues later . 
  plus , the cultural transformation in europe post-wwi is the perfect example of `` too much of a good thing '' . 
  most of europe disarmed and planned for peace , and that left them initially incapable of dealing with the one group that * did n't * , which would end up costing the lives of millions upon millions of civilians who might not have suffered had britain and france not demilitarized . 
  that 's more `` tribal '' than `` national '' really . 
  the tensions between the two tribes had always been there and it was likely that such tensions would boil over eventually with or without a nationalistic movement egging things on . 
  my guess is you 're going to see this happen until late 2017 , which is hopefully when brexit talks actually start . 
  right now tensions are high because the europeans see the uk as betraying the eu ( and i for the life of me can not figure out why , i thought y' all never wanted them in in the first place ) , half the britons agree with them , and the other half of the britons now want to move on to reclaiming ireland , india . 
  and possibly the 13 colonies as well . 
  give it like a year and some big hubub in central europe or the balkans or russia or the mid east will cause everyone to move on and opinions on the issue will soften , with the exception of the people on either side who masturbate to their respective side 's flag and will continue to be triggered by this issue until the end of time . 
  the only way to keep this sub enjoyable has always been to just ignore half the threads . 
  this place used to be considered low-hanging fruit on / r/shitwehraboossay . 
  that alone should tell you how bad this place is . 
  given how squeamish europe is about nationalism i think now would be a bad time to mention that every first-world nation that has ever had a major nationalistic movement , including at least two where said movement resulted in major military conflict and tens of millions of victims of genocide , is currently in the top five world economies . 
  but of course , only one of them is * really * important . 
  it just so happens that the one is actually four , and not the original four either since ringo replaced the old drummer who the other three were never really enthused with . 
  but that 's the whole point . 
  the american dream was never meant to be attainable . 
  it 's a sort of social shangri-la designed to keep people working hard even if there was no point to doing do . 
  `` keep working hard and you 'll achieve the american dream , even though you work below minimum wage on an automobile assembly line with no opportunity for advancement . '', 
  please , it 's got nothing on the pan-asian co-prosperity sphere . 
  of you 're going purely by troop and equipment numbers sure . 
  except you do n't measure military strength by pure numbers alone - if we did , north korea would be one of the most powerful military forces on tyne planet abs regarded as a nigh unstoppable juggernaut . 
  but we do n't think of them like that because we know their level of competence is shit and their command structure is terrible . 
  france and britain are similar . 
  britain 's military is smaller , yes , but much more well trained and maintained . 
  their equipment is generally better as well ( and in some cases , actually working , but that 's more of a bundswher issue ) , their command structure rivals the americans in terms of competence , and their logistics competence almost does n't matter since the continent is universally shit at it anyway . 
  that 's a bit insignificant part of why the french and the germans are upset about the uk leaving - incorporating the competency of the uk into the eu military would be the only way for it to potentially rival the us military without being run by eastern europe . 
  this is a fundamental misunderstanding of the american dream . 
  the american dream is a two-story three-bedroom house in the out in the suburbs or the country with two cars and only one family member works . 
  you do n't get that in denmark . 
  except the eu is already leaning on those nations to tow the line or lose funding . 
  the uk is already going for a hard brexit anyway , so the uk taking the heat on this is a favor to e. europe , which otherwise would have significant long-term risk in opposing it . 
  if the eu army was just france and germany it still would n't even come close to matching the military might of the uk , and even with all 27 member states contributing i 'm still not convinced an eu military would be a real serious power unless they let the shoe whole thing be run by a force that 's actually competent , i.e. 
  poland . 
  i mentioned beijing because for now , it 's a major centre . 
  that said , if the chinese economy keeps slowing down , in 10/15 years we may see it melt down completely as everyone realizes the chinese economy was built entirely on foreign borrowing and is n't going to be able to pay back anytime soon . 
  so beijing and perhaps hong kong as well may not be part of that club for much longer , but for now , in the short term , they are . 
  and dubai is small fry . 
  it 's smaller than giving fucking madrid on the grand scheme of things , and is propped up purely by a select few with oil money . 
  it 's the pittsburg of the mid east and as soon as the oil dries up so too will the city . 
  it 's already more facade than reality as it stands . 
  point is , a commodity boomtown like dubai and a centuries-old financial mecca like london are two completely different beasts , and you should n't compare them . 
  no , they 're not .
