  marxists and anarchists are n't any more intellectual than klansmen . 
  they spew just as much psudeointellectual bullshit . 
  the only difference is that while capitalists try to be discreet about taking advantage of the lack of critical thinking skills among much of the population , marxists and anarchists are very blatant about it . 
  how did you ever get the idea that the british were a happy people ? 
  proud maybe , but literally all they ever do is act dreary . 
  you did n't gas a bunch of people to death in cramped prison camps . 
  compared to what the other guys were doing you came out pretty fucking morally white . 
  i mean it seems like easy math : under a monarch britain gained an empire and ruled the waves . 
  under a democratically elected prime minister britain * lost * its empire and wound up coming in fourth place behind china and two shitcountries it had helped systematically destroy not 50 years prior . 
  looking at the broad strokes it is n't hard to see why some people might not prefer the democracy . 
   as a french , i want to know . 
  which other country purposely create colonies of settlers in other 's country ? 
  listen , i hate to be the one to tell you this ... 
  the napoleon wars were an outlier in french history , similar to how the last time the italians conquered europe was rome . 
   as far as i 'm aware schengen is a successful and popular part of the eu . 
  in fact i remember when some countries closed their borders because of the migrant wave they were said to be losing millions of euros every day because of the closure . 
  schengen is popular and was thought to be a near-flawless interpretation of modern open borders until the refugee crisis , which did a lot to expose the weaknesses of schengen , and the fact that countries had to choose between being able to effectively deal with the refugee issue and not losing millions of dollars per day is exactly why the schengen project is not a complete success . 
  the nature of the beast means that it is n't at all flexible and if one nation needs to close its borders due to a crisis it risks harming itself considerably . 
  a semi-open border system like the one between the us and canada would have been a much better option , as it would allow for eu citizens to have similarly free movement to the existing system but would enable countries to have a bit better control of their borders in crisis situations . 
   the euro is quite controversial sure , but is there actual proof that it 's bad for the eu ? 
  the euro is considerably more complex because if the eu had complete economic and political integration , like the us does , the euro would be very good for the eu . 
  however , much like schengen does not allow member states to be flexible when they need to be , the euro does not as well . 
  it 's been theorized for some time that if greece had still been on its own currency it could have mitigated some of the effects of the collapse of its economy . 
  similar , italy would have greater ability to deal with its economic woes , and potentially spain would as well . 
  the issue with the euro is that in the end it is very beneficial for the richer countries but for poorer ones causes more problems that it solves . 
  in the end , the euro came too early . 
  implementation of a common currency should have waited until much closer to formally federalizing the eu . 
  all its done now is hurt some of the poorer economies of the eu and drive euro-skepticism where there need n't have been any . 
  london was # 1 long before britain joined the eu . 
  originally it was due to its geography placing it in an easy place for people from the east and the west to do business , being gmt -0 and all . 
  everything else kind of built up around that and now all the international infrastructure there makes it impossible to replace , kind of like new york city . 
  i could go into detail but i 'm between classes so i do n't have a lot of time . 
  what i do have time to say is that the upper estimates are on about 70,000 finance jobs being lost because of leaving the eu and in a city where more than a million are employed in that sector that 's not crippling . 
   and we can conclude with certainty if the eu is needed or not . 
  that 's not a good connection to make . 
  if britain fails outside of the eu due to not having the single market , all that will prove is the advantages of having very low trade barriers , which is something the world already acknowledges and is generally moving towards . 
  it says nothing about the administrative body that is the eu as a whole , especially when we have already ample evidence that many integral eu policies ( schengen , the euro ) have had either no net benefit or been abject failures in some cases . 
  because honestly they do . 
  contrary to what everyone says , britain does matter . 
  they 're the largest financial center in the world , a unsc member , one of only four other nations the us trusts to have equal intelligence access , third biggest contributor to the eu budget after rebates , and the second largest eu economy . 
  they 're a huge center of business , education , and technology , which is why everyone from polish farmers to american engineers moves there . 
  on the other hand , most native brits do n't leave britain and have no desire to do so . 
  they also spend their childhoods learning about how many times the continent has tried to fuck them . 
  so most brits really do n't give a rat 's arse about the eu . 
  like it or not , britain being in the eu was part of a lot of people 's plans . 
  a lot more europeans ' plans than britons ' plans , in fact . 
  it means they 're going to surround and outnumber the british negotiating team and still lose . 
   now the cheeki breeki will begin !, 
  ftfy, 
  it was n't just the unemployment rate . 
  the devaluation of the pound sterling was to be expected but there were accredited finance professionals who were claiming that a leave vote would immediately cause the uk economy to contract into recession and that every banking job in london would immediately leave for frankfurt . 
  instead what we 've seen is that the economy for now is doing just fine and that the vast majority of finance jobs will stay , and those that leave seem to be trending towards returning to new york rather than mostly going to the eu . 
  how about you keep your mouth shut next time you fat nazi fuck . 
  germans should be seen and not heard . 
  i hope we get to burn dresden to the ground again because of your nation 's insolence . 
  scotland is n't going to leave at all . 
  why the hell would westminster let them hold another referendum ? 
  just do what spain does with catalonia and say `` no '' . 
  there were a lot of `` experts '' who were predicting catestrophic economic consequences for britain if vote leave won the referendum . 
  everyone , even the smart people , were acting like idiots leading up to the vote . 
  to be fair a lot of britain 's resources were also being tied up by simultaneously trying to fight japan in the pacific , and both the uk and the much more resource-rich soviets ended up befitting greatly from american convoys and lend-lease . 
  yeah , i mean it 's not like the french military was far better than the wehrmacht in almost every conceivable way or anything . 
  and all those brits did was totally just sitting on their island , it 's not like they were fighting their way through africa to invade germany through italy or anything . 
  and those nighttime bomber raids that crippled german industry were clearly worthless . 
  educate yourself before you open your mouth . 
  the french only lost due to cowardice . 
  had they an ounce of backbone wwii would not have lasted not even one year . 
  they 're a wierd exception that proves the rule . 
  well to be fair you have the portion of cubans who he had driven out and killed whichever parts of their families did n't or could n't , you have anyone who 's ever worked for the cia happy that after more than half a decade of trying to put the stubborn bastard in the ground he 's finally dead , and then you have the fact that * not * celebrating the death of a murderous oppressive dictator would be just plain wrong . 
  the problem is that white racists killing politicians is old news . 
  we 've been dealing with it in the us since the 1860s . 
  hell , back then one of those politicians was the president and even then there were barely any tweets about it . 
  and quite frankly , 50k is n't even that much . 
  more people celebrated the gifford shooting in arizona and she did n't even die . 
  that 's just what the cia wants you to think . 
  actually , it is n't . 
  fidel is probably the one person who if they managed to execute him at any point in time they would brag about it as loudly as possible , damn any consequences of doing so . 
  ya tend to get like that when you spend like 50 years trying and falling to assassinate the dictator of a communist banana republic . 
  yes , because that 's where the railway hub ( which was the target in the first place ) happened to be . 
  all the dead nazis were an added bonus . 
   i also am fundamentally against trade deals that involve countries that are poorer than your own . 
  so ... you 're against trade deals then ? 
  because the us * is * the richest country in the world . 
  they have , actually . 
  they 've signed a lot of shit . 
  especially a lot of official documents saying they 're a state , and no state is allowed to leave the union because unlike you guys we were actually smart about this and * did n't * give captured territories a legal method of secession . 
  texas is absolutely officially part of the union by conquest if not from mexico than from the csa . 
  and if they do n't like that we 'd be happy to kick their ass again . 
  the issue with your line of thought is that russia sees itself as part of europe in that russia sees itself * as europe * abs regards the rest of the eu as future territory . 
  so yes putin and the oligarchs can not stop the march of history . 
  unfortunately , neither can the eu stop the march of the red army . 
  really ? 
  russia , why did n't you tell us ? 
  we would have shut down norad . 
  they also said that britain would remain in the eu and that clinton would have the biggest landslide win in us history . 
  but what do i know ? 
  it 's not like i 've been saying trump would win and the uk would leave since june or anything . 
   all they do now is undermine the eu that 's all they did before brexit as well , iirc the only thing the eu did they ever actually liked was the single market which was their idea to begin with . 
  the uk is more like the us than the eu . 
  scotland , wales , and n. ireland have about the same amount of power as texas , bama , and kansas .
