  the eu27 does n't even have a stealth fighter of any sort or tanks with chobbham armor . 
   but it will take a lot of time and investment to be `` true equals '' in that regard . 
  not if you do n't plan on developing a carrier fleet and putting as many bases around the world as possible . 
  one of the reasons the us is considered to be as powerful as it is despite russia and china having larger militaries is the fact that unlike them we can have boots on the ground anywhere in the world within 24 hours , and air support in 48 . 
  the us is as powerful as it is because it ca n't be caught out of position . 
  anyone who wants to make a move has a day at most before the vanguard arrives . 
  the idea that all a strong military is good for is fighting wars on the other side of the world is a very short-sighted one . 
  a strong and large military can have many uses , but the most common and most noticeable one is disaster relief . 
  examples of the military being a huge asset to disaster relief efforts can be seen all throughout history . 
  naval ships for example can carry survivors or supplies , and often the same equipment they use to seek out and destroy enemy vessels can be used to seek out people floating among the wreckage of , say , a tsunami . 
  any competent air force often has command aircraft and these same craft can be used to provide a quiet and save c&c center for disaster response operations , to say nothing of the importance of vtols to rescue operations . 
  and between the corps of engineers where 90 % of their job experience building bridges for tanks while being shot at can be easily transitioned into reinforcing a collapsed building while it 's collapsing so it does n't collapse further , and the fact that sometimes you have to admit that an apc can reach places an ambulance just ca n't , and just how much value a large and versatile army can have becomes clear . 
  there 's also a lot of merit to just the training and experience that the military provides in general . 
  it 's not all about the active deployments , and at least in the us a surprisingly large amount of volunteers do n't join because they want to shoot guns at muslims , but just because the military life is attractive to them . 
  and hell , the `` join the military , see the world '' crowd is still very much alive , even if they are n't the most well behaved people in the world at times . 
  my friend 's older brother for example decided to try and train to be a medic with the marine corps , since he wanted to follow in his father 's footsteps and be a doctor of some sort , but he did n't really feel he 'd fit in at med school . 
  he 's currently deployed to ... djibouti i think it was ? 
  there are many other things that come with a large and well funded military besides deterrence - the military for example is usually at the forefront of technological development , and a lot of civilian support structures tend to come with the territory of having a sizable military , so it 's not like there are n't economic reasons for a large and powerful military either . 
  it 's all in how one chooses to structure it . 
  but the whole self-understanding thing ... there 's a difference between self-understanding and self-flagellation . 
  i mean ... the german position makes absolutely no sense to me in a world where the japanese self-defense force a ) exists , and b ) caught shit from * domestic * sources because they wanted to release a patch with a katana on it and since katanas have even the tiniest tangential link to imperial japan half the diet flipped their collective shit . 
  yes wwii happened . 
  it 's also been 70 fucking years and unless merkel is playing a game of chess that has so many dimensions it would cause a quantum calculator to have an overflow error , i think it 's pretty clear at this point that germany could be trusted with a large and powerful military again . 
  or you could at least put in enough money to keep what you have now in working condition . 
  it 's one thing to say `` we 're afraid of our past so we do n't want a large military '' , but it 's an entirely different thing to then underfund your military so severely that half of what you * do * have barely even works , and the other half just * does n't * work . 
  it 's like saying `` i 'm only going to buy one gun for practical self-defense since i do n't like guns '' , and then never caring for the gun you do buy at all basically guaranteeing that if you ever need it all that will happen is it will blow up in your hands . 
  which to be fair still works because the person threatening you is instead going to point at you and laugh and leave you alone out of pity . 
   a conflict we had no interest if romania really had no interest in the conflict , it would n't have doubled its force commitment in 2010 , it would n't have been the 5th largest contributor of forces to the successor mission , and it would n't have even joined isaf in the first place since participation was never mandatory , same as it is for resolute support , which is why france is n't involved in rs . 
  the fact is that showing that romania has the capability to participate and effectively contribute to international missions like isaf and rs is a great way to generate soft power by exerting a small amount of hard power . 
  because of its involvement , romaina gets to go on the world stage and say `` hey look at us , we helped hold onto this thing that big old russia could n't '' . 
  it 's a little hard to understand unless you 've got a good grasp on how the concepts of soft power , globalism , and modern geopolitics mesh together , but what it basically boils down to is that even being seen sitting at the big kid 's table is very , very good for romania in the long term , and afghanistan was the perfect opportunity for romania to get involved in something like that given how much more organized it was , unlike iraq which was a complete and utter clusterfuck and ended up costing several times as much in men , money , and materiel as it needed to . 
  afghanistan , believe it or not . 
  remember , the isaf was not strictly a nato operation - it was unanimously established by the unsc back in 2001 , and while every major nation in nato has since participated . 
  no part of nato was used to drag members into the organization . 
  what isaf * did * provide was a valuable opportunity for many smaller powers to gain soft power by providing a meaningful contribution to the mission - for romania 's part , they had a batallion in zabul , an sog operating out of kapisa , and even had a not insignificant training-division in kabul itself . 
  clearly the romanian people and government were not put off by this , as in 2010 the romanian government doubled its troop commitment , and once isaf ended in 2014 they even joined the resolute support mission , which they ended up being the 5th largest contributor of forces to . 
  the uk is n't the only european nation that dabbles in affairs outside of europe . 
  the eastern europeans understand that in the modern day soft power and global influence are everything and as a result * do * seek to be a part of missions like these that provide valuable training opportunities for their troops so as as to maintain a certain level of readiness and gain international soft power in the process , while exposing their troops to minimal risk and costing a minimal amount of money to maintain . 
  from your own source :  point 14 of the wales summit declaration by the heads of state says :  `` we agree to reverse the trend of declining defence budgets , to make the most effective use of our funds and to further a more balanced sharing of costs and responsibilities ... allies currently meeting the nato guideline to spend a minimum of 2 % of their gross domestic product ( gdp ) on defence will aim to continue to do so . 
  likewise , allies spending more than 20 % of their defence budgets on major equipment , including related research & development , will continue to do so ... allies whose current proportion of gdp spent on defence is below this level will : ''  1 ) halt any decline in defence expenditure ;  2 ) aim to increase defence expenditure in real terms as gdp grows ;  3 ) aim to move towards the 2 % guideline within a decade with a view to meeting their nato capability targets and filling nato 's capability shortfalls . '', 
   the us needs to spend on military to maintain their economy and growth ... you 're not entirely right but you 're not entirely wrong either . 
  the us economy is as large as it is because the us is a huge center of education , a very large commerce and trade sector , with an advantageous geographic location between europe and asia ( similar to britain in this regard ) , and because it has a major technological development sector that has been responsible for the vast majority of technological advances in the modern day . 
  that last part is probably the most important , as it means operating in the us means you can always have easy access to the latest tech , tech that largely comes from ... the us military . 
  take the communications sector as an example - what are we using right now to communicate ? 
  the internet - probably one of the biggest factors in driving business in the modern age . 
  you can reach anyone , anywhere in the world instantaneously for incredibly little cost , you can peddle your goods nearly anywhere in the world , it 's great for business . 
  and it started as a project by the us defense advanced research projects administration as a way to develop a better communications grid within the military . 
  when they were done with it , the project transferred to the advanced research projects administration who developed it into arpanet and continued development along those lines for several decades , eventually merging it with its civilian counterpart , nsfnet ( run by the national science foundation ) , thus creating the `` internet '' ( so named because it was an `` interlinking '' of the two networks ) . 
   there were serious talks of russia joining the eu a decade ago , that would have insured peace . 
  those were n't serious talks , that was berlusconi running his mouth , and he was almost immediately shut down by vladimir chizhov , russia 's permanent eu rep , and vladimir putin himself ... and that happened both times berlusconi has spewed his bullshit . 
  any talks of russia joining the eu had to do with how it was decades away at best if it was going to happen at all , or was weak leaders cozying up to putin not unlike a certain us president-elect . 
   when did europe really need nato as it is , except in defense of this mythological bear-monster that is russia . 
  there was that one time when berlin had a massive concrete wall running down the middle of it with snipers and attack dogs posted everywhere , and when one wrong move would have spelled global nuclear annihilation . 
  also another time when a bunch of crazy serbs decided that the best way to solve a revolutionary uprising in kosovo would be to , instead of actually fighting the insurgents , deport everyone and put anyone who they could n't force to leave into a mass grave . 
   france , germany and italy together have a budget of ~ $ 105 * that 's not a good thing * , and it absolutely shows . 
  take germany for example . 
  should be the strongest military in europe . 
  instead , much of their navy is n't seaworthy , most of their fighter and attack aircraft are not airworthy or are approaching that point rapidly , and half of their leo tanks are broken down in storage with no incoming parts . 
   how many british soldiers have died defending romanian interests several thousand  how many romanian soldiers have died defending us+uk interests . 
  like 20 . 
  actually , there was this country called france that had a larger land army than germany , larger navy , and larger air force , was across the board more well trained , and notably more technologically advanced . 
  it 's a shame they surrendered because their military leaders were incompetent fools who thought that germany would never attack and when the germans did exactly that they were so surprised by this that they never bothered to re-organize their forces and instead ran around like headless cocks . 
  between its member states , sure . 
  but not all of europe is part of the eu , and you tend to be blind to situations outside your own borders even if they 're on your own goddamn continent . 
  if the eu was capable of keeping the peace in europe as a whole and not just inside its own borders , shit like the kosovo war would never have happened . 
   france , poland and germany built tanks with composite armor in their latest batches sorry , i meant chobbham , not composite , there were wwii and cold war tanks with composite armor . 
  of the nato tanks , only the abrams and challenger possess native chobbham armor , and those secrets have not been shared with the rest of nato since the armor is so effective that it 's classified as top secret in both the us and the uk , thus keeping the rest of the eu from having the tech as being outside of five eyes they have no access to british or american classified materials . 
   where do you think they money is going ? 
  clearly not towards maintenance , given the state of the modern french and german militaries . 
  hell , even the 2 % - ers have issues keeping everything well maintained . 
   france still builds among the best ships and submarines . 
  in that they build ships and submarines at all and build them using western expertise , yes , but the quality of what they produce does not come close to matching the capabilities of modern ships of similar type built and fielded by the uk and especially the us , even with the type-45 's aversion to warmer waters . 
   either way , the idea of a well organised eu army instead of nato sounds better to me it should n't , because that would be an unfathomably stupid move . 
  a unified eu military is one thing but it should in no way be viewed as a replacement for us presence unless the eu is willing to either screw over its military personnel for pay and benefits and abandon the concept of maintenance entirely or invest the necessary funds to keep everything well maintained ... something which most of western europe has not shown willingness to do . 
  the us invests something like 6 ~ 700 million every year in its military , and more than 2/3 of that goes to maintenance , paychecks , and the meager benefits we give our veterans . 
  unless europe is willing to meet or beat that , an eu army that replaces nato is simply not going to happen . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  `` peace in our time '' , right ? 
   it can perfectly defend it 's eastern borders without nato with a much smaller military budget . 
  no , it really ca n't , that 's the whole point of nato in the first place . 
  the combined forces of eastern europe are only expected to hold for a week at most , germany is in no position to even field its army right now , and france ca n't hold off russia on its own . 
   the eu outspends russia 3-fold in terms of military with less than 1,4 % of the gdp , they can easily lower that to 1 % instead of being forced to go above 2 % and have no control . 
  and yet the russian military is several times larger than any european force and far better in terms of training , maintenance , and preparedness as well . 
  in addition , the eu has no tanks that employ composite armor , while the russians do , leaving the russians with complete armored superiority . 
  right now , spending about 1.5 % of gdp on average across the continent , the eu can not defend itself . 
  the idea that the eu can take care of itself with a larger force but spending considerably * less * on it is pure fantasy . 
  those `` huge amounts of money '' account for less than 10 % of the defense budget . 
  the vast majority of our defense budget goes towards upkeep and paying salaries . 
  turns out maintaining an army is expensive . 
  that assumes frances weapons all hit . 
  400 is not a large number of nukes . 
  russia 's missile shield is designed to down an attack from several * thousand * warheads , and the decoys that would be deployed along with them . 
  the eu27 can not implement mads without violating the npt to make more weapons , and violating npt would guarantee global thermonuclear war . 
  yeah , berghaus the germans totally were n't the ones who sold you out in the first place ... 
  leo ii 's composite armor works well against traditional tank shells and penetrators but loses out to modern penetrators . 
  in addition , the leo ii 's spall liner is not as heavy as what would be found in an abrams or a challenger ii , making the tank much easier to kill with he rounds or hesh shells . 
  also , the leo 's turret is a fucking horrible design that re-directs any shell that hits the lower turret slope right into a weak spot in the armor . 
  it was a design choice to cut down on weight under the assumption that any leos deployed would be deployed defensively and thus likely in a hull -- down position anyway , but no-one ever bothered to check if that design decision would be actually effective - the germans did n't because they just assumed they were right , and the americans did n't because they did n't expect germany to last more than a few weeks against a russian thrust anyway and expected abrams tanks to be doing the bulk of the work . 
  that 's not an excuse to execute pows . 
  i know right ?
