such as the creation of isis and widespread opium addiction !, 
  isis was n't actually our fault , that started in syria ( hence the name ) , which we never did anything to . 
  it was a natural escalation from the `` arab spring '' protests and coups of a few years back . 
  as for the opium , it 's not like that is n't a major problem in the rest of the developed world as well . 
  in fact last i checked , a not insignificant number of people in europe and the more liberal parts of the us have been trying to bring such narcotics into a position of legality . 
   which hussein was doing with us-support . 
  the us even wanted to shift the blame to iran . 
  yeah the us was totally supporting the guy whose party 's revolution in 1968 signficantly upset our control of the mid east during the cold war , who personally opposed the camp david accords that we helped egypt and israel negotiate , and who started the persian gulf war . 
  listen , i get that you people have really gotten on board with the whole `` anti-atlanticism '' thing , but at least do your research first . 
  the us was n't responsible for every military coup in the middle east , and certainly was n't responsible for the ones that * directly went against us interests * . 
  the us at no point supported saddam . 
  they thought hillary would win big up until trump started winning more than two states . 
  like all good new yorkers , he thinks that every city except new york is a shithole . 
  which he 's not wrong about . 
  what 's the issue here ? 
  every war the us has fought in since the 1900s , with the exception of the european theatre of wwii , has been absolutely pointless . 
  the spanish-american war was based on a fabrication . 
  the mexican-american war was purely one of conquest with no real stakes . 
  we had 0 stake in wwi and no reason to intervene in europe in wwii . 
  i could go on and on ... no , of course those wars are n't pointless . 
  like it or not even the modern conflicts in iraq and afghanistan have had positive effects . 
  the kurds in iraq certainly appreciate not being gassed anymore , and the nato operation in afghanistan has for the first time in decades given people an opportunity to better themselves without having to worry about being stoned to death for doing so . 
  maybe it has n't been perfect . 
  maybe those were n't our intentions going in . 
  but i 'm not gon na stand by here and watch while you peddle your anti-western poison your russian masters want you to sell . 
  regardless of what you think of brexit , clearly it was the right idea if the rest of europe has taste that shit . 
  it 's no different from the eu in that regard . 
  british elections are a bit like elections for the house though , comparing their system to the electoral college is n't really appropriate . 
  actually , it 's brilliant . 
  it means you ca n't win on just the most populous states alone - you have to make concessions to the little guy in the middle . 
  kind of like the eu, 
   germany and italy will need to establish nuclear arsenals and right off the bat you 've now beaten both brexit * and * trump in terms of winning stupid prizes for playing stupid games . 
  violating the several global nuclear arms treaties is not a smart thing to do . 
  honestly i 'm more upset at clinton than everyone else . 
  this was literally a free win . 
  instead , clinton managed to get florida , ohio , and even * fucking pennsylvania * to flip red . 
  the last time pn voted red was * 1988 * . 
  you never know who 's gon na throw the game i guess . 
  of course they did n't , they 're too busy working with us ? 
  why would you waste time messing around with the guys who blew up on the launchpad when * the people who went to the * *** fucking moon *** knock on your door with engine designs and ask you to take a look and see if there 's anything you think needs improving ? 
  sure , when it comes to its own citizens . 
  when you 're talking about foreign nationals actively engaging in combat against said citizens there is no requirement for judicial due process . 
  they 're enemy soldiers at that point . 
  they also said that brexit would never happen and that the mere thought of donald trump running for president was naught more than a joke . 
  this year has been a great lesson in why you should never deal in absolutes . 
  no need to make allusions , this is a debate , there 's always going to be a pro and a con side . 
  like i said , we are n't the first ones to have this debate , it 's something every civilization since the dawn of time has had to deal with . 
  logically speaking , the ideal government is one wherein the most competent possible candidates have power . 
  without some way to determine competence , you wind up with president trump or president clinton . 
  thus meritocracy becomes necessary . 
  taking that to its logical extreme , if there is a way to give the single most competent person power , that should be taken advantage of . 
  that requires a position of absolute power . 
  thus monarchy becomes necessary . 
  therefore , in order to make the most efficient use of both systems , a combination of the two is the most logical solution . 
   it is . 
  and your proof is ? 
   it 's on the shortlist with despotism , fascism , totalitarianism , and theocracy for shittiest . 
  again , where is your proof ? 
   one of them has to be meaningless for that to be true , though . 
  cosmetic monarchy is insulting , and cosmetic democracy is fraud . 
  not necessarily , the british system has a fully-functioning monarchy that presides over a somewhat dysfunctional democratic system . 
  it just so happens that in britain the royal family has had no need or desire to exert its full power and is fully content to devolve many powers of government to the people while matters of head of state remain with the monarch . 
  and the monarchs have exerted their powers in the capacity of heads of state in the past , make no mistake . 
  the issue you have is that you seem to think that political systems on their own are inherently better or worse depending on how much power is devolved to the people when that simply is n't the case . 
  it does n't matter if a government is controlled by a single dictator or 100 elected representatives , how beneficial the government is for the people depends entirely on the people in charge . 
  it 's an ages-old question that every civilization since the dawn of time has struggled with : what is best for both the people and the state - absolute rule by the most competent individual , or collective rule by a coalition of individuals ? 
  one possible point of failure that also has the potential to be a point of great success , or more points of failure that mitigate each other , but also mitigate any benefit they could have for the same reasons ? 
  every political system has its advantages and disadvantages . 
  absolute monarchies for example are much more flexible than democracies - no internal conflicts means that society can be pushed in whatever direction the monarch wants or needs to push it in , but also makes it easier for the monarch to oppress the people . 
  in a democracy , it may be harder for one person or group of people to gain a position from which to oppress the people , but at the same time , human beings are in general the least intelligent form of life in the universe , and if you are bound to the will of the people then there is absolutely nothing stopping them from erasing 168 years of economic growth overnight , alienating most of your closest allies , and driving away the single most important industry to your economy . 
  human civilization has been struggling ever since the first organized societies to find a balance between absolute and collective rule . 
  and no-one has really found that balance yet . 
  ideally , i think , you would have a semi-meritocratic/semi-monarchical system where only the most competent are allowed to run for a public office , but the people decide which candidates to elect to office , while a semi-involved monarch would act as head of state but with all necessary powers to intervene should a crisis situation arise , and with checks in place to prevent this power to be leveraged to attain permanent absolute rule . 
  that assumes a ) that monarchy is inherently bad , b ) that monarchy is objectively worse than any other system of government , and c ) that monarchy and democracy can not co-exist under the same system . 
  none of those are true . 
  and since the mid-1800s they 've been the most reliable allies anyone could ask for . 
  compare that to the other three major nations of europe : germany tried to goad mexico into attacking us and not 30 years later actually * got * japan to attack us , russia is russia , and france wanted us to pay bribes to them to engage in diplomacy , left nato once , and still wants to disband nato even after they came back . 
  that does n't change the fact that england is still entitled to a monarch and that as the head of state that monarch elicits a certain degree of respect , same goes for any world leader . 
  i may not * like * putin or xi , but i still have at least some respect from them because even if they 're absolute dictators , even holding that position without irreversibly fucking everything is * really fucking hard * . 
  neither you nor i could go it . 
  the modern british monarchy i have a ton of respect for because although they do hold absolute power by law they respect the will of the people to determine their own course for now . 
  which , by the way , is a big part of the reason why no-one likes charles : because he 's a meddling asshat . 
  intentionally singing someone 's national anthem wrong is an insult , not a joke . 
  i 'm not even british and this offends me . 
   like how americans force kids to pledge allegiance to the flag a ) we do n't , and b ) it 's literally no different than playing a nation 's national anthem at a sporting event . 
  interesting strategy . 
  the most important actors in this are the eu and the businesses . 
  if you ca n't negotiate a deal with one of them beforehand , assume you wo n't and use that as your basis for negotiations with the other . 
  let 's see how it pays off . 
  not really , it 's probably the only real linguistic middle ground . 
  if the monied elites had wanted brexit , the pound would n't have had 200 years of progress erased in the space of like two months . 
  can always put the castle to siege and take it . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  i thought requiring children to attend places of worship was a practice that died a long , long time ago . 
  you can learn all you need to know about islam without ever stepping foot inside a mosque , same as you can learn all you need to know about any religion without ever visiting a place of worship . 
  the only thing children should be taught about any religion is that they are violent , backwards , and archaic , and until they are wiped out they will continue to hold back human progress by a significant amount . 
  you can do that without having to go to a mosque and get touched inappropriately by an imam . 
  if this was the us and it was a church instead of a mosque organizations like ffrf would be all over it . 
  this is about way more than just `` learning about other cultures '', 
  the issue is n't whether they can make the stuff but whether or not they can get it there .
