  it applies to most of the midwest too , though more as general areas than actual states since we were the ones who divided the land as such . 
  and either way , that does n't matter . 
  scotland willingly agreed to permanent union with england to form the united kingdom . 
  they 've no more right to secede than texas , california , catalonia , cechnia , crimea , wallonia , or any other state in a nation that does not afford them the ability to secede . 
   when the majority of the people of scotland voted against it ? 
  yes , because scotland is n't the entire eu . 
  scots tend to have a distorted view of how much power individual states tend to have over national issues , and this is due a mixture of westminster never giving clarity on the issue and the disproportionate amount of power scotland 's parliament has . 
  in practice , it 's no different in role from , say , the new york state legislature , in the sense that in addition to the federal government the state government also has some jurisdiction over the state - it 's why gas prices tend to differ from one state to the next . 
  the problem is that in the us we have clear limits on the power of state legislatures - ca n't print currency , ca n't regulate interstate commerce - that kind of stuff . 
  on the other hand britain does n't clearly define those limits , and so in my view scots and especially snp tend to take the view that because they have a parliament too their parliament and their vote should have as much sway as westminster . 
  and that tends to create problems like indyref and westminster generally ignoring anything that is n't london . 
  as much as people bemoan the us federal system , i see the current crisis in britain and ca n't help but think that federalism rather than devolution , and a us-style legislative , would have done much more good for the uk in the long run . 
  say what you like about the senate but having a legislative house where every entity has the same representation regardless of size or population is an easy way to ensure that at least one house has to listen to the majority of the country in order to get things done . 
   difference between us and the states is that we 're less likely to do it via udi you think that scotland is going to rebel because of us food and drug administration rules ? 
   we 're having something thrust upon us against our will . 
  * that 's the whole goddamn point of democracy . 
  not everyone gets everything they want * . 
  i mean come on , if us states acted the same way the scottish are acting now we 'd have a civil war every other year . 
  because all of those are actually quite skilled labor . 
  the steryotype is that those fields are low-skill , but actually take the time to look at the people who work in those fields and most of them have at least gone through a trade school , and many had a full formal education . 
  especially with regard to electricians . 
  yeah , if you 've been a miner for 30 years , you totally have the resources and natural ability to just learn a completely new skillset and out compete people much younger and better than you to re-enter the job market . 
  fuck you . 
  by your logic , people who have chronic terminal illnesses should just get better , and if they die they were just lazy . 
  i thought they call you david cameron ? 
  britain is the only nation in the world with an aerospace industry to rival the us . 
  sometimes , the quality of available work trumps the cost of cross-border business , and if you 're doing aerospace in europe there is n't really anything better than britain . 
  and this is why you do n't give guns to the bloody french !, 
  no no , the gendarmie still uses muskets and mine-balls , see ? 
  no , i absolutely did mean battleships . 
  i mean look at [ this thing ] ( https://laststandonzombieisland.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/uss_wyoming_2lo.jpg ) !, 
  what 's with those stupid jungle-gym crows nests ? 
  that would be any american battleship ever designed . 
  since people seem to be talking about warships right now , the anglophile in me felt it only appropriate to mention the most decorated warship in the history of britain 's royal navy , and i believe in the history of european naval warfare in general as well . 
  having served with honor and valor in both world wars , warspite earned a full 16 battle honors over the course of her career . 
  some of her accomplishments include : * was holed more than 150 times during the battle of jutland , still making it back to port * was responsible for the first decisive use of catapult-launched reconnaissance aircraft from a battleship in achieving victory in the battle of narvik * scored the longest confirmed hit on a moving target with battleship-calibre guns against italian battleship giulio cesare , at a range of 24 kilometers * led the battlegroup that sunk three of the four cruisers of the italian zara-class during the battle of cape matapan * survived a hit from a german fritz-x guided bomb , a hit that sank the italian battleship roma , which warspite was escorting at the time * served in every major theater of naval war - the atlantic , the pacific , the mediterranean , and the north atlantic . 
  all while having rudder troubles that had plagued her since jutland and were never able to be fixed * as one last act of defiance , on her way to the breaker 's yard after her decommissioning , she broke free of her escorts and grounded herself off st. michael 's mount . 
  warspite is without a doubt one of the most important parts of the history of the uk 's and europe 's naval heritage , and i 've always thought the decision to scrap her rather than turn her into a museum ship to be a tragedy of the time . 
  needless to say though , she is a force in her own right , and personally my favorite warship . 
  dreadnought or pre-dreadnought ? 
  as i 'm pretty sure the sinking of hms barham was also filmed . 
  my point exactly . 
  that of course assumes scotland actually leave the united kingdom of britain and northern ireland . 
  i doubt it 'll ever actually happen . 
  they 're the quebec of europe . 
  and that 's before we get to the fact that even with spirits running high after the eu referendum there 's a good chance that a large number of scotts do n't really want three referendums in as many years . 
  it of course goes a lot deeper than that but that 's a conversation for another time . 
  dude , have you * seen * what the brits can do when they 're pissed ? 
  fuck nato , you wan na stop the russians in their tracks all you really need is mi6 , two sas troops , a smattering of royal commandos armed with swords , bows , and an umbrella for anti-tank use , and a drunken scottsman . 
  boom . 
  russia defeated . 
  except it 's one thing when you 're talking about utilitarian goods like computers , but supercars are an entirely different story - they 're built for a very specific purpose and even if you 're just buying for the sake of owning a supercar it makes no sense to go with a lesser product . 
  like , you would n't go out and buy a katana just so say you own a sword , there are other bladed implements you can get that are actually worth more than the steel they 're forged from . 
  and is almost 20 years old at this point . 
  it 's no longer representative of the quality of product that mclaren produces . 
  their current production supercar is the p1 and the fact of the matter is that the only reason to chose the p1 over any other competitor is because you specifically want a british car . 
  beyond the metric of `` is it british : yes or no ? 
  '' , the p1 is outperformed in every other area by every single one of its peers . 
  + / - whatever makes my claim still valid, 
  they 're both within the margin of error . 
  i 'm wondering if at some point one of your pms did n't somehow manage to get the country cursed so that every vote always comes out to be 48-52 one way or the other . 
  right , but the veyron super sport , the one :1 , and the laferrari all do all of those things far better than the p1 does . 
  hell , some american supercars do it better , and americans are shit at supercars . 
  that would be fine if mclaren was actually capable of making good supercars . 
  iirc they 're the only european supercar maker that has n't built a car that can break 420 km/hr yet . 
  calling it now , ref 's going to go 48 - 52 remain . 
  you provide a source for yours , since you 're wrong on both counts . 
  we trade more with both mexico and canada than china - # 2 and # 1 partners respectively . 
  and we 're also china 's # 3 - japan and sk are their # 1 and # 2 . 
  i 'm still looking for my source that talked about that being true in terms of profits as well as jobs numbers but in terms of jobs numbers according to civitas , the uk would lose 130,000 finance jobs if all access to the eu financial services sector was cut , or about 6.5 % of the 2 million job finance sector in the uk . 
  they 're already the financial center of the world , and with 93 % of its business not even tangentially related to the eu will likely continue to be so . 
  that by default also makes them the financial capital of europe . 
  the same people who boasted so much about how they were as competent as the uk because * woo look at our new carrier * , and bragged about how they could take the lead in lydia and show how much better allies they were than britain ... and then less than a month later were practically begging for the us or the uk to take over since they could n't manage a war for shit . 
  and you are n't even the largest foreign force in the car right now , that would be the fucking pakistanis . 
   sure as shit is n't the uk who ca n't even afford their own nuclear aircraft carrier . 
  lol . 
  do n't confuse the royal navy being smarter than the marine nationale for them being poorer . 
  the uk has no need of a catapult carrier nor does it need something with the range and endurance of a nuclear carrier . 
  it makes more sense to save money by simply building two vtol mules and get as close as possible to the rule of three . 
  ** you 're goddamn right motherfuckers **, 
  yes , i 'm sure russia wo n't be militarily emboldened by the only competent military in europe being given the finger by the rest of the continent while they also decide they no longer need the help of the single most powerful military force in the world . 
  he might have been talking about the fact that there 's * still * a significant camp over at / r/uk that actually believes that this is all a long con by may to ditch brexit . 
  those are n't examples of good generals who were hungry for battle . 
  ceasar , khan , and barca never had to deal with any other major world powers that could actually match them . 
  and while alexander is admittedly the best military commander to ever live , his goal was n't glory , his goal was the art of battle itself , which is different . 
  hell , in alexander 's mind , he did n't need to seek glory , since he was convinced he was already a god . 
  the eu , both in terms of services that require passporting and services that do n't , barely makes up 7 % of the uk 's finance industry . 
  on top of that , more european firms use passporting to access the uk than vice versa . 
  the vast majority of the uk 's business has always come from the us and asia . 
  to put things in perspective , london clears more usd per year than * new york city * . 
  i never said i was defining populism as currently practiced . 
  populism is a bit like marxist communism - many have professed to practicing it , but none ever actually have . 
  populism has never been about `` the people '' knowing what 's best , it 's about protecting the people from the powerful . 
  it does n't matter how good their intentions are , the powerful will * always * oppress and exploit the people . 
  populism is about mitigating that as much as possible . 
   destruction of their nation , what ? 
  who ? 
  where ? 
  too much of that ` fake news ' maybe ? 
  just reading here is enough .
