   since thatcher , reagan and the fall of the wall , neoliberalism and the belief in austerity is a widespread affliction in the political circles of the eu first of all , you ca n't just go around blaming all your problems on some nebulous concept of `` neoliberalism '' , there are some issues you have to face head-on as institutional problems rather than just blaming a strawman and continuing to suffer those problems a la the uk . 
  second , what does reagan have to do with austerity ? 
  austerity and reaganomics are almost completely opposed - the former involves saving a lot of money an the latter involves winning international conflicts by spending so much money in so many places at once that your opponent ca n't even hope to keep up and is forced to back down . 
  i was n't aware that taking two completely destroyed countries and one wholly depleted empire and turning them into the 3rd , 4th , and 5th largest economies in the euros was n't considered fixing them . 
   you forced japan and germany to give up their military and copy you well given that the latter had just slaughtered thirty million people in the space of five years and the other not only slaughtered twenty million in about nine years but also tried to encourage its population to commit mass suicide when it became abundantly clear they were going to lose the war , i think it 's a pretty good fucking thing we forced them to give up their military forces and copy us . 
   ww2 did n't need the usa to come in the uk 's , and to a lesser extent , russia 's reliance on american naval fighter aircraft , american guns , american bullets , american bombers and daylight bombing raids , american armor , american logistics , american artillery , american destroyers to escort your convoys , american landing ships , and from 1944 on when the royal army could no longer effectively replace its casualties , american troops , says differently . 
  austalian and chinese reliance on all of those things say differently . 
  the fact that the uk could not even defend its own colonies in asia says differently . 
  if we could have won ww2 without putting our allies we would have . 
  but the simple fact of the matter is that on its own , the united kingdom could not hope to deafeat germany - at best they could force a stalemate , which would result in the soviet union having total control of germany and perhaps even italy at the start of the cold war . 
  in asia , the situation was even worse - without the intervention of the united states , singapore , india , china , hell maybe even australia - all of those places would be speaking japanese and serving as second-class citizens in the japanese empire . 
  world war i was one thing , but without the us getting involved japan would not be decisively defeated , and there would be no significant opposition to the influence of the soviet union in europe . 
  not every us overseas mission has been successful or in the right , i will give you that much . 
  but the one thing that can not be argued is that without us intervention in wwii , the world would be a radically different place than it is today . 
  and it would not be for the better . 
  we know we can fix other countries . 
  we fixed japan , we fixed germany , hell we fixed your country plenty after wwii . 
  we did n't cause syria . 
  that ones squarely on the russians . 
   even the fucking us bullshit . 
  we a ) want europe to pay more into nato , not less , and b ) do n't want a quarter of nato 's fighting strength to be in a position where fucking romania cab decide whether or not it actually mobilizes . 
   the uk 's influence inside the eu is part of what makes it valuable as partner for others most of the rest of the world has known for a long time that the uk 's influence in the eu pretty much just extended to blocking integration efforts . 
   i would n't call a first past the post system free or very democratic for that matter . 
  i 'd rather have a proportationally elected legislative power , with appointed executive power , than pretending that a single person can adequately represent the diversity of opinions in a polity of hundreds of millions we do n't - the point of a proportional legislature with a generally elected executive is that , in theory , forcing people to elect one general executive in turn forces them to compromise on their views , with the idea being that would then push candidates towards the political middle , so that the executive ends up being a good representation of the country 's general political views . 
  with the recent trend towards extremism in politics that has started to fall apart , but that 's more an issue of the politics themselves than of fptp in general - with pr you 'd basically get the same result but represented by 1000 people instead of just 1 person . 
   if you do n't count the lingering desire for segregation , political partisanship , high economic inequality , etc unless you 're also going to claim that france is ready to break apart at the seams , economic inequality and political partisanship do n't effect cultural and societal unity significantly . 
  meanwhile the `` south will rise again '' fucks are a lot more of a minority than the media makes them out to be . 
   the eu is n't even mandated with exclusive foreign policy yet , and it 's already doing a lot yeah , it 's been nice to see all those times when the eu has intervened in the mid east under its own power , and all those military exercises they do with the japanese and the south koreans and the indians . 
   why would we want a us-style union ? 
  ask the guy who was talking about it . 
   it certainly was n't a given that the 13 colonies would form a single state right , but not because they were founded separately . 
  the were always referred to , both domestically and in britain , as parts of `` the american colony '' rather than separate entities on their own - this became especially true after the french and indian war , after efforts by franklin to get the colonies to unite on policy with each other and with great britain to defeat the french and their native allies . 
   `` we must , indeed , all hang together , or assuredly we shall all hang separately '' is a quote that might never actually have been said outside of fiction , and if it was in fiction , it was attributed by an author to a character in his works who was a general * during * the war , not franklin before the war . 
   why is n't the usa confederation of independent states rather than a unified then ? 
  for the same reason germany and italy are n't a confederation of independent states rather than a unitary state - relative cultural and societal unity across all domestic regions . 
  that 's two of the three definitions of a country right there . 
   so there is border control if you go from one us state to another ? 
  no , but again , these are all states that are within the same country , not several separate and independent nations . 
   they can set their own trade policy ? 
  yes , actually !, 
  so long as the states make no policy abridging interstate commerce , individual states are well within their rights to set import/export restrictions , and many do . 
   the eu can demand more than just eg . 
  slovenia alone . 
  the issue is that slovenia also has as much of a say as , say , germany , which has completely different demands from slovenia , many of which run counter to slovenia 's demands . 
  so what you have when you go to negotiate is someone saying `` we want to export a-z , but import c , d , q , and y , except now we have nothing because c , d , q , and y are the only things irrelevant shitcountry # 7 exports and is vetoing any attempts at a trade deal '' , resulting in negotiations being delayed years or falling apart completely . 
  whereas slovenia on its own would probably be better off going to a country of similar economic power , or even substantially larger economic power , and saying `` we want to export x and b , we want to import c and d '' and negotiating from there . 
  the fact that most countries and businesses do n't care about slovenia actually works to its advantage since no-one has any reason to screw it in negotiations , unlike with the eu . 
   it 's necessary to have a single market of labor , and to reduce red tape , and to have a meaningful union where people interact beyond the occasional holiday all of that can be done without having completely open borders . 
   we 're not forcing anything , unless you call democratically mandated agreements `` force '' . 
  you 're absolutely forcing these things . 
  the treaties could easily be re-written to not force these things in a way that does n't undermine the eu but the eu parliament and commission have adamantly refused to do so , and given the monetary penalties for violating even small eu regulations , the eu 's method of operation is coercive at best . 
   if you 're independent , you 're not a union . 
  says who ? 
  a union can mean many things , and not all of them require one to give up their independence . 
   if we had to make all agreements in the eu by similar procedures , we would never get anything done . 
  but that 's exactly the point . 
  europe could have made so much more progress without the european union . 
  while the intentions were sound it was the single most flawed execution of those intentions that one could have come up with . 
   which goal are you talking about europeans not murdering each other by the millions for once  which hurt among other things , hamstringing the efforts of developing nations to engage in international trade , and forcing nations to accept harmful austerity measures instead of letting them apply economic fixes that are actually helpful rather than detrimental . 
   which alternative method something nafta or nato style which does n't need unanimous approval for every decision and for which every decision need not be binding , that also allows independent states to express the rights of independent states . 
   we ca n't help it if you prefer daytime tv over actually trying to understand anything that happens outside us borders . 
  try to be a little less culturally isolationist . 
  i can say the same thing about continental europe to a much larger degree . 
  the vast majority of europeans have no idea as to what the actual demographic makeup of the us is , why its political institutions work , or why the country even exists in the first place . 
  because poland is more scared of russia and the us and france are n't exactly led by competent governments at the moment . 
  plus , you ca n't seriously say history is n't starting to repeat itself with the afd on the rise . 
  the reverse is true . 
  need i remind you that the last time we had a unified germany they invaded several nations and killed 30 million people in the space of a few years , while inspiring another nation on the other side of the planet to kill 20 million in about the same amount of time ? 
  actually britain has fairly liberal gun control laws with regards to shotguns . 
  last i checked all semi-automatic shotguns with detachable magazines are considered legal firearms in the uk . 
  that plan has about as much of a chance of succeeding as sealion . 
  german reunification was the worst thing to happen in the 20th century . 
   the uk used being part of the eu decision process to get what they wanted in trade deals , they have little more to give , you will see what i mean when they negotiate after brexit the uk never got what they wanted in trade deals when they were in the eu . 
  that 's part of why they 're leaving . 
   the executive power is accountable to the parliament wich is accountable to the people , this is better than direct election in my opinion . 
  also you presidential debate is a mess this time with both candidates not realy liked by the population that 's not direct accountability . 
  you still have the possibility of a cabal forming in the parliament and appointing an executive to establish a dictatorship . 
  it was bad enough in the us when we let the parties pick their nominee , having a non-directly elected executive is a horribly undemocratic method . 
   i 'm pretty sure no us contry can refuse gay marriage even if they want to technically they can but whenever it happens there 's usually a huge legal battle which gets resolved one way or the other . 
  there certainly is precedent for it , as some states still have enforced laws limiting eligibility for public office based on faith . 
   linking nations economy and diplomacy permanently is a way to ensure that for real and not only rely on wishfull thinking there is no reliance on wishful thinking . 
  you just do n't be assholes to each other . 
  it 's not that hard to figure out  do n't be so sure about that , uk economy and military is not that important for the us . 
  also where do you see hostility , we are still strongly connected with nato and economic exchange ( wich is the biggest in the world ) actually , uk military and economy are very important for the us . 
  london and new york are very closely economically linked , and while we do n't rely on the uk for boots on the ground , their training programs across the board are without doubt the best in the world and we rely on the uk quite a bit to help train our own soldiers . 
  in fact , we have more regular training exercises with the brits alone than most of the rest of our allies combined . 
  as for eu hostility towards the us , the major players of the eu are all very anti-nato , and in economic terms the biggest interaction we had was financial ( which is leaving with the uk ) , and automotive ( which we banned because your automakers have no concept of fair play ) . 
  except the language never rubbed off on any of the colonies that were n't explicitly colonized by britons rather than just conquered . 
  no , the reason why we use english on the internet in today 's modern society when britain has no bearing on the world is because today 's world is the world of the pax americana - the american peace . 
   access to the schengen area give lots of bargain power to every member , especially in trade relationship , believe me or not the uk has not many things to negotiate in a trade deal but used the eu to solve that the uk was never a part of schengen . 
  in addition , the uk 's trade power has always rested in its financial services sector , which it does not depend upon the eu for . 
   the eu is democratically elected , we elect the parliament directly with a eu wide vote , than they elect the executive , many europe nation works just like that that 's not a freely and fairly elected executive , and effectively renders the highest office of government unaccountable to the people . 
  that is very undemocratic and one of the major problems with politics in europe . 
  a true democracy has a freely and fairly elected executive that is directly appointed by the voting public , not appointed by a legislative body . 
   also you are outward-looking only now , in the 19th and early 20th century you were very isolationist not true , actually . 
  starting from the monroe doctrine of 1823 , the us was actually fairly involved in world affairs , we just did n't want to get involved in europe beyond trade because we saw no need to be continually drawn into petty conflicts between nations . 
  the us was especially active in the last half of the 19th century - we * were * responsible for the convention of kanagawa after all . 
  do n't confuse not wanting to get dragged into european wars without good reason for not wanting to interact with the outside world . 
   but you are not independent , you are in a union of states , can minnesota make international deal ? 
  no , we 're not , no more so than england is a union of states or france is a union of states .
