  as an american , the reactions from both sides immediately after the referendum disgusted me , but the european reaction much more so . 
  it 's like if canada and mexico stated cheering for the blue states to secede every time a republican won the general . 
  we went through that shit already . 
  it cost more american lives than any conflict before or since , and that was using muskets abs bayonets . 
  oh it absolutely is weakness . 
  cameron has no idea just how much he fucked over the uk by not just holding the referendum , not just not having a plan in place in case he lost , but mostly by leaving as soon as things got hairy collapsing the government and forcing his successor to pick up the pieces in an impossible environment . 
  the eu wants a commitment which the uk ca n't give because it 's still trying to figure out what it 's position is , much less take inventory of what assets and connections it can use to leverage an advantage in negotiations - this is why the g-20 summit is so important for britain . 
  but at the same time may ca n't just come out and say they need more time to get their affairs in order before they can commit to anything because then the leave right will accuse her of igniting the will of the british people and the result of the referendum and will drum up enough support for the tories to need to coalition with ukip in order to maintain power , and that will guaranteed a worst possible outcome as the new pm would rush blindly into art 50 and end up getting reamed by the eu . 
  this is just as ridiculous as the the claims that brexit puts the future of the eu at risk , or that the eu will bend over backwards to give the uk a deal . 
  not likely . 
  he 's probably the person most interested in a neutral deal rather than an eu-advantage or uk-advantage deal . 
  for the same reason that israel cared about american support when what they really needed was arab support , or why south sudan cares about eu support when they really needed african support . 
  when you 're declaring independence it 's not as much who is supporting you as much as that you 're being supported at all , especially when it comes to a world power like the uk . 
  uk support of catalonian independence would be * huge * for the catalan people . 
  easy way to reply : promise catalonia to support their independence . 
  done . 
  are you going to try to win a strategic air war against an island nation with a vastly more competent air force by using light bombers this time too ? 
  because clearly that worked * so well * last time . 
  ever heard of rolls royce ? 
  that may have been true before the advent of high-speed internet and modern telecom , but it 's not true now . 
  clearing houses are a huge part of the nyc financial center , and the city does clearing for everything from the yen to the yuan to the euro . 
  the big banks in london have been constantly talking about moving their offices to the continent but their clearing to nyc when brexit happens . 
  no-one has an interest in doing financial work on the continent . 
  i think this is the best possible outcome for the uk . 
  here is a man who believes in the european dream but knows that everyone has limits . 
  verhovstadt as negotiator is the best chance britain has to keep passporting in some form as he recognizes that refusing them that will make an enemy of the uk and harm the odds of bringing them back to the table later on . 
  he does n't exactly want to tell the uk to fuck off either . 
  personally as someone on the pro-leave side of things , i think verhovstadt is the perfect choice for both sides . 
  he 's pro-federal europe , but also recognizes that such integration is n't yet fully palatable to most of europe , hence why he wanted to create the associate member status . 
  specifically for the uk 's situation , he 's smart enough to know that even if the eu27 has more bargaining power , the uk is n't exactly a nation the eu can afford to piss off - the british have a lot of connections and are willing to make a lot of new ones to preserve the city - even if those new friends are the eu 's enemies , and the last thing the eu needs is for the uk to get buddy buddy with russia . 
  verhovstadt also knows that revocation of passporting rights is a red line for the uk . 
  they will not budge on that . 
  so i think what the eu position will be is that the uk will choose between either goods access our services access , but not both , and will have to accept some freedom of movement with europe in return . 
  essentially , britain will have to choose whether to kill off its manufacturing or financial sectors - one of the two will disappear after brexit . 
  the power dynamics are weird . 
  germany is perceived as the head honcho because it has a lot of soft and hard power that it uses often . 
  germany has always seen the eu as its own personal oyster , its means of clawing back from its defeat in 1945 . 
  but specifically because everyone sees that , germany does n't like using its power because it wants to be seen as totally different from pre-1945 germany . 
  so germany often tries to solicit the true major power broker in europe , the uk . 
  now you might think this is wierd , because the uk seemingly is a 2nd tier nation in europe now behind france and germany - how can you claim is got more power than both of them combined ? 
  well the reason is that it 's the strongest military on the continent aside from russia , it 's a major financial powerhouse , it has close relations with several major external powers due to five eyes and the commonwealth , and it has a permanent security council veto . 
  but modern britain does n't use any of this . 
  modern british politics is `` ignore the rest of the world and continue to get rich at the current pace '' , and generally ignore the rest of the world . 
  occasionally america comes along and you send some troops with them . 
  occasionally germany shows up and asks you to propose something to the eu for them so you send the proposal ( not even a delegation , just the proposal ) , and do n't even put in the effort to vote on it yourself ( in fact you really do n't care about meps at all beyond the fact that having them gets you more money ) . 
  occasionally france shows up and yells at you and you tell him to sod off . 
  sometimes he shows up with a plan to prank germany though so you do it for old times sake . 
  sometimes the eu shows up and gives you some money to hand out to the irish and welseh and scotts and english and you stuff it into your pockets as soon as they leave because why would you waste perfectly good currency on mere peasants ? 
  speaking of france though , france alternates between trying to fuck america , trying to fuck britain , and trying to fuck germany , and generally falling at all three . 
  though right now they 're in an odd position where they 're trying to do all three at once and actually doing fairly well with it , though with great personal risk if they succeed since success would be smashing up the eu and watching germany crumble . 
  then there 's everyone else and they kind of just go along with the big three 's lead . 
  and complain about not getting enough nato protection . 
  except that 's not the case at all with any of the nations that are actually strong enough to be relevant to nato . 
  the scandanavians and eastern europeans are all far too familiar with the russians to put their petty squabbles above nato , and the british are perpetually in the back pocket of the us anyway . 
  and the problem nations - germany , france , spain , portugal , belgium , and italy - are all far too weak militarily to be a threat to anyone other than each other , and if they did all decide to leave nato ( unlikely ) or begin infighting ( less unlikely ) , they would quickly find themselves under pressure from several close neighbors and extra-continental forces that are each individually capable of wiping them all out in one go without even having to think about resorting to nukes . 
  turkey and greece is not really comparable to the balkans and europe as a whole . 
  the turks have never really subscribed to the whole west vs east conflict and only ever saw nato as a means by which it could strengthen ties with europe by hosting nukes and missile defense units , as well as keeping the black sea fleet from accessing the mediterranean . 
  it does not however have any loyalty to nato as recent events have made plain . 
  the balkans on the other hand know the value of nato and respect that over their conflicts with each other , especially with ukraine in the state it 's in . 
  eu or no eu , so long as nato is around , those parts of europe that take it seriously ( the uk , scandinavia , and eastern europe ) will be fine and will find it easy to work together . 
  the problem states are as you said , the western continentals - austria , germany , italy , france , belgium , spain , and portugal . 
  and the simple fact is that if any of those nations choose to betray nato and the general peace of the world ( for a third time in a row in at least one case ) , the simple solution is that if they want to upset the balance than the full force of nato will be brought down upon them like so many vengeful norse war gods . 
  there will be as many dresdens as there needs to be , and this time there will be no mercy and no marshall plan to rebuild therm . 
  again , you people act as if nato does n't exist . 
  the eu had nothing to do with the resolution of the balkan crisis , it was 100 % the work of nato . 
  amongst the nations of the balkans and eastern europe as a whole nato has always been a major unifying force , much more so than the eu . 
  and i would expect that after all this time the nations of western europe know how to behave themselves . 
  if the germans and the french and the spanish are so insecure that the moment they 're not in an alliance they go back to raping and pillaging each other , then by all means they should be allowed to do so . 
  nato could only grow stronger by removing the nations that do n't take it seriously , and europe as a whole would benefit from the western continental nations no longer stifling the more civilized parts of europe by stealing from them in order to prolong their own inevitable slide into irrelevance . 
  why does everyone think a breakup of the eu would somehow lead to russia dominating europe ? 
  it 's not as if nato is going to cease to exist . 
  actually , for me it 's the opposite . 
  i 've been to the uk three times , been to all four states , been to just about every castle you have , but i 've only been to london once and for about one day at that . 
  maybe 20 years ago , but these days , especially for services , moving your business could n't be easier . 
  business will milk the damage control for as long as they can and be safely away the moment the deal becomes final . 
  the uk should remember what happened the last time it demilitarized and immediately reverse course . 
  unfortunately for venice , england is far superior to venice when it comes to getting renaissance naval units first . 
  ahh , if only . 
   it is worth remembering , that he tried very hard , perhaps too hard , to avert another catastrophic world war , but he was n't deluded and knew when war had to be declared bullshit . 
  he sold the czechs out to the germans , and wanted to sell out the poles as well . 
  he was a coward and a traitor to his allies . 
  not until you give us your oil . 
  an actual full-scale military campaign ? 
  probably not . 
  a proxy civil war perpetuated by the russians in an attempt to put a pro-russian annexation group in power or at least a part of the country , like what happened in the ukraine ? 
  absolutely . 
  is n't that what nato 's for ? 
  not exactly . 
  in terms of being a single unified market it 's great . 
  in terms of being one of the most heavily regulated and pro-employee markets in the world ? 
  not so much . 
  because the financial capital is n't going to move to the eurozone - it 's going to stay in london anyway . 
  the infrastructure already exists there , and the long-term costs of moving to the mainland are not worth the long-term risks of the mainland governments nationalizing the banks ( which the mainland governments have had an increasing desire to do ) . 
  what a lot of the eu-ites do n't seem to get is that an eu sans britain is not going to be banking of business friendly . 
  it 's not `` oh albion is gone now we get to fuck over our populations and reap the benefits '' , it 's `` oh albion is gone now we can restrict business even more '' . 
  meanwhile the british government will be perfectly willing in the coming days to fuck over its population for the sake of maintaining foreign investment . 
  it 's like a complete reversal of thatcher - rather than fucking business for the sake of the eu , fucking the people for the sake of business . 
  you are simply wrong . 
  the first objections came from britain over the possibility that ttip might infringe on the national health service . 
  in addition , there have been numerous protests in the states as well ever since the deal was announced , mostly coming from anti-globalization groups but also from the new left as well .
