  what continental europeans who try to make your argument constantly forget is that the us states were never operated as separate foreign entities - they were always just 13 parts of the whole american colony . 
  it was an entirely different situation than , say , france and spain , which were two separate and distinct countries for most of their history . 
  in the us , our national sense has always applied to the us , not the states , whereas in france or spain or the uk , the boundaries of national identity are very clear . 
   can 1 state refuse to ratify gay marriage now ? 
  yes actually since it 's not a constitutional amendment , states can indeed have laws that abridge federal laws on the state level , but if a legal case escalates to the federal level that decision takes precedence over the state law . 
  colorado is a good example , where marijuana is legal for consumption in that state but still classified as schedule 1 under federal law . 
   we passed the 20th century bombing each other and than hating the other half of the continent , the eu is necessary to resolve conflict that arise , also an economic union is very powerful when dealing with outside economic power , like the us and china and no part of that requires nations to give up their independence . 
   i do n't know if the usa administration will choose the uk over the eu , frankly i hope it does n't come to that and we can come to good terms with the uk it is in every one interest , but i see a lot of problem after brexit with the eu becoming increasingly hostile to us interests you can guarantee the us is going to chose its more reliable ally over its less reliable one . 
  we 've already had the french try to leave nato once , we 're not going to risk that they poison the rest of europe with that attitude and let them handle something that we actually need . 
  the uk on the other hand would probably launch a land invasion of china on their own if we asked them to , so we generally trust them more on an international level . 
  it 's disappointing that our only mouthpiece into europe is now leaving the decision-making process on the continent , but that 's all the more reason to prop them up enough that they continue to influence it anyway . 
  why do you think we 're speaking english right now ? 
  america wins . 
  other than that , there are no rules . 
  ... what ? 
  the news has always been that france , germany , and most of the rest of the eu opposed it while britain was trying to push it along and failing . 
  the eu never gave the uk any foreign power - as you said , it was always a vehicle to resolve issues * in europe * , and largely ignores the outside world . 
  the us , nato , and the un have always been much more appropriate vectors for the uk 's foreign power . 
  also , our union is not the same as yours . 
  there 's a lot of things we have that you lack - for example , a freely and democratically elected executive , relative cultural and societal unity across all domestic regions , and a fairly outward-looking government . 
  europe is too undemocratic , too culturally diverse , and too isolationist and protectionist for a us-style union to work . 
  not to mention a lot of us view national independence as paramount . 
  our situation in 1775 essentially what britain is going through now but with a lot more shooting . 
  our nation was born and baptized in fire , ripping itself out of the chest of the greatest superpower the world had ever known . 
  then we look over at europe and we see that you all want to throw that away for no good reason , and we 're perplexed , and in some cases , a little miffed . 
  i wo n't like - in the us , there is a * tiny * bit of a `` we saved them from the germans for this ? '', 
  sentiment . 
  you 'll never hear it discussed publicly , and not many people actually share that view , but it 's there . 
  the rest of us are just confused as to why sacrificing your independence is necessary for europe to be strong and unified . 
  we do just fine with canada and mexico here , and none of us have to give up border control or external trade control to do it . 
  we do n't see why the eu ca n't exist without prohibiting member states from signing their own trade deals , and we do n't see why the eu ca n't exist without member states having zero control over how many people from other member states come over . 
  the way we see it the eu was formed because the nations of europe wanted to work together . 
  and our response is `` so then do that ? 
  why does doing that mean forcing things no-one wants on the whole continent ? 
  why does doing that mean giving up your independence ? 
  why do you have to hurt yourselves so much to achieve something which you do n't need to hurt yourselves to accomplish ? '', 
  that is why we over here like the uk so much more than we do the eu . 
  that 's why we view the uk as `` trusted ally '' instead of just `` that place where the holocaust happened '' or `` that place that loses to england all the time '' . 
  because the uk actually makes sense to us . 
  i know my own country 's history thank you very much . 
   in the usa federation no state can leave even if it desperately wants to . 
  right , but we have a good reason for that rule - last time it happened the states we let go immediately turned around and started a shooting war . 
  since he started advocating for it 's second largest member economy to leave the organization . 
  the us is n't blowing off anything - the eu has soured it 's relationship with the us by rejecting ttip . 
  us support of the uk post-art 50 is absolutely a bargaining chip , as the uk doing well outside the eu would end the organization as the more euroskeptic members are able to build their support for an exit of their own , and a close trading relationship between the us and uk is a great way to ensure the uk does well outside the eu . 
   frankfurt is in prime position to become the financial capital of the world frankfurt is n't even in prime position to be the financial capital of europe , not to mention somehow replacing metals trading , dollar clearing , general infrastructure and competence , centuries worth of foreign connections ... 
  the eu does n't have as much power over london 's status as everyone seems to think . 
  about all they have power over is the euro clearing but that ca n't be taken away in its entirety without causing a major international incident , and it does n't even account for a significant amount of london 's financial competence . 
  the difference between in and out of the eu for london has always been nothing more than whether or not it beats new york , and nothing more , and the few thousand jobs that would leave with the multibillion euro clearing are nothing compared to the few hundred thousand in the multi - * trillion * metals trading , which is n't leaving any time soon . 
  not really . 
  while trump certainly does have a vested interest in putting his country where his mouth is and tearing the eu apart , clinton is a career politician and knows that there is a lot of political clout to be won and a nice image of soft power to be had in ensuring the three most powerful women in international politics ( herself , merkel , and may ) maintain fair and amicable relations with each other . 
  essentially three margaret thatchers all standing next to each other at a press conference waving to the crowd makes for a nice image in the front page news . 
  i guarantee you her plan is to wait for the us general election and court the new administration with an easily resolved foreign policy issue . 
  most of us only care about the eu27 for tourism , with the exception of ireland . 
  we 've never really liked any of you except britain . 
  ... what ? 
  the us and japan have always cared far more about britain than europe ever has . 
  traditional british food has some winners of its own too . 
  just none of it is fancy shit . 
  you also have a terrible track record with regards to mechanical engineering but i gather you 're not unhappy about that particular steryotype . 
  when a country reduces its research or transport of health budgets , are those things done because they 're negative or harmful ? 
  not in the least . 
  similarly a good portion of anti immigration reasoning in the uk has to do with the fact that there 's a crush on housing and jobs right now so maybe a huge influx of prior who ca n't build their own home is n't the best thing for the country right now . 
  ya know what will really show britain how much they lost by leaving the eu ? 
  allowing a very big and very important bank to fail . 
  and if you look at their criterion , you 'd see just how completely bullshit that report is . 
  there are exactly 0 nations capable of getting a 10 in any one category , much less several . 
  the thing reeks of being a bought-and-paid-for sham . 
  yeah , after arguing that not having directly elected executive branches is undemocratic , i 'm going to think that the us , in which the general population even has input as to who even gets * nominated * is a dictatorship a la north korea . 
  and switzerland is not the most democratic country in the world . 
  you do n't get to have an unelected executive and claim that you 're the most democratic country in the world , those are two things in antithesis of each other . 
  they 're bit a dictatorship , no , but they 're not a true democracy either . 
   the rafales planes it carries are also the only foreign-made jets out there able and authorised to land on american air carriers . 
  * cough * harrier * cough *, 
   the election of the executive branch by the legislative branch is very common and very much democratic . 
  no , it 's not . 
  that 's a horribly undemocratic way of doing things actually . 
  we 've been the guinea pigs of democracy for 240 years now , how have you people not realized than unelected executives are not great yet ? 
  a multi-role aircraft does exactly what it says on the tin - it is expected that it can be configured for air superiority and ground strike missions of various types and be able to perform at least adequately in both roles . 
  strike fighters are kind of like a midway point between multi-roles and dedicated ground attackers . 
  they 're expected to carry a substantial strike package of air-to-ground ordnance , though not as large as one a dedicated ground attacker like the frogfoot or the warthog would carry , and while they do have some token air-to-air ordnance and are less disadvantaged in an aerial encounter than a dedicated ground attacker , if they 're engaged in air combat they 're most likely the defender rather than the aggressor and rather than trying to eliminate the opposing aircraft , it 's most likely trying to disengage towards friendly aircraft or anti-air systems to give it support . 
  in the case of the f-35 , its stealth and avionics systems will allow it to perform a * little * better in the air-to-air role than other strike fighters , to the degree that it if manages to slip out of radar contact it could potentially turn the tables on an enemy aircraft , but air superiority missions are not the primary concern for the f-35 . 
  that will likely fall to the f-15 for the next few decades at least , since the f-22 was cancelled after the israelis and the japanese proved that it was indeed possible to modify an f-15 to be able to effectively deal with 5th generation stealth aircraft , which would be less costly an an experimental stealth fighter program . 
  multi-role duties will likely remain in the hands of the hornet and the f-16 . 
  another thing to note about the f-35 and why it ca n't be a true multi-role even if it tried is that the thing that makes the f-35 unique - it 's stealth - severely limits what you can actually fit on the aircraft . 
  on stealth aircraft , everything has to be stored internally . 
  external weapon pylons and mounts are one of the biggest contributors to an aircraft 's radar signature . 
  what that essentially translates into is that you ca n't carry a substantial strike package without seriously compromising on how much air-to-air ordnance you carry , so you ca n't do what the hornet and the rafale and the f-16 can do , which is fire off a brace of air-to-ground missiles and then use the remaining stock of air-to-air missiles to provide air superiority over the strike zone while the next flight comes in and replaces you . 
  okay , you still should n't compare multirole aircraft to dedicated strike fighters . 
  the design parameters are completely different . 
  even as a multirole that still puts it in a different category than dedicated strike fighters . 
  like i said , the tornado is probably a better aircraft to compare the f-35 to . 
  the rafale would probably be more comparable to the strike eagle ( which despite the name is a multirole rather than a dedicated strike aircraft ) . 
  is n't the rafale a fighter-interceptor ? 
  that 's not a good comparison for a strike-fighter . 
  would n't the panavia tornado be a more appropriate platform to compare it to ? 
  do n't forget all the american cowboys and mexican farmers and outlaws and native american tribes running around in the country . 
   being drunk off your ass does n't get you fined in the uk unless you commit another offense . 
  it 's the same in the us . 
  if you could get fined simply for the act of being drunk , there would be no bars in the us .
