  it also amazes me that people seem to think services economies care about borders and barriers . 
  new york has more barriers between it and the rest of the world than any other major financial center and it 's still a * very * close # 2 to london 's # 1 . 
  and on the other side of the pond , london clears more dollar transactions per year than nyc itself . 
  ultimately , uk exports and low skill industry will take a huge hit , but the economy will still be fine - high skill tech and service jobs will continue to flock to the uk . 
  brazil and india are very unstable and corrupt , so no place on the council . 
  italy and germany are former nazi dictatorships , so no place on the council . 
  the us system is bad but it 's certainly not third world , and in some ways better than what europe has . 
  most of the issues with amtrak from from the fact that it 's always broke and therefore ca n't always fix issues , and the fact that in the more rural regions the lines are not owned by the government but by the freight lines , so passenger trains get second priority . 
  in the urban areas , amtrak works really well - my weekly commute to nyc is always good , and though my monthly commute to rochester is plagued with delays , i generally ca n't complain . 
  the service in both regions though is the best service i 've ever had on a train , public or private . 
  my two months in italy , france , and spain , the trains certainly ran smoothly and on time , but the service was nonexistent - in italy the conductors were rarely seen after checking tickets , and in france and spain they were dismissive if i went to inquire about the route . 
  amtrak conductors by comparison tend to take a more casual tone and that really helps the service a lot . 
  i would still prefer a private system that costs more but cab actually have the available capital to meet capacity rather than a state-run system that has lower ticket prices by necessity but ca n't meet demand . 
  yeah students wo n't be able to buy a train ticket from new york to sacramento on one summer 's job 's salary anymore , but that 's a small price to pay for a rail system that actually works . 
  the democrats would love to fix it , but they lost any opportunity to do so in 2010 when they lost control of congress . 
  in 2008 the democrats were handed a rare opportunity - complete and total control of the government . 
  everything they had promised to do could have easily been done in those two years . 
  instead , for whatever reason , they refused to pass anything unless it had strong bipartisan support . 
  the only reason i can think of for them to do that is if they truly did n't actually want to do all the things they promised and were only looking to get in power through lies and misdirection . 
  do n't even get me started on the reasons why the aca turned out how it did . 
  it 's one of the reasons i ca n't respect obama and the dems anymore . 
  and whenever i hear about nationalization of railways , i always thank the us that show us how equally bad of an idea that can be . 
  ugh , and do n't even remind me of acela . 
  what a fucking shit-show that is . 
  makes sense . 
  rogers was one of cameron 's men , and one of the people who thought there would be no need to plan for a leave win . 
  in all likelihood , he has less of an idea on how to go about this than may does . 
  if they could go down that road they already would have tried . 
  this is n't mad , russia ca n't retaliate . 
  she 's not john either so at least for now she 's doing fairly well . 
  actually , the problem with our police forces honestly is that they 're not militarized * enough * . 
  mps and military assigned to patrol duty are actually better at police work and deescalation than actual police - though that probably comes with the territory of not knowing if the bundle the woman screaming in arabic outside the base is holding is her baby or a disguised mortar shell she plans on detonating , and knowing that you 're absolutely fucked if you call it wrong . 
  by comparison , your average leo lacks the stakes and motivation to actually resolve a situation and keep calm under pressure rather than just shooting/tasing the sus . 
  ooh , expelling officials , so scary . 
  russia wants to hit us ? 
  we should hit back twice as hard . 
  i would love to use russia as a test case to see if cyberattacks can cripple a county 's economy . 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  if that had been an eu value , britain would n't have voted to leave . 
  not when it 's that self-depreciating . 
  the folks at / r/uk would nuke themselves with trident given the chance and believe they 've saved the world in doing so . 
  it 's a leftist circlejerk and a very unhealthy one at that . 
  a much better circlejerk would be a healthy leftwing circlejerk , though with 2016 being 2016 none currently exist , or a healthy rightwing circlejerk like / r/murica . 
  yes , because most of those will be worthless dis to interception . 
  modern anti-bm systems actually work * really * well for what they 're designed to do . 
  as good of an author as vonnegut is , his take on allied strat bombing campaigns is about as valid on belton cooper 's take on the performance and effectiveness of the sherman tank - which is to say , it 's absolutely not valid at all . 
  the timing of the firebombing of dresden means nothing . 
  just because your side is clearly winning does not mean you let up your attacks , as you never know for certain whether or not an enemy can counterattack . 
  american war planners during the korean war were convinced they had achieved victory and relaxed their attacks and defenses and that got them pushed back all the way to the 38th parallel . 
  it 's the same bullshit argument people try to use against the nukes . 
  what it comes down to is that at the time of the dresden campaign nazi germany had not yet surrendered and was thus still a threat . 
  taking out the rail center and preventing the germans from moving fresh troops and supplies between fronts made a significant contribution to the war ending when it did . 
  dresden was also no different from any other allied strategic bombing raid . 
  american , british , and even soviet strategic bombing had always focused on destruction of as much infrastructure as possible - civilian casualties were not an objective . 
  taking out the infrastructure will end a war faster than taking out the population . 
  this is in stark contrast to german and japanese bombing raids which were explicitly for the purpose of inflicting as many casualties as possible upon the enemy , especially in the smaller , less militarily powerful states . 
  furthermore , neither the british chief of staff , and * especially * not the air chief of staff , criticized the bombing . 
  hell , the air chief of staff was arthur harris , the man who would be perfectly willing to trade every german city and every german citizen if it meant saving even one briton . 
  get the fuck out of here with your bullshit neo-nazi talking points . 
  dresden was also a vital german rail center and instrumental to any plans to move men and materiel between fronts . 
  it was also a major industrial center , but the industry was not the primary target , the rail marshaling yards were . 
   there are millions that wish guns would go away entirely and those millions of people fail to realize that in america gun ownership is a fundamental human right and the whole reason we even exist as an independent nation in the first place . 
   these morons aka trump supporters even wanted a law to pass where teachers in grade schools , around children would legally be allowed to carry guns !, 
  the law was n't stupid because the teachers would be around children , the law was stupid because sros are already a thing . 
  that said , i can see the rationale behind such a law , as currently teachers have little in the way of options to defend themselves and their students outside of being the chem teacher and having a ready supply of acid to chuck at the shooter 's head . 
  there certainly is a way to implement such a plan responsibly though , problem is it would require substantial retraining and would cost a small fortune . 
  an ak or an ar is perfectly functional as a hunting rifle . 
  actually , they might be a bit on the small side - most modern ak and ar pattern weapons fire . 
  223 , the civilian variant of 5.56 mm nato . 
  however , for most large hunting game at medium range ( deer , caribou ) you want something bigger , like a .308 , the civilian market version of 7.62 mm nato . 
   that is not true . 
  fps games are n't the only games . 
  fps is n't the only genre where you play as the americans . 
  nor is it the only genre that is so heavily nationalized . 
  go look at any game out of japan with a near-future setting and count how many of them still manage to be set in japan even after shit like the complete breakdown of all society or massive tectonic activity that re-arranges the continents themselves in but a few days . 
  which does n't make sense since in general poles are white . 
  this map clearly is n't right , texas is far too small . 
  now that i think about it the pact rather than ussr itself would have been a better choice . 
   can they ? 
  when nobody is selling . 
  and as your source states , china and russia * are * selling , and argentina is already in talks with china . 
   can their antiship missiles repel the eurofighters stationed on the islands ? 
  there are only four eurofighters on the islands . 
  a concentrated surprise raid a la the six day war could potentially put that unit out of action . 
   half of argentine navy is unfit to go out to sea and britain 's type-45 ddgs have engine troubles in warmer waters , like those around the falklands . 
   they are unlikely to finish any deal in time before the uk 's carriers become operational in 2020 . 
  the uk 's carriers are not the issue , it 's the f-35 that 's the question . 
  it does n't matter how many carriers britain has of it has no aircraft to carry . 
  not a false equivalence , in the broad strokes a scotland that decided to break off from the uk without westminster 's approval would be exactly like the secession of what would later become the csa states . 
  unless of course you believe that the civil war was actually about slavery rather than preservation of the union . 
  which , given that you 're scottish , the emancipation proclamation was designed to make you lot think that was what the war was about , so 2 - 0 lincoln vs europe i guess ? 
  you can leave nato or nafta , and you could technically leave the pact . 
  both were conquered from their native populations , and both wanted to break off from their union because they felt like their rights were n't being respected in said union . 
  the only difference is that the csa was generally lower education and the upper economic classes were markedly more racist . 
  i mean the article is right there , it comes straight from britain , not the us . 
  never said brexit was a good move to begin with . 
  following up a bad move with another bad move usually does n't fix the first bad move . 
  and look where he ended up : with his johnson stuck in a pig for all the world to see . 
  the eu is n't a federal state . 
  for now at least , it 's like nato , nafta , and the warsaw pact had a love-child .
