  thanks , i guess ? 
   stereotypes for each of the following stereotypes , please tell us which country 's people you think embody them . 
   aggressive germany 29 % united kingdom 10 % romania 8 % bulgaria 6 % poland 5 % united kingdom 31 % the brits are so aggressive that they took two places on the list for themselves . 
   turkey is also working on widening the definition of a `` terror crime '' to cover those who use the media `` to support or praise acts of violence , '' a senior official from the akp said wednesday . 
  would n't that mean erdogan himself is a terrorist ? 
  i remember him supporting the war against the pkk at the very least ... 
  russia * is * a part of europe . 
  theoretically , they could join the eu . 
  i hope not . 
  i wrote `` return to sender '' on the envelope . 
  you 've clearly never used deutsche post . 
  the last few bombs i send never even arrived . 
   something i seem to note : new parties with a potential to get big get called far/extreme left/right . 
  anyone with a example of a new party that is n't extreme/far ? 
  the pirate party , which i think is a large part of why they failed so badly . 
  they were n't radical enough for most of the protest voters and general nutters , yet also too outlandish for the general public . 
  on a related note , is n't it kind of a given that new parties are generally on the fringe ? 
  mainstream political ideologies are already have their established place . 
  that 's sort of what makes them mainstream . 
   but everyone in the council is voted for . 
  how are they then unlegitimised ? 
  because they have n't been legitimised by the european electorate as a whole . 
  i would n't have any problems with that if they only had a veto power ( as the upper house usually does ) , but the fact that an assembly of politicians that each has been chosen only by a small part of the european electorate has more power in regards to the head of government than the actual parliament strikes me as sort of perverse . 
   the parlement has a sort of legislative power [ ... ] asking someone for a favor is n't exactly a power . 
   i think it makes sense that the commision needs to have a member of every state . 
  did n't know that that was the case but i get that they need that to make sure every country has a say . 
  that would make sense , if not for the fact that every commissioner swears to represent the eu rather than his own country . 
  the whole system of the commission is based around the claim that their individual nationalities do n't matter . 
  i 'm with you on most points , but claiming that the eu does n't have a problem with the democratic process is a bit questionable . 
  where do we even start ? 
  maybe with the fact that the european parliament can not , for some reason , propose legislature . 
  only the commission and the council of the european union can , neither of which is legitimised by a popular vote . 
  or the fact that both the commission and its president are chosen by the european council , another unlegitimised ( is that a word ? ), 
  institute , instead of the european parliament . 
  the parliament only has a veto right , and even that only for the nomination of the commission as a whole , instead of individual commissioners . 
  or the fact that the commission has to include one member of every member state , like it 's the freaking burger king kids club , instead of just letting the president pick whoever he thinks is most capable . 
  or ... well , you get the idea . 
  `` the original european project was designed , to put it bluntly , by and for nation states which had disgraced themselves in the 20th century . '', 
  wait , did she just throw france , belgium , the netherlands and luxembourg in the same pot as germany and italy ? . 
  is n't the interest rate in finland already extremely low ? 
  i do n't know the first thing about economics though , so i do n't know if there 's more to it . 
  not entirely true . 
  the germans living in the former border regions of the reich had such different customs and dialects ( not to mention a much lower level of education ) that most from the `` main land '' only saw them as germans by virtue of their ancestry . 
   and the last guy comes up aggressively close to our faces and ridiculously said `` boohoo , yes , we should be punished , executed in public , what are you gon na do , we 're not in the eu anymore , you ca n't do anything ! '', 
  and loudly laughed in our faces . 
  `` one morning , as gregor samsa was waking up after the brexit referendum , he discovered that he had changed into a political caricature . '', 
   people used to accuse people of being crazy for saying the eu would result in a single currency . 
  i imagine they said something along the lines of `` no shit , you crazy idiot . 
  '' , seeing how the eu and the euro were both established with [ the same treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maastricht_treaty ) . 
  for the kind of people who believe in that idea , pretty much everything looks like evidence for their views . 
   politicians have the power to do many things . 
  merkel could declare war tomorrow and there would be no opposition since she has the spd and gauck in her pocket . 
  it 's a drastic and unrealistic example but merkel is holding all the strings in germany . 
  that 's ... [ not how it works at all ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/verteidigungsfall_ ( deutschland ) . 
  firstly , germany ca n't declare war at all , only determine whether it 's being attacked . 
  secondly , it 's the bundestag ( with the approval of the bundesrat ) , not the chancellor , that declares a state of defense . 
  thirdly , if you seriously think the spd ( or any german political party , for that matter ) would go along with a declaration of war just on the whims of the current chancellor , you need to get out more . 
  the eagle has always been a symbol of germany . 
  the bellamy salute was inherited from the italian fascist movement , and was used more as a symbol of global fascism rather than something specifically roman . 
  you could say hitler was inspired by proxy , since many of the roman symbols came to be associated with power and dominance . 
  but as far as i know , hitler never consciously modelled any part of his empire on the romans - if anything , he was more partial to roman rebels such as arminius . 
  well , his idea of arminius , anyway . 
   you can get angry that he mentioned hitler , and say that he failed godwin 's law and that he was incredibly rude to do so , but what he said was completely accurate . 
  what makes me angry is that what johnson said was completely inaccurate , and he should 've known that . 
   there ( 1 ) have been people trying to recreate the past glory of the roman empire , ( 2 ) these include napoleon and hitler , and ( 3 ) the european union is not blind to this legacy either and is trying to latch onto it . 
  yes for ( 1 ) , a shrug for ( 3 ) ( i have no idea what the eu is trying to accomplish ) , but a firm no for ( 2 ) . 
  hitler had no european ambitions , no dream for a new roman empire . 
  his goal was always a greater germany , including all german-speaking people and a large part of eastern europe , to be used as food basket and source of slave labour . 
  from what we can tell , hitler had no interest in western europe at all , beyond defeating them and weakening them to the point of being unable to rise against germany again . 
  for a long time , he refused to make any announcements regarding the future of western europe . 
  only after the tide turned did he finally approve a vague rhetoric about an anti-bolshevist alliance under the leadership of germany , although even then he did n't want to make any concrete concessions . 
  source : mark mazower - hitler 's empire tl ; dr : the hitler/eu analogy makes no sense historically . 
  does that mean you 're going to finally throw out those pesky irish ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irony#types ), 
  your reply leaves me with a bit of egg on my face . 
  you seem to imply that it 's very basic knowledge in political science , but i genuinely ca n't recall gesinnungsethik/verantwortungethik ever being brought up in my studies . 
  i even went back and took a quick glance at the topics for my introduction courses , and * politik als beruf * apparently was n't part of it . 
  that 's not to say that you 're wrong - it 's been a while for me and i 'm not the most attentive student anyway - but it still leaves me confused when the article implies that said ethics dichotomy is common knowledge in every political discourse in germany . 
  if that really was the case , you 'd think even i would 've stumbled upon it at some point . 
   a german lawstudent who is interested in politics : i never heard of either gesinnungsethik nor verantwortungsethik . 
  thank god i 'm not the only one . 
  sociology and politics here ( still working on my bachelor though ) and i 've never heard of them either , despite the fact that weber is fairly important to both subjects . 
  might be i just slept through that lecture , though . 
  i assume most commentators who ask `` why are they still refugees then/why does n't germany do something against this ? '', 
  have n't read the article , so i 'll summarise the reasons here . 
  according to german law , unemployed people may go on holiday for up to 21 days . 
  there is no need for them to report where they will be going . 
  should a job centre advisor learn about it anyway , they have a duty not to divulge personal informations about their clients . 
  as such , the federal office for migration has no legal basis for taking away their asylum status . 
   german attitudes towards their own country are shameful . 
  this is what makes / r/europe so great . 
  i do n't even have to figure out what i feel towards my own country , because here , hundreds of kind strangers will do that for me . 
   she did invite them . 
  [ no , she did n't ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ ) . 
  i should point out that the source for these numbers is apparently the think-tank migrationwatch , which has the explicit goal of reducing the number of migrants to the uk . 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/migrationwatch_uk#reaction_to_the_group ) , they 've been accused several times of twisting numbers in their favour , so the conclusions in the article should be taken with a grain of salt . 
   it 's a conscious political policy pursued - according to the article - by the spd . 
  i quote : `` a reform of germany 's citizenship laws was one of the major modernization projects of the past 20 years '' . 
  so the status quo was that everyone is citizen of only one country , but then immigrants were afforded the right to be citizens of two countries . 
  a political decision , pure and simple .
