  receives net federal funding equivalent to 21.9 % of state gdp . 
  alabama - voted romney , red state . 
  receives net federal funding equivalent to 19.1 % of state gdp . 
  indiana - voted romney , red state . 
  receives net federal funding equivalent to 16.4 % of state gdp . 
  anyone else starting to see a pattern here ? 
  or on the flip side , let 's look at the top 5 contributors . 
  delaware - voted obama , blue state . 
  contributes net federal funding equivalent to 20.6 % of state gdp . 
  new jersey - voted obama , blue state . 
  contributes net federal funding equivalent to 14.4 % of state gdp . 
  minnesota - voted obama , blue state . 
  contributes net federal funding equivalent to 11.7 % of state gdp . 
  nebraska - voted romney , red state . 
  contributes net federal funding equivalent to 11.2 % of state gdp . 
  illinois - voted obama , blue state . 
  contributes net federal funding equivalent to 10.5 % of state gdp . 
  it 's really crazy how the poorest states are the ones that complain the most about federal government spending . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i do n't know much about the status of the church in the soviet union , but were n't they officially an atheist state ? 
  in that case , i could see why the number of churches would explode after it fell . 
  on the other hand , i have no idea about the schools . 
  that seems like a crazy drop . 
  link to the article and/or numbers ? 
  i 'm asking which assets were sold for pennies . 
   selling assets for pennies what assets are you talking about in particular ? 
  i 've heard about opap , but that was sold at just under market value . 
  the greek government 's stake in opap had a market value of $ 745 million at the time of the sale , and they actually received $ 712 million for it . 
  that 's not 100 % of market value , but i would hardly consider it `` pennies '' . 
  debt is not inherently bad . 
  if you 're able to get more benefit out of the borrowed money than the money costs , then it makes sense to borrow the money . 
  an overly simplified example - if a country takes out a $ 1 billion loan at 2 % interest per annum ( or $ 20 million per annum ) , but that loan allows them to invest in projects which will grow their economy by $ 50 million per annum , then it makes sense to take out that loan . 
  that 's the same thing you said in the previous post . 
  i guess we just have different interpretations of what it means for a `` bond vigilante to come knocking on your door . '', 
  regardless , `` bond vigilantes '' would not come knocking any faster than the bond allows them to knock , which is what the above poster is implying . 
  and ... ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  that has nothing to do with `` bond vigilantes '' coming to knock on spain 's door . 
  you ca n't come knocking any faster than the bond specifies ... 
  as someone who recently moved from nyc to atlanta , i 100 % agree with this . 
  in atlanta , public transportation is nearly nonexistent , and you ca n't walk anywhere down here . 
  i was so bummed out when i realized that i had to buy a car . 
  you do n't really notice it , but you get a lot of exercise just doing your daily activities in nyc since you just walk around everywhere . 
  down here you just walk 10 feet and hop in your car . 
   or that a power outage is considered a normal occurrence during a thunderstorm were you staying in bumblefuck , idaho ? 
  i 'm from new jersey and power outages have happened maybe 3 or 4 times in my life . 
   caused a ~ ~ furor ~ ~ f\u00fchrer by threating germany ftfy, 
  this is such a reddit comment . 
  to think the poor are worse off today than they were hundreds of years ago with literal serfdom ... lol, 
  i put in my personal pin number at the atm machine . 
  i 'm not talking about one guy here . 
  i 'm talking about the entire 3 million people that make up the top 1 % . 
  also , what he said about his tax rate was very misleading . 
  oh man , i got tricked into buying schorle when i went to austria , thinking it was apple juice . 
  was so disappointed . 
  no , i think he 's saying they speak romanian to each other . 
  not actually do their work in romanian . 
  it 's not that out of the ordinary . 
  i know some hispanic people in my company that talk to each other in spanish , and some middle easterners who talk to each other in arabic . 
  i do n't think he was talking about the userbase . 
  i think he was talking about the 2nd most used language within the company itself . 
  though i have no idea whether or not that 's actually true . 
  then again , i do have 2 cousins who work at microsoft in seattle so i guess i could ask them . 
  so if you believe that science is untrustworthy in order to make logically sound decisions , what do you propose as an alternative ? 
  you say science is behind the curve . 
  what is ahead of the curve ? 
   greeces gdp is around 15 % smaller than it should be , it 's 30 % -40 % below 2008 trend . 
  the 2008 trend was very much overinflated . 
  look at the more long term trend . 
  http://i.imgur.com/hjqkvjz.png that 's not to say that their economy is at capacity , but just saying that continuing the 2008 trend would be completely unrealistic . 
   if greece defaults , the others will also take a hit . 
  a debt writedown might actually be a smaller hit . 
  is n't this assuming that the greek writedown would be completely isolated though ? 
  i think one of the political issues that the creditors have to consider is that a further writedown of debt in greece will embolden parties in other countries to ask for the same . 
  a default in greece could have a smaller long term impact than a writedown . 
  considering ss wo n't be around by the time i 'm old enough to collect , ~ ~ and i do n't use medicare ~ ~ , i do n't see how those are n't taxes . 
  edit : sorry , confused medicare with medicaid . 
  i always do that . 
  anyway , we started this conversation talking about high earners . 
  i do n't think they 're going to be the ones making money on ss and medicare . 
   100k to 250k is only like 13 % . 
  that ca n't be right because i 'm at a lower tax bracket and i get taxed much higher than that . 
  my take home pay is about 70 % of my gross income . 
  i make $ 50k gross and my take home pay is just under $ 35k . 
  ** edit ** : actually , that 's a mistake . 
  out of that , $ 3000 is my 401k contribution , and $ 500 is my health insurance . 
  add that back in , and i 'm still only taking home 76 % of my gross though . 
  thanks !, 
  that does help . 
  so it 's like the camden , nj of europe . 
  do rappers in europe talk about how they 're hardasses because they come from the streets of belgium ? 
  damn , i was talking to my brother and he pays about 40 % on his normal income and about 50 % on his bonus . 
  i would have thought the us would be lower than a commie euro country . 
  edit : by the way , i work in the same industry and have always wondered , what is the correct way to pronounce that ? 
  i 've heard so many different pronunciations . 
  the 3 main ones i 've heard are my-ersk , may-ersk , and mersk . 
  it 's strange because they have the polar opposite stereotype in the us , as being quality contractors . 
  my mom actually just got a polish dude to renovate her house last year . 
  the major loophole that i hear people cite is that capital gains are taxed at 15 % , but that 's only for long term capital gains . 
  short term capital gains ( i.e.
