what in bread makes you fat ? 
  are you one of those / r/keto nuts or something ? 
  they did this for us in elementary school . 
  you had to write a short summary and get it signed by your parents any time you read a book , and then there was a chart in the class that gave you a sticker for every book you read . 
  it was motivating for the students who were already motivated . 
  i imagine most kids who were n't already motivated did n't really give a crap . 
  silicotton valley - alabama that 's my fav . 
  just a hint of slavery . 
  if you 're looking at the nutrition facts on the website , it does n't include the sauce . 
  that 's really the worst part of the sweet onion chicken teriyaki . 
  that sauce is packed with sugar . 
  if you do n't put the sauce on , it 's probably not bad , but the sauce is the main reason most people get the sandwich i assume . 
   east london tech city ( also known as tech city or ** silicon roundabout ** ) lol, 
  i remember when i was in college , i worked part time as a picker at a warehouse . 
  every week they would post results for the past week for how much volume each worker was able to go through . 
  i always found it kind of lame . 
  i wonder if we can slowly annex canada by just moving the border posts half a km every night when they go to sleep . 
  you 're not providing any more relevant info ... it 's more relevant than nothing . 
  i 'm not talking about the amount of locations in the us . 
  i 'm talking about the amount of locations globally . 
  i do n't see any information comparing the amount of locations specifically in europe . 
  sorry , wrong guy . 
  point is the same . 
  i was just saying that subway has more locations than mcdonalds overall , so it is not the case that mcdonalds is more popular because it has more locations than any other chain . 
  you can argue about whether or not it tastes good . 
  i was just saying it 's not unhealthy . 
  it fits perfectly well into a healthy diet . 
  bread is not unhealthy ... 
  sugary sauces , yes . 
  unless you 're on an atkins diet , eating 40g of carbs is not unhealthy , especially if you work out . 
  recommended daily value of carbs is ~ 250-300g , or higher if you 're very active . 
  you said mcdonalds has more locations than any other chain , which is not true . 
  if you specify the country , then sure . 
  but overall it is not the case . 
  subway has more locations than mcdonalds . 
  subway can actually be healthy depending on what you get . 
  of course if you order something like sweet onion chicken teriyaki , or slather your sandwich in mayo , you 're not much better off going to subway . 
  that 's funny because i actually do call it dessert coffee when i put creamer/sugar in it . 
  i like to drink dessert coffee after dinner sometimes . 
  did n't lithuania also defeat napoleon ? 
   i think you can really blame the airlines carrier yes  i think you can really blame the airlines carrier just as much !, 
  lolno, 
  so we agree that your original point about inflation being double counted is not the case , right ? 
  if you want to use us gdp rather than gwp , the multiplier would be 8 instead of 19 . 
  i 'm using an inflation-adjusted figure to multiply by an inflation-adjusted ratio . 
  you can de-inflate and multiply both as nominal figures . 
  the result will be the same since you 're just changing both numbers by the same factor ( i.e. 
  inflation since 1945 ) . 
  the nominal marshall plan amount was $ 13 billion , and the nominal global economy today is 175 times bigger today than it was in 1945 . 
  so multiply the $ 13 billion by 175 to get to a comparable number . 
  you get the same result regardless . 
  by that logic , people who send their kids to private schools should n't pay for public school property taxes since they 're not using those resources . 
  americans who work abroad are only taxed if they 're high income earners , and they 're only taxed at the difference between what they would have paid in the us and what they actually paid in that foreign country . 
  was n't austria the heart of the habsburgs ? 
  they do n't seem too interested in a federation . 
  that only adjusts for inflation . 
  it does n't adjust for the fact that the global economy today is almost 20 times bigger in real terms than it was back then . 
  also , that is only the money that greece received from the marshall plan . 
  the above quote that i was responding to was talking about the money that all of europe received from the marshall plan . 
  my guess is that they 're only accounting for inflation , and not accounting for the fact that the real inflation-adjusted global economy is much , much bigger today than it was in 1945 . 
  after adjusting for inflation , the real global economy is 19 times bigger today than it was in 1945 . 
  so take the inflation-adjusted marshall plan amount ( $ 120 billion ) , and then multiply it by 19 to get to a more comparable figure . 
   with how dependent britain has become on the financial services sector which would happily move ship to frankfurt to stay within the eu zone should you vote to leave why are you so confident of that ? 
  london has been the financial capital of the world since long before the eu . 
  it 's not some recent development . 
   its not corruption in the sense of bags of money being handed over for building contracts which things like transparency measures . 
  i 'm not sure where you got that , but that 's not what that measures . 
  here is their definition of corruption . 
  * '' [ corruption is defined ] as `` the abuse of entrusted power for private gain '' . 
  corruption can be classified as grand , petty and political , depending on the amounts of money lost and the sector where it occurs . 
  grand corruption consists of acts committed at a high level of government that distort policies or the central functioning of the state , enabling leaders to benefit at the expense of the public good . 
  petty corruption refers to everyday abuse of entrusted power by low - and mid-level public officials in their interactions with ordinary citizens , who often are trying to access basic goods or services in places like hospitals , schools , police departments and other agencies . 
  political corruption is a manipulation of policies , institutions and rules of procedure in the allocation of resources and financing by political decision makers , who abuse their position to sustain their power , status and wealth . 
  * ''  the huge dissatisfaction with congress/senate seems to reflect that the us is not the only country that has huge dissatisfaction with elected representatives . 
  i always hear about how the us is a very corrupt country . 
  do you have any sort of study or index or something else to back up that statement ? 
  the only corruption index that i am aware of ranks the us pretty much in line with most of western europe . 
  http://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/results coincidentally , exactly in line with ireland . 
  as for why china and india experience a lot of corruption , i think that has more to do with them being developing countries than it does with them being large . 
   greece unblocked the sale of a 51 percent stake in piraeus port and has invited cosco and two other shortlisted investors to submit binding bids by september . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/15/eurozone-greece-piraeusport-idusl5n0y60u320150515 greece still retains at least 51 % ownership . 
  not sure of the exact number , but cosco does not own 2/3rds . 
  does the us really print an abnormal amount of money ? 
  just looking at the money supply of [ the us ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sucotb7.png ) vs. [ the euro ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lv8jlfh.png ) , they look relatively similar except the growth in the usd being a bit more consistent . 
  i think the american left and the american right both have the `` spend and spend '' ideology . 
  they just like to spend on different things . 
   unless they 're expecting interest payments too . 
  that 's how a loan works . 
  this is n't free money . 
  it 's a loan . 
  https://www.usaspending.gov/transparency/pages/statesummary.aspx?statecode=nd&amp;fiscalyear=2014 here you can see the majority of it is going to the department of health and human services . 
  so most of it is to help them pay for their healthcare . 
  nope , military spending is not included . 
  edit : https://www.usaspending.gov/transparency/pages/statesummary.aspx?statecode=nd&amp;fiscalyear=2014 most of the money is going towards healthcare spending in the state . 
  splitting red/blue states based on the last presidential elections , let 's look at the top 5 receivers of federal money as a % of state gdp . 
  north dakota - voted romney , red state . 
  receives net federal funding equivalent to 89.6 % of state gdp . 
  south carolina - voted romney , red state . 
  receives net federal funding equivalent to 26.7 % of state gdp . 
  kentucky - voted romney , red state .
