my ocd is tingling . . a lot !, 
  walloons speak just french and maybe some english . 
  dragging down the average . 
  this made a little too much sense , if that is at all possible . 
  clearly . 
  documentary . 
  21 so far it says here . 
  i am from the count 's hedge . 
  i like how germany is seen as most trustworthy of all countries except for greece who in turn view themselves as most trustworthy . 
  we should send this guy . 
  you were born without tastebuds . 
  funny how spain is orange while national colour is red and netherlands is red while national colour is orange . 
  i 'm going to move to france and expect them to learn dutch . 
  the hague : international city of justice . 
  and why would you ? 
  you 're not a frank , you 're a frisian !, 
  this is exactly why we ca n't share the same country . . 
  i 'm glad you managed to dodge all the heterosexual-devouring gay godzillas . 
  it 's good that they really take a stand against gay marriage in the us , just look at our country we 're totally fucked , the gays ruined everything by being able to sign a paper that grants them a basic form of a legal relationship . 
  the horror !, 
  i think you could also argue that most women end up where their boyfriend/husband lives . 
  which is mostly in urban areas . 
  friesland can into big !, 
  and i would be okay with that . 
  not only that , but you would have us as neighbors . 
  we would be so rich if we had the ruhrgebiet . 
  i actually went to ameland 3 years in a row , while the german attendance was quite high , it was nowhere near sustainable levels for tourist dependable notions . 
  amsterdam is always full , but it 's a shitty city so i do n't care . 
  i do n't really think tourism is that big of an industry over here . 
  mostly cold and bad weather , not much to see here . 
  do you still have any schicklgruber 's around ? 
  and for frysia it must be `` de vries '' . 
  oh belgium you and your pedophiles . 
  russia is just fucked up . 
  all the `` smart '' people leave the country to study abroad and stay there because returning just is n't worth it . 
  edit : i am sorry to to touch upon a soft spot . 
  but learned people are leaving russia in rapid tempo to seek carreers abroad . 
  at least we know putin is a fair man . . oh wait . . 
  that is not an actual quote by churchill . 
  especially considering they are basicly `` honorary nordic '' , have a high rate of education and high rate of english literacy . 
  norway is still quite religious . 
  even though their politics might be fairly progressive , religion keeps holding back some moral issues . 
  russia would not be high on that list . 
  as long as we keep it , i fear for our tolerant ideals with some people in charge . . 
  it 's like we try to americanize our society to something shitty and america wants to try to europeanize theirs . 
  tremble before our superiour tolerance !, 
  everybody else gets their overseas territories . 
  even moreso because sint maarten , saba and sint eusthatius are cities within the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  brits are a bunch of whiners . 
  they think if they complain they can get more power . 
  everyone who speak dutch speaks english as well . 
  so why bother ? 
  statisticly , the dutch part of belgium is better . 
  they are richer and they speak 3 languages instead of only french . 
  i wo n't be surprised if this was a right-wing assault blaming the leftist groups . 
  there is no reason for / r/nederlands to be around . 
  because we 're the country everybody forgets about . 
  maybe it is a good time to learn some dutch and english like your good northern part of belgium . 
  we do n't speak any dialect , it 's like an american saying a british person speaks in a dialect , we invented the damn language !, 
  why did those gr\u00fcnigs never jump into the frisia boat ? 
  still ca n't believe spain is holding their country together , it 's one big clusterfuck with separatists . 
  somewhat of a shame , friesland has some good history . 
  still do n't get why you guys are n't a country . 
  the part of noord-holland is incorrect , they would however probably claim texel as part of the rest of the wadden eilanden . 
  it 's too dark , luxembourg have no intention of giving up autonomy . 
  and why would they ? 
  they 're doing fine with their banks and whatnot . 
  oh those crazy belgians , with their difference of dutch and `` hollandish '' ( whatever the hell that means ) . 
  well , the thing is , for years we 've been screaming our heads off about weed and gay marriage and just now , so many years later , after having almost every country in the world criticize us about it , people are starting to realize it 's the right way to go on about this business . 
  so it 's not smug , it 's a way of saying `` i told you so '' . 
  you could try to immitate us a bit more . 
  we 're on the right track on quite a few issues . 
  serbia is a potential eu candidate ? 
  plus all the good breweries are in flanders . 
  or it might be because we lock up their war criminal leaders and prosecute them here in the hague . 
  your roads were already broken before we got there . 
  plus your drivers are even worse . 
  how is that ? 
  because in 1830 you decided to leave . 
  it all could have been different . 
  portugal ? 
  wow , us cheapest in food . 
  still has malnutritioned kids . 
  you know how every country has this one weird province/state ? 
  limburg is ours . 
  i got 300 min , unlimited sms and 1500mb data for $ 15 which is alright . 
  the 10gb roam is pretty amazing though . 
  holy shit . 
  take all the drugs at the same time . . 
  have your upvote , and get out . 
  argentina can not into european . 
  nope , eneco took it away . 
  we had one here in scheveningen on a parking lot , next to the beach . 
  it got removed . 
  poland has been a ` cultural island ' for a while now , due to the severe religiosity and conservative mindset . 
  it 's going to be at least 25 years to get on par with western europe . 
  i guess somehow you could make groningen consider putting up windmills instead of the earthquakes caused by gas drilling . 
  yes , but people complain about the view . 
  so it ends up that any windmill anywhere is seen as a bad location . 
  granted , we do n't really have much remote uninhabited area .
