  [ okay . 
  ] ( https://media.tenor.co/images/a1f35d246cfd39971e0d1f7fe98a85eb/raw ), 
  best to keep the austrian royalty away . 
  well , you got to take money , and not being shit . 
  if you can be not shit with the least amount , you are doing well with yo money , fam . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dzy3cd9kfy ), 
  point for point , who would be more destabilizing , iran of saudi-arabia ? 
  because the latter seems worse to me . 
  one day . . 
  i am outraged . 
   speaks dialect of flemish wil je godverdomme komen vechten dan ? 
  did you have a stroke mid-sentence ? 
  it 's the netherlands . 
  holland are 2 of the 12 provinces . 
  though for the sake of simplicity holland is widely accepted . 
  that would be so awesome . 
  fuck zwarte piet , we got a new helper . 
  oh boy golly , i sure do . 
  you enjoy that sweet liberalism us dutch gave you ? 
  how about democracy from the greeks . 
  crazy folks !, 
  i 'm for changing it to make all the pieten to all the colors . 
  kids really do n't care , they 're kids . 
  i mean , zwarte piet is n't even real , so it really does n't matter at all . 
  destabilize a bunch of countries . 
  point fingers at countries next door who have to clean up . 
  bravo . 
  one german people even think country ? . . 
  what 's the difference between the us and yoghurt ? 
  * in 250 years yoghurt will have grown a culture . 
  ketchup does n't go on fries you uncultured swine !, 
  one day . . 
  savage . 
  you would be better off still being dutch territory . 
  the biggest problem for most dutch people , is that we 've been bombarded with this discussion for so many years , that most of us are completely apathetic to it now . 
  that is unless you are in the extreme pro or against camps . 
  but all of us caught in the crossfire are just so fucking tired , of this same fucking discussion with both sides screaming their heads off . 
  savage . 
  `` too poor to actually be alpine . '', 
  would be a better one . 
  but at least you guys got laibach . 
  your basement is not a suitable place for children marc . 
  we look down on you because basically you are saying that you want the right to discriminate against those you deem not worthy of rights . 
  replace the word homosexual , with jew , or black , and just rethink your stance . 
  it 's kinda sad when people do n't agree on this issue though . 
  because what the people are stating is that people who just happen to have a different sexual orientation are deemed inferior . 
  that 's a pretty messed up view . 
  putin , is that you ? 
  we love you starcraftians too . 
  we 're not that far north . . 
  ballen means dick in your language ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  it 's balls in ours . 
  bitterballen for everyone !, 
  to be honest , i would say netherlands vs denmark would be a far better comparison on all fronts . 
  this thing with finland is dumb . 
  so is religion . 
  but that stuff still carries on nonetheless . 
  why do you care that much ? 
  i guess you still need to catch up with the modern world . 
  the us would make for a really shitty eu country . . 
  you lost big time there , amigo . 
  i still do n't get the fascination with finland . 
  denmark would be so much closer to our own society . 
  get on our level scrub bet you do n't even speed skate !, 
  and you would definitely be correct . 
  well alright , you can have your little inside-joke too . 
  no it 's not , and you 're denser !, 
  send them to congo , i 'm sure they want a * hand * in that . 
  the netherlands is already a tax-haven for corporations . 
  no argument , just dutch , and english . 
  rest can fuck off . 
  you could also rank up by ditching shitty wallonia and coming back to us . 
  ours !, 
  poles say kurwa . 
  un president peter thomson ? 
  do n't let your memes be dreams . 
  but poland then still can not into space . 
  they ca n't even into space . . 
  i say we blame brexit on those exit-poles . 
  it 's a classic intimidation trick . 
  same as miyamoto musashi , who always showed up late to aggravate his opponent and throw him off his focus . 
  swedish ( gothenburg ) death metal is better . 
  what 's the actual difference ? 
  well , if you kicked out the walloons , i reckon you guys would be better at languages stats . 
  they are really really reeeeeaaaaly dragging you guys down . 
  they think going to france is a good idea , how good could they be ? 
  she was german , but hid in the netherlands . 
  brutal ? 
  yours might be better . 
  nice try romania , next thing we 'll know we 're flooded by vampires and gypsies . 
  nelson : hon hon !, 
  same here . 
  i do n't know , but there seem to be quite a few people who think it was a shining point . 
  hey !, 
  it 's a good thing . 
  work on your country a bit more in the next couple of decades , champ !, 
  and we 'll consider you no longer balkan , but alpine . 
  savage . 
  it 's bon-sjoer .
