  makes me deeply ashamed we are . 
  so many right-wing cabinets these past few years . 
  i am an american !, 
  i am an american !, 
  i am an american !, 
  i am an american !, 
  i am an american !, 
  damn , your flair made me check for screen artifacts . 
  that gave me a good chuckle . 
  that would be the worst . 
  so why do walloons not speak dutch either ? 
  cause flemish can speak dutch , english and french . 
  than why bother at all ? 
  the regime is the country . 
  if you leave the country you are a traitor , and if you fight the regime you are a traitor . 
  you are always losing in the scenario you portray , one that is a fallacy to begin with . 
  so if we apply this situation to the syrian conflict . 
  those refugees should stay and fight the regime or they are traitors to their country , . . but by staying and fighting they are traitors by fighting the regime ? . . 
  are you mentally deficient ? 
  instead we should give them weapons , train them to kill and hope for the best ? 
  maybe after some combat experience they , in turn , after a few years can turn into radicalized terrorists . 
  not every male is made for war . 
  i too am a young male . 
  without a family . 
  and if barrel bombs dropped on my neighbourhood , or some group of fucktards ravaged the country-side killing anyone not adherent to their amount of crazy , i would leave too . 
  honor means nothing if you are dead . 
  and to titillate us with any idea otherwise is bogus . 
  my dad was in the war . 
  he told me different stories , especially about the winter of ' 44 . 
   i would n't flee if we get invaded , this is my home . 
  you know what happened to cornelis and johan de witt ? 
  mobs like that en-mass ravage syria right now . 
  i would gtfo . 
  why would they though ? 
  germany is heavily investing in renewable energy . 
  wat de neuk is `` wachtstumsphasen '' ? 
  d'ahw , you guys are so cute . 
  but one day . . aansluiting !, 
  being in league with the glorious netherlands . 
  what 's in it for us ? 
  instead of a wall we can build a big moat . 
  at least get thrace back . 
  turks can go play at the other side of the bosphorus . 
  why not ? 
  fucking expensive a week !, 
  always do the things you are best at . 
  this guy . . masturbates ? 
  no it does n't . 
  here 's a map ( dark green ` bos ' is forest ) . 
  http://www.clo.nl/sites/default/files/infographics/0061_005k_clo_09_nl.png especially if you travel east and pass utrecht ( and it 's utrechtse heuvelrug ) towards arnhem ( nearing german border ) you start noticing forest at the side of the road . 
  always blows me away because anywhere else you drive down the road it 's just farms , farms , farms and more flat boring farms . . 
  10 trees makes a forest right ? 
  we got some of those . 
  this guy fucks . 
  we like you too , weird cousin . 
  now come back into the fold . 
  dutch police : `` oh , you 're foreign ? 
  you pay right here , and right now . '', 
  zallik dan auk maah un stukkie in haags doen as we toch met regionale aksente bezag z\u00e8n ? 
  that is except if you are looking for a [ kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  90 % , it 's us dutch that are at 95 % . 
  [ looks fine to me ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/polandball.png ), 
   pro-wilders ignore him . 
  he has no clue what he 's talking about . 
  still all in nato . . 
  it 's almost like they 're humans . . 
  most are alright , some are cunts . 
  swallow the sun is very good . 
  but the rest are kinda meh , especially norther . 
  finnish metal is mostly overrated . 
  unless we 're speaking impaled nazarene . 
  we still have the better bands . 
  gorefest , god dethroned , fluisterwoud . 
  the white , blue , red + crest flag does n't help much either . 
  slovenian and slovak in their own language , that 's way too close . . 
  an impressive 20-banded austrian flag . 
  yup . 
  this is weird , on the frontpage austria is the right flag , and in this thread it 's the wrong flag . 
  that 's some weird fuckery . 
  had to triple check if i was n't just seeing things . 
  want to chill , nord-bros ? 
  well done chap . 
  since when are models strippers though ? 
  when living in the worst hellhole of the netherlands is still better than most of the world . . 
  it 's a fantastic idea if you can get away by being elected , and earn $ 7700 a month by doing nothing . 
  `` just look at chinah ! '', 
  your current leader is stupid . 
  better not . . 
  7 months redditor , and first ever comment . . and you could n't be more wrong . 
  well done . 
  nobody will ever learn dutch . 
  a proud chicken . . 
  the lazy cunts . 
  u havin ' a giggle m8 ? 
  eu doin ' good ? 
  you think we some kinda moron innit ? 
  as long as you do n't shoot the piano player . 
  glorious ~ ~ germanic masterrace ~ ~ . . well . . shit . 
  thanks obama !,
