  and do n't mock our polyglottonousness !, 
  i thought that was our forte . . 
  you guys are alright . 
  just start learning english a little better though . 
  not really . 
  but then you got all preachy , and got kicked out . 
  they are , but they are n't . 
  technically no , but we are n't really compelled to change the outside opinion , and just rather embrace it , in the hope it attracts more tourists . 
  it 's an odd situation . 
  i 'm from zuid-holland , so i do n't mind , but i reckon some more proud farmers from outside the randstad might have a different opinion . 
  i bet that could actually work in belgium . . 
   if it were written down i think it would be rather easy to understand that 's what the subtitles were for , you silly belgian !, 
  we 'll make belgium pay for it . 
  it 's not that they 're doing anything worthwhile with the money . 
  at least you did n't do it for the right to be a racist , and slavery . 
  either way , you 're stuck with wallonia now , punishment enough . 
  but if you ever get tired of those rednecks , we 'll gladly accept you back . 
  but they ca n't read it here though , since they are not educated enough to understand dutch or english . 
  maybe we should still do it , just because we can . 
  [ fuck you , you greasy hillibililies !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmqvvgpgsre ), 
  actually , we did . 
  do n't ask , they just do in belgium . 
  they 're special . 
  not in dutch . 
  to be honest , there is not a bad thing about asking about belgian beers . 
  if i go to a bar that has some more exclusive beers , i 'll go for the belgian ones myself . 
  he said the `` low lands '' which implies netherlands and belgium , maybe even luxembourg , but not sure on that one . 
  we were there first !, 
  back off w\u00fcrst-face !, 
  you may say so . 
  but your opinion will be discarded . 
  almere is a hellhole . 
  do not visit . 
  just never go there . 
  while true , austria was really hungry for war ( as was most of europe ) , but franz ferdinand getting shot by some serbians really was the catalyst that was needed . 
  actually , ww1 was started by austria-hungary . 
  * death stare * `` they know what they did . . '', 
  and now just realize people like this get to vote . . 
  you only say that because he was polish . 
  no , that 's moscow . 
  they will just argue since everyone is doing it . 
  we might as well do it too , just to stay competitive . 
  fucking lazy cunts with their square bricks !, 
  and then , slowly over time lost it to the francophones . . 
  yup . 
  nachttreinen for one . 
  my old neighbourhood shopping street started to go 50/50 on dutch vs french/english spoken on the street . 
  painful article , i 've been to quite a few nice places outside the randstad . 
  but i ca n't envision myself living outside of it due to the available services offered here . 
  which does n't detract that some places like groningen , arnhem , enschede and places in brabant can be quite nice . 
  as if amsterdammers ever leave their own shithole . 
  i host events and it 's always amsterdammers that complain `` i would go , but only if it was in amsterdam . . '', 
  there is much more to the netherlands than amsterdam , which is a complete tourist hellhole . 
  you 're a bunch of show-offs , denmark !, 
  good !, 
  but without limburg . 
  the english language is very close to dutch . 
  most the world speaks english . 
  our proficiency is high because we have always been a nation of traders and being polyglot therefor is extremely valuable . 
  as a spoken language there is nothing wrong with dutch . 
  but most ( not all ) ` music ' sung in dutch is by/for incredibly low-brow people . 
  as far as popularity of music goes , there are 28 million dutch speakers . 
  about half the world understands english ? 
  way bigger market . 
  we tend to not want to forcibly interject our culture/language upon ourselves or others . 
  therefore there is no stigma in trying to ` protect ' our language . 
  there are some , but honestly it 's a pretty non-discussion , and mostly just circlejerking . 
  being able to speak and think polyglot is a positive trait . 
  no , it 's the same as watching anime in english , it 's going to be worse than the original dubbing , because that 's what it was meant to be in . 
  in addition you need to translate terms that already exist to complete new words . 
  or they do dumb shit like translate things like ` size ' into ` length ' or ` points ' . 
  i find countries like france who are so goddamn stubborn of having to translate everything into french far worse . 
  coincidence , i just grabbed the first decent google result . 
  i will never have any software or games in dutch . 
  hey dude , are you bob ? 
  also , you dropped this \\ \\, 
  except you sound like russians trying to speak spanish . 
  wilders never stood a chance because we have a reliable system . 
  wherein he already showed to be a very unreliable person . 
  wtf happened to our coastline more like . . half of our country is just gone . 
  why do i have the feeling the only reason the countries who voted no or abstained did so under american pressure ? 
  i actually read 56 % of burritos . 
  i think i might be hungry . 
  what the fuck netherlands ? 
  can someone explain to me how it 's a problem for germany if it 's neighbours ca n't keep up ? 
  because they are also only a partially in europe . 
  combined with the fact that russia will never meet the requirements of joining the eu . 
  yes i would . 
  may i oppose turkey on geographical reason ? 
  \u00bf para possible conversation habla de espa\u00f1ol ? 
  being dutch , i wish i could speak even more languages . 
  it 's like fighting your 6 year old brother , when you 're 15 . 
  at least when you fight your neighbours it 's a fair fight . 
  here we got belgium and germany . 
  we all know your history . 
  just out of interest , is there anywhere the south is competing on a fair level to the north ? 
  if only actual politicians were like that . . 
  if you compare spain as a country to the rest of europe , it 's no wonder they are so happy they do well in sports . 
  countryside . . additionally the could 've been too embarresed .
