i 'm 39 with two small kids and i have to say that it was the best decision to wait that long . 
  after your kids are born , everything for the next few years is about them . 
  no time for hobbies , going out , having drinks . . at least not the amount of time you are used to . 
  and at least for a few years , especially if your kids decide that sleep is the enemy . 
  so you better enjoy your youth . 
  and our so-called elite leadership really wonders why the common man is getting increasingly angry about `` the system '' ? 
  there are several advantages . 
  first , germans like privacy . 
  they do no have cctv or any other all-over spy systems and that 's why the do not like that everybody knows what and where they buy things . 
  second , germans do n't like debts . 
  if you are charged 30 days after your order , you lose control over your money . 
  it 's much simpler to keep track of it when you see it in your wallet . 
  or at least have it directly withdrawn after you bought something . 
  third , retailers have to pay the interchange fee if they accept cards and the margins in the german retail market are pretty tight . 
  rtl started in 1984 , so it 's 32 years , 
  the best thing is that merkel can not comment on it , because turkey dictates the rules now thanks to her refugee policy . 
  good job giving an hyper-religious islamic country power over the free world . 
  they are the only party that is against merkels welcome strategy . 
  that 's the reason why so many people voted for them , you had no alternative here . 
  also there was a unprecedented media campaign against them and i think that most of the people are just sick of being labelled as nazis just because they do not share the approach on immigrants . 
  the afd itself is not a nazi party like the npd . 
  you may compare them to the us republicans . 
  many people on reddit would also call the republicans nazis , especially when they are from germany . 
  merkel changed her politics and her party in the past years and positioned it way more on the left side than it was 10 years ago . 
  there is no conservative party in germany anymore , it 's just the linke ( far left ) , greens ( also far left ) , social party spd ( left ) and the cdu ( left-mid ) . 
  about 50 % ( more or less depends on the individual questions ) of the german population disagree with merkels position on immigrants , but she does n't care . 
  even in merkels party , some politicians tried to revolt but her position is too strong . 
  she is also backed by the german press , which is mostly run by '68 liberal-left students now ( spiegel , sz , zeit etc. ) . 
  they control the major part of the german journalism and launch articles about how great merkel is and how dangerous the afd nearly every day . 
  well , tomorrow are 3 important state elections . 
  let 's see what happens . 
  i 'm really looking forward to the elections on sunday . 
  i hope the afd gets their fair share . 
  not because i particularly like them , but because we need a statement that there are many german people who do not agree with merkels `` welcome to europe '' policy and her crusade against all the other eu countries . 
  unfortunately there are no other options , because all the other political parties are even more far left . 
  i voted the cdu for 20 years , but with merkel in charge and no alternative besides the alternative , we need to do something . 
  it 's because most journalist are usually far left, 
  even better - those cost will double every year after . 
  and then they of course will get their whole family which will quadruple it . 
  good times . 
  looking looking forward for the 2 big elections in march . 
  no did n't check them . 
  so no spiegel , sz , faz nor any of the media owned by the state reported it . 
  but that 's perfectly fine because it was mentioned in 2 out of ~ 200 publications , right ? 
  i 'm glad that there is the bbc , like in world war 2 you better rely on their information than of the official german one . 
  well in germany , it 's really interesting that mass media is not writing anything about this case . 
  this leaves 2 possible conclusions : a ) it is not important enough . 
  i bet everyone would have posted a headline story if the swedish girl killed the refugee . 
  so the other way round means it 's more or less expected and not newsworthy . 
  lime a dog biting a man is not interesting , but a man biting a dog is . 
  b ) media follows guidelines to not concern the population too much and censors / hides unwanted events . 
  i seriously do n't know what is more alarming . 
  surprised that there are not already outcries in german mass media how inhuman it is to take fingerprints from those poor guys, 
  families of engineers and doctors !, 
  stuff like this only happens until we get ttip and facebook sues belgium for x millions / day because they disrupt their precious business, 
  yeah like living in a city with all its cars and industrial complexes is less intoxicating than someone having a smoke 3m next to you in the open . 
  if you are at it , please ban meat , cars and everything else that possibly endangers your life . 
  while i am having fun with mine . 
  i 'm a non smoker by the way . 
  but i do n't run around patronising other people . 
  seems i 'm the minority here . 
  i think people should smoke what they want . 
  drink what they want . 
  do dangerous sports if they want to . 
  it 's their life . 
  i agree that forcing 2nd hand smoke on other guys is not good . 
  so just declare your restaurant , bar or club as a smoking area and if you do not like smoking - just go somewhere else !, 
  if you ca n't go somewhere else ( like in the video ) it should be common sense that no one smokes . 
  problem solved . 
  it 's norway , they will get a `` do n't do it again '' speech and that 's it ... 
  yeah i love to go to norway , sweden , switzerland and the uk . 
  or overseas of course . 
  now wait . . 
  just sounds like i 'm wondering why we needed the eu in the first place . 
  but i guess that 's a different story . 
  living in germany , there 's actually only one thing ( roaming fees ) that changed for me and that i forgot . 
  all the other stuff was already in place . 
  so finally the eu is doing a good thing for me ? 
  wow . 
  seriously , i love that . 
  imo this was the most boring and uninteresting european championship of all time . 
  due to the fact that not only the first 2 of each group move on , most teams favoured defense over offense . 
  that resulted in very boring games . 
  in 4 years we might be stuck with 32 teams , then we can watch exciting matches like france vs malta . 
  yeah . 
  yes , that 's the perfect solution . 
  you ban everything you do n't like . 
  of course ban the afd , because they are not pro-refugees . 
  wait , or maybe put them into prison . 
  or hang them for treason . 
  because that 's all a slippery slope and we need to stop them !, 
  right ? 
  the afd in germany exists for one reason : it 's the only party in germany who is voting against refugees . 
  everyone else , even the conservative party of merkel , is going the `` all welcome '' strategy . 
  ask our neighbours in the eu what they think about this . 
  for lunch today i had 300g of minced meat from beef only from a local small butcher ( 5 euro ) together with onions and mushrooms ( 1 euro ) one package of organically grown potatoes ( 2-3 euro ) in the oven with oil , pepper and salt pees from the freezer for 4 people . 
  you know how that tasted ? 
  like heaven . 
  4 people for 10 euro . 
  we do n't need gmo , we have everything we need now .
