  zalgiris kaunas is the biggest lithuanian team with great fans , but nothing tops greek , serbian and turkish atmospheres . 
  he better gives his best and of course a lot will be expected from him , now add different culture/environment , language , play style , strict coach and hostile atmosphere in turkish league and euroleague will not do him any favours , especially if he comes with very low confidence . 
  if he proves himself there then hats off to him because that will require a ton of mental strength and humbling himself . 
  he is lucky he landed in feneberhace , which is better than i expected to be honest , but obradovic might be the coach for him and has some fellow nba busts with him that went through a similar downfall and had to gain their confidence back , but still being former number one pick makes him unique . 
  oh definitely , i did n't mean to imply he is cocky or something , i meant in a way that he will have to leave everything behind and start from the ground up and fight his way back into the nba with pure hard work and results . 
  this is a great opportunity that he ca n't afford to waste and i hope he gains his confidence back and start loving the game again , away from the nba and all the people/media that expected great things from him . 
  i 'm sure kids at that age just want to play the sport and have no idea or care about the `` business '' behind it , clubs take care of this stuff with parents approval . 
  it 's not like smaller clubs will give their talents away for free . 
  clubs go to extreme measures to protect these kids from media attention so i bet they know how to keep them focused on the game and nothing else . 
  that 's just how it is , there is no colleges or high schools like in the us , bigger clubs will scout players from smaller leagues/clubs and you could go through multiple clubs before you make it . 
  clubs are pretty much risking their future if they keep selling their best young talents , which happens a lot in both basketball and soccer and could ruin the club , get it relegated and then just serves as a feeder club for the bigger ones . 
  i know it sucks , but there is no other way , kids are probably more excited that they joined a bigger club rather than thinking about the money that their parents will keep until they are old enough . 
  i meant that players do n't play for their high school or college teams because they do n't have their own sports teams . 
  you join a nearby club that usually covers more sports ; soccer , basketball , volleyball ... and hope a bigger one picks you up . 
  richest european soccer clubs bring talented kids from every part of the world and bring them to their own academy where they study , play and live [ barcelonas ' academy for example . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bckvebxcjbw ), 
  yeah i should have clarified it better , does n't exactly scream good education system if it was true . 
  they love 3x3 too , ten best ranked players in the world are only serbs and slovenes . 
  basketball in the ex-yugoslav countries is popular since forever pretty much ( tied with the usa in world cup wins ) . 
  every sport is played there soccer , basketball , volleyball , handball , water sports , winter sports and it 's incredible how competitive some of the nations are at them , even if they are not united anymore and only with a few million people . 
  it 's a combination of right conditions for all sports and a cultural thing . 
  pretty much , yugoslavia was holding of better economicaly than some other countries in the eastern europe , but worse than western parts and yet they were powerhouse in almost every sport . 
  playing sports was always encouraged and was always a huge part of each nations culture and yugoslavia as a whole , just like in the us , but with 300million people less and not that rich . 
  us has the best athletic infrastructure in the world with the best technology , coaches and that tells you how highly sports are valued . 
  on the other hand nationalism happened in yugoslavia with civil war that fucked over entire region and set them back in every sense ( golden generations in soccer and basketball were ruined ) . 
  i hope you do n't consider yourself a fan of this sport , just fuck off you are trying to hard . 
  pure embarrassment of a human being , shits like you make this sub even worse . 
  ironicaly you went out of your way to let everyone know what you think , but hey not all of us are sad fucks . 
  `` opinion '' ? 
  that was nothing else but being a dick because shitting on mls is the way to go here , but sure it was your `` opinion '' . 
  we just have to look at ter stegen who is not better than handanovi\u0107 and a few others and yet he starts for the best team in the world . 
  like you said these guys are on the same level , they could play for any club if they fitted in . 
  keep in mind this was against one of the worst teams in turkey . 
  he already debuted in euroleague and looked completely lost so it might take some time before coach gives him decent minutes against the euroleague clubs . 
  he will be extremly experienced before even coming to the nba , three seasons in spanish league and euroleague , a few nba pre season games and eurobasket this summer . 
  i 'll be watching doncic and gianiss on the same court sooner than expected . 
  because chinese president is publicly encouraing people to play soccer and supports the sport , they build massive academies for youth development , clubs get government money to spend it on big player and managers from europe and they overpay massively just to get them there because they want their league and soccer to get more popular so that 's why . 
  soccer is growing fast in the us , china and india , three massive markets while most of the world is n't very fond of basketball to begin with and most of them ca n't even watch nba because the games start in the middle of the night . 
  besides doncic there are also isaac bonga and dzanan musa . 
  i do n't know if you are serious , but luka doncic who just turned 18 is a better and more valuable euroleague player than vesely right now . 
  [ doncic stats ] ( http://www.euroleaguebasketball.net/competition/players/showplayer?pcode=005929&amp;seasoncode=e2016 ) and [ vesely ] ( http://www.euroleague.net/competition/players/showplayer?pcode=000925 ) . 
  i 'm not sure if you watch euroleague , but i would n't hesitate to pick doncic over vesely to improve my team . 
  yes in 15/16 season , this season is a different story where doncic averages 4 minutes less than him and still has a bigger impact and puts up better numbers . 
  doncic is the second most valuable player on a team that is better than fenerbahce and coach is still holding him back a little because of his age . 
  do n't get me wrong i like vesely , but people here who do n't watch euroleague here will think he is tearing up the league which he is n't , 10.6 / 4.4 / 1.3 is just not good enough for him which he proved last season , keith langford , ekpe udoh , milos teodosic , sergio lulls , nando de colo. . . are legit stars for the euroleague standards . 
  as for my doncic argument , he 's a much more versatile player than vesely who just dunks on everybody , while doncic enters the game and saves madrid from a 10-15 point deficit every other week , if he wo n't score he will rack up 10 assists and rebounds , proved us he can take over games when llus was injured ( named mvp for two seperate euroleague weeks ) , he would rack up at least two triple doubles by now ( 13/8/8 and 10/11/8 ) in around 20minutes which cost them a game last week when coach did n't let him play more and it 's fucking crazy that he could get a first euroleague triple double in 10 years if he played at least a few minutes more ( last one was in 2006/07 season . 
  i understand though that coach does n't want to burn him out with all the traveling while playing in euroleague , spanish league , copa del rey ... 
  i think djs are used to fill the silence in the arenas not to prevent offensive chants . 
  european/south american soccer and basketball clubs are almost always deeply rooted into cities culture/history and political ideologies and you can see that in chants/songs , for example [ here are 40k sevilla fans of all ages and genders singing together ] ( https://streamable.com/6b0k8 ) , or [ barcelona fans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gapaq-qytjs ) and it can be seen in england , spain , italy , germany , does n't matter because these clubs are 100 years old or more and survived through multiple generations and they pretty much belong to the people who live there , so that 's why some fans are literally more powerful than clubs , especially ultras . 
  [ this video of a croatian club hajduk split celebrating 100 years ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp_lpsfxigw&amp;t=130s ) should give you an idea how a single clubs connects the whole city and what it means to them . 
  this is why there is so much hate in soccer rivalries , for example old firm derby between celtic and rangers , el clasico between barcelona and madrid , eternal derby between red star beglarde and partizan ... they are all fuelled with generations of fans with different political or religious views , [ hell 1990 game between dinamo zagreb and red star belgrade is known as a game that started a war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afgi7m7_smm ) . 
  anyway sorry for the rant , while we are at it look at mls clubs , they have a great atmosphere considering that a lot of them have a short history , who cares if they try to imitate european soccer culture , a lot of teams have their own chants/songs that are unique/funny . 
  that 's a plus that comes with soccer culture no matter which country or continent , mls team are proving you can have a fantastic atmoshpere in the us , including college games , but i just do n't see anything similar happening in the nba . 
  i mean i do n't think arenas would even consider playing music if chants/songs were popular throughout history , there would be no need for a dj during the game . 
  i 'm sure if nba fans would organize groups and create songs/chants they would quickly stop playing music during games , but it 's hard to believe it will ever happen , as you said there is to many casual fans with families and tickets are probably not that cheap either . 
  you only need a group of 50-100 people who could come up with their songs/chants and you could start a trend , other fans would learn the lyrics and jump in and it would spread through the nba . 
  i think teams should encourage this actually , it would make the experience much nicer and fun , even average attendance could go up because of this in my opinion , at least i know i would go to games more often ( if i actually lived in the us , heh ) . 
  i could see it work if people considered it and put in some work , as long as songs/chants would n't be offensive of course . 
  it makes sense , i was wondering if anyone has ever tried it before . 
  although it bothers me they would try to shut something like this down , i guess it would make sense if they chanted something offensive , or maybe because it was annanounced and they were wondering wtf was going on , i ca n't think of any other logical reason . 
  i think they would allow it if fans talked with the organization before , let them know what they will sing and do it only during the play . 
  maybe they were worried people would n't be able to hear advertisements on jumbotron or something else , it sounds stupid but i can see how that would bother them . 
  well it should n't be impossible , just not that simple so let 's hope it will happen in the future . 
  i know mlss new expansion team atlanta united has their own support group who came up with some songs/chants , printed them on flyers and gave it to other attending fans , i could see a group of nba fans do something similar and let the organization approve it/set conditions . 
  have you ever been offered any performance enhancing drugs from coaches/trainers in the us/europe , did you know any players who took them ? 
  could you even get away with taking them if you wanted to ? 
  i imagine there are some guys who would do everything to succeed . 
  good to hear , i was wondering if there was some shady shit going on behind the curtains up to this day considering how other sports had problems with peds . 
  [ let me introduce you to a pyro show in a match between paok and olympiacos . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mky_f7jepey ), 
  good , i 'm genuinely happy for scotland , they deserved and needed this win . 
  absolutely pathetic from us . 
  nephew , kill me please . 
  what did we do to deserve this . 
  people who say this things do n't realize chinese president is a huge soccer fan and publicly encourages people to play it , not to mention chinese clubs are literally getting government funds to spend absurd amounts of money for nothing more than decent players from european clubs . 
  their goal is to make chinese soccer league popular among their own people , they are bringing in youth coaches from madrid/barcelona and building youth acadamies , i think they will get better and better with every decades , especially with their huge population . 
  this rise of soccer popularity is also present in the us which people often forget , we have to consider christian pulisic has the potential and abilites to become a star in europe . 
  also genetics are a huge thing , not every chinese kid can hope to turn out like yao , while every one of them can hope to become the next messi . 
  there is that one guy on this sub that comes with a new thread every few weeks saying basketball will soon overtake soccer as n. 1 sport in the world because of china , but luckily people here most of the time acknowledge the points you and i mentioned , even if it 's a basketball sub . 
  [ this map says it all anyway . 
  i understand why there is so much support for soccer from your government , china is without a doubt going in the right direction with investing so much money both in clubs and building reliable youth systems . 
  it 's scarry to think how many great players will start coming from china when this investments start paying off and we will witness chinese 's first golden generation . 
  although i 'm european i totaly agree , as a soccer fan i 'm just happy the sport is growing in the us ( and china for that matter ) and pulisic will do nothing but help with the growth , he has at least 4 world cups ahead of him and he will be without a doubt the leader their nt needs , maybe even cause some major upsets . 
  but as i said , i have zero doubts that we will se many pulisic type players coming from china , he is not the biggest guy ( only 5 ' 7 or so ) , but he is extremly talented and skilled . 
  you have a point , i mean everything can happen , but i 'm not sure if japan was building these massive acadamies and bringing youth coaches from barcelona 's la masia which should produce at least some results , even though it may take some time . 
  the population advantage is also more than a billion so as long as a strong soccer culture develops good players will come . 
  milan mandari\u0107 is currently owner of nk olimpija where delamea played before coming to mls and the same guy has a history with investing/owning in multiple american soccer clubs . 
  at least i think he is the reason considering his connections with people from the us . 
  i do n't want this to come off as hateful or anything since i originally typed this for your original comment , i totaly get what you said and i agree to some extent so i just want to expand on why some people from ex-yugoslavia hate each other since many people do n't know about it . 
  besides the fact that europeans were killing and opressing each other for centuries , it gets much worse in ex-yugoslav countries since 90s were filled with nothing but war , suffering , genocide ... i recommend you read up about break up of yugoslavia and how brutal it was , it boiled down to nothing but pure hatred for each other and of course some of it survived to this day since everybody is still alive , hell there are nba players from ex-yugoslavia ( [ mirza teletovic from top of my head ] ( http://www.nba.com/suns/news/mirza-teletovic-survivor-war-sickness-and-basketball/ ) ) , [ nikola jokic was 4 years old when nato bombed serbia for 11 weeks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qs1jjhqbc18 ) , jusuf nurkic who is bosnian said you can never forget srebrenica genocide . 
  there was so many war crimes commited from all sides , no wonder some people grow up with pure hatred if at least one of you relatives , parents , friends was killed ... and this goes back to ww2 with [ jesenovac concentration camp where even nazis were shocked at the brutality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org . 
  / wiki/jasenovac _ concentration_camp ) . 
  i do n't want to start any debates regarding this topic since it 's so sensitive , but i just want to give you some insight as to why this hate is alive with some people . 
  i 'm from slovenia and luckily we only had to go through a 10 day war nothing more , but i have so many friends from every ex-yugoslav republic who immigrated here and have heard a lot of fucked up stuff from them or their parents that breaks you inside . 
  i do n't even want to get started on how ex-soviet republics and their people feel about russia , oh boy . 
  oh and just some extra information , us slovenes for the most part are in good relations with every former republic , serbia did n't really care about invading us ( [ it lasted only 10 days like i said ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ten-day_war ) ) since we did n't have any large serb minorities , but croatia and bosnia on the other hand were n't so lucky , so most of the beef is between them and then there is a long long history ( bloody history ) between albania and serbia that is still alive and well today ( not the killing part ) , but these tensions are so complicated that you will get confused quickly ( to be fair breakup of yugoslavia as a whole is confusing to foreigners , [ this 5 hour long documentary is pretty good if you have enough time and are interested ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dds9m7osvog ) ) . 
  most of the tensions between us and croats is in political sense , we never killed fought each other , if anything we have a common history of living under austro-hungarian empire and many others , so people are cool with each other ( sports rivarlies are always fun though ) , macedonians too got away with no conflicts and are cool with everyone . 
  i 'm sorry for this long rant , i just thought it would be interesting to share some of this things , i do n't want to play a smartass . 
  anyway like someone said before me , everybody is cool with each other now for the most part , everyone is peacefull unless you spew out some nationalistic bullshit while visiting , then there is a good chance someone will knee your face , but the less time that has passed ( ex-yugoslav republics , ex-soviet republics and the shit that happened in the 90s ) more common the hatred is . 
  actually right now i 'm sure most of the ex-soviet republics have some fears and second thoughts about russia 's intentions , we will see how that turns out .
