  i do n't know why i pressed on your nerves so much , but it 's a one man sport so the word `` dominating '' was not the best to use and even then it 's not wrong , he won everything and will win a lot more if you like it or not . 
  and of course another nation will come on top again i never said they wo n't , but right now it 's slovenia . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm not saying yugoslavia would be regarded as a historically strong contender for the top , but right now and probably for some the best ski jumper is/will be a slovenian , just like the best tenis player in the world is serbian . 
  it would be a dream come true and a true powerhouse with the right manager . 
  and all these world class players are idols for the youngsters , but it 's sad we will never see this team in action . 
  oh definetly , even foreign managers would have no problem with managing a team like this . 
  is this game even televised ? 
  this is the second or third game for nu that did n't have any streams available . 
  a lot of championship games are televised here in slovenia so this tv deals are confusing me . 
  oh thanks for the explanation . 
  he did everything he could to get that last hit , better than diving and hoping for a lucky penalty . 
  season has already started for the most leagues here in europe so professionals will be with the clubs , also there is to much money with the sponsors involved and pressure from the clubs , because if one of the key players get injured they are fucked and player get ussualy injured during the international breakes ( different training routines can cause injuries if player is not used to them ) . 
  olympic football is pretty much a joke and at least europeans do n't care about it , so it 's a great chance to give youngster some playing time , because they wo n't get it for the world cup or euro qualifiers . 
  the best one i could find http://www.streamendous.com/channel1.php, 
  i 'm biased too and would definetly add him , but somehow everyone forgets about him , probably because he is stil waiting for cl and seria a is not exactly in the spotlight right now . 
  pbuffon is a legend and you can count your ass he will be there when you need him , but yeah handa was tested much more and did his job . 
  i think he was statistically the best gk in europe during first half of the season and his performances showed that , but then it went downhill for the whole team . 
  as a slovenian i would put easily put croatia first due to dinamos success in europe , then serbia and after that slovenia . 
  altough slovenian league is more competitive with no clear favorite . 
  you just know ref will be inconsistent with his pen calls after the first one . 
  [ ivana \u0160panovi\u0107 ] ( http://ocdn.eu/pulscms-transforms/1/az7ktkqturbxy82ywq0ndzhntrjoty1yti4otiwmdkxzdg2zdcwowuymy5qcgvnk5uczqmuamldlqlnadyawsovb9kyl3b1bhnjbxmvturbxy8xzdc0y2i0mtcwntk1mdqznjyyownhymq2mdzmntbmni5wbmchwga ) could crush me with her thighs and i would die a happy man . 
  i just bought bfh and there is still many full servers , i like playing tdm which i never did with any other battlefields and i actually like it . 
  it has a different feel to it than bf4 or bf3 and for some reason sniper rifles feel underpowered . 
  anyway in my eyes it 's worth those 5 bucks , with some servers still full ( i do n't have any dlc ) and it 's definetly something refreshing . 
  you would n't survive raduljica . 
  i bet his diet consists of meat only , rip, 
  then you are very ignorant if you believe that . 
  judging the whole country or continent by a group of salty people on a page like reddit is stupid in the first place . 
  you think serbs go around and beat black people ? 
  there are racist people in every country and trust me every normal person does n't care if you are black , there are many black people in serbian football and basketball league loved by many . 
  i 'm also sure those people who commented are not racist , it 's straight up imgoingtohell for this material and very inappropriate , but it 's coming from the fact that serbs are not very fond of americans in the first place and that they lost it does n't go any deeper than that . 
  you have to understand what this means to them and that they thought that maybe they can cause an upset , not that it excuses any of the comments . 
  you see how my comment is downvoted when i called you ignorant , what would you call an european who said every american is stupid , fat , gun loving , racist , we all know it 's not true , and so is your comment . 
  it 's very offensive to americans 100 % and no serbian would ever say something like to to an american and actually mean it , but jokes like this can get get thrown around here because we do n't live in the us and do n't have any history with with racism , so people make jokes like this and think nothing of it . 
  it 's just how it goes here in the balkans so i got a little defensive , but i 'm slovenian , one of my best friends is serbian , and i have been to serbia many times and have never met any serb that was racist . 
  people here feel disconected from all the tough times black people in america went so it 's pretty common to hear something like this and that dude who said that stuff about slaves would never say something like this here , because he knows it would be wrong and offensive to americans here . 
  we have a lot of stereotypes between our nations here and joke about each other openly and it can get dark pretty fast . 
  handanovi\u0107 should dive the hell out of this club . 
  he is to good to waste his time in a club where manegement ca n't get their shit together , that includes many other talented players . 
  but i hope they prove me wrong . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that , but still you said it yourself that they were jokes although very inappropriate and he was n't calling him a nazi and being dead serious . 
  at the end of the day that just makes him an idiot who thought he was funny and failed . 
  every person has a friend or two who is fucking stupid , no matter what is his nationality . 
  he was great for the first half of the season , saved inter many times and then everything went to shit . 
  you ca n't expect him to make up for the retarded defense that inter had/have . 
  you can replace him with neuer , de gea or god himself it wo n't get any better . 
  and who could replace him anyway , even if any other top gk would be available , he sure as hell wo n't come to inter in this state of condition . 
  he did i wo n't deny that , but you can really tell his confidence is low and it shows , and you ca n't really blame him considering the defense he has to put up with . 
  also he left the international team to focus on his club career and it just got worse . 
  he should leave just because his confidence is destroyed and wo n't help him with his performance . 
  and yeah , he said many times he is considering moving elsewhere so it would probably be better for him and the club . 
  i would still prefer dubstep with sick drops and stuff, 
  it 's a serbian version of ak called zastava m92 , used during the yugoslav wars . 
  tens of thousands of them went into the black market after it ended , but i 'm sure you can buy it legally in the us . 
  i do n't think it 's the same , at least the woodwork is not the same if i compare it to the video that someone posted where the guy films the gun after the conflict . 
  but who knows there 's like billion versions of these and they all kill the same . 
  edit : i think it was zastava it 's identical to the one he films http://tonnel-ufo.ru/foto/oruhie/automat_3/yugoslav/zastava_m92.jpg, 
  i 'm curious because i 'm slovenian , but do you think kampl will be left out of the starting xi ? 
  i checked and he played almost all preseason friendlies and was also very good last year . 
  i ca n't argue with that , it really is tricky with their stacked midfield . 
  anyway i 'm very excited for brandt , i hope he has a good season . 
  i was thinking the same thing , he banged some important goals and assists . 
  you could see the difference if he was subbed on later in the game , but i could also be very biased . 
  also i hope there wo n't be any injuries again like last year , it really fucked up their momentum at the end of the season . 
  i really hope so , he 's one of the few who gives his best in our nt and does it for bayer too so i always cheer for him . 
  overall it looks like all of the players have a great chemistry between them . 
  that goal with his first touch of the game really was amazing . 
  good luck this season i 'll be cheering for you guys . 
  i love it to put it simply , graphics and sound are out of this world . 
  it 's one of the most refreshing games i have ever played , gameplay is also to my liking and all the small details you notice during the playing are just cheery on top . 
  map itself is ok , very good for sniping and you can always jump into action without running for 5min , desert storm is also very nice and realistic . 
  i only played with sniper rifles and i love them , much easier and nicer than older games , have also destroyed quite a few light vehicles with those anti armor bullets . 
  the only problem i have is that it 's a bit laggy from time to time , but that 's understandable and it does n't bother me that much , also it could run more smoothly , some random fps-drops appear , but they will optimize the game even better , at least i hope ( i have a msi r9 390 8gb ) . 
  overall i love it , it feels nice , it 's refreshing and all the smalls details people complain about do n't bother me at all ( like the anouncer ) . 
  i bet all those people who suffered because of her would agree with you . 
  https://youtu.be/_bayotwkabo the shit he did in the ww1 alone is crazy and than raised an army of 800,000 during ww2 to liberate yugoslavia . 
  tito you crazy badass . 
  exactly !, 
  he was one of those people that just gets shit done . 
  when you have already went through so much , threatening stalin was probably just one of his `` badass things to do today '' list . 
  i agree , great video and great , educational channel . 
  the best thing about us is that we are just to small to be relevant so we can live in peace . 
  i like how peacefull and laidback our nation is . 
  national anthem is not something divine or beyond me as a human . 
  if you get offended by this things then i do n't know , i only care that you do n't break any laws and that is the only thing i expect from you to do for your country . 
  you mean 12 year olds arguing on social media ? 
  still love this video that pretty much sums it up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57rggdthbfa , it 's not some police ladies on horses while people swear and throw bottles at each other . 
  as you said passion is just that much higher and you bet your ass the opposing players will shit their pants everytime they witness the hostile atmosphere . 
  there is a lot of history behind old firm derby , but so is with red star and partizan and people just do n't know it . 
  the witch , the blair witch project , insidious , evil dead , the babadook , the skeleton key , room 1408 , the ring , a tale of two sisters , misery , the orphenage , rec , the hills have eyes , the others , the shinning , the thing , the exorcist . 
  there is a lot of foreign horror movies that are great , a tale of two sisters is a great example . 
  also bone tomahawk and green room are movies that you should definetly watch , they are not paranormal or anything , but they will scare you more than a lot of the movies i mentioned earlier . 
  also this ask reddit thread may help you from a few days ago https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/516x90/horror_movie_enthusiasts_what_is_the_most/, 
  handanovi\u0107 is the correct one , but it 's always mixed in the media or by the fans . 
  i think he really crumbled inside from the pressure in the final , you could see he was frozen to the spot , also he probably trained them all the time . 
  anyway i 'm so fucking happy for him and you guys , shit refereeing for the both sides unfortunetly . 
  i hope he will push for 4 automatic cl spots for slovenian clubs , we clearly have the quality . 
  on the serious note , having a uefa president from a smaller country can turn out as a big positive with these cl changes , he already stated he does n't like them at all , but something tells me he wo n't be able to do anything about it . 
  actually i think one of the main reasons is that they pushed for the idea is because there was no president . 
  that 's why i said he would n't be able to do that much anyway , because it 's weird they did n't wait untill 14 of september for the elections and can just casually come up with these changes .
