  definitely on a list of places i will visit more then once in my life . 
  here is a picture of the old man on the right from the last years international holocaust remembrance day in auschwitz . 
  is @ 1.55 for juventus win against roma worth it ? 
  juve is playing at home with some key players rested and will try to get that win , especially after that 2-1 defeat in round 2 . 
  roma has drawn or lost against weaker teams in the recent times so i doubt they will start winning over night at least against juve . 
  am i underestimating roma or is it worth a shot ? 
  there is a part in a movie children of men , when a guy walks by the caged prisoners and an old woman says ` molim vas , gladni smo-please/i beg you , we are hungry ' and it did n't sound so bad . 
  also there was a part where a group of english and foreign people are arguing abot something and out of nowhere somebody says ' a u pi\u010dku materinu ' . 
  i laughed so hard , because it just did n't make any sense as to what people were saying , serbian curse word coming out of nowhere is the least expecting thing you could imagine . 
  edit : have found the cursing scene https://youtu.be/kuobrldjnw8, 
  exactly haha , i was not bothering with the translation , because it would n't make any sense , but do watch the movie when you find time , it 's so good with epic cinematography . 
  you are right i guess , there are supposed to be refugees among the characters . 
  if anything it was a nice idea from a screenwriter/director to throw the curse word , nice little detail that the balkan people could recognize . 
  well `` pi\u010dka '' means pussy and `` mater '' means mother/mom so literal translation would be `` in your mothers pussy '' or something like that . 
  it is usually said when you are upset about something , but you could use it as an insult for example `` mr\u0161 u pi\u010dku materinu '' which would be equivalent to english ` go fuck yourself ' . 
  you could use it in many other ways , it is a very versatile curse word . 
  finally some reliable sources . 
  dude go out , breath some fresh air , you will take 10 years of your life by stressing so much . 
  i do n't understand the urge to flood the comment section with hate , because leverkusen deserved the win and proved that with 3 goals . 
  i would understand if frankfurt got fucked over by the refs or something ... 
  god almighty , trigger alert for people who suffer from epilepsy . 
  is there any chance city might really bring in handanovic if hart actually leaves ? 
  he was linked to city and he said a few days ago he is not sure about his future with inter . 
  pretty much anyone from the balkans can tell what he said from his lips . 
  he said it , but the ref could n't hear him anyway so i doubt anyone will care including the ref if he sees the video . 
  i respect your opinion , but i would n't say he is a downgrade . 
  courtois is only 23 and is freaking amazing , but i bet handanovic would be also great and has a lot of experience . 
  now is the time i cry myself to sleep , because i know my pc is to shitty to run it . 
  that 's true , but i can already see the big drop in frames when 5 people around me are going crazy at each other with flamethrowers . 
  thanks for recommendation  there is still 6 months to save up so it would n't hurt to upgrade or build a more powerful set . 
  i 'm just gon na leave this here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehnfjcqkqdy, 
  things like this really show you why football is the greatest sport in the world . 
  besides oblak and handanovi\u0107 , kampl is the only player i like in our nt , he always gives it 100 % and actually gives a shit . 
  it will be so frustrating for oblak in the upcoming years when he goes from on of the best defenses in the world to our mediocre nt . 
  maybe switzerland ? 
  a lot of the players are from the balkan countries , so i assume some migrated with their parents when they were really young and the war was going on . 
  do you think think this is the most promising generation of the last decades ? 
  and is there any potential in the younger generations ? 
  i was watching the game against slovenia , and it pretty much showed how they can let their guard down and at the same time , how great they can be by not giving up till the end . 
  it 's such a good team on the paper , i just hope they fix those problems before the euros start . 
  complete opposite actually , he was amazing . 
  he said he wants to play champions leage football , but i think he just aims for more recognition at this point . 
  his daughters name is melia ? 
  well zlatan is black belt in taekwondo , but costa looks like he was in a drug cartel before playing football . 
  you rate norway over every country he listed except holland ? 
  were they that good this year or something , because i did n't watch qualifaires and genuinely do n't know ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i predict it can only get better for you guys in the next years when the young talents develop . 
  i do n't know why everybody is shitting on oblak . 
  he gets completely lost at penalties and i do n't understand why , because he showed many times he has good reflexes , but he was a big reason atletico even went to the finals in the first place . 
  even in the finals he made some great saves and did his best to keep the result at 1-0 , but still so many people blame him . 
  he was i ca n't deny that , he is a bad penalty stopper overall and i hope he will train and get better at them . 
  he has this weird technique that fails him every time and he just shuts down after that . 
  i am salty because people say he just did n't give a fuck at the fucking cl finals and mock him , while he was probably shitting himself on the inside , because he knew he was fucked . 
  fun fact : oblak is worth more than all players from the top two slovenian clubs combined ( olimpija ljubljana and maribor ) . 
  seriously the most retarded ref i have ever seen . 
  english strikers and croatian midfield does n't sound that bad either . 
  i think he played for the u21 team just a week ago , but i am not sure . 
  yeah but kampl makes it even with his haircut . 
  there is a part in his documentary where he asks his son which super car is missing from the garage and he ca n't guess , because he owns so many of them . 
  and spoilers : it was lamborghini . 
  https://youtu.be/_imwr8in5nc he also became the top paid athlete in the world . 
  do n't watch his documentary because you will start hating your life , altough he had a tough childhood and his father died . 
  no shit soviets wanted to kill every single german , they were invaded by them and most of those soviets lost their families and friends because of the invasion . 
  they were fucking brutal and it is wrong , but they were `` nightmarish '' for a reason and you make it sound like they were just evil and brutal for no reason . 
  us or uk soldiers would also be hungry for revenge if they were invaded for so long . 
  i know this is the most stupid comparison ever , but just look how americans were pissed after 9/11 and rightfully so . 
  i 'm from slovenia and `` front page '' news from our biggest news website says and i quote `` third consecutive day of rioting from english fans , police used tear gas and water canons '' . 
  it mentions fighting between russian , french and english fans , but you are right about english fans getting most of the bad publicity at least here in small slovenia . 
  good luck neighbours !, 
  french version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uiuc1qz7oe&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=48, 
  what about us ? 
  we have oblak and handanovic has retired so our only world class player is a goalkeeper . 
  kampl and ili\u010di\u0107 are also good , but not really world class . 
  there was like 50 riot policeman just standing there while stewards were left to deal with the fans ... 
  i would rather go to prison then to return to croatia where everyone will want to break my legs after this . 
  it only takes a small group of retards to give their country a bad name for the rest of the competition . 
  longer version https://streamable.com/te1p, 
  https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/13466358_809205019180855_4644219821243676905_n.jpg?oh=9c734d0db43b3ea64da98c46acd4782a&amp;oe=57c227ae this was posted by fb page `` izagola.r '' and was captioned by following description `` reinforcements have arrived '' and `` change of plans , we are throwing them from b3 not c1 ! '' . 
  i hope they are not that stupid . 
  i 'm not surprised , those anti-fa pages are just trolling at this point . 
  i will actually feel sorry for that small group of idiots if they try to do something stupid again . 
  first they will be beaten by evey single normal croatian fan around them , then hopefully by the riot police and after that they will go to prison where they belong . 
  well our countries do celebrate independence day so it makes more sense i guess . 
  boli peri\u0161i\u0107a kurac , he does what he wants . 
  but we have an\u017ee `` raccoon jesus '' kopitar . 
  hungarian indeed looks very hard to learn and unique language , but goddamit those 90s sweatpants would obey only a true slav . 
  kill yourself, 
  i could never get myself to support a certain team and just decided to stay neutral as you said , especially if your country does n't have any clubs that play in europe that often . 
  altough i follow clubs that have a slovenian player like atletico with oblak , leverkusen with kampl , inter with handanovic and so on , but i just watch their games from curiosity of how they will perform . 
  agree completely , it of course varies from person to person , but there is no need to force yourself to support a club if you just started watching . 
  it 's better to wait your first season and give yourself some time so it does n't feel so forced . 
  we got lucky with getting england in the group , should be two easy wins . 
  i am cheering for you guys , people would n't complain if their own country was in the same position . 
  how can you not feel any sympathy for one of the best football players in the world with a hot wife and millions in his bank ? 
  what a shame , he was such a relatable man untill we figured out he does n't pay his taxes . 
  whoever enjoys watching animal torture for entertainment is not worth being called a human , i do n't care if it 's a tradition . 
  perfect time for us europeans !, 
  and does anyone know why so many mls games start with a delay , is it because you guys have a crazy traffic , at least that 's what i assume is the reason . 
  that 's a better explanation i think .
