  clean sheets is what gave the award to oblak , but he really was reliable and is like the god of good positioning so i believe it 's not that controversial that he won and if navas won , i would also say he deserved it 100 % . 
  in cl i would dare to say oblak was better , especially if you consider who atletico faced , but in the final penalties both of them underperformed so it evens it out i guess . 
  10000 flares were used by the fans when the club celebrated 100 years https://youtu.be/rvriict4kpw . 
  wonderful stuff , no sport in the world means as much to the people as football does . 
  i fucking knew he will save it , he looked calmer than a sleeping baby . 
  [ talking about pyro party ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehnfjcqkqdy ), 
  yeah sure ... now you are gon na tell me the assassin would be eating a sandwich in the same street and at the same time just as the pm was passing by . 
  which reminds me of a current mr.olympia phil heath who can still touch the rim with 5 ' 9 and 275lbs of muscle https://youtu.be/eqgyf9iezao?t=117 . 
  [ he used to play in highschool ] ( http://basketballnews.lt/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/phil-heath.jpg ) and steroids aside those genetics do n't lie , even when he was 18 . 
  they do n't call him the gift for nothing , one in a million genetics with his proportions and symmetry being close to perfect . 
  they do man , these pro bodybuilders are always very kind and very smart , unlike some gym bros these days . 
  [ love me some beogradski sindikat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w0l-v2nlrk ) , shows perfectly how people dance , drink and sing together in the balkans . 
  cheers !, 
  they also have a lot of songs that criticize politicians/goverments , which i think is not that common for hip hop in america . 
  for [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkszmpnzf-o ) or [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-mbidokqfk ), 
  yeah i was not sure when i said that , at least i never listened to it so thanks for correcting me . 
  any decent artists you would recommend ? 
  thanks man !, 
  i love maad city from kendrick and my beautiful dark twisted fantasy from kanye , but have never really listened to them besides that so i have some catching up to do , rtj os also new to me . 
  great stuff thanks, 
  that 's why it was very naive from me when i did n't consider that . 
  it looks like corruption will never go out of fashion with rappers . 
  definitely man , it 's a song that speaks truth with video being just as good , you do n't even have to understand the lyrics to see what the song is about . 
  people are tired of the corruption and they are showing it , so let 's hope things will get better with time . 
  can you guys just chill out ? 
  both teams are playing dirty and you think you are getting fucked by the ref and welsh players made more fouls anyway . 
  of course everyone is quiet when the handball is not called against them , it 's incredible how hypocritical some of the people here are . 
  it 's not just this game , does n't matter if it 's international game or club games , people turn blind eye every time when ref fucks up something in their favour , but grab their pitchforks when it 's against them . 
  i understand it but it annoys me so much . 
  because some of the welsh in this thread are hypocritical as fuck and i watch this as a neutral . 
  i ca n't stand it when people whine about mistakes against them out and remain delusionall about theirs at the same time . 
  to be fair nba is a league where all the money and talent is concentrated and in football we have around five top level leagues with teams having almost twice as much players as a basketball team . 
  i ca n't imagine how much money would a league with the 30 best football teams in the world make . 
  you have to count in that there are around five top level leagues in soccer that are equivalent to the nba where money and talent is concentrated in one place , not to mention number of players in a soccer team is almost doubled so that lowers the salaries . 
  a lot of the money also goes to the youth academies and as you said to the players agents who usually get a huge chunk of the transfer fee . 
  missing one of the best strikers in europe is not helping them , but it does n't matter i 'm more happy that i can watch football on monday than that we scored . 
  i mean a few youth matches and a friendly between poland and slovenia , what more could you want ? 
  every football fans dream right there . 
  of course , also one of the best strikers in europe . 
  realisticaly he is probably looking for a retirement home somwhere . 
  you mean a thug that had to kill people and go through hell in ww2 so you do n't have to speak german right now ? 
  his main point was that it 's stupid that mexico can qualify with winning 2 of the 10 games , that 's not possible in europe and it 's hard to argue against him . 
  a lot of the people here are either ignoring this or spinning his opinion around . 
  [ have another look at the groups ] ( http://www.sofascore.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/uefa_draw_group-608x510.png ) , there is always around 4 nations that are able to qualify and most of the time a lot of the good national teams are left out , look at the group d with wales , serbia , austria and ireland or group i with croatia , iceland , ukraine , turkey and finland , it 's not hard to see how many good teams will be left out . 
  even group f where slovenia is will be very very close . 
  there are weaker nations spread through 9 groups , but they ussualy come last in the groups of 6 nations so it 's hard to argue that europe does n't have the most competitive qualifiers in the world with the most decent/good teams left out . 
  also his main point was that in europe you ca n't juts qualify by winning only two games like mexico did . 
  it 's hard to feel bad for him when he does n't care about the club or the fans . 
  peaceful reminder that he is a bad owner is nothing compared to what the director of partizan got when ultras beat the shit out of him , so it could be worse . 
  what about the ex-yugoslav republic ? 
  austro-hungary losing wwi could hardly be counted , serbia was allied with the uk anyway , so was yugoslavia during the ww2 and was neutral during the cold war . 
  no wonder when every new post with a genuine question or argument gets deleted or downvoted with people trying to be edgy/funny or just straight up dismiss and hate on everything . 
  this sub is n't doing itself any favours . 
  i thought op is making fun of the guy who posted that by reposting it as a rant about bayern ? 
  in my opinion mistakes in soccer carry much more weight because it only takes one mistake from one player to throw the whole game . 
  you have to be organized through the whole 90 minutes and if one player does n't do his job when opposite team has a corner/free kick/counter attack you are doomed because a team only needs one mistake for them to exploit it and than they can sit behind a ball untill the end . 
  hell even one slip on the grass can bring you a defeat . 
  also you have only 3 substitutions and only one time out . 
  hockey is similar but at least both teams are forced to attack and ca n't sit behind and waste time . 
  [ a lot of european clubs have fantastic/intimidating atmosphere ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyyymqmpb9k ) , but then you still have lower level clubs with no crowds and it 's like a tennis match where 10 people there are silent , but it 's still better than playing music over bad atmosphere , it just makes it awkward in my opinion . 
  i just started watching nba and the only thing that bothers me is the defense chant every 20 seconds and a shit load of r/whitepeopledancing material during time outs that makes me feel uncomfortable . 
  i 'm glad that he shows passion and will to prove himself , i always notice how frustrated he gets if he misses a free throw or does n't have a great impact on the game , especially since he is already in starting euroleague games . 
  i just hope he has a smooth start in the nba because i 'm worried when players get hyped to much , even when they can without a doubt live up to it . 
  wtf i was reading some comments on rijeka 's fb page about bad refereeing in yesterdays game , but i did n't know it was this bad . 
  the biased refereeing could n't be more obvious , it baffles me how some fans deny or find excuses for this , i would be ashamed if a club i supported got to a title with so much support from the refs . 
  i hope rijeka ends on top this year , not just because of kek , but because it would be a big fuck you to all the corrupted people in the league . 
  the best thing about our military right now is that we ca n't even afford ammo for the fn2000 's so a lot of ak 's from former yugoslavia are back in use , not that we need them for anything except training and stuff . 
  i 'm sure a few average texas families put together could invade us . 
  at least the us and other countries can train here because it is cheap or something like that so that 's nice , we are to neutral and insignificant so as you said they are more like a national guard . 
  [ oh and i love this videos of our and us soldiers sharing some rhymes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rk04ra05eta ), 
  basketball still has a long way to go in europe where it 's not even the second most popular sport in most countries . 
  soccer is integrated in the culture and all the money and attention goes there and then there is volleyball , handballl , winter sports ... 
  i would to think it could become more popular throughout the continent , but i ca n't see it happening . 
  it is , spain , greece , turkey , ex-yugoslavia and a few more is where you have it as a number two , but the gap between soccer and basketball is still huge , even if countries like serbia , greece , turkey are more successful in basketball than in soccer . 
  i just wanted to emphasise how the us went on another level than anyone else and is now just a fucking beast no one can touch . 
  yugoslavia has the same amount of world cup wins as the us and the country does n't exist for more than 25 years , so you can tell how it never evolved in europe while the us went berserk and will win every single world cup to come for decades or forever . 
  i wish i was joking , it was all over the news a few months ago . 
  it gets worse than that , more than 100 soldiers had to ask for humanitarian aid in italy where an organization helps soldiers in need , they could n't provide for their families with their low wages http://m.24ur.com/ext/novice/slovenija/slovenski-vojaki-morajo-prositi-za-humanitarne-pakete.html . 
  i know an engineer who works in the army in my town and they ca n't even get money to fix their old jeeps . 
  actually i should have said it in a better way , we can afford it 's just that the govermenent does n't want to spend money on the military and is lowering the budget every year . 
  it 's like they have forgotten that we even have armed forces and that they need money . 
  basketball is a number two sport in only a few european countries and it will stay that way , sure there are young europeans going to the nba , but they have always been and trust me that anyone outside the us almost always looks up to the american players and not to their own . 
  the fact that soccer is so competitive it will only grow , you should see how much countries and clubs are spending on the youth acadamies , even in the us soccer is growing faster and faster every year . 
  it 's a sport that connects the whole world , every continent and the culture around it is unparallel , for some poor countries soccer is the only sport that will give you chance to make it big . 
  also while lebron is popular it 's still behind messi and ronaldo , even behind neymar and some others , it 's not even an argument that they are the most influencable athletes in the world right now , you do n't see kids in war torn syria wearing lebron jerseys , but they wear messi and ronaldo shirts . 
  in my opinion you overestimate how popular basketball is outside the us and underestimate just how popular and infulental soccer players are and how powerful the soccer culture is . 
  you do realise that chinese president is a huge soccer fan and their clubs are trying to attract the best players and managers in the world by offering absurd amounts of money , i think the best payed player in the world right now is playing china actually . 
  they are also investing huge amounts in their youth acadamies http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/15/football/football-china-guangzhou-evergrande/ , not to mention all the chinese billioners buying european clubs and investing in them . 
  there is a bunch of soccer players more popular than lebron , not to mention we are probably watching the best soccer player of all time playing right now . 
  you see kids in war torn syria wearing messi and ronaldo shirts that 's how much influence they have . 
  or iniesta who looks like a middle aged white guy who works in it , but is actually one of the best players in the world . 
  is n't your president a hude soccer fan ? 
  not to mention how much clubs are spending on the youth acadamies and foreign super stars http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/15/football/football-china-guangzhou-evergrande/ . 
  i think your country has much more potential in soccer rather than basketball , people probably like to watch those freaks of nature in the nba , but the beautfy of soccer is that everyone has the potential to become great , hell the best player of all time is like 1.70 cm and only ronaldo looks like a fucking human machine made by nazi scientists . 
  i can see a lot of technically gifted players from your country in the future when these youth academies start producing and the culture around it grows . 
  i think chinese admire these american athletes , like looking at kobe or lebron is like watching and admiring lion in the zoo . 
  that 's why i think with time normal citizen will start playing/admiring soccer and the players , they just look like normal people and are more relatable . 
  i mean every average chinese male could do what messi does if they had the talent and were playing the sport , while you can only cry yourself to sleep wishing you had the body and athleticism the best basketball players have . 
  exactly , maribor and olimpija ultras are not as violent and especially not as big in numbers as hajduk 's , dinamo 's , red star belgrade and partizans 's so the urge for will violence will be irresistable for some , but i see some of the ultras boycotting the competition .
