  ronaldo and messi remind of of magic and bird , one is very outgoing and charistmatic , other one likes to keep for himself , but both are on another level . 
  [ if you want to have a laugh george best is the man for you ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/the-filter/16-quotes-that-define-the-life-and-times-of-george-best/ ), 
  i have heard this too , it 's short and on point , something that he would do . 
  i love primarly basketball and soccer , but just as a sports fan in general i appreciate the fact i can watch him play live , no one was not supposed to make a sport look this easy , especially against other best players in the world , but he looks a child on the playground toying with others and having fun . 
  [ this are just highlights from a few months of this season , the two weeks in december alone were crazy . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zofw6qaepuk ) . 
  i always get chills down my spine when 95k people in the stadium chant messi and bow to him when he scores . 
  thans man , but i 'm no george best  ... i suck at puns . 
  he was a cheeky cunt , those were the times in sports where you could say things like this without losing all sponsors haha . 
  old timers just did n't give a fuck so we were left with a lot of golden quotes . 
  no problem man , the amount of quality in both sports right now is crazy and i 'm so happy i can watch the best of both , not to mention basketball is growing in europe and football is growing in the us . 
  football was slowly integrated into the cultures throughout its 100 + year old history so this whole ronaldo vs. messi thing is not that big of a deal compared to what bird vs. magic did to help the nba grow , ronaldo and messi both said they respect each other and media/ten year olds on facebook are the ones always drawing comparisons and arguing who is better , while both of them do n't really care about this and normal fans just enjoy both . 
  as a soccer fan besides basketball i always felt the same way , i do n't care about ronaldo vs. messi arguments that always pop up , but as a fan of this sport in general i get that warm feeling watching him that just makes me say , fuck it he is god of soccer/football , everything that it takes to be good at it was put together and messi is what came out of it and then reached a clear level above everyone . 
  he does n't need personality , he became as influental as he is by just doing magic with his feet and a ball glued to it . 
  here are full highlights https://youtu.be/fozohyct_i0 , 17p/5r/9a in 23 minutes against one of the best european teams and he will probably barely miss out on mvp of this round of euroleague which he won like two weeks ago as the youngest guy in history to do so . 
  [ here 's another one where he decided the game with two triples in similar fashion ] ( https://youtu.be/lovxrbv6t-m?t=234 ) , he has been on fire in the last month or so . 
  to be fair he was heat 's best player in the most games he played , this was his third or forth game where he did n't perform . 
  the problem is that he is always bothered by something , injuries , spasms , soreness you name it so that fucks with his consistency , the results are not doing any favour to any of the players and their motivation . 
  i watch both nba and euroleague and i do n't see any difference in flopping , if anything nba has more notorious dirty players because european basketball is not as physical , it has nothing to do with soccer culture if you ask me . 
  it 's just a stupid generalisation that has nothing to do from where you are , some players are dirty and flopper because they are dicks and i watch pretty much all euroleague games and flopping is in no way a problem or widespread , how ridiculous is to pick one or two players who flop and then throw entire continent into that group . 
  do yourself a favour and watch a few euroleague games , nba is much more physical so you will have more floppers , no matter if they are from the us or europe/south america . 
  i mean every rational fan knows this , but it 's not fair to say europeans leagues are filled with players who are motivated by flopping from soccer , while i doubt any american fan or journalist/media like you mentioned actually watches any of them . 
  exactly , the pace of soccer and limited ability of the ref to distingush between a flop and actual injury/foul from 20-30m away is just inviting soccer players to dive and use it to their advantage while in basketball players get away with much less shit or do n't even bother to flop unless it 's a tight game with a few minutes left . 
  flopping is something you associate with soccer and not with a particular league/continent because it 's present everywhere ; mls , south america , europe , asia ... 
  associating european basketball players with flopping because of a soccer culture is just wrong in my mind , unless you have a hidden agenda or hate against a certain culture ... 
  some of these people would have to watch a single european game to know how wrong they are , i ca n't even remember the last time i saw someone flop in euroleague . 
  i do n't want to come up as upset or something , but i wish people made less generalisation when it comes to sports in general . 
  i know people will play safe with him because of some recent top picks from europe , but as you said none of them ever got a constant playing time and starting spot like he already does and he does it very good . 
  porzingis was heavily underestimated because people think spain 's league or euroleague is a joke and they never saw him play , there will be no excuse to mock doncic if he already decides games at this level and age , i just hope he is as mentaliy strong as porzingis is to take it to another level in the nba and has a smoth transition . 
  not to mention that one at least contains full quote , not this twisted bullshit from the sun . 
  serbia alone could be second behind usa or spain or quite a few others actually if you ask me . 
  great point , especially in soccer and hockey where a worse team can score only one goal and then defend very well or just get lucky to get away with that , even if they were dominated in possesion , shots on goal and so on . 
  i was watching nba a few days ago and players stats during times outs/half time were `` brought to you by toyota '' so that was new for me . 
  i mean it does n't bother me at all , it was weird the first time because i rarely stay up to watch the entire game , but it 's something you just start to ignore . 
  players do n't wear any sponsors on their jerseys so it makes sense that they will put them somewhere else i guess . 
  there 's a similar move in soccer so i could see how something like that was popular with european players . 
  if you are thinking dortmund 's kampl then yes , if you are thinking peri\u0161i\u0107 is way better than bayer 's kampl then you are wrong , it 's debatable at best . 
  that is just delusional , kampl is/was pretty much leverkusen 's best player last season and i doubt you watch all of their games . 
  every leverkusen fan will tell you how much goals he creates and makes the team tick , if anything kampl is underrated because he creates so many chances and goes under the radar . 
  actually i doubt you watch inter or leverkusen enough to say with such certainty that peri\u0161i\u010d is `` way better '' , not to mention both teams were not performing this season . 
  [ i ca n't believe this kid with bitch tits ] ( http://www.alo.rs/resources/images/0000/022/630/44_400x0.jpg ) is the jokic we are seeing today . 
  does n't have top genetics or athleticism , but his skills are just impressive . 
  so the big lesson here is not to make a fun of goofy/fat kids because they might succeed in the nba . 
  i 'm gon na make my son fat and then bully him until he becomes a professional basketball player , i 'm sure that 's going to work . 
  i was joking ... either way yeah i do n't think anybody has the balls to bully a 7 footer . 
  oh and jokic was into a competitive horse racing so i do n't care who you are , one of your friends will make fun of you for that . 
  i want to kill myself when i order kebab pizza with my friends and i 'm the only one who does n't like those giant ass pieces of onions and spend 5 minutes trying to digg them out , it 's even worse when i bite into one piece that i missed and just lose all the appetite . 
  i believe we are the chosen ones among masses of people who for some reason like this ... thing . 
  man i just wanted to let you know i feel your pain . 
  it feels nice to complain about something so many love and you just ca n't understand why . 
  onions are way to low in this thread anyway , they are like the ultimate answer if we are talking about a terrible texture . 
  i have a dead serious question , over the last few years on reddit i have seen a crazy amount of americans who genuinely believe they won ww2 alone ignoring all other factors and circumstances so is this some kind of a inferiority complex/ignorance or lack of education ? 
  no matter on what subredit you are you will have people like this and it blows my mind . 
  i know , i hoped you could tell by the way i adressed this question and said `` some people genuinely believe this '' and i assumed you are american who could shed some light on this , but i wo n't even bother now you sound like a ten year old . 
  i 'm not so sure , does anyone else get bombarded with thoughts that they are the best in the world as americans are ? 
  i was listening to obama 's speech a few weeks ago where he said `` sun will rise in the morning and america will still be the greatest nation in the world '' and i realized how things like this are put in your mind since you are young and i have experienced this mentality on reddit from normal people . 
  it does n't hurt anyone so i 'm gon na let people belive whatever they want . 
  no thanks i enjoy living in a peaceful country with almost no crime , stable income , great education and health care , no racism , police violence , crazy gun culture , no over sensitive people , a shit ton of social issues and most imporantly with a president that is not retarded . 
  so now you think repeating something will make me go `` oh my god sneaky american got me , i 'm so jealous of you the wonderland you live in '' ? 
  are you so insecure or something or just so sensitive . 
  i do n't know who is the immature idiot here if i ask a genuine question and you come out just reinforcing something i was curious about . 
  it looks like it really is the ignorance and sensitivity that causes this , but yeah keep repeating the same thing over and over again , i mean i bet you think you are witty and smart so i 'm just gon na leave you with that thought so you can feel good about yourself . 
  thank you man , i 'm genuinely grateful for this answer instead of trolling while i asked a genuine question that many people here are thinking about . 
  i tried to ask as nicely as i could and i know it 's something that could easily get downvoted , but it 's something that i noticed and have always wondered about . 
  i recieved some great and informative answers from americans explaining why your national anthem and flag is so important to you in the past , because instead of insulting and making fun of americans i try to understand it and getting first hand experience from a normal citizien is the best you could get . 
  there is always explanation for this kinds of things that seem weird to non-americans and thank god people like you take their time to actually explain it and teach someone something new . 
  it 's so rare that it makes me happy . 
  i love ww2 so as you said american resources supplied to europe even before entering the war are highly underestimated , even if everyone know about the american invasion through france and italy . '', 
  ww2 was won by american steel , british inteligence and russian/soviet blood '' is a quote thrown around reddit a lot . 
  i did n't know about other things , but that 's why i asked and i 'm grateful for answering . 
  it 's good to hear something like this from a neutral perspective and i realize that some people are trolling like this dude , but i have seen so many ask reddit threads or political discussions where people were not joking and even argued other americans who claimed otherwise . 
  it 's also website with primarly american users and when you see so much seriousy comments through the years you start to wonder why is this , because i have talked to many europeans and we all have a very neutral look at the world wars , you just accept it as it was , every nation did what it did and that 's it , if anything it 's accepted that allies won this war with combined forces , everyone gets their credit , from partisans forces in smaller countries to the us invasion , canadians , australians included . 
  you ca n't really blame anyone , us probably emphasises their involvement in ww2 so someone who is not a history buff could get a not so neutral impression . 
  i think american movies are playing a huge role in this , as a kid i knew more about american contributon to the war from movies like saving private ryan than i did about eastern front or any other european country . 
  [ this recent story shows you how much influence they have ] ( http://www.thenational.ae/world/middle-east/afghan-boy-famed-for-plastic-bag-lionel-messi-shirt-meets-his-hero ), 
  op i think you are overestimating how much sport is growing , especially in asia where president is publicly supporting people to play soccer and clubs are actually getting money from the government to buy in prime players from europe to get the league more attractive to their own people . 
  they are spending crazy amounts of money just to buy players that are average or do n't even play in top clubs in europe and some of them end up being the best payed players in the world http://www.sbnation.com/soccer/2016/12/21/14039834/carlos-tevez-salary-wages-oscar-chinese-super-league-highest-paid-footballer, 
  most of the fans that support their euroleague teams are the same ultras that support their soccer club . 
  so you have red star belgrade , galatasary , panathinaikos , cska and many others are huge because the soccer clubs are huge and they support them in any sport . 
  there is a huge drop between the top two or three clubs and others , but it 's a very competitive competition so that 's great , makes is very fun to watch . 
  to bad llull just came back from injury , doncic was on fire in december . 
  that 's not how it works , the game is played differently and at a slower pace . 
  it 's not necessary that every style will suit every player and play to his advantages . 
  i definitely agree with that . 
  you were implying that he could play at the nba level pace and physicality , but you have to adapt to your team mates and play style if you want to contribute and win games . 
  if you ca n't shoot or pass you will be benched , dunking over everyone is not a thing in europe . 
  yeah because a forearm to the face is the first thing you would expect to be thrown at you . 
  stop making excuses , it was the wrong thing to do . 
  dragic is like 180lbs and it 's hard to keep your balance when someone throws both hands at your face/neck . 
  and he immediately stood up anyway so just get over with , both got ejected , clarkson got fined , end of the story . 
  because you are seeing things that are not there to make dragic look like a dick here . 
  it does n't have to be worse when you throw your hands at someones face , does n't matter if he falls down or not , it 's not allowed . 
  there is something seriously wrong with your eyes man, 
  it 's champions league , i think it 's third tier of european competitions , euroleague is first . 
  tell that to the families of the innocents who got killed . 
  we ca n't avoid it unfortunately that 's for sure , but it 's kinda hard to excuse this when western countries and russia have been fucking up middle east for decades now and it 's hard to believe it will end any time soon . 
  ronaldo is great example of a genetic freak , [ you could see it even when he was a skinny kid ] ( https://youtu.be/sybeoxghizs?t=74 ) . 
  he reminds me of lebron because their bodies were crafted by gods for the sport they play , [ but you still need a perfect diet and training to have a body like this while running million minutes a week . ], 
  ( http://snappa.static.pressassociation.io/assets/2016/05/28225437/1464472475-95aaa4b6a02a33970ee944f86a04cc85-1038x576.jpg ) it 's scarry that even with being a geneticaly gifted cyborg with extreme work ethics and dedication wo n't be enough to be the best of all time because you live in a time where a normal looking 5 ' 6 '' guy is doing things with his feet that should n't be possible and wo n't be done again for another hundred years after he retires . 
  yeah we have to consider that in most sports these day , especially in soccer and basketball because their team would do anything to keep their stars healthy and have them fresh for the crazy efforts that these athletes go through . 
  that aside it 's still not hard to recognize how someone is geneticaly level above others , especialy if they were already dominating as a kid .
