  well no because they would get a few minutes of playing time or none at all , you ca n't afford to make mistakes even when you play a few minutes and how many teenagers have perfected their game at such a young age ? 
  i have my doubts about frank exactly because of these things , he could turn up to be great or not , it 's so hard to judge because he 's so raw and playing proffesionally . 
  maybe someone like lonzo because of his passing skills or any other top 1-2 pick , but a 6 ' 3 monk and smith with their small wingspans ? 
  frank plays those limited minutes just because of his defensive impact , there 's plenty of good veteran shooters and offensive players on these teams that do n't get thrown around with every contact . 
  [ this is the starting five frank played against in the semi finals ] ( http://basketball.eurobasket.com/team/france/asvel-lyon-villeurbanne-basket/340 ) , do they look like your stereotypical `` white unathletic euros '' ? 
  there are so many ex-american college players playing in these leagues that are now all grown up and experienced and you still claim college players would get anything more than 10 minutes of playing time ? 
  doncic is an extreme exception to this , once in a decade european talent and he plays big minutes because his skill level and iq is on another level , plus he 's 6 ' 7-6 ' 8 , 220lbs and a big frame with much better handles than frank so he can hang out with the best non-nba teams . 
  i mean willy averaged something like 5.5 points and 3 rebound at madrid when he was 20 , doncic averaged 9points , 4.5 assists and 4.5 rebounds at the age of 17 so he 's a potential top 3-4 pick for a reason and i would be more than happy if he joined knicks , he really plays like a much less athletic white lebron , but a better shooter ( i 'm not saying he 's next lebron , not at all ) . 
  frank is only a better defender than doncic with his physical tools , but that 's about it . 
  well yeah they are some of the best young talents in the world , not developed and experienced players , that does n't mean they could just join a proffesional team of experienced and grown up players and dominate , we have seen college prospects go to europe and get no playing time , someone like lauri markkanen would be late first round picks if they played in europe because they would play under 10 minutes , there 's so many prospects similar to lauri that ca n't get any playing time because they joined a proffesional team in spanish , turkish , french league and ca n't get any playing time . 
  i agree that they could contribute in a small way , but as soon as you fuck up you will get benched , i mean smith is famous for his inconsistency , do you think he could afford that in europe ? 
  i mean you said that you do n't watch euro ball so i can see you do n't know how things play out there with these teenagers or european basketball in general . 
  frank could turn out to be a beast or are bust for all i know , thanks to the position he is in europe , same would go for smith or malik if they played around 10 minutes in a proffesional league , it 's hard to know what kind of a player you will get . 
  greeks take their flares quite seriously https://youtu.be/mky_f7jepey, 
  majority wants to pick smith or monk , but most of the people here know there 's a big chance they will get picked before 8 so they do n't want to get their hopes up , at least that 's how i see it . 
  that 's the impression i got in the last two weeks because frank had a bad run in the playoffs ... and again it 's because people see frank as a more realistic choice as a n. 8 pick while people assume someone will pick smith in the 5-7 range . 
  they do n't even bother usually since those who light flares wear masks/balaclavas and it 's not a rare occurrence either , teams do get fined if it happens in euroleague though . 
  ultras think they are untouchable because they can and will organize boycotts of the games or intimidate owners with violence so you ca n't piss them off , not all ultras are like that , but there is a lot of criminals/mafia members mixed in ( kinda explains their stupid decisions like this ) . 
  [ it can always get worse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qll-f7qtf8o ) . 
  only organized fan groups and visiting fans usually sit in behind the goal sections so they all knew it was coming . 
  people did have to visit hospital because it fucked with their lungs so you are not a smart person if you light a smoke bomb right where you stand . 
  it 's more about lack of exposure and playing time teenagers in europe get so you never know if that hides their weaknesses or you just ca n't judge them properly when they have a limited role in a group of grown and experienced men . 
  we have european lottery picks that bust and second round picks that succeed so people always have their doubts , but in doncic 's case he played around 80 games this year ( euroleague regular season + playoffs , spanish cup , spanish league regular season and play offs ) all around 20-30 minutes so lack of exposure , playing time and small role in his team is not an excuse while playing in a second best league after the nba . 
  the only legitimate argument about him is his lack of elite athleticism , which ayton , porter and bamba all have so it 's easy to assume he has a smaller ceiling than them , but at least he 's already very strong , 6 ' 8 and 220lbs with almost no muscles , some nba training could do wonders for his body . 
  ricky rubio played at the same level as doncic though and his skills translated well , it 's just that he ca n't shoot to save his life and it looks like he will never learn , doncic on the other hand is a fantastic rebounder , passer and shooter so he 's already a more complete player than ricky was at the same age so i hope his talent translates just as well . 
  i do agree with what you said though , it 's just easier to compare top talent when they play in the same league , we will never know who is better between doncic , bamba , porter and ayton untill the play in the nba . 
  i have probably seen every single doncic thread on reddit in the last year or so and i swear i have never seen a comment calling him the next lebron , only comparing their play styles and feel for the game/playmaking ability , if someone did call him the next lebron ( which i ca n't remember ) they were probably downvoted to hell , even that one article that calls him a better prospect than lebron gets ridiculed all the time ( rightfully so ) . 
  i have seen people call him the next larry bird that 's a quite common one , which means he could become the best white player ever , personally i will wait untill he finished his career to make claims like that . 
  that 's very true , for example i 'm slovenian just like doncic and he was n't allow to give any interviews before he turned 18 and after that he did some interviews with slovenian media and that was it , i ca n't understand 95 % of things he ever said after turning 18 because he was speaking spanish to spanish media so you ca n't really `` get to know him '' if you do n't speak spanish or slovene , not to mention he does n't attend those euro camps or gets invited to the us where they get interviewed like his fellow teenage euros . 
  oh and his english is not good at all , like a very basic level of english with a spanish/slavic accent . 
  he 's a great guy though , very humble , proffesional , [ i like this video when madrid won ] ( https://www.facebook.com/manelsanchezcom/videos/1240065466048787/ ) copa del rey . 
  he 's the exact opposite of mario hezonja who was very cocky and had a bad attitude . 
  i hate this article so much as a doncic fun , it 's only doing him harm and he had nothing to do with it , it 's not like doncic said it himself . 
  if he does n't live up to his hype people will post this article and say `` i thought he was the next lebron '' and stuff like that , writer of that article did n't really think this one through . 
  i 'm just as high on doncic as you and i saw a lot of his junior games and pretty much all of his senior games in the last two years , but he wo n't be an above average athlete in the nba , it 's as simple as that unfortunately , he 's tall with a big frame and is very strong , but he 's not that athletic . 
  he will get better with some nba training and when he gains so muscles , but there is only so much you can do to improve athleticism since most of it is genetics . 
  while it 's nothing special , but he can still do a [ under the legs dunk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7gqzqzm_ws ) and has some good in game dunks and i say this only because some people think he 's not athletic at all . 
  doncic becoming a super star and actually living up to his hype would do a lot for upcoming euro prospects since we had a few other top picks that did n't live up to it or were busts , kp already proved his doubters wrong so i hope doncic does it too . 
  he also showed some emotions during euroleague play offs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krktwn-kde0 ) when he had a few bad games and it was very weird seeing him cry when he always seemed so calm and confident , but then you remember he 's a 18 year old kid and every fan had some absurd expectations and the pressure got to him . 
  after that game he lead madrid to the final four with two wins and was named man of the match in both games and nobody expected that after he broke down during the game . 
  he showed he 's very competitive and has the mental will to focus and recover after going on a bad run , you can tell his surrounded with experienced professionals . 
  you are right i guess , but his passing was always his strong point and it stayed that way in the nba so i was more or less using that logic . 
  rebounding and passing usually translates well and doncic is very good at both of these things , i ca n't say the same thing about shooting/scoring , i have quite a lot of faith in his 3point shoot and his ft % is also very good so let 's just hope for the best . 
  i think nba teams are learning and getting better at drafting international players , but i think a lot of it is that every european bust will stand out since there are n't that many euro lottery picks to begin with . 
  there 's a lot of bias against euro players and i notice that quite a lot as someone who follows every promising young european , scouts and coaches say the same thing , but i understand that since there are actuall european busts and white people are not as athletic on average , now include the different playing style and the gigantic jump teenagers make from their u18 team to the senior team so it 's very had to be a 18-20 year in europe because you will most likely get limited minutes in a proffesional team , which means less exposure and footage to actually judge a player so of course people will always be in doubts if you team drafts a guy like that ( frank ntillikina is a very good recent example ) . 
  there is so many things that contribute to the bias/stigma against european players and it 's not like there are n't any legit concers because there are , but a lot of people dismiss european players just because they are european and do n't really provide any legit criticism of their game , they basically think college prospect = success , european prospect = bust and that triggers me a little , i know what their concerns are , but at least put some substance behind your opinion . 
  i do n't think bender is a good example , he was out with an injury after a few months , he did n't have the post all star playing time where most rookies show some improvements . 
  ingram did not live up to his hype either if we look at it at that way and he played an entire year and was n. 2 pick , while in reality both are still raw as fuck ( human tooth picks ) and will probably have a break out year in 2-3 years . 
  you are right though , there 's a few others that just were n't good enough alongside vesely you mentioned . 
  yeah that 's one thing about doncic if he misses his first 2-3 3pt attempts he just stops and `` feeds '' the ball to the guy who has a good night . 
  [ he hit two nice ones two days ago though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2drwyvb0ju ) , while it 's not in the video his step back 3pt shoot will be his signature move in the nba he already perfected it at the age of 18 . 
  yes it 's best of five , right now frank 's team is losing ( 2-1 ) and it could end on monday unless strasbourg wins and they play game 5 on wednesday ( one day before the draft ) , so in best case scenario he arrives in the us 1-2 days before draft and makes some interviews , but we can forget about any workouts since he 'll be fucked up from the finals and traveling/jet lag . 
  [ if we can trust this guy doncic and porter would go 2-3 in this years draft behind fultz . 
  ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/keithsmithnba/status/871097891707858945 ) . 
  and fell two assists short of first triple double in euroleague since 2007 and played only 20minutes when sergio llul was injured and he could actually run the team . 
  he will have much more freedom in this years eurobasket , looking forward to that . 
  hezonja is a better athlete than doncic but that 's about it , doncic played 3 euroleague games less this season than hezonja did in his 3 three euroleague seasons combined . 
  doncic was also the best rebounder for his position in euroleague and their play making ability is not even comparable , not to mention the attitude and ego that hezonja had when he entered the league . 
  that does n't mean doncic will be a superstar but there 's no reason to compare them , kp also averaged similar numbers and he turned out well . 
  oh my bad , i misunderstood what you meant . 
  that 's what happens when a teenager gets playing time in euroleague , people get hyped but yeah it does n't guarantee you anything when you enter the nba . 
  he 's more like 6 ' 7-6 ' 8 , the same height as his father right now so i expect him to grow another one or two inches . 
  he 's very strong though , 220lbs and wide frame with almost no muscles ( not an elite athlete or very fast unfortunately ) . 
  he plays like a weaker and much less athletic lebron but makes up for it with his shooting , his playmaking ability and iq is also off the charts ( i 'm not saying he 's next lebron , just saying that they have some similarities ) . 
  his size and iq/feel for the game , maturity is what helps him put up those numbers , he has a career high of around 13 rebounds , kp and gasol had around 10 and they 're giants . 
  again people are not sure about his upside since he 's not a freak athlete , but he 's as talented as you can get . 
  he still has one entire season to play ( which amounts to around 80-90 games since madrid plays in three different competitions ) and eurobasket this summer so he 'll be well tested and `` documented '' before the nba . 
  well he is very strong for his age if you watch him play , [ but he could easily add some muscles ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/csksjsdxyaa3j9q.jpg ) , especially in his legs . 
  some nba training should do wonders for him . 
  i agree that if anything people are underrating his athleticism , someone even said he has a non-existent level of athleticism like jokic a few days ago which is ridiculous , but at least he can still [ do it under his legs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7gqzqzm_ws ) ... still people do n't care because he 's grouped with porter , ayton and bamba who have crazy length/athleticism . 
  do you mean luka ? 
  because he played more than 80 games in this season alone averaging 20minutes . 
  probably yes , they even have his weight wrong ( around 215-220 s correct ) . 
  madrid plays in spanish league , spanish copa del rey and euroleague and they went in the playoffs in all three of them . 
  he played 35 euroleague games , around 40 spanish league games ( playoffs included ) and around 20 spanish cup games . 
  oh and he 'll play in this years eurpbasket so there 's plenty of footage to judge him . 
  he 's once in a decade european talent , ricky rubio is the only player that played similar minutes at the same age and level , but doncic is a much more complete player ( he can actually shoot ) . 
  it 's arguable if he 's the best european prospect ever in terms of their upside , but not one of them was ever the player doncic is right now at the same age playing at that level . 
  it 's repeated quite often , but he plays like a weaker , much less athletic lebron , but is a better shooter than him , his play making ability is the reason he gets compared to lebron i think , they see plays 2-3 steps ahead of everyone and just have that feel for the game . 
  he 's up there with the best in terms of pure talent , but he 's not an elite athlete that 's his only weakness right now , maybe he can improve slighty with some nba training , but he 's at least a big guy with wide frame and is already strong for his age . 
  he 's also willys former teammate and best friend , plus he knows kp aswell , they would have some of the best chemistry in the league . 
  teams will be fighting for doncic and porter next year , but i have a feeling phil is eyeing him up to , i 'm all for it at this point . 
  cancar 's 16/17 season was kinda ruined with his two injuries so he did n't play that many games to begin with ( it fucked with his consisteny/playing time and you could n't really tell how much he improved ) , but he 'll be playing for the slovenia 's u20 team in a few weeks and maybe even for the senior team at this years eurobasket in september so i 'll try to post some of the highlights if they will be available . 
  he definitely has some potential , but he needs to add a ton muscles/strength and polish his game a little , i do n't have any expectations from him as an nba player , but i hope he surprises me in 2-3 years . 
  he 's 220 though , for some reason draftexpress has his weight at 185 for more than a year now even if his official weight is around 220 . 
  yeah i knew people will see that and be worried , i would be too but fortunately his official weight at the beginning of the season was 218 when he was still 17 . 
  he can still add a ton of muscles to his big frame ( especially legs ) with some nba training , i doubt he lifted any weights when he played 80-90 games this season . 
  there is that one guy who claimed that in his blog , literally only one guy and now everybody thinks it 's something people believe . 
  just proves he did more harm than good for doncic 's hype/reputation . 
  much less athletic lebron ( but a better shooter ) is not a bad comparison , their play making ability and iq is elite . 
  unfortunately to many people think you are saying he 's the next lebron if you say they share some similarities . 
  if doncic grows another two inches and i have a feeling bird was slightly more athletic with a smaller frame . 
  people do compare him to larry quite often , i do n't know how many of them saw both of them play though . 
  [ judging by the hat luka is wearing we might just have our answer . 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cynyibmweaekjvr.jpg ), 
  you are ignoring the fact that entire madrid team underperformed in the playoffs , you ca n't put any blame on an emotional teenager without playoff experience while every single madrid veteran was shit , people were expecting to much from him and pressure was to big in the end . 
  also playing 80-90 games in a season gets tiring for a 18 year old kid . 
  oh and you forgot he was named mvp in two consecutive games in the euroleague playoffs while winning two games against darussafaka and bringing madrid to final four . 
  i get you concerns , he was inconsistent , but a lot of blame is on coach laso too , besides all the madrid player who have won euroleague before and did n't show up at all , they all looked unmotivated and lost it was kinda hard to watch . 
  even llul was very inconsistent and out of all experienced players the most attentetion was on doncic and coaches know an unexperienced and emotional kid will be that teams weakness and coach obradovic ( 8 time euroleague winner ) knew that perfectly well , not to mention they played in instabul against hostile atmosphere .
