  anyway much love , have a nice weekend . 
  do n't worry about it man , i totally understand , your comment was not a big deal at all anyway , there is a lot of irrational hatred between nations/people i have experienced it on internet and in person so you were n't even wrong , it 's just that some of it is not so irrational when you get to know the history behind it . 
  in my opinion it 's definitely irrational to hate this generation of people because of what your people did a long time ago , but i can understand why someone would do it , especially if people who did it or were involved in it are still alive today and i thought i could give some insight on the hate between ex-yugoslav republics , since i know people who went through it and even my father who was in the yugoslav army for 25 years and then fought in the 10 day war saw a lot of shit . 
  good example though , that can definitely help paint a picture of how different the attitude would be between americans and british . 
  i hate it when people instantly try to put down something someone says , so i thought i could share my thinking and surprise surpise , people can communicate normally and rationally even on the internet . 
  his handles are good , nothing special , but i 'm excited because he will work with goran dragic this summer so i expect some improvements . 
  i think ball and doncic are the most comparable/similar , both in weaknesses and strengths . 
  i would still prefer doncic on my team though , his ft % is 84 % compared to ball 's 67 % , not to mention his 3pt % will suffer much less in the nba while there is a big question mark on how ball 's shotting form will translate to the next level , he is also 1-2inches smaller than doncic and around 25lbs lighter . 
  not having a bat shit crazy dad is also a plus . 
  doncic also has one full year of improvements ahead of him , getting bigger and maybe even grow , not to mention he already played in one or two nba pre season games , will work with dragic this summer and play in eurobasket against giannis and other nba players , not that it matters that much , but it 's still a huge experience before even coming into the league , slovenia 's coach is also the assistant coach of utah jazz ( 15 + years of nba experience ) . 
  it 's hard to tell who has a higher ceiling , but right now i prefer doncic even if he is one year younger . 
  just search for real madrid darussafaka dogus live stream on google and limit it to 24 hours old or less , you will have to click through a few streams that do n't work so keep that in mind and prepare your eyes for a very mediocre quality , for some reason there are no hd streams like there are for nba games . 
  oh and do n't expect anything special from doncic , sergio llul always takes over once the playoffs start and doncic will probably put up solid all around numbers but nothing more . 
  i just want to prepare you if this will be your first euroleague game , do n't have any high expectations on him , zizic on the other hand has no other chance but to give it his all . 
  i mentioned it only because both shoot 41 % so i do n't know how you can claim doncic does n't know how to . 
  i only mention lonzo 's form and not how successful he is with using it , it 's just that people are worried if he will be able to pull it off in the nba . 
  if anything doncic has been doing it just as good as lonzo against much better competition while being younger . 
  maybe i am missing something i do n't know . 
  his lack of elite athleticism is one major thing that is worrying people . 
  he has a problem with creating for himself , defending faster guards , blowing past people and avoids contact most of the time , but we have seen this a few times by now against extremly athletic euroleague teams so he has one more season to adapt his game . 
  this will be well known right before the draft so i hope we do n't see to many surprised reactions . 
  i do think the are a few prospects in both doncic 's and lonzso 's class that have a higher ceiling , but i believe neither of them will be labeled as busts , they have elite bbiq , vision , passing ability and are to skilled to fail in the nba ( at least i hope so ) . 
  i agree 100 % with you , i did n't want to make it sound like i expect him to be perfect , if anything i 'm usually the one who defends him on other forums when someone watches their first euroleague game in their life expecting doncic to dominate and then they call him a future bust because they think he puts up some crazy stats as a teenager against grown and experienced proffesionals . 
  only two days ago i replied to a comment in celtics subreddit when they were paying attention to how zizic performs in the el playoffs and doing some `` scouting '' on doncic at the same time , so i 'm worried that people come watching this games with huge expectations , while it 's very clear that even on real 's team sergio llul is still the king and he will be the guy who carries them , and like i expected llul played great while doncic can do only as much for the team , he does n't care about numbers , he only does what he is told since there is no fucking around in the playoffs and in proffesional leages in general , he seemed nervous as well since there is so much pressure on him because people get carried away . 
  anyway , i was talking about his athletic potential and how this bothers some people , but instead i just accept that he is n't an elite athlete but he excels at everything else , i get so angry when people choose to ignore all of his strengts and then call him overrated because he does n't have an elite athleticism so for some people this means he will automatically fail in the nba . 
  you kept it short and simple , people are expecting to much from him . 
  it would be heaven if everybody thought like you , but unfortunately there is to many people that ca n't think straight when it comes to prospects . 
  the problem with doncic is that he already plays at such a high level so people assume he does n't need so much time and that he should perform from the start , these opinions would n't be so widespread if he played in college and i have a feeling he will get the most shit of all 2018 prospects if he does n't show out with this crazy expectations people have in his first year , even he will wo n't be a top 1-2 pick . 
  listening to the reveal live stream they talk so much about making sure they get everything right to pay tribute to all the soldiers who were involved and to introduce this war to another generation , but then make it about america only . 
  i think normandy landing works best as a center of the campaign , but world at war and cod2 campaigns were so good just because it was played with different nations and it portrayed the war as a trully global conflict with great characters and action . 
  [ instant classic from a few weeks ago . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqqzdq91qjw ), 
  7 minutes , but trust me he was n't a contributor at all , i ca n't how many times fener 's coach pulled him out because he was frustrated with him . 
  zeljko obradovic is also a legendary coach in europe , even popovich said he learned a few things from him so if someone like him ca n't pull the best out of you then you are just not good enough . 
  [ this is what happens when you do something wrong ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lauwlllts8 ) , he will scream and curse in your face the entire game , both refs and players are afraid of him , but he 's a legend i hoped he could make something out of bennet . 
  actually i would n't be surpised if obradovic 's attitude put a shit ton of pressure on bennet , especially if he 's a guy who does n't thrive under it and was already mocked by everyone . 
  he just does n't tolerate mistakes , his temper makes you wonder if he killed anyone yet , everybody says he could coach in the nba , he 's a basketball genious , but his behaviour would n't allow him to . 
  he would also suffer minor strokes every game if he had to put up with some of the egos superstars have . 
  i thought obradovic and new environment could pull something out of him , now i 'm not even sure if he wanted bennet and it was more due to marketing reasons and expectations because he was n. 1 pick like you already said . 
  i still think he will stay in europe , maybe some serbian , greek , spanish team could give him a chance . 
  holy shit now i feel bad for joking about it . 
  he has to have some inner struggles because of that experience . 
  that 's how i feel about this years eurobasket as a slovene , both greece and france are in our group so that 's just fantastic . 
  come on , you can do better neighbour :d, 
  that 's true , but when goran retires after this year we 'll be stuck with only one great player , rest of the team will be very underwhelming as is tradition . 
  the sport hit a historical low here , there 's like 10 people watching at every game , even though there are a few decent prospects going to spain , serbia , croatia it 's still not even close to what you have in store for the future , it seems like i see a new great croatian prospect every week , hell you have \u017di\u017ei\u0107 , bender and zubac as your future big men and they are all 18-20 not counting the younger guys coming up , that 's just not fair . 
  i 100 % believe that too , in 5-10 you should be considered among the european elite . 
  for some reason we ca n't produce any good big man , or forwards for that matter , but besides luka there is quite a few promising guards who i hope will develop into something . 
  our club level basketball is a pure disgrace , olimpija and krka are n't in the euroleague anymore so people stopped caring , no one is willing to invest into the sport anymore , promising prospects are leaving the country very early , luka was scouted at 12-13 , there is another kid that just joined real madrid and is only 14 , one big men left for baskonia at 15 a few years ago , his brother joined baskonia too this year and is also only 13 , another slovenian will join vlatko \u010can\u010dar at mega leks next year , 16 year old rok radovi\u0107 who was very very good here in slovenia joined cedevita this year ... list goes on and on . 
  there was one 19 year old pg who joined italian new basket brindisi because olimpija could n't pay him 8000 $ they owed . 
  there is no money so one gives a shit about these kids anymore , they go at an early age and they never get any money when/if they will go to the nba or any euroleague team . 
  i mean i do n't want to blame the lack of money to much , partizan and zvezda both have huge debts and they are doing great , it 's more that people/investors just do n't care anymore . 
  it 's funny though that we are ranked 2 . in the world behind serbia in fiba 3x3 , street basketball was always our strong point but nobody cares about 3x3 anyway . 
  the problem is there is only 2million of us and pretty much every sport is played here since we have the conditions for all of them , but there is not enough kids or resources so we could actually be better than average at any of them . 
  football and winter sports is where the money is currently at , people lost all passion for basketball , ski jumping and skiining on the other hand is popular as ever so that 's why i also hope don\u010di\u0107 could revive the popularity if he actually makes it in the nba , if he 's a bust then i have nothing else to live for . 
  sorry for the rant , it 's just sad to see where we are going , i mean austria , hungary and other countries are catching us at a club level what 's up with that . 
  spot on , ex-yugoslav region is known for raw talent and passion despite so many obstacles and bad luck . 
  everytime i go to tivoli hall i think of the history that was made there , a place where the mighty soviets and americans have fallen ... oh well lets hope it gets better , hvala brate , 
  they are on the same level as fenerbahce , cska in my opinion , doncic will be the key , if he does n't show up then i ca n't see real beating fener . 
  he 's a pg now yes , it 's still a mystery what position he will play in the nba , eurobasket and even next years euroleague . 
  pretty much yeah , this year was more or less an experiment from coach laso , i doubt he knew doncic would progress so fast and become so important for the team . 
  this will be one hell of a game , atmosphere should be amazing and makes fenerbahce a slight favorite in my opinion . 
  this will also be a huge test for doncic and if he and llul do n't show up i ca n't see madrid winning it . 
  he was n't actually , that 's his interview from yesterday https://youtu.be/2zjga0jfbve , i 'm not sure what the deal was last time , but i think people missunderstood the info . 
  he probably wo n't play anyway so it does n't matter . 
  but i 'm afraid we are expecting to much from a 18 year old kid , he 's without a doubt good enough to take over the game if he has a good night , but i also hope pressure does n't get to him or maybe that fener will try to shut him down completely . 
  to be fair he has nothing to lose , hype will get to the next level if he plays great , if not then you ca n't blame him for anything , llul will be much more responsible if they lose because he had a bad night . 
  fenerbahce was incredible , the entire team was composed , confident and focused , madrid was the exact opposite , what a coach obradovic is . 
  traveling to instanbul and playing in such a hostile atmosphere is tough , but they were simply out played the entire game , llul was the only decent player , doncic was visibly nervous and made decisions and shoots he never makes , ca n't blame him though , there was enough experienced players that did n't show up . 
  he 's a legend , [ just do n't make him angry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lauwlllts8 ) , actually i 'm not sure if i have ever seen obradovic talk normally and not screaming in someones face . 
  i know many americans do n't know him , [ but popovich talks about how he learns from watching his tactics . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy12cfjrhju ), 
  yes it is ? 
  it 's sad that concentration camps and genocide were turned into a meme , especially because survivors are still alive today , [ i think it 's just hilarious when i watch videos like this ] ( https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=559_1425825864 ) . 
  i do n't know why i expected more from this sub , sheltered 12 year olds will do anything for karma . 
  slower pace , different rules , much more tactical play style aside these young guys have very limited roles in proffesional teams , coach knows you will leave the team for a better european team/nba so they wo n't play youngsters for the sake of developing them , coaches get fired if they do n't win since teams can get relegated and that sucks for players , fans , owner ... even when they get playing time they will get benched immediately if they fuck something up , while he would have much more freedom in college for example and was named mvp in u18 eurobasket where he was the go to guy for the french with the ultimate green light to do whatever he wants . 
  these teenagers are also not strong mentally , coaches will abuse that ( and their lack of experience ) and it happens all the time with opposing players trying to frustrate them in various ways . 
  context/level of competition is much more important in european players , not to mention some players are still extremly raw like frank who will have a harder time playing against grown man ( even if they are not good skill wise ) . 
  just curious , where would you place him and why ? 
  i ca n't see him go lower than 4 . behind bamba , ayton and porter , that is if all three of them play great in college . 
  so would it be okay to turn jesenovac camp into a meme just because all sides commited war crimes ? 
  i mean that 's your logic to justify joking about a war crime or am i missing something . 
  my point is that it 's not okay to joke about any of these things , does n't matter who did it , why he did it and who was the victim , i 'm not putting words in your mouth when your reply was `` they all did '' it , as if that makes the remove kebab meme okay . 
  i 'm speaking in general , not just in this case , it just so happens to be the most widespread , but trust me i know the whole conflict is not so black and white as it is portrayed . 
  i would also hold the same opinion if there was a meme about war crimes commited by croats or albanias against serbs that 's what i 'm trying to say , i 'm not biased against anyone . 
  personally i think it 's okay to use remove kebab joke when it comes to ottoman invasion of the balkans and the oppresion of the people , especially serbs who suffered centuries under their rule , but it 's fucked up if you use it in the context of 90 's yugoslav wars because we all know what it means . 
  oh yes take the proven high school americans with 100 % success record . 
  i know you can easily consider ayton , bamba and porter to be better prospects , but as of right now you actually think high school players are safer pick than someone who just completed his second season in the second best league in the world , at least wait until they play in college . 
  strasbourg is not in the euroleague , they play in the third tier of european basketball so not even close to euroleague teams , but i agree about his defense and shooting potential . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about , anyone who compares him to hezonja never watched doncic play . 
  hezonja is more athletic than doncic and that is literally the only thing that he is better at than doncic , hezonja also has a huge ego , exact opposite of luka . 
  i agree that he 's a superior prospect , but https://mobile.twitter.com/keithsmithnba/status/871097891707858945, 
  i mean he already is n. 1 on every single mock draft i saw except draftexpress and they will move him up as soon as he starts dominating in college so you are not making any outrageous predictions here . 
  you forgot bbiq , talent and feel for the game , something you ca n't teach . 
  we have a lot of athletic players that have low bbiq and no fundamentals that they may or might not learn with years , but i know what you are trying to say . 
  doncic might still improve his athleticism with nba training and when he adds some muscles to his legs , but it 's true that he 's not an elite athlete , that 's his only and major weakness . 
  judging by your comments you know nothing about european basketball , very rarely does any teenager start in a proffesional team , does n't matter how talented they are , you are still an inexperienced , emotionally weak kid and you are still playing against grown man who will exploit your inexperience . 
  there 's also no place for mistakes , college players can make stupid decisions and there is no place for that in a proffesional league , you get benched immediately , there is no tanking in europe , if you lose your team gets relegated , meaning you lose a fuck ton of money , in nba you can play rookie so they can learn through their mistakes and you even get a higher draft pick as your reward . 
  why do you think these college kids do n't go to some of the best european teams then ? 
  do n't you think we would see any college player going to europe and dominate by now ?
