  i always thought it 's because of the traffic , especially if the game is early on . 
  huh til , it does n't bother me personally , but i can see how some people could use this as a reason more to shit on mls . 
  i 'm from slovenia and we are not the most football crazy nation in the world , but i only have one friend who watches mls . 
  it 's probably more popular in other countries who have players that play in the league . 
  on the side note i fell in love with the mls , games are very entertaining , fans are great and personally i like those unique celebrations that some clubs have like montreal with the bell , portland with the log cutting and so on . 
  i 'm used to heavy ultra presence in the game over here and it 's refreshing to see americans take a different route with your football culture . 
  anyway i hope the league grows and it 's to bad so many people look for as many reasons as they can to complain about it , while they have n't watched a single game . 
  great write up !, 
  the weather sucks here currently so lets hope there wo n't be any rain during the game and that the traveling fans have fun . 
  and to bad that dom\u017eale does n't have any ultras so i hope the atmosphere does n't suck , since it 's a big honour to host a club like west ham . 
  dom\u017eale is more of a family club , i wish you could play maribor so atmosphere would be as great as a match like this deserves . 
  ca n't wait for the second leg at your new stadion , i bet our players will shit their pants from the atmosphere and a place like that . 
  we are all mentally prepared ass pounding today , but fans do n't care because it fells as if real madrid came to play here and it will be a great experience for the players . 
  also see you at the world cup qualifiers , ca n't wait to see how big sam will do as a new manager . 
  cheers and good luck mate !, 
  maribor is playing aberdeen at the same time so most of the casual fans are infront of their tvs and watching that game , only maribor and olimpija get the big support with ultras and stuff . 
  you should join our league , penalty calls are not included when you play in the pl . 
  handanovi\u0107 is on fire , but if aberdeen keps the pressure i ca n't see them finishing this game without a goal . 
  i just tried to give you some hope . 
  i 'm sure he went broke so he could buy that plane ticket and will stay in scotland until he dies . 
  both teams have even chances even if maribor got that away goal and trust me , no maribor fan will be as confident as that guy . 
  may he rest in peace , stabbed to death by a broken bottle is my guess ? 
  exactly and i was so nervous watching that i closed my stream and i am not even a maribor supporter . 
  definitely a great and even fixture , no clear favorites which makes it even more exciting . 
  okay a geniue question that probably bothers many other people , but why do american veterans always say that they are fighting/dying for the freedom of the us ? 
  no discrespect to the soldiers who have 5x more balls then me , but it just sounds weird because i ca n't remember the last time any war in the world affected freedom of the normal citizens in the us . 
  of course i completely understand that , i even saw some videos where they send some higher ranking military personnel to poor neighbourhoods where they try to recruit young men . 
  i was more or less reffering to vets who claim they fought for your rights to do this or that , but i ca n't see how much sense it makes coming from an american soldier . 
  they sacrifice their lives on the other side of the world , which deserves respect , but i have a feeling some of them realise they regret going to middle east to fight so they have to justify this in their heads in a way like this . 
  but i guess these kind of people are those glory hunters like you said , when they realise they fucked up . 
  to be fair i would do the same thing if i went to iraq and went through all the shit they go through and at the same time know it was probably for some stupid reason . 
  you are completely right , i heard a quote on the tv a few days ago where a politican said that americans are fighting for the freedom of the world and they proved that in wwi and wwii , of course it benefited them in many other ways , but they still sacrificed their lives and resources so i will always respect that . 
  i was just referring to those vets who claim that because of them little billy can safely play baseball on his backyard , but i am not sure if they genuinely believe that , altough at the same time they deserve respect for going on the other side of the world to fight . 
  great and informative answer will definitely look into it . 
  always appreciate it when someone actually puts some effort to answer the question even if it seems ignorant . 
  amen to that , i always hesitate to ask anything , because people put more effort in downvoting something rather then enlightening the person asking the question . 
  i know it 's much more to it than it looks like , and as you said it goes back to two world wars so there is always a better explanation than the circle jerk of people calling americans stupid . 
  thank you , another great and informative answer . 
  do n't get me wrong , i respect all the individual soldiers ( there are exceptions in every nations military ) , my father was in the yugoslav navy his whole life , but it 's the differences between the nations attitude to the military that are so fascinating to me and the reasons behind it . 
  you are the biggest global power so it 's pretty much expected of you to intervene in certain conflicts , but as you said you ca n't blame normal soldiers for the goverments decisions and i totally get that . 
  anyway i hope you are doing okay now after everything you went through . 
  good to hear , i often read about the lack of psychological help that you veterans receive and in how many suicides that results . 
  it is good that this teenagers will never have to experience what war is like , but i wish they had a little more empathy and thought this one through before escelating it and pissing him off . 
  i bet they could just walk away and leave it be , but pushing his limits and then filming him is not how this should go through . 
  he did not react in the best possible way of course , but you do n't have to be a vet to understand he probably saw and went through a lot of shit , and like you , lost a lot of his buddies . 
  may the best team win !, 
  also props to your travelling fans , it 's amazing around 400 of them came . 
  props to aberdeen and their fans for their performences in both legs , i have never seen so much bad luck in such a short time span . 
  i feel sorry for handanovi\u0107 ... 
  i hope gruji\u0107 will be one of those under klopp . 
  exactly , he already showed some of his talent and potential . 
  i do n't think they will mind , it must suck to play in all black kits with the sun burning . 
  agree , i think the players confidence is low and would only result in a bad start in the new season if he stayed . 
  i just finished watching first season and fuck me i ca n't believe how good her performance was . 
  she showed so much emotions without talking most of the time , regret , fear , confusion ... you could see it all on her face , and she is one of the main reasons i like the show so much . 
  and she is 12 that 's incredible . 
  i guess so , i know mitrovi\u0107 was not allowed to play in the first game in the championship for newcastle , because he got red card in the last game of the 15/16 season . 
  that was very awkward for lloris ... ca n't be sure untill last moment if someone will redirect it with their head . 
  he pretty much made two world class saves against spurs to keep it 1-1 . 
  serbia , turkey , greece and most of the eastern europe has mental fans and a lot if them are ultras from football teams so there is also a lot of riot police inside . 
  and i 'm pretty sure there are videos of them using flares indoors too . 
  anyway it 's crazy not really a family experience https://youtu.be/lyyymqmpb9k, 
  those college chants are nice and make some atmosphere , but they seem kinda opposite of intimidating , you must make other team shit their pants . 
  you would n't see someone like [ ivan bogdanov ] ( http://www.opustise.rs/jt-xlanci/uploads/2015/02/ivan-bogdanov-foto-dado-djilas-1423517524-615487.jpg ) singing those college chants . 
  definitely yes , i know in mls flares are strictly forbidden and punishable , because they do n't want to present football as a sport for barbarians which is totally understandable since they want the sport to grow . 
  it 's just not part of the culture and it 's crazy how much control of the clubs fans here in europe have and how influential ultras can be . 
  and in my opinion the martian is much more forgettable while interstellar left me speechless from the amazing soundtrack/score and scenery/visuals . 
  but each to its own , a lot of my friends also liked the martian more , but the emotional impact that interstellar left on me was amazing , while the martian felt kinda cheesy and predictable . 
  also i did n't like gravity so interstellar really hit that sweet spot for me . 
  i understand that , many people say it makes the movie pretentious , but it 's an addition to the plot that works with some people and it does n't for others . 
  it does n't bother me personally it makes sense to me that characters tried to explain something unknown to them with love , especially when they are in distress , like people who turn to god/religiom to comfort them . 
  also it is a science-fiction at the end of the day . 
  the martian was definetly fun tho , but did n't do much else for me . 
  it did n't help that i saw it at home when you just have to see this kind of movies on the big screen . 
  this video about ww1 is still one of the most unsettling ones i have seen . 
  just gives me this fucked up feeling inside . 
  i do n't know about basketball , but a highly rated manager of arsenal arsene wenger ( football/soccer club ) talked a lot about juicing in football and sports in general . 
  i only follow football and the amount of minutes some of the top players play in a single season is fucking crazy . 
  that includes league games , multiple cup competitions , champions league , international games which results in more than 50 full 90 minutes games ( luis suarez from barcelona is an example , not saying he is juicing btw ) . 
  and if they get injured they recover unhumanly fast ( the best medical staff aside of course ) . 
  if a poster boy for rich multinational company like nike and adidas gets injured then god knows how much pressure club recieves from them and they would do everything to get him back . 
  so much money is pumped into football and basketball sponsorships that they have a lot of influence , i know there is a lot of theories that adidas had a lot of influence over the recent record breaking transfer between manchester united and juventus so who knows . 
  i do n't how much of these could be true for nba , but just thought it could be interesting to share it . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/arsenal/9858938/arsene-wenger-our-game-is-full-of-drug-fuelled-legends-and-needs-to-be-cleaned-up.html https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2016/jan/20/uk-anti-doping-calls-for-meeting-with-arsene-wenger-over-drugs-in-football, 
  great write up !, 
  it just makes me sad to think how great yugoslav football and basketball teams would be today and dominate many other sports . 
  anyway may the best team win !, 
  ** edit : i 'm hijacking this comment for a full length documentary fellow op mentioned to hype you for the game https://youtu.be/wnrxemkup-c**, 
  agree and tenis , handball , volleyball , ski jumping and many other sports would be dominated by yu with football team that could also be a world cup contender . 
  all with a population of around 20mil . 
  i follow soccer more than basketball and i start drooling just by thinking about that , we could put together a world cup winning team and even b team could be crazy good . 
  that 's how americans must feel when they are putting together a team for any basketball competition , so much talent and so many possibilities . 
  oh do n't start please , that midfield is giving me a boner . 
  and mati\u0107 , kampl ... team with more depth than mariana trench . 
  yugoslavia was always a super power in football , but it ca n't be compared to the amount of talented players of this generation and there is always coruption in football here in the balkans . 
  even in the 1992 yugoslavia was disqualified from the euro cup because of the war and denmark qualified instead , and they won the whole competition in the end . 
  there is no tito to hold us together , anyway the damage is done . 
  i meant slovenia would cover ski jumping , peter prevc was unreachable this season and can just get better with years , his younger brother included . 
  primo\u017e peterka , robert kranjec ? 
  also to claim it 's the first time being relevant is stupid , while world cups are held in planica being one of the biggest hills for jumping .
