  both of gks undererformed/unlucky in the psv game in my opinion , but he really crumbled under pressure in cl final , the whole team looked unprepared . 
  yes  i 'm from kranj actually so i see him all the time when the nt trains here , also my friends neighbour was his girlfriend and he still visits from time to time , but i only give him a friendly nod without bothering him . 
  it does yeah i 'm not sure actually how he managed to do that all the time , my friend was telling me he always rode his bike , but did n't believe him 100 % until i read it in his interview , props to him for that . 
  oh man same here , and he said that before cl final and i swear to god he disappeared from everywhere for a gew months after they lost , no interviews nothing , even for slovenian news sources , i felt so sorry for him because he must have been so dissapointed in himself . 
  i meant bicycle , 50km in a day a few times a week is crazy ( he was riding a train during winter ) . 
  it blows my mind he had so much mental strength at that age , and he never bragged about doing it either until he was asked about it just before cl final . 
  here 's an [ interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obuzhoird_i ) with him when he was still in olimpija and talks about football being first then school and everything else , he also just underwent tryout in fullham and he still claimed he does n't even rate himself high enough to play there or any bigger club when reported said he thinks he deserves it to play in top clubs in the future . 
  it shows how being a humble and hard working teenager will bring you far and not letting attention get in your head . 
  exactly , you get a lot of shit if you do something wrong and it can be frustrating if you let the critisism lower your confidence , so that mental strength after the cl final served him right , because it 's not hard to see how something like that could affect you in the next season and make your performances worse . 
  i can see him performing good and being consistent in every club he goes in the future with that attitude . 
  did n't he play for the b team ? 
  as i said a weird personality , he pushed things in his own way but it worked for him , you guys will hate him for leaving in that way but i guess he really wanted to go to atletico when they came knocking . 
  looks like goalkeepers are the only good thing we can produce these days , i 'm very excited for vodi\u0161ek i think he 'll be playing with the u19 team this week in euro qualifiers . 
  yeah i overreacted a little , but our two really top tier players are oblak and handa , maybe even kampl . 
  but i trust olimpija the most with producing good players , \u0160porar to basel was a huge step forward and definitely zajc , he 's such a joy to watch and looks to be on fire recently . 
  overall i 'm happy with elsner going to olimpija , he should do a good job with youngsters . 
  imagine that you are told no one can drive you to training and you just decide to add another 50km to your normal training routine , fuck that i 'd rather stay home , but that shows how dedicated he is and no wonder he came so far . 
  it wo n't be easy , it 's incredible how motivated they are . 
  their basketball team really played their hearts out against us in the euro qualifiers and their football team will do the same . 
  although it 's not the best comparison with your world cup achievement , you always had the best players in the balkans , besides serbia . 
  father is speaking with quite a heavy accent , you can tell he was not born in central slovenia and it 's basically how farmers would talk , slovenska verzija seljaka if you will . 
  jan is speaking the most normal slovene you can , other 50 accents we have annoy the shit out of me , especially those stereotypical accents near austria , even i ca n't understand them and it 's the complete opposite of formal/normal slovene and other slovenes make as much fun of them as others . 
  but i guess that 's what we get when we border italy , austria and croatia . 
  this `` journalist '' is the one who lied about what is in yearly report of slovenian fa and again claims \u010ceferin spent in to buy shares , while it clearly says in the report that the facility cost 8.5 mil and uefa/fifa payed for 90 % of that , and all public information confirms that . 
  he always claims about having `` inside '' information from `` unknown sources '' and pulls information out of his ass in all 3 or 4 articles posted by him , while he is the only one who even reports these things . 
  there is of course corruption in fifa/uefa and all that , but in this case he posts articles every few weeks spreading miss information about \u010ceferin that are can be dismissed by having a quick look at the reports that are open to public . 
  having a population of 320million is a big reason you can put a decent team together , if you were are country with a few million we would be looking at a different story , that works in your favour in many sports . 
  i get what you are trying to say , but my point was that you are so huge that you can put together a decent team even if football is not so popular . 
  you underestimate just how big you are , i just checked and you have 4.2 million registered players , that 's the whole population of croatia . 
  i think the us progressed to a level above everyone , the least surprising thing is that luka is from ex-yugoslavia that has 5 world cup titles , currently tied with the us . 
  there is a lot of young talent here in europe , it 's just that the american youth system is another beast with a competitive highschool and college basketball , but the problem is that football/soccer will be always more popular here . 
  exactly , basketball comes 3th or 4th in majority of eu countries , except in the balkans ( greece , turkey , ex-yu ) and france and spain where it 's second . 
  lithuania is the only country where basketball is n. 1 and there is only 2 million of them . 
  third * , i had a brain fart, 
  he 's just salty because his tax money is spent on saving matt from trouble all the time . 
  again with the bullshit numbers , i do n't know where that josimar guy got his numbers when uefa financed 90 % of a 8.5 million project . 
  where the hell would our fa get the 8.5 million , if 3.6 mil out of 4 million was used for buying shares . 
  all of the accusations come from the `` inside sources '' when the fifa and uefa ethics committee confirmed nothing is wrong and that the loan was used for its intentions . 
  i 'm all for seeking out corruption , but this all looks so stupid . 
  also it would be more or less balanced and competitive if we have a look at the clubs in the balkans and the quality of those who usually drop europa league and some from the cl . 
  there wo n't be any top teams , but it 's a good way to give something more to mid tier clubs and their fans . 
  exactly , a lot of these could be created , with top 5-6 leagues being left out . 
  although politics would be a problem in some parts as you said . 
  i am and i have heard of it actually , but to be honest i have no idea how serious the clubs approach was to the competition , thank you for reminding me i got curious now and will do some reading about it . 
  anyway yugoslav first league was probably the priority , but then i would guess copa mitropa was second and then yugoslav cup third , although i doubt it someone here is old enough to correct me or confirm it . 
  that does n't make any sense when every single country pulls players from ever corner of the land , it 's not like that national team comes from a single academy . 
  if you spread that many players across europe you would get the best team in the world , the best clubs in the world are practically made from players around the world that do n't even speak the same language , yugoslavia was made from 6 different republics and was always among the best teams in the world . 
  you can hardly use that as an excuse , imagine if you were a country of few millions and football would still be 4th or 5th most popular sport , your nt would suck and you can imagine how population helps with that . 
  oh and not to mention your basketball team , are they disjointed and shit , it 's all about how popular the sport is , not all countries have the academies like germany and they still have great teams because kids play football since they can walk and they see as something that can make them famous , it 's the same in the us but with nhl , nfl , mlb and nba . 
  probably because he can win some medals with spain and be competitive in all competitions . 
  it might not make him the most popular guy in montenegro because of his decision , but you can see why he would chose spain . 
  as a slovenian my advice would be to bet on slovakia win ( 3.30 ) or draw ( 3.10 ) against us . 
  the only reason the odds are so high for slovakia is that they have never beaten slovenia , but the last time they played was in 2009 so different teams and we had a very good manager back then , not to mention the current squad is rebuilding right now with a lot of young guys getting playing time . 
  and the biggest reason is that kevin kampl , our best player who gives his heart out for this team on the field , is missing because of the crazy tempo leverkusen had and he played in every game full 90min , so that caused a big upset here in slovenia and even the players publicly stated that he let them down before very tough games . 
  beside the fact that our team is playing much worse without him , the morale is probably not that good because of it . 
  i have zero expectations for us with slovakia being a better team anyway , our team missing a key player and not getting the best results against worse sides than us in the recent times , add to that a manager that nobody likes because he does n't have a clue what he is doing . 
  upsets can happen , but double chance on slovakia or draw no bet is a good option if you consider the odds are quite good . 
  just a quick edit to remind people to consider all the information me and my slovakian buddy shared before placing a bet , it will be a very open game with both teams needing a result , but as i said slovakia has the quality on their side and the odds favour the wrong team !, 
  i made a mistake of not checking if you are missing any players so thanks for sharing this . 
  i also forgot to mention we are missing robert beri\u0107 , who would be the most in-form striker in our team if he was n't injured so it levels it even for both of us , which as you said still makes you are better team , i mean we have even drawn with lithuania with kampl so god knows how will we perform tommorow . 
  i would go for it , our defense is very error prone with some old and not very fast players and slovakia has enough fire power to do their job , we let two in against lithuania afterall . 
  i also predict a very open game with both teams needing a result when we have drawn and slovakia lost against england , they will feel they can get a result against us . 
  we can also score from time to time like we did against switzerland , but then they scored 3 goals in 10 minutes so you can see why i 'm so fast to critcize our defense and fragile mentality of the team . 
  that 's awkward because here 's the interview with the albanian who admits flying the drone https://youtu.be/wuuugin8que, 
  \u00cffair enough that seems possible , but why in the world would serbs do this anyway , one thing is to make albanians look bad , but it doesnt take a genious to consider that the plan could backfire like it did . 
  and why would the albanian risk his life for this and go to jail to do a favour for them ? 
  not to mentions he is fucked in albania if he helped serbs . 
  exactly , why would the serbs fuck themself over , there was 100 % chance riot will happen , especially with the ivan bogdanov in the stands . 
  that dude is probably a hero for you and pretty much risked his life when he admitted it . 
  i really doubt there is any conspiracy behind this no matter how corrupt the fa is . 
  exactly , the manager even said in the press conference that the media does n't know the full story behing the kampl affair and that he will tell them after the two games , so that does n't sound comforting . 
  i hope we can cause an upset , but i do n't see it happening , also handicap is also a great pick i forgot to mention . 
  i ca n't believe it either , slovaks are not trying at all after needing this win, 
  it was looking like a given draw until the goal came from nowhere , i have a feeling someone will get a red in our team , it 's a very physical game, 
  yeah i even decided to edit the post to make sure people take everything into the consideration , i took the same bet so i might lose it aswell , sorry if it turns out that way, 
  i was holding back from betting since the end of the last season and was so sure about this , i guess i jinxed this game, 
  he felt fatique from starting and playing all 90 minutes of every game leverkusen played in this season . 
  it caused a shit storm here because everyone felt he let the nt down before two important games , even the players said said that in a public statement because there is many of them who joined the camp even if they were tired . 
  he is arguably or best player right now so it makes things harder for them . 
  media could n't shut up about it and everybody was shitting on kampl , while he is one of those who always left his heart out on the field and i feel sorry for him because of all the hate he is getting , especially after playing non stop after coming from the summer break . 
  pretty much , he 's getting loaned all over the place in the last few years so form and confidence is not really there . 
  that 's not how it works, 
  i feel so sorry for him , some amazing saves in the last few games and then an awkward mistake that i hope wo n't further fuck with his confidence . 
  this is as opposite from ripping off as you can get , i do n't know why would you think that . 
  it 's not even survival stuff and they both created their yt channels in maj 2015 . 
  there are some old channels on yt about survival , but i do n't see people saying primitive technology is ripping them off . 
  oh man they do , especially in small villages/rural areas where i lived as a kid . 
  they got shitfaced with hard liquor and looked for any group of kids/teenagers to terrorize , who were usually also outside just to fight and throw firecrackers at them , they would also stop cars and sometimes scratch them with chains . 
  i was always to big of a pussy to go outside , i was even to afraid to turn on the lights in the house , but my friends would often get hit on the back or legs by the chains , or they would tie them around a tree if they did n't know how to pray . 
  good times man , a little traumatizing but fun nonetheless . 
  it varies from town to town , some are more violent and do stupid stuff because they are drunk , but in the cities it was always more for a show and to scare kids . 
  although our krampus were not as scarry looking , they did n't have those demonic masks and amazing details like in the cities , they just wore thick black suits and masks with horns and red tongues . 
  some of the austrian ones look like they came straight from hell . 
  i lived in a village next to kranj so it was the same group of people every year and it was always like that . 
  they got drunk , dressed up and walked an hour or two with st.nicholas and then went around in a group to cause some trouble . 
  everyone was inside by then so it was just people from village/city who wanted to fight and krampus , so it did n't really bother anyone , but some of them really took it to far with violence . 
  anyway as you said it 's much tamer in bigger towns/cities , but they have to behave there and just make a good show . 
  i share your pain man , for some reason i just ca n't stand it , i hope i will get used to it , but it just annoys me right now . 
  most of the people like it here so fair enough , but it 's so distracting and out of place for me . 
  i agree , navas saved your asses more times than oblak did atleticos , especially in laliga .
