  http://sports.yahoo.com/news/uefa-presidential-favorite-criticizes-champions-league-deal-093650780--sow.html here is the article where he gives his opinion . 
  to be fair he got accused for a lot of stupid things that he disputed , for example the promise about scandinavian countries could be bullshit , because uefa president is not the one who just picks the country he wants , there is a group of officials who vote for this kind of things . 
  also they tried to hack his law firm three times from three different places , including netherlands so it just shows you how they are willing to do anything . 
  people ca n't get their head around the fact that it is possible for a guy from small slovenia to gain support for countries like germany , italy , france , portugal , russia and so on . 
  anyway i hope that whoever wins does n't fall into corruption , it cant get worse that platini . 
  you can find his program in pdf format to download if you are interested , but if you gain support from germany , italy , france , portugal , russia maybe even spain , you must be doing something right . 
  not to mention that if he comes from slovenia , he will do a lot to pleasure both bigger and smaller nations , so i think it 's the best end result for all , unlees he really gets mixed up with some corruption , but i hope not . 
  if you want his opinions on these changes http://sports.yahoo.com/news/uefa-presidential-favorite-criticizes-champions-league-deal-093650780--sow.html . 
  he is also strongly against formation of super league . 
  i already posted it here , but maybe if you missed it his opinions on this changes http://sports.yahoo.com/news/uefa-presidential-favorite-criticizes-champions-league-deal-093650780--sow.html, 
  you never know if will get mixed up in some corruption , but this accusations were wrong , because uefa president is not the one who chooses who will host competitions , a group of officials in the uefa votes for this kind of things . 
  you have a point , he even says it himself that money talks with this kinds of decisions . 
  he can be very ambicious and i genuinely believe he would like a better solution , but he is careful with his words , because even as a president you know there will be a lot of pressure from stakeholders and other leadership inside uefa . 
  he said he will try to battle the corruption , but as many users here said you must never expect to much from uefa/fifa . 
  oh boy i did n't think this one through , unless he goes and blows presidents of fa for support . 
  his familys law firm is the best in slovenia so all the baddies with a lot of money will go to him of course . 
  how did all the experience in football help platini ? 
  we all know how he ended up . 
  i know everybody is shitting on him being from a small and insignificant slovenia , but i hope this will motivate him to prove himself even more . 
  i get you point , he still has to prove himself and i hope he does , but his lack of experience aside i hope he supports the decisions that will go along well with all european fa , and trust him he will do that considering he knows how it feels to be from a small country . 
  things will never change in a major way , there is to much shady shit going behind the scenes , and if he does n't get involved in a major corruption scandal we will make a huge step forward . 
  we can only trust him , especially if he was backed up by so many big fa , but promising and being ambitious is all that these candidates do , if he will act on them is a different story . 
  most of it is bullshit anyway , not to mention \u010ceferins law firm was hacked from three different countries , including netherlands so it looks like all sides were desperate for support . 
  he still gained support of 42 fa so majority of countries is happy with the result , but not much will change anyway i think , maybe for smaller fa . 
  my argument is that all the experience and connections did n't help platini in letting himself get corrupted , so can it really get worse than that with \u010ceferin . 
  i geniuenly believe he wants to do great things , but even as a slovenian i do n't fool myself in believing he can reach majority of his promises and ambitions , that 's impossible . 
  also i do believe as you said that not everything was done without any help from outside , there is to much at stake , but you must admit that you do n't get support from 42 countries without a great program and plans . 
  in the end i do n't expect anything big from him , no one here will , but judging by votes much more people are happy than disappointed . 
  i 'm interested in how many more spots europe would get . 
  i always read about african and asian countries needing a few more . 
  i agree with you , which makes me a giant hypocrit because our nt is also mediocre at best , but i would still prefer more european teams than asian/african ones , even if it means we never quialify . 
  it 's hard to dissagree with him if you did n't grow up in the us , but it 's not about who does sports better , it 's just the difference in culture so it 's pointless to argue about it . 
  i feel like they put a lot more emphasis on things revolving around the game itself ( mainly nfl ) than us , but that 's just how it is . 
  this comment went from +8 / 9 to downvoted to hell in ten minutes wtf ? 
  you can play soccer on sand , grass , pavement ... you can argue all you want , but it would still be the most popular sport in the world . 
  i appreciate your argument , but i still think you are wrong , no kids in africa will never get ice hockey arena , i actually ca n't believe what you are saying , it 's so stupid and weird . 
  we can have a nuclear war and people could still play soccer , your arguments about some alternate universe are meaningless . 
  also saying soccer is for woman proves how childish you are , or you ca n't accept the fact soccer is the most popular sport if you like it or not . 
  for example i love soccer , but i do n't claim it 's the best sport , i actually like hockey and think it 's one of the hardest sports in the world , but i wo n't make stupid comments about it just because i love soccer more . 
  you were trying to make a different point , but it does n't matter i understand what you are trying to say . 
  these are the arguments everyone makes , but they probably never watched more than a few games in their life , it 's easy to see a gif of a retarded player diving , but that happens very very rarely in a game , and if it happens players get booked/penalised and sent off , so you can fuck over your team very easily . 
  some player are diving because soccer is so fast paced you ca n't just pause the game and let refs see a decisions , so player can dive and hope ref will fall for it . 
  also almost every single game someone gets his head busted when their heads clash together , even if it 's not tolerated it does n't mean it 's not physical look at this for example from a few days ago https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewawfbirhv0 , people have their ankles/legs broken all the time from tackling . 
  also they are trying to implement video referee into soccer so that will make it up for all the bad decisions refs have to make in a split second . 
  oh and maybe futsal would be more to you liking , more fast paced , smaller pitch , it can be more fun to watch in some cases , some of the things players do with the ball is crazy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbb8pdengjm . 
  i understand your critisim of the sport , but if you decide to hate the game before you even watch it than it 's not worth critising . 
  it 's like someone claiming american football is stupid because of the commercials and stuff , but personally i would look for the fun that happens when the game is played , why would i claim the whole sport is stupid because of something so small . 
  i completely understand that , if you do n't like the sport it will be hard to tolerate it , it 's like watching a movie you know you will hate . 
  also it does n't help italy is famous for it 's tactical and boring games . 
  but in the end every sport could be picked apart and hated if it 's not for you , i have a friend who claims players who play video games as a proffesion work harder than basketball/soccer/hockey player , now try to wrap your head around that statement . 
  another one after the final whistle https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad59zubtmbm&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  obligatory [ red star belgrade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0128crrnags ) , serbs , greeks , turks are mad when it comes to basketball/soccer atmosphere . 
  goddamn you are salty, 
  you can do it in a much better way , i see a lot of juve flairs being a much better sport about it . 
  it 's not like you are not gon na win the league because of one game . 
  it 's basically questioning his actual experience in the politics of the sport , which is what bothers most people and some of the things he claims about his experience pressumably does n't add up . 
  yeah because he straight up makes up information from thin air , i spent 5 minutes of research to come up with the right information . 
  also he pretty much lied about what is in the yearly report of slovenian fa . 
  also it happened in the 90s ' in what was the biggest war in europe after ww2 , like that oj simpson case for example that many americans remember happened before the genocide , i watched some of the videos and you can sense zero humanity in any of them . 
  i know , i just tried to emphasise bosnian genocide happened on european soil and many people still do n't know it even happened , i mean i have read comments here on reddit who were not sure if there is still war going in some parts of former yugoslavia , but your point still stands . 
  [ i think this was the first match for lyon in their new stadium ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nw23hpdbtea ), 
  * `` try the new geico insurance commercial every few minutes '' * why do n't you go fuck yourself ? 
  it 's like when you are in a group of friends and say something bad about someone and you realize that person was there the whole time . 
  great list if you ask me , i bet people who watch only heavily mainstream/marketed movies do n't know most of these . 
  and i hate it when people assume everyone has seen spirited away , i know maybe two people who have seen it and that 's because they are anime fans . 
  i appreciate the effort , i have n't seen half of those so i 'll definitely check them out . 
  for suggestions i would recommend blue ruin , the guest and bone tomahawk , they are all great and strike me as movies that do n't get enough love or at least did n't reach wider audience . 
  bone tomahawk especially is one of my favorites with great actors/acting , it 's one of those slow paced horror movies with eerie atmosphere throughout and no cliches . 
  just look how much space and time he had , it 's hard to predict where he will finish , not to mention how accurate he put that ball in the net , props to him . 
  destro had so much space and time no wonder he finished so accuretly , not to mention it 's hard to predict where he will finish with no pressure on him . 
  would n't granatomet mean `` grenade thrower/launcher '' ? 
  i 'm from slovenia and i would translate the word `` met '' as `` throw '' , for example `` dober met '' translates to `` good throw '' , i guess it 's the same for most slavic countries . 
  thanks for confirming , also it 's always nice to see just how similar slavic languages are with spelling being the only difference most of the times , in this case we would say `` ro\u010dni protitankovski granatomet '' . 
  why was the scoreboard in the stadium showing 1-0 before he even scored, 
  handanovi\u0107 mental breakdown incoming, 
  i think handanovi\u0107 had the best stats of all goalkeepers at some point last season ( around new year i think ) and really saved inter many times , but then it went downhill for the whole team . 
  both are the best in seria a and i think the best way to say it is that if buffon was tested as many times as handanovi\u0107 is , he would perfom at least as good as him or even better . 
  i would n't call that horrible , inters ' back line fucked him over so many times that he ca n't really do that much in many cases . 
  one mistake i remember is his penalty foul against fiorentina last season , that was horrible , but he saved you guys so many times that it 's even . 
  they do n't , but with the defense inter has and with the amount of times he saved them last season you see he is a good goalkeeper . 
  navas and de gea were two of the gk that did the same thing last season, 
  that 's fair enough i guess , but you must admit that inter is not what it used to be , so you could shit on almost every player you have right now compared to those you had years ago . 
  i 'm not covering his ass , i know he is inconsistent , but that goes hand in hand with how the rest of your squad performs and he is the best gk you could have right now . 
  fans will also always be looking for scapegoat when the team is not doing good , and you ca n't say handanovi\u0107 is the reason for that , when he and a few other players are backbone of inter . 
  i really respect your opinion , but i disagree with calling him mediocre , each to his own though . 
  all of those gk would also perform better if they had juve defense , but aside that i also think buffon is still the best , he is my childhood hero , one of the best personalities in this sport . 
  nba is clearly level above all leagues , but it would be great to have more of nba equivalent in quality so we could have some sort of champions league for basketball , just like in football/soccer . 
  oh no doubt about that , as an european i can only wish any of eu teams could put up a fight in nba , but they would get destroyed , the gap is to big and a lot of things went in madrids favor today . 
  i was thinking in a sense that if any non-american leagues existed with the nba quality , but it would n't workout as you said , not to mention the traveling , the whole system should be remade . 
  it works here in eu for football because there are 4-5 countries with top tier leagues with others not that far behind so it 's very competitive and you can have an elite competition like champions league , but nba is already to big and competitive so we can only dream . 
  i think his father said that he wo n't rush with the nba and instead wait and develop for a few years in madrid and that he should n't forget to have some fun as a teen beside basketball so that 's fair enough i guess . 
  i mean you never know how will he decide , but it 's still incredible he wo n't turn 18 for another 5 months or so . 
  he 's ex professional player so he tries to get the attention from his son and let him enjoy this years as a kid so he does n't fuck it up later , which i understand , but you still have a point it 's hard to be smart as a youngster when nba contract is knocking . 
  although he 's a loyal kid , he was openly invited to play for spains nt , but he declined and said slovenia is his only choice so props to him for that . 
  as a slovenian i really hope he decides to go as soon as possible , waiting for at least two years will be hard enough . 
  his positioning is crazy good , makes a lot of saves look easy and shots on goal look bad . 
  he also shoved many times he can save penalties during 90minutes , but for some reason freezes during penalty shootouts so i hope he gets the needed confidence with experience . 
  he 's a very hard working person overall , he drove for 25km with his bicycle from his home town to trainings in ljubljana , also keeps almost no presence on social media and has a hard time giving intervews because he feels like he did n't achieve anything special yet , oh and he wanted to be a striker until coach saw his potential in goalkeeping . 
  a weird but dedicated personality . 
  here 's an [ interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obuzhoird_i ) where he says he still does n't rate himself high enough to play for fullham or any other big clubs after having a tryout there , when a reporter said he thinks he deserves it .
