thank you sir , i really appreciate your compliment and advice !, 
  i can say calves were my weak spot when i started in the gym , they were always small compared to my other body parts , but i really made them better and bigger in these 4 months so i am were positive that i can make them a lot bigger and defined in the future . 
  i am trying to train them twice a week , so i think that wont be a problem . 
  i am following big man on campus program from steve cook ( you can get it on bodybuilding.com ) . i change exercises every month now and have decided to change my bodybuilding program with powerlifting from time to time and include some calisthenics in it.i also do cardio twice a week ( ussualy just slow paced incline walking , but never tried hiit ) . i can say my nutrition was not the best whole time , because i am still trying to beat my old eating habits ( i was fat almost all my life ) , but i am trying to eat 5-6 meals a day 3 of them are usually carbohydrates and right after and before sleep i try to eat proteins . 
  i dont really have enough money to buy protein powder or something similar , but i make my own protein shake and eat a lot of tuna fish , chicken breast , eggs , green vegetables and try to drink a lot of water . 
  the only problem is that i wake up at 6am and come from school at 16.00 pm and right after that i go to the gym , so basically everything i do is study and workout . 
  i sleep only 5 or 6 hours during school , but that is the only way to keep good grades in school and still do good workouts ( i realize lack of sleep hurts my gains a lot ) . 
  i am far away from my short term goal , but i became so passionate about bodybuilding , that i decided i will try to compete when i am 18 or 19 ( i just turned 16 btw ) . 
  anyway thank you for your compliment . 
  no , just fat . 
  already lost 15lbs when i took first picture by just eating right and i always had big chest ( muscles and fat ) , because i loved to do pushups when i was younger and i can get the best pump in my chest and yes i kill them every monday in the gym . 
  i can guarantee you my chest are rock solid , even my upper chest is starting to show up . 
  thank you very much , i dont know why i forgot to smile , 
  thank you man , but i must disappoint you about the penis thing ... i am not that gifted . 
  same height on both pictures , but my friend was sitting , when he took the after picture and was further away then on the first one . 
  thank you !, 
  i do incline dumbbell press , wide grip bench press , cable crossover , some dips or incline pushups and ussualy incline bench press for upper chest . 
  but keep in mind that i change exercises every month so my body doesnt get used to certain exercise and my gains dont stop . 
  i dont have the best proportions either , but that will get fixed through years of hard work and patience . 
  it will take some time , but you will get there trust me just keep up the good work !, 
  thank you ... i still have to lose some fat , but i work on my abs 2 times a week ( dont want to get them thick , because i still have some fat on them my stomach will just look bigger ) . 
  i dont do exercises for my side abs , because i dont want to have big hips ( they say squats and deadlifts make your hips bigger , but i dont know if that is true ) so i just do classical crunches , decline crunches , plank hold , lying leg raise and i repeat them 4 times with minimal rest . 
  many have problems with my grumpy face ... yes i had not intentions to share this two pictures with others in the first place so i am really sorry . 
  i really didnt care how my face looked like when i was taking pictures , 
  i am a very positive and happy person so dont get me wrong !, 
  i have heard of that yes ... nobody ever said that i have that strict face , but mybe i make that impression on these pictures . 
  its not like i walk with face like that outside . 
  thanks for advice i will definitely do something about it !, 
  yes i really have good genetics and i am happy , that i can use them for something and mybe someday i can even win competitions as a bodybuilder . 
  my current goal is to maximize my potential and just be happy , that i decided for a change so early . 
  i really appreciate your compliment , gives me even more motivation , 
  i wish i could afford it :( eating shit load of eggs , chicken breasts , fish and making home made protein shakes from eggs , curd , milk , banana and cacao ( tastes like shit btw ) !, 
  i actually decided to lose weight for the first time around a year ago or even more , just because of a girl i liked.now i realize this was the biggest mistake , but also a good thing . 
  i got motivated to workout , but i gave up so fast , because i was doing it for someone else . 
  i have lost some weight during that time , but gained it all back and decided to do it again 6 months ago . 
  if you ask me why , i really dont know , its not like i woke up in the morning and said i want a change , but i know that friend started with street workout at that time and i became interested in it . 
  first i was just doing pushups with no intentions to lose weight , but soon after that i bought a gym membership with my friend . 
  in the first month we had no idea what we were doing , but i really got interested in human autonomy and healty lifestyle and it started by reading some articles or watching youtube videos . 
  i found my first bodybuilding program , wrote it all down , made my measurements , did something with my nutrition and started working hard . 
  at that time i knew i was motivated as hell ( mybe because i decided for a big change for the first time in my life ) and was willing to go through anything.i knew , that i did something good and that was also keeping me going in the beginning . 
  i was talking to myself , stop being a little bitch and do something , conquer your fears !, 
  i watched motivational videos all the time , but after some time i realized true motivations comes from me . 
  i was always jealous on other good looking guys , but i realized i must first compete with myself and wake up every morning and be better person then yesterday . 
  i really fell in love with bodybuilding and decided , that this will be my future no matter what , did not care about girls or what other people think about me ( i mean i still dont ) , the only thing that mattered were my dreams . 
  i learned a lot in this 6 months just because i was hungry for learning , also made some mistakes ( including giving up for a short time ) , but we learn from them to and i always looked on them as something positive ( people get more mature and wiser through failures and by getting uncomfortable ) . 
  before you start you must be also ready to fail in the process and you must promise to yourself , if you give up you will get up even stronger then before . 
  you will give up from time to time , but you will never quit . 
  everything is possible it just takes time , i know , that for me the hardest thing was to accept the fact , that results wont come after one night . 
  if you decide to make a change you already did a lot ( more then you think ) !, 
  i always had a lot of friends and nobody picked on me because i was fat , but still i just said , that i dont want to be like this anymore ( i asked myself when was the last time and did something for the first time ) . 
  i could feel sorry for myself , because i was fat , ugly , was not good at most things , but i knew , that i must respect myself big enough to know , that i deserve the best . 
  some people were given good things or were pretty and so on , but i decided i will work hard for it . 
  you know you can do it !, 
  we all start somewhere and learn through the process , so you just start with slow peaced running 2-3times a week if you are not used to it and start with some bodyweight exercises ( pushups , pull ups,crunches,sit-ups , squats ) . 
  you will gain muscles and strength with bodyweight exercises and also lose fat , because your whole body is working !, 
  if you are not used to run everyday , start it slowly and by just running 50 or 100m more then previous day you will make a huge progress . 
  if there are mountains or hills around you , it would be even better to walk to the top slowly ( fat will be melting from you ) . 
  this basic things will do for the beginning , its important , that you find out , what kind of workout suits you the best . 
  you can fell in love with running , street workout , fitness or bodybuilding , powerlifting and so on ... the results will give you more motivation and keep you going and one day you will realize , that the working out changed your life . 
  that feeling when someone says if you lost some weight is priceless ( just one on many many reason to make a change ) . 
  i hope , i helped you at least a little bit and i really wish you all the best and good luck !, 
  one day you will know what i was talking about and help someone else change their life . 
  my all time favorite is probably dorian just because he was/is a really hardcore player in this industry and reminds me of myself ( i enjoy the fuck out of high intensity , hardcore training and i prefer working out alone and in silence - `` workout in silence , let the succes speak '' ) . 
  and i like his overall attitude and look on this sport . 
  i also like lee priest , because he always talks honestly and really doesnt give a shit about haters ... really a great man in my opinion . 
  but the biggest motivator is kai nobody can deny that !, 
  jay cutler and dorian yates i think you can relate to them ... look on the bright side , when you bring up your shoulders and back you will look like a beast with those wide hips and upper body !, 
  phil has it again this year , it 's just that he has the body that is desired right now . 
  i wish kai could win , but we all know judges will always have second thoughts about him ( some dark secrets we know about ) . 
  so again i think phil first , kai second , mybe jay third , but just because he is jay and former mr.o then dexter or shawn and on 5th or 6th place ramy . 
  some of my favorite yt channels :, 
  mrzhasni ,, 
  zhasnimotivation ,, 
  renatos666 ,, 
  muscleprodigtytv ,, 
  musclefactory2010 ,, 
  greg plitt yt channel ,, 
  slavvs ,, 
  ct fletcher, 
  it annoys me that more than half european countries dont even play generation iron . 
  literally not even one theater in the whole country plays it : /, 
  old but gold !, 
  what about a musket ? 
  you would have to craft and carry around with you those small gunpowder flasks to reload it or something like that . 
  and a bayonet on it could be useful and fun to use . 
  i kinda agree with [ this guy 's predictions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emggnuwymna&amp;list=uuequmzzbw2mrcmxkweo7diw ) and his opinion on ramy , although that justin compton 's 5th place prediction surprised me a little . 
  his name is miha zupan . 
  the most successful bodybuilder in slovenia and one of the top amateur competitors in europe ( he was second in this years amateur olympia europe in under 100kg ) . 
  i workout in the gym he owns and trains in very often and can easily say he is one of the nicest and most bad ass looking bodybuilders ( with his tattoos , hair and a beard ) . 
  he is trained by a famous italian trainer and started seriously when he was around 24 , but works out since he was 17 . 
  i think he has a conditioning and vascularity of a ifbb pro , maybe even better then some of the competitors , the only problem is he still does n't have enough mass to move out of the amateur competitions . 
  i have recently met jay cutler and can say miha has much much thinner skin then jay ( even when in offseason ) and jay still outweighs him and probably has the same body fat as him . 
  now you know some more then just his name . 
  true , but jay just lost his size and even when i look at photos of his prime i ca n't really see a crazy amount of vascularity . 
  comparing miha to frank mcgrath and brench in vascularity/conditioning would be ideal . 
  he showed me his abs in person and you can actually see some kind of a `` bandage '' under his skin that holds certain muscles in his abdominals together ( only in competition conditioning though ) . 
  he trains in kranj and bled , but also travels to italy to get supervised by mauro sassi ( his trainer from italy ) . 
  does anyone know where was this picture taken ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
  it would be majestic to see a place like this in person .
