  top clubs from croatia and serbia are still better right now and were much better decades ago , potentional violence aside this could benefit everyone with leagues becoming more attractive to foreign players , more recognition and money for everyone and may gain a decent interest from other countries football fans who could watch competitive/entertaining games with great atmosphere , although not a lot of quality , but that could go up over time . 
  i do n't know man , we are in no position where we could pass this opportunity , it 's not like a rich saudi will buy one of our clubs and foreign players are still more attracted to dinamo or red star . 
  our league will still develop and this will be a seperate competition anyway which should ease all of your worriers in my opinion . 
  oh yeah sure https://youtu.be/oq_n3ndh9_w , a shit load of riot police is there for fun , or when ultras lit a giant bonfire fire in the stands and when a multiple fans died in the last years ... just your every day stuff . 
  racism in football is present all over europe , there is a lot of black players in russia , especially in basketball and no one probably cares . 
  i know there is one club in their first divison where fans support signings of player that are only of slavic origin , but i ca n't remember the name right now , but in anyway racism on the club level will play no role on the international tournament . 
  while we are at it , south africa is also famous for racism but was it relevent in the world cup ? 
  racism will almost for sure not impact the tournament in any way , hooliganiam yes that is the main problem here . 
  everything will be okay and after the last riots during the euros uefa wo n't take anything lightly , if quatar can host it after all the deaths then there is no way they will take it from russia . 
  i mean they probably just do n't care about those things rather than support it , but it is extremly hyporcitical from fifa because they are in everyones faces about how much they are against racism ... as you said it 's about money and greed and not about what is right . 
  players would n't care anyway , they are probably more concerned about keeping that lead in la liga and ca n't wait for that winter break . 
  even barcelona let their opponents slip two or three goals in a few days ago . 
  if you browse by new you will see that majority of posts get downvoted to around 40 % and go up after half an hour or so , it 's not because of people who do n't like mls , it 's because it 's reddit and there are people who just downvote stuff for fun . 
  it 's usually just 2-3 downvotes that bring it that low and it gives you that impression . 
  i have seen some great content/questions posted and they to get downvoted because people just ca n't decide what to hate . 
  although there are people who post comments about mls wanting to be funny or just straight up shit on the league and i want to punch those people in the face so hard . 
  as a slovene i 'm so happy luka exists , not just because of how good he is/will become , but because basketball is in a free fall here , we do n't have any club that plays in euroleague anymore , clubs are letting talented youngsters go because they ca n't develop them and ca n't even pay them ( just recently one 19 year old player left our biggest club and went to italy because they owed him 9000 $ from last season ) , instead they go to spain , croatia , serbia . 
  very low attendances , poor performances from our clubs in the lower european competitions are only a bonus to the financial problems that will only get worse . 
  i 'm excited because luka might inspire future generations if he becomes a huge deal in the nba and while that wo n't solve any problems at the club level , it will definitely produce players that were inspired by their own countryman to who they can relate to . 
  it sounds weird , but he is a beacon of hope for basketball in a country where all other sports are growing , to top it off it gets almost no media attention , compared to winter sports/soccer . 
  that 's why so many people are hyped about him , not just because of what he can do on the court . 
  [ also his mother is fucking hot ] ( http://m.slovenskenovice.si/sites/slovenskenovice.si/files/styles/sn_mobile_gallery/public/dti_import/2016/04/18/image_15658102_0.jpg?itok=tyoqyytb ), 
  basketball will get more popular but that 's about it , if anything soccer is on a huge rise both in the us and asian countries like china so you ca n't just ignore this . 
  soccer is rooted in majority of the countries in the world and most of them will always invest more in soccer and get more media attention so even if it ever happens it will take multiple generations and that 's being generous because people underestimate how influental and popular soccer is in europe and south america . 
  soccer players will also have more influence and popularity in the world , there are markets in the porest areas in the world where you can buy messi and ronaldo shirts and there is a lot more players than these two who are more popular compared to lebron for example , that 's how huge soccer is . 
  recently there was a story of a little syrian kid who made messi jersey from plastic bags and thrash , that 's how much influence they have . 
  perfect answer . 
  even in soccer people are complaining that to much money and talent goes to the top 4-5 leagues causing which causes other leagues to fall behind . 
  as you said when it comes to basketball everything is about nba , most of the world ca n't relate to the league and watch games , not to mention that americans do sports differently , it 's more like a show with so much stuff going on or added to the game , even the national anthem weirds out a lot of people , at least when i talk about it with my friends or read some comments here . 
  oh my god he will fuck our shit up in the next eurobasket , i love this dude so much but why does slovenia have to be in the same group as greece :(, 
  legend says i never sleep , i just replace it with 5-6 hours of nba to get the energy for that day ... ^ seriously , ^ please ^ help ^ me ^ it 's ^ 4.30 am ^ in ^ europe, 
  i would but i 'm not a hot 20 year old girl , at least i already have my sleep cycle all fucked up from working night shifts one week and morning/afternoon next . 
  i could do it , but i will never become an amazing beautiful woman who has the exquisite bravery of a beautiful butterfly flying against the wind , just like bruce jenner . 
  it helps but you still have to wake up at the same time every day for multiple weeks to get your body into a comfortable cycle . 
  one week i work from 6am to 2pm and go to sleep very early because i 'm so tired ( wake up at 4.30 , go to sleep at around 9 ) and next week i work night shifts and usually have only a day during weekend to go to sleep as late as i can , but it 's a quich change , you went to sleep at 9 am a week before , but suddendly you start working from 10pm to 6am and you are straight up dying first few days because your body is confused as fuck . 
  and a week after that i work from 2pm to 10pm and when i come home i ca n't fall asleep and just watch nba until 4-5 am haha . 
  bro we are in the same boat , we also have a new coach and our basketball organization is telling us that we should n't expect to much because we will let our youngsters get a lot of playing time to get experience for the future tournaments . 
  we to will have a potential future star in luka doncic , but he will still be only 18 . 
  i 'm worried he will be to athletic and quick to properly guard , one of our centers is old and while someone like alen omic is big and young , he is to slow and awkward and is struggling recently in turkey . 
  well it hope it will at least be a competitive match and fun to watch . 
  it 's because faking can win you a crucial penalty or free kick that can win you a game and ref ca n't just watch replays , they have to make a decision in split second while being 20-30meters aways so players take advantage of that . 
  that aside injuries are much worse , if someone slide tackles you with full speed and you have your legs planted , then that can be a career ending injury , then there are head/knee clashes , torn legiments/muscles all over the place ... people overall underestimate how it hurts when you fall on the ground while sprinting , but yeah managers put pressure on players since they are young so you get so much theatrical falls and hope that ref will fall for it . 
  they are punished quite often though for diving with yellow cards or even get sent off for example https://youtu.be/ssmljdtnwwi, 
  you could say so haha , seriously though last year liverpool club got a new manager and a fuck ton of their players torned their hamstrings or something similar because they were not used to his training methods . 
  sudden substitions are also a problem if someone gets injured and the player replacing him is not warmed up , or playing during winter sucks , poor players in the russian league . 
  they are indeed famous for that , while someone like neymar gets legitimately fouled a lot and sometimes quite badly , he is also a famous diver and the problem is that he is idol for a lot of kids who will learn that shit from him . 
  just looking at the la masia , barcelona youth academy , they already complain and group around ref at the age of 12 and it 's just annoying to watch , even if they are gifted as fuck . 
  that watter bottle incident was hilarious , it 's like a grenade was thrown at them and messi who was the only one hit did n't fall down and went ape shit on the crowd . 
  i think a lot of this behaviour is learned , but you can tell when players start whinning because they are not used to losing , especially barcelona in recent times , puyol was a goddamn legend when he was playing and a true leader who did n't tolerate any complainimg from his teammates . 
  thanks for sharing , you totaly sound like someone who played and watched a lot of soccer in his life and knows everything about it . 
  you probably do n't have anything personal against the sport too right ? 
  wow so edgy and aggresive , i like it . 
  oh well to bad it 's still gon na be the most popular sport on the world with or without you . 
  you obviously know nothing about it nor have you played it so i you bother to much to shit on it , you are one of those people who claim something like hockey is superior to other sports , nfl is just a one giant commercial and so on ? 
  oh and dives are penalised which just shows how ignorant you are , but hey it 's nothing wrong about creating an opinion about a sport because you saw two gifs on reddit of players diving . 
  i hope you are not such a cunt in real life because oh dear , poor people around you . 
  did i ever say it 's not a problem ? 
  refs in soccer are not magicians , when they see it they show a yellow card , like 20 minutes ago a player in premier league was booked for diving , but do n't know what you expect from a sport that is so fast paced . 
  yeah diving is a problem but if you do n't watch then you have bo idea how rarely it influences the game , but you keep insisting on it while admiting you do n't watch it . 
  btw they are trying to implement video ref in soccer , but players and managers are already complaining because it fucks with the pace of the game and breaks the momentum so it will take some time to make it work and not confuse refs , players , fans ... 
  i do n't know why are you even comparing these sports , you are trying to prove a point by something that does n't even make sense , are rugby players pussies compared to mma fighters ? 
  do you see how that works and how stupid it is . 
  why did you even go out of your way to comment if you do n't like it , for example i love basketball soccer , but have no idea how rugby , baseball , american football is played , but do you see me shitting on those sports and dissmising them just because you found one flaw . 
  i could say fuck nfl and baseball because they look boring and slow paced , but i genuinely think that i would enjoy them a lot if i learned how to understand them , because i know there is so much more to them than it looks on the surface . 
  now if i used your mentality i would turn on the tv watched 5min of nfl and said fuck this , this sport sucks and completely dismiss it . 
  i also never said that that makes soccer the best sport in the world , stop putting words in my mouth , that 's very subjective , but you are the one acting like people ca n't enjoy a different sport or even better that rugby is somehow superior even though comparing them is fucking stupid . 
  now get of your high horse and think next time , so you walk around in real life and mock people who watch anything that is not rugby ? 
  what if your son will enjoy soccer , how stupid will you feel then ? 
  you are getting down voted but he earned it more , broke a ton of records again , won cl , ballon d'or and euro . 
  lebron close second in my opinion beside phelps like someone else mentioned . 
  how does that compare to ronaldo who won three competitions , including fifa world cup that i forgot to add and won euros where no one expected them to win . 
  broke more records than you can count and ballon d'or to top it off . 
  i know this is a basketball sub and all , but if you watch sports in general you know ronaldo deserves it more . 
  so that is the only argument you have to support lebron ? 
  i love both basketball and soccer and even if you ask anyone who is not biased towards any of those will tell you ronaldo deserves it more . 
  again i repeat , while lebron lead his team to championship ronaldo won first international trophy in one of the hardest/competitive competitions in soccer for portugal , won champions league , won fifa world cup , won uefa super cup ( so 4 competitions for lebron 's 1 ) , won best player in the world award and that makes him the first player ever to win all of this in a year , became top scorer in qualifying and finals in the history of euros , eleventh player to win the champions league and european championship in the same year , third player to make a european championship dream team , first player to play two finals in 12 years , player with the most european championship appearances , first player ever to score 50 + goals in six consecutive calendar years and i could go on . 
  both are world class at what they do , but both stepped up when teams needed them and ronaldo just did more of that so you could say i 'm biased because you do n't have anything else to say , but i told you in details why i think he deserves it more , but it does n't even matter anyway what any of us thinks because these awards are probably meaningless to players . 
  i will edit just to clarify that i think lebron is close behind because of the importance of his performances through the finals and the impact he has on the team , but that could be said for all world class players in any sport . 
  it does n't , it makes sense that they voted him so i should n't care that much . 
  this is a huge loss for hajduk right ? 
  i was follow their results when pu\u0161nik was still a manager and he was a wall for the opposition and secured a lot of points . 
  that 's a good point yeah . 
  well i 'm definitely rooting for rijeka this year , not just because of kek and the fact that he made this team click so well , but just to shake things in hnl after a long time of dinamo 's dominance , 
  i feel you man , same with our league , the quality is just not there and i do n't really care about any of the teams . 
  i mean it 's getting more viewership every year and budgets are growing very slowly , but you just know ex-yugoslavia leagues will always stay small , countries are to small and to much corruption is present . 
  i hope \u010ceferin could in any way help our region , but i highly doubt it . 
  definitely , your nt has so much quality and potential for major trophies that you can always have higher expectations during the world cup or euros if the right manager is there . 
  seriously some of the people here are stupid . 
  people always find a way to shit on russia , even if it 's justified to criticize some of the things their goverment does , it blows my mind that even when they do something good people will find a reason to make it look bad or that there is a hidden agenda behind it . 
  we are talking about kids here and people are doing their best to find something bad . 
  they are kids for fucks sake , they have no idea that the biggest countries in the world are fighting a proxy war on their land , all they see is death and fear all the time so i 'm sure a toy or two could help someone to go through this , you know because they are fucking kids . 
  what a poor and cynical man you are . 
  i was talking about syrian kids , i know that this probably is not just for the charitable reasons , all world powers do this kind of stuff and there are always people like you that have to go out of their way to let everyone know how wrong it is . 
  who cares it 's not hurting anyone and these kids will maybe have a toy that will help them cope when everything goes to shit around them . 
  it 's like pranksters filming themself giving money to the homeless man for attention , but does he care ? 
  no he only cares that you gave him 100 $ . 
  messi is a very introverted and quiet guy , never says anything controversial and probably just likes to hang out with his family . 
  i mean he is the best player of all time , probably the most popular athlete in the world and it just so happens to be that he does n't have the personality/charisma you would expect from someone like him , but that 's completely okay , makes him more relatable in my eyes , until you see him play then you realize he is actually not a human . 
  i think ronaldo is more comparable to lebron , neither of them are quotable , but they both look like they were created by god to play their sports and you can feel that aura from them that they know they are the best . 
  i do n't know how cocky lebron is outside the court , i know ronaldo comes of as cocky to many people , but i think you have the right to be cocky if you are a super athlete .
