  his confidence was at an all time low after those euroleague playoffs ( he still had some very good games after that ) . 
  the whole madrid team was beyond dissapointing when the playoffs began , but look at it that way , all those losses build character and experience , doncic will learn so much from it and make him realize he has a ton of work to do and come back stronger , all of this will only help him in the long term . 
  if porter dominates college there 's a good chance doncic goes 2 . so even top 2-3 pick should be enough . 
  the problem is doncic fits so well in a good number of teams that will compete for those top picks . 
  he 's not a `` superior player '' not even a superior shooter , porter went 28-for-87 from three ( 32 % ) in eybl , doncic went 39/105 ( 37 % ) in euroleague with a longer 3pt line and the best teams outside the nba . 
  both can rebound though , doncic was the best rebounder for his position in the entire euroleague , averaged more rebounds than porzingins or gasol in their last season . 
  doncic 's handles are also elite for his size while every scounting report says porter 's handles need a lot of work . 
  porter also has the height advantage but has a smaller frame , doncic is 3 inches smaller and both weigh 220 and is already strong for his age . 
  doncic 's best ability is his playmaking and vision ( watch these 16/17 highligts [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgaooazlbam ) , [ two ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wos_jy39uu ) and [ part three ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf6fusft7pk ) ) . 
  do n't get me wrong i would probably still pick porter as n. 1 because of his upside , but a lot of people do n't know anything about doncic or porter so they build their opinions on comments like yours that are n't really true , same goes for people who say doncic is a flawless generational talent . 
  in the end porter really is a superior athlete , that 's a fact , combined with his height and skills it really is hard to see him anywhere but a n. 1 . 
  i think porter will be a better scorer/defender and doncic a more well rounded player that scores , rebound and passes . 
  porter has that combination of size , skill and athleticism , basically everyting that n. 1 pick should have , as of now many people would take doncic because porter has n't played a minute in college so i would say it 's 50/50 between these two right now , that could change if porter dominates college of course . 
  on the other hand doncic is not an elite athlete , but is just pure talent with good size/frame , elite feel for the game/iq , vision that enables him to play at such a high level ( averaged 20 minutes in 80-90 he played this season , that 's like 50-60 games more than porter played in highschool ) . 
  basically their talent puts them in the top 2 , i do n't know a lot about bamba and ayton besides them being physical freaks , i have seen doncic behind ayton on a few mock drafts too . 
  now for the doncic/porter comparison , porter is of course better athlete , taller ( his wingspan is nothing special , but the same goes for doncic ) , but has a smaller frame than doncic and they both weigh 220 . 
  porter besides his skills takes advantage of his height/length and athleticism to score/rebound , but doncic is always one of the smartest players on the floor , he 's crafty as fuck , sees the game one play ahead and just manages to score , one reason is that defenders just do n't know if he 'll pass or go for the layup , his vision and ability to run pnr is elite [ \\ ( good video from dx \\ ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykbau9xqyqg ) . 
  both can shoot very well , doncic shoot 37 % this season in euroleague from 100 + attempts , that number was around 40 % for 3/4 of the season before he had a bad run in the playoffs and his confidence was fucked ( he also shoot 85 % form the ft ) , i 'm not sure about porter , i ca n't find any numbers from him , some say he lacks that 3pt range , some say he 's very promising shooter . 
  both can rebound too , doncic was the best rebounder for his position in euroleague ( because of his bbiq and good size ) , averaging more than porzinings or gasol did in their last euroleague seasons . 
  besides all of this doncic also has elite handles for his size while every scouting report on porter says he has to work on them so that 's one more thing . 
  porter is seen as a prospect with more upside , but right now doncic 's game is more mature and polished than anyone in that 2018 class , one problem is also that doncic is stuck behind sergio llul on that madrid team , he had some of the best games when llul was injured , he fell two assits short from the first euroleague triple double since 2007 and he played only 20 minutes , that 's how well rounded his game is . 
  i 'm afraid we wo n't see doncic 's true offensive ability until he plays in the nba , even in this years eurobasket he 'll be the second man to dragic , porter on the other hand will be the main guy on that missouri team , he 'll have the green light to do everything he wants while doncic gets benched immidiately if he fucks something up and [ this happens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltbpwjjnihu ) . 
  in my opinion porter is projected to be a better scorer/defender and doncic is like lonzo this year , well rounded player who can do it all , especially their playmaking ability . 
  if you want to see more of doncic there are two parts of nothing but him scoring ( [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu0hab6brdo&amp;t=26s ) and [ two ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufn5jaw340&amp;t=248s ) ) and four parts of nothing but his passing compilations ( [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgaooazlbam&amp; , twot = 215s ) , [ two ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wos_jy39uu&amp;t=46s ) , [ three ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf6fusft7pk&amp;t=29s ) and [ four ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12gtn-yayl4&amp;t=13s ) ), 
  my pleasure man , i saw 90 % of doncic 's games this season so i like to share my thoughts on him if it 's necessary , there is a lot of misconceptions about him , some underrate him some say he 's the flawless , it seems like people ca n't find that middle ground with these top prospects . 
  as for the 2018 draft there is supposed to be a drop in quality after porter , doncic , ayton and bamba , they are top 4 lock in 95 % mock drafts out there , it 's also not that rare to hear reporter/scouts say the same thing if we can trust `` their sources '' , chad ford ( he 's not that popular here i know ) is the guy i remember who said he talked to some nba gms/scouts that told him the same thing , this guy for example even claimed [ doncic and porter would be 2 . and 3 . picks this year behind fultz ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/keithsmithnba/status/871097891707858945 ) if you want to believe him . 
  something that almost everyone agrees on is that next year will be more top heavy than 2017 , but will have less depth , of course everything can change , some players will underperform , get injured and some will come out of nowhere and put up crazy numbers . 
  one thing i forgot to mention is that top 10 in 2018 is filled with big men/wings while this year it was dominated by guards , that 's one major difference . 
  thanks for sharing , i think it 's written well enough for general fans who do n't know anything about them , at least that 's what i aimed for . 
  these guys will make a lot of noise in the next year so we better start early . 
  it looks like i missed that , the only reason i said i 'm not sure is because draftexpress mentioned 3pt as his weakness ( 32 % from 3 in eybl , 87 attempts ) , some people on gm forum said the same thing . 
  teenagers are not famous for their consistentcy soo we get conflicting reports , both will be deadly shooters though , i have no doubt about that . 
  it 's even more impressive that he was named mvp in the next two euroleague playoff games and brought madrid to final four . 
  he had a few bad games ( to be fair entire madrid team did ) so he finally broke down in that game , the pressure got to him because people expected 18 year old kid to carry a team full of veterans that did n't bother to show up , the feeling of frustration and helplessness was to much and he showed us he 's still just a kid . 
  the amount of mental strength and proffesionalism he showed this year is crazy for a teenager , it might not mean to much , but all these little things are nice to see , porter is a very nice and passionate guy too , no personality issues in both of them . 
  same here , i mean i saw so many conflicting reports that i rather wait for someone else to enlighten me . 
  porter with his size/shooting and athleticism just make me think he 'll be an unstoppable scorer when he gains some core strength and weight , both do their own thing and do it very well . 
  as someone who saw almost every single game he played this season that 33 % from 3 is a result from a bad run he had in the euroleague/spanish league playoffs , hell the entire madrid roster just suddenly became bad at the end of the season and despite that he shot 38 % from 3 if we count only euroleague , that number was around 40-41 % for the first 3/4 of the season . 
  my point is that he 's already a good shooter , pressure got to him and his confidence was low , i mean everybody was expecting that a teenager could carry a team full of veterans that just did n't bother to a spanish league and euroleague title , not to mention he played in more than 80 games this season and you could see it in the playoffs , [ he even broke down on the bench ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krktwn-kde0 ) . 
  unfortunately playing at such a high level means people will expect a lot from you and doncic was playing so good and looked confident that this surprised everyone , then you realize he just turned 18 and is just a very passionate and competitive teenager . 
  every game in european leagues is a must win for these teams and the pressure got to him when he did n't perform , i mean most of the attention was on him this season and the impression i had before the playoffs is that most of the fans and media was expecting doncic to be a hero madrid needs ( along side sergio llul ) . 
  well in the end every madrid player dissapointed , doncic and llul at least looked like they care and want to win , on the other hand other veterans who have actually won euroleague a few years ago looked like dog shit . 
  what 's impressive about all of this is that doncic actually balled out in the next two playoff games after he broke down and was the mvp of those two games , meaning he gathered his thoughts and showed his maturiy , at first i was afraid people will use this as an excuse to call him soft like you mentioned , but he proved otherwise after that game . 
  i 'm just worried that all this hype and attention + playing for the biggest sports organization in the world is n't good for a teenager , it does n't help that that one guy wrote an article saying that he could be the best prospect since lebron , now everyone thinks people are saying he will be the next lebron and ca n't wait for him to be a bust . 
  he already gets a lot of hate just for being european and white , he does n't need bloggers writing articles about him and lebron which will only do him harm if he does n't live up to some of the hype he is getting and he 's such a nice and humble kid that he does n't deserve any of this . 
  he wo n't struggle with the physicality like you said , he weighs 220 not 185 and has a wide frame and is already strong for his age . 
  unless you meant he 'll struggle with athleticism and speed of the nba , that 's a fair argument . 
  draftexpress is literally the only website that has his weight listed as 185 , i 'm not sure why though , his official weight is 220 ( around 100kg ) . 
  oh and he 's more like 6 ' 7 without shoes , the same height as his father so he might still grow ( hopefully ) . 
  doncic and sergio llull are the most important players on that madrid roster . 
  llull is averaging more points than doncic , but also attempts more than twice as much shots and plays 8min more a game , doncic fell two assists short from first euroleague triple double since 2007 and he only played 20 min , basically he was on another level when llull was injured and was still 17 at that time . 
  he is without a doubt the best player alongside llull in madrid , still not the second best outside the nba in my opinion , but i ca n't think of anyone who is as versatile and well rounded player as he is in euroleague . 
  i can see greece winning a medal since croatia , france and serbia are all missing important players and spain is a favorite to win it considering how stacked they are . 
  that aside i 'm excited to see how giannis , doncic and markkanen perform , all of them will meet in the group stages too . 
  actually i 'm not sure , i saw him listed with the the 19 man roster for the nt training camp so i assumed he will play , but nba players were not allowed to join until august 1 . and i 'm not sure if he is with the team , i could be wrong though . 
  i mean looking at spain with gasol and hernangomez brothers , sergio llul , rubio , sergio rodriguez , felipe reyes , rudy fernandey , juan carlos navarro that 's all nba or very good euroleague players , only mirotic is missing i think , that 's a lot of quality and experience . 
  they could slip up , but i would put my money on them right now , of course there is serbia with crazy team chemistry , even if they are missing jokic . 
  oh shit i did n't know that , well if anything it should make things more interesting  it 's true that a lot of spanish legends are getting old and other nations are getting better and better , as long as quality of players in europe is going up i 'm happy . 
  the problem is people do n't know the difference between euroleague , euro cup , champions league , adriatic league , it 's all the same to non-europeans . 
  i stopped counting how many times i saw people claim here on reddit that frank ntilikina played in euroleague , even though he played in champions league , that 's third tier of european basketball . 
  true , i should say that this applies to fans and media only of course , i see fans , articles and other media saying his level of competition is worrying , even comparing stats from other euro prospects that played in lower divisons to his euroleague stats as if they are the same . 
  that 's why some might call him overrated . 
  doncic is just absurdly talented , his vision , skill level , iq/feel for the game is nothing less than elite , his good size/frame , good ball handling skills and shooting is just a bonus , [ this mj move ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu4krba3atu ) or [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odt9diuyvdu ) just show how smart he is . 
  he 's not as athletic as hezonja , but you can see how that turned out for him in the nba without basic fundamentals , still doncic is not as unathletic as some might say ( [ read this for example ] ( https://www.facebook.com/peakperformanceproject/videos/10155225675353864/ ) ) . 
  he 's still fast on the open court and is a good leaper , but his first step does n't look very quick , like his body is to big , which of course brings a lot of disadvantages in the nba , you ca n't blame people for being worried about that . 
  i think he 'll reach a certain level of succees just because he can shoot , handle the ball and pass extremly well , basically he has a high floor due to his skill level and iq , but his ceiling is still a mystery until he plays in the league , i mean he might peak only as a good nba player or be a star , but there 's a reason he 's competing for that n. 1 spot even if he 's not that athletic , but then again it 's understandable that fans and teams want to spend their n. 1 pick on a combination of skill and athleticism , that 's why even as a big doncic i see porter going ahead of him ( or marvin bagley ) , even if he goes in that 2-4 range it 's still extremly impressive in such a top heavy draft . 
  14 points in 18 minutes with 100 % efficiency from the field , he 's very unlucky with his injuries ( he sprained his ankle , wo n't miss eurobasket though ) so its fucking up his consistency in the last few months . 
  he 's very fun to watch and shows a lot of potential , he needs to polish his game a little , knows how to use his length to score and block aswell , but we 'll see how he does in the next years summer league . 
  it 's a good thing he 's playing in serbia because that boy needs to eat , he should live with jokic 's grandma or something . 
  i am actually  i 'll probably do some highlights when eurobasket is over , people probably do n't care that much about him since he might never even play in the nba , but hey it 's offseason everbody is bored out of their minds and he can come up with some impressive plays . 
  yeah to be fair he gained some weight in the last year , getting stronger would n't hurt him though . 
  haha nice , it 's almost 11pm here so dober ve\u010der is more appropriate , 
  is there any promising guards on the rise that we should be paying attention to ? 
  the amount of talented bigs and forwards coming from croatia is getting out of hand , stop feeding them so much it 's not fair . 
  madrid is in an extremly tough situation , they ca n't afford another fuck up in the euroleague and spanish league like last year meaning laso gets fired immediately if they do n't win anything . 
  maciulis and fernandez are only getting older , they brought facundo campazzo who is okay , but not someone you should replace llul with and slightly improved and experienced doncic , but i doubt madrid will roll with this lineup for more majority of the season , it 's simply not good enough for their standards so i still think they will bring another high profile guard . 
  if they do n't then that 's a ton of added pressure on luka and i only hope he can carry that alone through 3/4 of the season . 
  i 'm excited for doncic though ( bad luck for llull on the other hand ) , we all saw how good he was last winter when llul was out . 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mgu28rd-y2e here you go, 
  this game aside his assist-turnover ratio was 12 . best in the euroleague and many of those ahead of him had a smaller sample size of games played . 
  that 's very good considering how turnover prone teenagers are . 
  he keeps saying this every time doncic thread is brought up , he 's clearly annoyed by doncic or his fans that 's why he brought it up with no context . 
  he 's right though and a lot of people do n't like to hear it or make excuses and i say this as someone who saw doncic play 100 + games by now , he 's slow footed that 's clear as day if you watch him play . 
  sure he 's still 18 and might get better with nba training , he 's a great defensive rebounder , he has a good frame to fill it out , but he 'll always be slow footed even when he hits his physical prime , people would n't make such a big deal out of it if he was n't in the n. 1 pick conversation so i understand it . 
  he 's trying really hard to bring his point across , maybe because some fellow doncic fans are denying it all the time , but it 's still true , not that there was a need to bring it up in his scoring highlights but whatever . 
  i agree , it 's more about if he has all the tools to be a great defender , which he does n't , but that does n't mean he 'll be a defensive liabilitiy , not with his size , iq , effort and rebounding , there 's many ways to `` hide '' his weaknesses as long as he shows up on the offensive end , which i 'm not to worried about . 
  he said he never wanted to play basketball to begin with , everyone was encouraging him to play it since he was young . 
  it explains his shitty work ethic , basically he said he did n't sign up for this shit . 
  he was constantly angry , punching the walls , getting drunk during the night and coming straight to the practice in the morning without sleeping ... 
  the reporter even said how everyone dreams about going to the nba , trying to become their childhood idols , meanwhile darko was just trying to escape his war torn country with no real desire to play in the first place and then having ridiculous expectations set on him . 
  listening to that makes you feel straight up shitty , i 'm just glad he moved on and is happy now . 
  i bet money is a good motivation for a year or two until everybody starts shitting on you , you have alcohol and anger problems , pressure is fucking up your mind , he even talks about how foreign america was to him with all the cultural differences and he was just 18 , he had no idea what he was doing . 
  considering all of this i 'm impressed he lasted so long , he 's a normal farmer now , lives a normal and peaceful life and says he could n't be happier . 
  he has no problem admitting he 's responsible for the horrible career he had , he calmed himself a bust time and time again in that one hour interview , he did n't have the work ethic and hated playing/training so he tried to play the bad boy card , this are his exact words and that 's the mentality he had back then . 
  i 'm sure all of us could work harder and make more money but we do n't so who am i to judge or preach on what he should have done with his life . 
  it was worse , he had to hide in his basement as a kid when his country was bombed and his father was fighting of the front line , he grew up with death and destruction around him , i 'm sure even the most successful nba career and millions in money could n't fix the things he went through . 
  he 's a farmer now , selling fruit and stuff and is happier than ever so he does earn his living like 99 % of people . 
  you do know that those are not my own words right ? 
  darko talks about it in the interview , but i 'm sorry if that implied that the war was still going on , the fact is he was growing up when the war was happening . 
  good point you got me there , i bet you would love to relive his life .
