yes i 'm aware . 
  but for most nations in this world having opinions is a luxury . 
  only options are with or against russia ; with or against us etc. 
  inb4 egypt resales it to russia, 
  not the same thing . 
  those are basically european muslims . 
  you do n't see any ninjas in constanta . 
  what 's with the romanian flag on both ? 
  you have to tell me what you 're smoking because it must be some good shit . 
  need to remind you that nato always was `` to keep the russians out , the americans in , and the germans down '' . 
  pretty sure that germany not going war mode is a good thing for everyone . 
   why do n't they start charging more ? 
  because the competition is too big to do that + more taxes to pay . 
  people get by how they can . 
  10 lei is generally considered the minimum fee for a rides especially at night . 
  he was rude , but in this case somewhat expected . 
  next time try to order the taxi from a company with good reputation . 
  btw : there are dangerous pirate taxi drivers/scammers out there . 
  this was n't one of them . 
  not to be rude but . . gas is expensive ( probably more then in your country ) , there is the taxi fee to the company + other taxes . 
  people need to make a living . 
  it 's generally expected here to round the price to tens ( or add 10 % ) . 
  if you do n't what that order from a company that accepts card payments ( more expensive ) or just go with uber . 
  there are options . 
  afaik , the military pact explicitly only covered mutual assistance against ussr aggression . 
  so not sure if it could have been activated against germany also . 
  there are a lot of rumors that she is/was the lover of the current sri operational director , general coldea . 
  no one is that stupid . 
  do i need to remember you that you have a king ? 
   europe has a secular identity you are confusing europe with france . 
  keking so hard right now, 
  i wonder what they 'll do in the winter ... 
  can a state discriminate against someone that it 's not a citizen ? 
  does that even makes sense ? 
  it 's like saying a woman should date short people also because dating only tall men is offensive . 
  because , unlike others we actually have borders ? 
  they changed the link apparently . . see my other comment, 
  requires translation . 
  basically , a syrian resident tried to smuggle in his brothers in romania . 
  gets caught , then goes full retard . 
  west to east parts are crossing the mountains and that takes lot of money and a lot of time to build . 
  so the government just went for the low hanging fruits ... 
  state personal have the same wage all over the country . 
  if there is no private sector there are no low wages to drag the average down . 
  what about the time a romanian girl wanted to get a room in a hotel and she was refused for fears of being a prostitute ? 
   it 's bad only when the ones i do n't like do it, 
  nice way to spin the indoctrination of minors . 
  well if half your history sources are written in polish and russian i imagine you need it to become a good historian . 
  but i guess you just want a nojob degree instead . 
  i think it 's only for the cities that have a full set of data . 
  they have a lot of places in the database but not all complete so it was n't included in the table . 
  from the partial set , helsinki would rank just below stockholm with 218.4 points . 
  yeah , i can sit in the eu line but that is only for passports . 
  the example i was making was about going from bucharest and changing planes in a schengen airport to get to another schengen destination . 
  if romania was in schengen i would arrive at the schengen terminal and not go through any aditional checks while making the transfer . 
  the schengen terminals are way cooler tho in most airports . 
  and no it 's not 45 sec . 
  i once stood in line for line for hours on the frankfurt transfer . 
  almost lost my flight . 
  more like burn a few and the rest will know fear . 
  well lobby is illegal here . 
  so yes , they should care . 
  all documents are null and void if are not in concordance with the law . 
  that 's why that document need to be passed by parliament . 
  so no deal until then . 
  what are they are saying is fuck parliament , rule of law and this country sovereignty bullshit . 
  i 'm going to sue you to this nwo international court that no one has heard about . 
  to be fair the shores shifted a lot in the last 500 years . 
  looks similar to the lukoil money lauding scheme . 
  uneployment is virtually zero in bucharest . 
  if you want a job you can get it . 
   that pensions in lux . 
  btw maybe you could turn greece into a florida . 
  like encourage old people from rich countries to move there after retirements . 
  it could be a nice place to spend your remaining year of your life and help the economy of greece in the process . 
  it 's more than that . 
  the government gives them for free as part of the agreement 11000 sqm in central bucharest ( the price there is about 1000 euro/sqm ) . 
  that is a lot of valuable real-estate in a crowded city for a mosque no one needs . 
  well aparently divorce is very trendy right now among politicians ... 
  i agree . 
  there are still about a million hungarians living here after all . 
  elegreek boogaloo, 
  up to this point only ukraine and south africa gave up on their nuclear arsenal , right ? 
   they 've both very competent sadly it 's not about competency as it about not having past `` vulnerabilities '' . 
  finding a political leader not being a corrupt fuck it 's really hard nowadays so it appears that some of the few women in politics now have a very rare and valuable trait . 
  why the fuck do they need a marshall plan ? 
  have they been in a war lately ? 
  not 100 % accurate but you get the picture : http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=germany&amp;country2=romania&amp;city1=berlin&amp;city2=bucharest, 
  depends on the field . 
  there is a high brain drain in doctors/nurses for example . 
  for it it 's somewhat competitive right now ( given the cost of living ) . 
  yes . . out of curiosity do you think this is low of high ? 
  also keep in mind this is net salary and the cost of living here is fairly low . 
  it varies on the type of job , skills etc. 
  but in general : 700-1000 $ entry level 1000-2000 $ mid level 2000-3000 $ sr. level of course , for very specific ( rare ) or lead functions it may go higher then that . 
  from the same author : http://www.zdnet.com/article/software-developer-shortage-hits-eastern-europe-romanias-plan-to-stay-ahead-in-the-game/, 
  it 's a new world out there ... nowadays hrs in bucharest are starting to recruit it people in greece because the demand is so high here . 
  have you seen brussels lately ? 
  it looks like it 's from a third world country . 
   joke 's on you , i was only pretending,
