  crimea was turkish just a few centuries ago !, 
  loi macron is a step in the right direction ( for liberals at least ) sure , but the loi el-khomri was emptied of its substance in order to pass the parliament - plus it ultimately was n't accepted and the government had to force it through , jeopardizing all the trust the french voters had in it . 
  it 's extremely difficult to reform the labor code in france today , and this episode probably made it even harder . 
  the unions consider it a national treasure , and suggesting it harms competitiveness is immediately branded as racing to the bottom now . 
  it 's true though that the two most `` business-friendly '' candidates are currently the favorites . 
  let 's knock on wood it stays that way ( even if voting for fillon would be as pleasant to me as having to cast a ballot for chirac on my first presidential vote ) . 
   relatively low presence of english france sure , but not paris . 
  as for the labor laws , that is indeed surprising , something must clearly have compensated for it . 
  of course it 's taught outside the czech republic . 
  we even gained a word from it , `` munichois '' , to qualify weak appeasement attitudes . 
  that said , starting the war in 1938 could have ended in a rapid decisive victory of nazi germany over both france and england , so let 's not be too bitter about that . 
  yeah i feel you there . 
  at least we all share the same concerns , and i can relate to these reactions . 
  do n't want to get tangled in this kind of debate , but where does using a scapegoat to exorcise these ( very real and unfortunate ) woes help ? 
  i have exactly the same experience in france ( without the student debt obviously ) , but if the eu does n't help , i do n't blame it either ... 
  i think the correct answer is confirmation bias through meeting mostly like-minded young britons outside the uk . 
  we french are pessimistic by nature . 
  it 's mostly posturing . 
  i 'm mostly worried by the italians , whose concerns seem more genuine ... 
  yeah , that 's what i suspected . . 
   the public in this country was ( obviously ) just never going to accept that i guess we were counting on the youth of the uk being of a different mindset than their parents . 
  maybe it was delusional , maybe it was true but not enough ? 
  i know why sputnik is not allowed here , and i only consult that rag when i need to . 
  if msn and sputnik agree then usually there 's no debate , that was my point . 
  calling out msn as all lies and deceits online is not really reserving your judgement though , although nobody can argue against being skeptical , particularly nowadays i guess we can agree on `` wait and see '' . 
  then why is sputnik reporting peskov saying this exact thing ? 
  ( ca n't link to it , sputnik is not allowed by r/europe , but i guess you know how to use google ) . 
  who 's crying wolf now ? 
  i 'll take any mainstream newspapers over some random reddit shill anyday . 
  o me !, 
  what fray was here ? 
  yet tell me not , for i have heard it all . 
  here 's much to do with hate , but more with love , 
  the population is getting older , so except for the far right isolationists skilled laborers are very welcome . 
  in my startup i have an indian coworker , he did n't have any problem getting a work visa for him and his wife . 
  people are worried about immigrants that would n't find a work and would claim benefits instead mostly . 
  beats starting world wars no ? 
  nah , people here are not ready to directly choose a leader speaking a different language . 
  it could only work through indirect suffrage at the very least . 
  not a chance in france ( because of the 2 election rounds ) and germany ( they are just weak there ) . 
  could happen somewhere else , like austria or netherlands . 
  given their past selfish attitude i 'm glad they 're leaving though . 
  could have been , but they chose a different path . 
  we certainly have our share of responsibility too . 
  not going to happen in a foreseeable future now ... 
  seems europeans do n't watch too much snl ... [ more cowbell !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_mweos8ffg ), 
  you can fix everything with a currency and tariffs war / s, 
  i guess most french jews are sepharadic , and like the mediterranean a lot , contrary to the jews in the us who are in majority ashkenazi iirc . 
  they are also very communautarist and gather all around netanya ( the locals are not very pleased with them btw ), 
  yes , it 's certainly much more ethical than napster . 
  have we reached peak snowflake yet ? 
  ok , that 's good to know , thank you . 
  ok , but if the problem revolves around the ancillary honors system , why not just throw it away and go pre-print with arxiv directly ? 
  i 'm certainly biased because i 'm just a consumer of research , i work in the industry . 
  of course i support open access . 
  i 'm just trying to understand why you would go rogue instead of using the solution i 'm familiar with . 
  i tend to agree with you . 
  i 'm not saying it 's morally reprehensible , just pointing the fact that it 's against the law . 
  if you encourage people for support , you should make it clear first hand so that they know what they are making a `` political '' statement . 
  on another subject , i work in the software industry , and i 'm pretty happy with the copyright laws . 
  try dealing with a patent office , i 'm pretty sure they will make you regret the publishers quickly enough , 
  no , i say piracy like in the legal definition of the word . 
  i was n't being morally judgmental , and i certainly do n't support elsevier 's racket . 
  erm , that 's illegal ? 
  as in napster-illegal ? 
  you want open , you go pre-print with arxiv . 
  sci-hub will be a good thing in the long run if it forces elsevier to adapt , in the meantime , it 's still piracy . 
  italian politics are very confusing : /, 
  i do n't understand what grillo is gaining from this move ( although i 'm very glad he did it ) . 
  wo n't that push some of his electoral base toward the lega nord ? 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/affaire_sin%c3%a9 but there 's no connection at all with free speech of course . 
  a privately-owned newspaper can print whatever the fuck it wants , and i 'm glad they made a point that this rancid smelling gossip about sarkozy 's son had no place in charlie hebdo , even if i respect sin\u00e9 . 
  yeah that would be a `` funny '' situation ... 
  hopefully , only congress has the wars powers in the us . 
  the president derives the power to direct the military after the declaration of war . 
  so the republicans would not have to throw trump out , because trump has no say whether or not the us will defend the baltic states . 
  he can fuck up nato in the long run though . 
   the money can be spent on meetings and conferences , advertisements , admin and travel costs and campaigning for european elections . 
   but the money is not allowed to be spent on other campaigns , including referenda and national elections . 
  the news is about ( alleged but apparently pretty damning ) misspendings , not about receiving grants which every other party receive . 
   pole position people who `` swing both ways '' being the hipster 10th arrondissement . 
  wo n't look at my neighboors the same way tomorrow . 
  here i was , thinking they were honest , faithful gay couples . 
  nothing , as long as it 's restricted to wort or milk  but of course i was joking . 
  i tried surstromming once and could n't stomach the odor , but as a french i make a point in respecting every kind of non-british food , however fermented it might be . 
  i tried natto too , would not do it again . 
  only part of the truth . 
  there 's also a left-wing populism created by the financial crisis of 2008 . 
  syriza in greece , front de gauche in france are not anti-immigration platforms . 
  in both case they need an enemy , but one chose the migrants , and the other the bankers . 
  amusing . 
  louis-marie would sound extremely posh in france , not petit-bourgeois . 
  yeah for sure . 
  my point of view is , crowdsourcing works relatively well when the question is `` is this information interesting '' , like here on reddit . 
  relatively because of brigading , and such ... 
  if you use crowdsourcing to ask the question `` is this information true '' , it does n't take a genius ( although apparently you need to be more clever than a stand-up-comedian-turned-politician ) to guess how it 's gon na end up ... facebook opted for this approach , but the question is `` is this information possibly false '' , which makes a difference . 
  and of course , if a third party decides what gets published in the end , you technically do n't have freedom for the press anymore . 
  which is one of the steps that lead to dictatorship indeed . 
  that must be the dumbest thing i heard today .
