well , in france it 's also what used to be called in the revolutionary calendar the 18 of brumaire , aka the day napoleon 's coup nailed the coffin of the french republic ... 
  we can all understand that , it 's just i guess we 're not so sure isolationism was the appropriate answer , neither for you nor for us ... 
  ok , but apart from mutually assured destruction through nukes , the rest still seemed like a walk in the park in regard to what had happened just before . 
  maybe you 're right and it still is only a matter of perception , but i have a feeling of regression right now ... 
  not so much a blind spot than a bias . 
  there 's always a bias against the populist candidate . 
  my guess would be people lie to pollsters . 
  let 's just take that into account . 
  if the statisticians ca n't model it , we readers can always assume a larger margin is needed for a non-populist victory . 
  yeah , let 's not make the same mistake and accept the fact that she indeed can win forefront . 
  that 's the first step in defeating her . 
  i guess i 'm used to associate gaelic and irish because of the sports , 
  yeah me neither , it depends if it is a treaty or not . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_european_union according to this source , i 'd say probably the 4 `` treaty languages '' : the 3 working languages ( english german french ) plus gaelic , for whatever reason ... 
  yeah i know , and i 'm in favor of freedom of movement anyway  just trying to find reasons as for why it 's harder for romania to get these visa exemptions , compared to the rest of eastern europe . 
  maybe it 's just about the gdp in the end . 
  i 'm sorry to say that , but living in a big capital , i 'd exchange your rroms for your muslims anytime ... ( i 'm talking about the kind of rroms that settle around touristic places in big western cities , i 'm not making generalities of course . 
  i 'm not prejudiced towards romas in general . ), 
  this is n't politically correct , but it 's probably the biggest hurdle when considering visa-free travel for romanians . 
   idiot . 
  tone down the insults , troll . 
  everybody can have legitimate reasons to do things , my point is they are 3 millions and veto something the rest of europe has agreed about . 
  if it 's about wallonia 's interests , at least an agreement can be worked out . 
  saying `` i 'm vetoing because i know better than you what 's good for you '' is hypocritical . 
  i declare myself incompetent as to decide whether or not this treaty is good or not for the eu in general , and agricultural sector in particular  sorry about ` party ' , i 'm not a native speaker . 
  ah allright , understood it as political party , my mistake, 
  you obviously have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  nowadays most of the electronic components in your personal devices are produced in taiwan and mainland china . 
  even in r&d japanese influence has dwindled . 
  no country has remained unaffected by globalization . 
  oh sorry , i forgot about north korea . 
  typical far-left bullshit excuse `` i 'm doing it for the rest of you '' we get served here in france each time a tiny minority sends a reform down the drain ( even when they are personally not impacted by it , see earlier this year ) . 
  whether or not these deals are good for us , this is clearly not my vision of a working democracy . 
  ( also , wallonia is not a party , but i guess it 's a typo  ), 
  eh , maybe next time the germans will save us from people like you . 
  of course it would , i was n't being sarcastic , 
  it is . 
  you just probably did n't know this antiquity still exists , and is headed by the current prince of wales , 
  replace english as what ? 
  there are three `` working languages '' in the eu , and german is of course one of them . 
  there seems to be some happy fews that would like to houst english as a working language , but that would make us look very silly to the rest of the world is n't it , 
  nah , frankly they are mostly irrelevant now . 
  the ring wing political platform has given up the idea of repealing the law , and even in the front national ( far-right populists , think ukip ) some voices are for letting it be . 
  not mentioning them is the perfect way to beat them at that point i think . 
  yeah , cost overruns in defense acquisitions are clearly a french thing according to my one data point , let 's pick on those poor suckers because hey i 'm sure $ my_country is doing so much better  http://warontherocks.com/2014/12/top-10-failed-defense-programs-of-the-rma-era/, 
  indeed , but i could ' t resist \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  we 're totally on the same page . 
  i was pushing the `` with great powers come great responsibilities '' narrative because i felt people in the thread were quickly dismissive of the intent of the politician , whereas i felt that behind the obvious `` rule-of-law applies '' fact , the questions of the jurisdiction and of the amount of the fines were actually political by nature . 
  well , people seemed to disagree , so i rage-continued , 
  i know i 'm playing the devil 's advocate , and i certainly hate bnp for what they did , but if you find it perfectly reasonable that the us imposes its foreign policy via the international financial system and its dominant currency , there 's not much more to say . 
  i actually generally agree with the us foreign policy , and still think this rather arbitrary fines pose a lot of questions , and feel a bit like bullying . 
  that was wishful thinking on my part , i admit i do n't have the slightest clue about which stage the negotiations were at ... 
  armament is special though . 
  you would n't want to buy all your weapons from a country you might be at war with in the near future obviously . 
  totally does n't apply here anyway , so i get your point . 
  not gon na try to argue with your dogma . 
  no , the uk was a mess in the 70s because it was n't part of the eec , and the commonwealth did n't work as well ( at least at the time ) as a market . 
  it got better when it joined the eec . 
  thatcher ( ding-dong , the witch is dead ) made the uk over-perform its neighbors through very favorable deals and by deregulating the city . 
  she is by no mean the root cause of the recovery . 
  that is an understandable point of view . 
  saying `` the global economy is structured in such a way that transactions in dollars are inevitable , giving the us an unfair advantage '' is also , i think , understandable . 
  people do not necessarily `` want '' to do transactions in dollars , 
  the source is certainly biased . 
  she 's a french lawmaker . 
  these jurisdictions quarrels are a negotiation of sort , so she probably takes an extreme stand on purpose . 
  but you still fail to perceive the problem ( whether or not the aforementioned politician is right is another debate , but the question she raises is still valid ) . 
  the us laws applies because the transactions occurred in dollars . 
  nobody argues that this bank misbehaved , nobody argues it should n't be fined . 
  the question is the us law 's jurisdiction , and notably the ( arguably unfair ) way the ubiquity of the dollar in the global economy makes it unfathomably large . 
  two things : - i 'm with you on the subject of fines , obviously - i do n't deny the legality of these fines under us laws . 
  i question , and that 's the point of the politician in the article , the jurisdiction of the us law in these cases . 
  also , i do n't think saying we should `` strengthen the use of intelligence services for economic means '' makes you crazy . 
  if you want to make this kind of behavior a chinese monopoly , i think you 're crazy naive . 
  i do hope that only counter-intelligence is meant though . 
  tell me friend , what would you think about an `` ally '' that pockets every year millions in eu subventions , then goes on to tell you what a `` shitty ally '' you are and screw you last minute over a business deal ? 
  i hope airbus asks for compensations . 
  look yourself in the mirror once in a while . 
  care to explain why the us treasury would have its hands in the pockets of those companies though ? 
  while i find it adequate that thugs dealing with the mullah regime be fined , do you find it normal that the us gets 10s of billions just because the transaction occurred in dollars ? 
  locating these no-go zones inside paris was the ridiculous part . 
  everybody knows which projects in the suburbs are dangerous . 
  nobody goes there . 
  well , classic big lie propaganda technique : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_techniques, 
  what ? 
  in 1973 the uk was called the sick man of europe , get your facts straight . 
  ok , you got me . 
  i grew up in ajaccio , toulon and bayonne  but i also spent 4 years in cahors as a youngster , and clearly remember freezing my ass off in winter indeed . 
  basically the closer from massif central , the colder . 
  when i moved as a 20 years old from southern france to paris , i discovered the hard way that beanies , gloves and scarves are not made only for skying . 
  you be warned , 
  judged by today 's standard everyone of our ancestors is a bigoted , sexist and violent shithead . 
  if it 's to replace him with a maya chief , they will just get a violent colored shithead instead of a violent white shithead . 
  moving on . 
  as for what the catalans want , i 'm not worried for the fate of this statue . 
  you probably know it , but from the `` hard sciences '' point-of-view , the most well-known rebuttal in france was sokal and bricmont 's `` impostures intellectuelles '' , following the sokal hoax : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fashionable_nonsense it made quite an impact on the parisian intellectual life . 
  is my belief in the non-existence of the tooth fairy and santa claus a religion then ? 
  there 's nothing special about it , i ca n't talk about germany , but in france religions have been centralized and organized such as they present a single authority figure since the secular law of 1905 . 
  the problem with islam is that it basically did n't exist in france at that time . 
  also , muslims in france come from several countries with different religious authority figures , not to mention the wahabbists that try their luck with everybody .
