  if you want to accuse the `` system '' , at least be rational and blame the judges . 
  we will , and we have  he 's just been indicted for embezzlement and will appear before the judge on the 15th of this month . 
  he did n't want his visit to the salon to be about that ( a lot of journalists and coverage for this salon in france ) . 
  he just said he wo n't stop his campaign though . 
   which is completly ridiculous . 
  let 's say that crime against humanity is actually an incrimination defined by the rome statute and punished by the international criminal court , so if you make such bold claim you should prepare to have it challenged and be ready to substantiate it clearly . 
  which he did n't . 
  ( i 'm a macron supporter , but this was obviously bullshit ) . 
  well you know , people on this side of the pond have the same misconceptions about the other side . 
  the radical left in france ( and believe me , they really are radical , as in trotsky-radical for some of them ) are completely convinced that bernie was one of them , whereas if you pay attention he 's actually closer to our mainstream social democrats ... 
   but why are they mostly leftist ? 
  in europe it 's called `` mainstream '' , 
  reverse psychology ? 
  3d chess master move ? 
  touch\u00e9, 
  well thanks . 
  just do n't forget it 's supposed to be a work of fiction , not an instruction manual , 
  mohamed macron ? 
  did i guess correctly ? 
  i do n't know any arabic-sounding first names starting with a ` e ' ... 
  hey , we had a law in france prohibiting women to wear trousers in paris that was repealed in 2013  not that i have anything against skirts ( i really do n't ) , but it was a little bit contradictory with our latest constitution ... 
  how come this is not a dead letter ? 
  violent incidents at the end of protests are relatively commonplace at place de la r\u00e9publique . 
  frankly given how easy it is to completely close the square , the riot squads are probably pretty happy it usually takes place there ( me a little less , since i live nearby ... ), 
  oooh , i totally overlooked that !, 
  thanks for correcting me !, 
  of course . 
  even after an initial approval it is still possible to declare him persona non grata , actually it 's the first step a country take against another one in case of severe conflict usually . 
  it 's all defined in the [ vienna convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna_convention_on_diplomatic_relations ) edit : vienna convention is between sovereign states , the eu has a specific procedure for approval , see reply below, 
  establishment provides measures , populist provides scapegoat . 
  we 'll see if the citizens take the bait ... 
  video conferencing too . 
  but 5g is supposed to provide sub-1ms latency anyway . 
  well technically the origin of the eu was a single market for coal and steel between france , germany , italy and benelux ... 
  i 'm not that much into military history ( although i was educated in a french military school )  you seem much more knowledgeable than me on the topic . 
  i got that username while reading montaigne 's essays actually . 
  i was more interested in the virtuous statesman than in the victor of leuctra . 
  i think they mean inconclusive as `` inconclusive for the campaign '' , which is true , and was the objective . 
  nobody denies it 's a french victory . 
  serves as the incipit for balzac 's novel `` le colonel chabert '' . 
  also a good movie with a great depardieu ( before he became russian , is n't it ironic ) . 
  you do n't get to call people ` puppet ' when you give interviews to sputniknews . 
  amusing that they include francois bayrou , who has yet to declare . 
  was n't aware of that . 
  let 's hope it stays that way ... 
  add sunni muslims . 
  iranians and other shias do n't do suicide attacks . 
  actually , they are by far the most numerous victims . 
  nah he did , but he was clearly mental : [ barbes commissariat attack ] ( http://www.20minutes.fr/societe/1761431-20160107-direct-paris-homme-abattu-devant-commissariat ), 
  1 year ago indeed : [ barbes meat cleaver attack ] ( http://www.20minutes.fr/societe/1761431-20160107-direct-paris-homme-abattu-devant-commissariat ), 
  last year , close to my former workplace ( marcadet-poissoniers ) , an idiot tried to attack a gendarmerie with a `` feuille de boucher '' ( a large meat cleaver ) shouting the same thing . 
  needless to say , he laid dead on the ground 10 seconds later . 
  but since it took place in a shitty district where no tourist would venture , it was much less discussed ... 
  i 'm pretty sure villepin 's address to the un , which was the highlight in french opinion against the iraq war , took place well after chirac 's reelection . 
  he did n't have that much going for him . 
  jospin fucked up ( the left fucked up , given the number of candidates and stupid subcurrents ) , then chirac was n't a scarecrow contrary to the old fascist . 
  eh , castles are high-maintenance ... 
  god , this sounds like a borat dialog excerpt , 
  cultural influence too !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tannh%c3%a4user_ ( opera ), 
  that said , independence and sovereignty are two different things . 
  they wanted a sovereign parliament , they got it . 
  but `` no man is an island entire of itself '' right ? 
  i 'd be surprised if more than 20 % of these punks take the time to cast a ballot . 
  paying them to take them back might arguably be more efficient though . 
  of course you do n't want it to be the only action , because then you end up like us french paying the rroms hundreds of euros just to take a short trip back to romania before coming back ( until 2010 ) . 
  but let 's not forget it 's also the sorry economic state of these countries that triggers migrations . 
  we have to find the right balance between the stick and the carrot . 
  yes . 
  it 's much older ( and it kept its characteristic style intact for all these years ) , but they share a lot ( particularly the in-jokes ! ), 
  the canard is privately owned , uses no advertisement , and the publishing costs are covered by the sales ( even though the price has n't moved in years ) . 
  they even have huge reserves just in case . 
  which means the canard enchaine is without a doubt the most objective publication in france . 
  they are the beacon of french investigative journalism really . 
  mate , since when having affairs qualifies as ` scandal ' in france ? 
  also , james mattis is one of the only sane picks of this whole administration . 
  fair game , since the eurosceptics tend to blame the eu for every imaginable problem . 
  it 's good for digital rights , free speech and intellectual property rights at least . 
  some rejoice about manufacturing jobs , but this we 'll assess in a few years right ? 
  that may well be true . 
  i was converted to snus by a finnish roommate , but we were living in norway at the time . 
  snus for everyone ? 
  nah , the turnout for presidential elections is usually around 80 % here . 
  early retirement also . 
  edit : misread legend , it 's 20-64 which makes 57.4 % for france according to insee indeed, 
  especially since most of his work is epistemology actually . 
  a bit outdated yes , controversial wtf, 
  he 's a banker and a jew , with lots of money and influence . 
  so basically , the messiah of conspirationists from every side . 
  tulip mania is over ? 
  you can be ethnically russian and still identify ukraine as your motherland . 
  only the principle of self-determination is important in the eyes of international laws . 
  ethnicity and language are irrelevant . 
  of course there was a referendum , but not a fair one . 
  le pen would certainly claim it was . 
  that said , i have no idea what the crimean themselves are actually thinking about all that . 
  well actually marseilles was founded by the greeks :d, 
  corsica was actually an independent republic after paoli ousted the genoese . 
  and it was a century before the unification of italy , 
   crimea was russian just a few decades ago !,
