  caulerpa has almost disappeared nowadays . 
  the disaster was finally avoided . 
  the most interesting thing though , is that we do n't know what caused the regression ( yet ) . 
  that 's two totally different things . 
  the first , \u00e9tat d'urgence , modify the common law ( police can keep you in custody for longer , can search with a warrant at night , can make demonstrations illicit ) . 
  the second state of that would be \u00e9tat de si\u00e8ge , where the army would take over the peace keeping operations from the police ( that one was last used during the last ww ) . 
  the second , vigipirate , is a security alert system mobilizing governmental resources against terrorism . 
  the laws stay the same . 
  it 's just the priorities of the state actors ( mostly police and army - gendarmerie - , of course ) that are modified . 
  it 's got 3 levels nowadays , as said by u/sca - , the second one is currently active . 
  in case of an attack it will switch to the highest , `` urgence attentat '' . 
  you do n't get jokes and come out as an arrogant prick . 
  should i add / s all the time for people like you ? 
   the eu has no authority over the english language . 
  newsflash , there 's no authority on the english language at all , it 's not like french or swedish . 
  so do n't lecture me . 
  so you want to get full pedantic ? 
  be fair to them , they managed to live in that bubble for centuries ... 
  `` a fool and his money are soon parted '' ... 
  true . 
  but personally , i do n't need more to convince myself . 
  idk , i do n't read russia today or sputnik everyday mate . 
  also , i 'm not a brit and i do n't care that much about the brexit results . 
  my point was about the us elections . 
  that 's not politicians , that 's reports from 3 independent and private information security firms , well respected in the community . 
  read the goddamn reports , for fuck 's sake . 
  nobody is as blind as the one who do n't want to see . 
  ( unless you 're talking about brexit , in which case read me again more carefully . ), 
  there are a lot of evidences of russian interference in the us elections : https://www.reddit.com/r/asknetsec/comments/57g0my/is_it_feasible_in_any_way_to_believe_that_russia/d8rwsdk/ now , until i see the same evidence here , i wo n't believe russia interference with brexit amounted to more than their usual propaganda . 
  occam 's razor : there 's no need for big bad kgb here , human stupidity is indeed a very plausible explanation until proven otherwise . 
  they want our ip mostly . 
  the whole `` mutualize deficits , privatize benefits '' is true of investment banks , but unfortunately if i understand correctly monte dei paschi is also a retail bank ... a lot of real people would be screwed by a bank run . 
  well , despite the grand declarations of xi jinping ( that nobody outside china believes because they are targeted to the local audience ) , china is one of the most protectionist state in the world . 
  and they somewhat get away with it , because of the sheer size of their market . 
  in trade , size matters . 
  no , the logic is the restriction of vehicle use to alternate days , depending on whether the registration number is odd or even numbered licence . 
  making the public transport free is a compensation for the hassle of having to car-share or take the train , it 's meant for car owners . 
  single tickets ( at 1,90 $ ) are only valid inside paris . 
  monthly passes cover the whole ile-de-france since a few years . 
  so in effect , parisians are subsidizing the transports for people living outside paris . 
  since we have usually higher revenues , it 's actually intended as a solidarity mechanism . 
  that 's called a secular state https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secular_state you 're like most countries in europe . 
  not all though . 
  germany , for example , is not strictly secular . 
  neither is romania . 
  both basically fund churches with taxpayers ' money ( the orthodox for romania , in germany it seems a bit complicated , only churchgoers are taxable for their given religion if i understand correctly ) . 
  not the ones i know . 
  but again , i only know mostly secular and well educated muslims , so it is probably a heavily biased sample ... 
  italian banks need to raise money on the market right now . 
  monte dei paschi is looking for 5b iirc . 
  incertainty ( such as a potential election that could leading to m5s seizing power ) harm the trust the lenders have in the banks capacity to honor their debt , and endanger them . 
  the referendum was nothing , it 's the resignation of renzi that is starting a crisis . 
  it 's similar in france . 
  in the us though it will cost the employer about 5000 $ : https://www.upcounsel.com/blog/what-is-the-costs-for-an-employer-to-sponsor-an-h1b-visa that 's not much , but if you factor in the fact that more than half the applications will be thrown in the bin in the initial lottery , plus the associated delays compared to hiring locally ... quite dissuasive , unless you are one of these indian `` service '' companies that will flood thousands of sub-par applicants , because even if only a third make it you 've still reached your goal ... 
  we 're probably more aware of the paradox of tolerance ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_tolerance ) due to our recent past i guess ... at least that 's the reason why i do n't believe in radical free speech . 
  in france hate speech and slander are the only limit . 
  broken english indeed :p but you see what i mean . 
  charlie hebdo and pussy riot are radical atheists , and in the west we understand these measures as a crackdown on freedom of speech under the disguise of `` protection '' , adding the insult of hypocrisy to the injure of freedom suppression . 
  i sincerely hope we 'll resolve these divides one day . 
  i 'm a bit tired of all this pointless cold war revival i see online since some years :(, 
  well that 's clever , 
  local news  mainstream news  random reddit complotist comment, 
  i 'm sure pussy riot and other religious-critical groups must feel much safer now , thanks vlad ... 
  clarkson being clarkson : / https://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/mar/25/top-gear-jeremy-clarkson-biggest-controversies-quotes http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-31828184 freed from the shackles of the bbc , and given the current political climate , i 'm afraid it 's only going to get worse ... 
  c'mon , that 's obviously in wisconsin https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montreal,_wisconsin, 
  yes , the relatively moderate engineering salaries ( in comparison to quality at last ) in paris are certainly a factor in the success of the startup scene here . 
  i know plenty of startups that start in paris , raise money in the us , transfer the company there ( you need to do that to raise money easily from american vcs ) , set up shop in the valley through a sales office but always keep the r&d in paris . 
  the `` credit impot recherche '' is also an important factor to provide liquidity to early stage startups . 
  when did you last get one ? 
  these last years h1b are subjected to a lottery ( notably because the visa system is spammed by some outsourcing companies ) : http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/11/06/us/outsourcing-companies-dominate-h1b-visas.html?_r=0 plus as you mentioned , h1b slavery ... o visas are not easy to get , although it 's possible with experience and good references . 
  the last one , the l , is the one you get from large companies , and is basically the only easy one to get nowadays ( it 's also pretty practical since your so can get a work visa too ) . 
  still , you have to land a job at a gafa first in europe and spend some time there , so i would n't say it 's exactly easy . 
  now for the location of the job , yeah clearly you 'll get the same gig anywhere on earth . 
  ( cutting-edge jobs you 'll have more probabilities to land in silicon valley obviously , or in other big startup hubs . ), 
  idk , but if all the companies around sf knew how to make that work , they would n't have their current shortage of engineers , is n't it ? 
  i 'm aware that remote work is trending - hell , open source projects have been working like that since the dawn of the internet . 
  still , most ( like in almost every one of them ) of the offers i get nowadays are for desk jobs . 
  i 'm convinced too that freelancing is the future of work , but we 're far from that yet . 
  eh , maybe you 're on a niche specialty that is indeed in very high demand ( and i think it 's totally fine to brag ) . 
  as for me , i know for a fact that in sf i would make at least 3 times what i 'm making in paris - and i 've got a quite decent salary in paris compared to my peers . 
  but frankly , i do n't make more than people from my engineering school that chose a different field . 
  as a programmer here , the only insane amount of money i get to see is the lump of euros needed to acquire a very small flat in the capital , 
  well that 's what i meant by single market , after a while wages would converge ( actual wages , taking into account taxes and the services offered by your local gov ` t ) . 
  remote has its drawbacks too - when you have a project with clear objectives to complete it 's easy to create a contract , but if you 're planning to build a long-term team , you ca n't use freelancers ; you could still use remote workers but it would still remove part of the interest of contracting . 
  at my parisian startup we hired a lot abroad these past years , but we sponsored visas instead of doing remote , even though we allow remote work part-time . 
  for the reason i just exposed . 
  but frankly i do n't think the market is in such high demand in paris . 
  when we post an offer we always get a lot of local candidates . 
  again , i was just saying that although the demand is insane in the silicon valley , it 's not the same everywhere and europe is a different market ( heck , according to what you 're describing poland look a lot different than france in that regard ! ), 
  it 's still relatively marginal in the grand scheme of thing , even if it 's certainly trending . 
  if it was n't , we would have a single market and the salary gap between places would be much lower ... 
  if only ... :'(, 
  err ... 
  yes you are . 
  we 're lucky enough to be born with european passports , true , but eg . 
  getting a visa for the us is not that easy - so think about programmers born elsewhere ... 
  supply and demand ... 
  your mad skillz are worthless if you plan to live in rural france . 
  the academics behind the current breakthroughs in ai are from toronto ( geoff hinton ) and montreal ( yoshua bengio ) universities . 
  http://www.recode.net/2015/7/15/11614684/ai-conspiracy-the-scientists-behind-deep-learning the nips for 2018 is scheduled in montreal , and google just announced a research center there : https://www.wired.com/2016/11/google-opens-montreal-ai-lab-snag-scarce-global-talent/,
