  good . 
  but this is also totally ignoring the main hub for deep learning today , which is montreal , canada . 
  mmmh yeah but no . 
  deep learning is burning hot and companies involved in it are bringing in the talents from where they poach them , or hiring them where they live directly . 
  that said , compared to the sf area , we are indeed cheap educated english-speaking labor . 
  the world is not limited to the silicon valley . 
  programming is not a seller 's market everywhere . 
  foreigners ? 
  it does n't take a foreigner to put all his economies in the parisian real estate , rent it to a millenial at an exhorbitant price , and go retire in a palace in marocco . 
  people that had access to the property market in the 1990 's already did the job . 
  agreed . 
  i should have read the context . 
  sure , except you can get the same obvious result through public and stimulus spending , without having to share . 
  you do n't need to add people to increase most demands , if you exclude commodities ... 
  well that 's the whole point of not giving death sentence is n't it ? 
  given that the line between what deserves death as a punishment ( i certainly believe breivik should be dead ) and what does n't is blurry , that sometimes we do n't even know with absolute certainty the culpability of the accused , we had to choose between having false negatives or false positives . 
  it 's ethically better to have irredeemable scumbags still alive than innocents or assholes than could be reintegrated dead . 
  mhh no ? 
  there 's nothing the un could legally do against the war in iraq . 
  the us and the uk have veto power on the security council , preventing a unsc resolution declaring that war illegal . 
  now , you have to respect the wto rules . 
  it is a legally binding treaty within the corpus of international laws . 
  and if you get out , you get tariffs back , and you lose big time . 
  your reasoning is flawed :  since political orientation is correlated with family that 's not enough . 
  you need the conversion rates conservative < -  liberal during one 's lifespan to draw conclusion about your dynamic system . 
  i 'd argue that liberals have won the culture war , and that a lot of sons and daughters of conservatives became liberal these last decades . 
  and there you are , playing herostratus ' game and encouraging future copycats by further increasing his notoriety . 
  shame . 
  sad . 
  foreign policy harmonization will be problematic . 
  it 's gon na clash big time about sanctions for russia for example . 
  we have a set of laws in france that try to address the same problem . 
  it 's just a tax credit , and not a different regime though . 
  http://inplus.co.uk/industry-sectors/introduction-to-the-french-rd-tax-credit-scheme-credit-impot-recherche-cir/ the main problem is that this system is abused by large corporations , whereas the primary recipient should be startups . 
  the criteria to qualify for the latvian law seem to make much more sense in that regard . 
  yes , that does look a lot like the ariane 5 crash . 
  except that in the aforementioned , the code was reused from ariane 4 with a different thruster , which led to a physical value being out of the possible range . 
  so it was cost-cutting and over-optimistic code reuse . 
  here it sounds like straight-up bad sizing . 
  oh i 'm sure a referendum to expel all frogs from albion would win by a large margin  but i do n't claim i know the future either , i 'm just stating that i know as a fact that high-tech behemoths ( and banks too , one of my friend just moved to goldman straight after the referendum ) are doing business as usual when it comes to recruiting europeans . 
  well i 've been contacted for interviews very recently , so they certainly seem convinced that foreign european workers will be able to continue working there . 
  for the record , there are around 300.000 french people living in london . 
  a lot working in the financial service industry . 
  brexit or not i do n't expect them to be expelled anytime soon , 
  come on . 
  half the staff will be from all over europe ( not denigrating the excellence of the british higher education of course ) . 
  they come for the labour laws , and because europeans are willing to move to london if they are given a salary large enough to afford the rent there , london being london . 
  aka game theory 101, 
  time to start reading `` the man without qualities '' again . 
  ah indeed , i stand corrected . 
  was too young to remember . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_operations the only attack on a sovereign country was in afghanistan . 
  it was in response of the 9/11 attacks , which were deemed a response for the defence of the us by the un security council . 
  if you do n't agree with the defence part , it 's your point-of-view against the security council one . 
   he is extremely liberal ( in the american sense ) he 's not really liberal , neither in the european or american sense . 
  he 's pushing for some protectionist trade policies , which is against the french acception of liberalism , and is a moderate conservative with regard to social policies , which is against the american one . 
  authority arguments do n't work on me , and your condescending tone and arrogance do n't play in your favor either . 
  i wish you well . 
  eh , i could give you the same piece of advice . 
  there 's plenty of doomsayers out there , and if dreaming could cause the collapse of the euro , it would have vanished in a puff of smoke long ago . 
  again , the future will prove you right , or wrong . 
  as for me i ca n't be wrong , since i know i do n't know . 
  i like to think of it as a backlash for all the fear-mongering put forward in the past by the anti-nuclear camp . 
  i do n't think there 's been indoctrination . 
  but people often forget you can be suspicious of nuclear power on economic grounds , not only on risk-management grounds . 
  the only countries pushing forward nuclear plants are the one that made that commitment a long time ago already . 
  renewable is getting cheap nowadays . 
  the future will tell then . 
  when push comes to shove people can change their mind , especially to save something they presumably love , so i 'm not that pessimistic about the absolute impossibility of a fiscal union someday . 
  yeah climate-wise if you omit the wastes and everything goes as expected that 's good . 
  it 's the economic side i 'm worried about , on the long term . 
  because of the extreme degree of commitment nuclear requires . 
  off the exploitation of the old plants yes , but i 'm sure you had a look at the disastrous epr projects ... are you aware that the edf cfo resigned over the british epr project ? 
  he feared cost overruns from this next epr project might make edf bankrupt . 
  personally i find it very worrying . 
  i do n't fear nuclear hazards in particular , but i do fear billions of deficits that will ultimately be supported by the taxpayers ... 
  yes , and it has been raised already by karl popper as `` the paradox of tolerance ''  http://paradoxoftheday.com/the-paradox-of-tolerance/, 
  as a french i have to disagree . 
  only renewable energies matter in the long run , we are able to shutdown coal because of nuclear , which is a strategy that is a very , very long term commitment , at a time where the marginal cost of nuclear energy rises ( scarcity of engineering skills to build new plants , cost of uranium ) , and the cost of renewables is dwindling . 
  we 're neck-deep in nuclear so we have to run with it , but i 'm not sure whether it 's really clever forward thinking , 
  but when he does show up , boy do the cameras give him some love . 
  `` the young pope '' - like strategy ... 
  well you 've heard the asimov quote , it 's hardly a new trend ... https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/anti-intellectualism, 
  well then you read your own source , so you realize from the split ballot it 's just people mistaking astrology for astronomy  as for the love of europeans for the common currency , it may well be irrational as you seem to imply . 
  it may or may not be contrary to their interest . 
  but you wo n't get any support by insinuating that random people are dumb as i 'm sure you 're aware , however true that may be . 
  `` every loan '' ahah . 
  she 's not the putin puppet , you are . 
  over . 
  i was n't the one saying she 's a putin puppet . 
  i do n't think she is . 
  i 'm inclined to believe though that these allegations are true , which makes her much too close to putin to my taste ( to be fair , there are plenty other reasons i do n't like her from the start ) . 
  you do n't get money from this guy without giving something in exchange ( ergo the `` western observers '' caution and position on crimea ) . 
  you do n't get money for a political campaign from a russian bank without vlad giving his benedicite . 
  hey , let 's not get carried away . 
  `` prise illegale d'interets '' is not a crime , it 's a felony . 
  there are a lot of decent convicted felons you know . 
  heck , i 'm a convicted felon myself ( got into a brawl a few years back ) , does n't make me a horrible person or unfit for public service ... 
  `` just this loan '' ... you 're quite a joker are n't you . 
  timur prokopenko does n't ring a bell to you i guess .
