  and i 'm hard pressed to think of any communist state that has a positive image/legacy in any part of american political discourse . 
  ironically , the closest i can think of is china , which is praised by a lot of big business types for their permissive attitudes on environmental and workplace regulation compared to america . 
  ( irony much ? ), 
  if you mean the college students with the che t-shirts , then yeah they exist . 
  but no one takes them seriously , and 90 % of them grow out of it . 
  we even have a [ victims of communism memorial ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/victims_of_communism_memorial ) within blocks of the capitol building , and an accompanying [ museum . 
  ] ( http://www.victimsofcommunism.org/ ) ~ ~ to my knowledge , america is the only country in the world to memorialize victims of communism outside of former-communist countries themselves . ~ ~ canada has one too . 
  we are the most rigidly and consistently anti-communist country in the world , by far . 
  hell , we 're so anticommunist , our government made it illegal for us to travel or do business with cuba , because its communist . 
  kind of funny , in the context of this thread , that our government prevents us from traveling to another country in the name of freedom . 
  hating communism is such an entrenched part of our national character . 
  america hates communism like germany hates disorder , like france hates going to work , like switzerland hates a train that 's 30 seconds behind schedule , like australia hates people who think they 're better then everyone else , like canada hates being conflated with america , etc. . . 
  really dude , you have n't seen any criticism of communism in america ? 
  it 's quite rare that one feels the need to ask this question around here , but , are you sure you 're from america ? 
  like the `` usa '' america , not south america or something ? 
  because in the usa , anticommunism is one of the strongest and most ubiquitous political sentiments in existence . 
  we even have private , for profit healthcare of all things , because we decided that anything else would be `` socialism . '', 
  i appreciate this reply . 
  and i hope your fellow europeans see it so that they can hopefully be disabused of their smugness on these issues . 
  as if america and israel are the only countries in the world that put up barriers to immigration , and as if europeans are all such enlightened open-minded people who would never dream of doing such a thing . 
  eastern europe is not just as poor as africa . 
  and you should ask the uk or switzerland what they think of the eastern europeans . 
  israel/palestine is n't about immigration , and the wall there does not exist to stop immigration . 
  it exists to stop suicide bombers . 
  does anyone remember what israel was like before the wall ? 
  a terrorist attack every couple month or so . 
  anyone from the west bank could strap a bomb on , walk into israel , and kill civilians . 
  it happened so often , it became normal . 
  israel adapted to it . 
  people had to go through airport-style security when going into malls , stores , restaurants , etc. 
  eventually after decades of this nonstop , israel built a security barrier to prevent these attacks . 
  and it has worked . 
  when was the last time you heard about a terrorist attack in israel ? 
  now they fire rockets over the border because its the only means they have left of deliberately killing innocent civilians . 
  edit : to give a clear idea of what i am talking about , look at the [ numbers of suicide bombings by year ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_palestinian_suicide_attacks ) . 
  they peaked in 2002 , with 47 separate bombing attacks . 
  then in 2003 the wall started to go up , and the numbers dropped dramatically year by year as more of the border was secured . 
  its now been six years since the last bombing . 
  in the six years before that , there were 102 bombings , resulting in 533 fatalities . 
  it makes a little bit more sense if you 're using the american definition of the term `` liberal . '', 
  and it makes a lot more sense if you 're an idiot . 
   a wall is a wall easy to say when you do n't need a wall because you have a moat called the mediterranean sea, 
  the us government has not acknowledged what snowden leaked , in part i think because they do n't even know the extent of the leak ( there was talk that they might offer him amnesty in exchange for him at least detailing to the government what documents and information he has given out ) , but they do obviously acknowledge that he has leaked something . 
  not at all similar . 
  those are walls built to keep other people out . 
  say whatever you will about that , but the berlin wall was something much worse . 
  it was built by a government to keep its own people * in * . 
  to prevent the citizens it was supposed to represent from ever leaving . 
  these brave east germans gave more truth to the opening line of their national anthem by getting the fuck out than anyone in the regime . 
  what you said is true and what he said is true . 
  no one here has lied ( except my government ), 
  especially this year , since the two teams were from the only two states where weed is legal . 
  we 're like the dutch of religions . 
  you do your thing , we 'll do ours . 
  jews do n't believe in hell . 
  jews also do n't believe that their own religious restrictions apply to non-jews . 
  so to them , your mother was doing nothing wrong , because the sabbath rules do n't apply to her to begin with . 
  why do you think so many jews work as lawyers ? 
  seriously , its because jewish theology is traditionally very legalistic , and so anyone with a traditional jewish upbringing is already predisposed to thinking about things in that way . 
  or how about the [ `` eruv '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eruv ) wires ? 
  the list of things religious jews are n't supposed to do on shabbat includes carrying anything outside the home . 
  `` carrying '' can include even a piece of paper in your pocket . 
  to get around this , the orthodox will string a tiny wire from the telephone and light poles around their neighborhood , and declare that wire to be the equivalent of a fence enclosing a courtyard , thus making the entire neighborhood a part of `` their home , '' allowing them to go about their day doing the things they are supposed to be forbidden from doing . 
  who do they think they 're fooling ? 
  god ? 
  [ you will jog for the master race , and always wear a happy face !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qulqeu4muou ), 
  my what ? 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  i 'm the other way . 
  i much prefer ski lifts over gondolas . 
  taking off your skis and loading/unloading them from the gondola each time is annoying . 
  i hope you 're not being anti-semantic, 
  i should fess up . 
  i 'm actually a jewish american , from new york . 
  i have family in israel , and i 've been there a lot , but never lived there . 
  i just changed my flair for that post because i knew it would be funnier that way than if i had to somehow mention that i 'm jewish . 
  well this is awkward . 
  yeah that 's what i 'm saying . 
  you guys read this shit and think `` there 's no way they 're serious . 
  the reditors are just trolling , and the politicians are just being politicians . '', 
  but sadly , no . 
  a huge number of people really do think like this . 
  i wish it were just reddit . 
  but as you can see in the article , this is also how a frightening portion of our politicians think :(, 
  i 'd like to apologize on behalf of this . 
  i know it can be very hard to believe , but really we are n't all shitheads . 
  kudos for making the effort to give a modicum of perspective here . 
  unfortunately as you 've seen , the hive-mind will be having none of it . 
  its because it 's a map of actual european discoveries in the age of discovery ( 1400s and on ) . 
  iceland is n't included because it was discovered by europeans far earlier than that . 
  indeed . 
  the mormons out west are almost entirely of english descent . 
   anti-zionist i think you 're missing some scare quotes . 
  as in anti- `` zionist '' . 
   damn-it , hitler was right !, 
  i was n't sure where this comment was going when i saw that, 
  probably even less than that to be honest . 
  i find this comment offensive .
