in jewish culture , for some reason che\u0142m is used as a universal target of jokes . 
  [ wikipedia even has an article about it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_humour#che.c5.82m ), 
  maybe he just prefers soda or water ? 
  i did once . 
  some german guy on reddit was being really dismissive about it , making holocaust jokes , complaining about allied bombing raids , etc. 
  but you 're right that part of what made it so jarring is how unusual it is for germans to be dicks about it . 
  even if they do n't believe the lgbt part , yatsenyuk is still jewish . 
  believing in jewish nazis is just as patently absurd . 
  and their muslamic ray-guns !, 
  as long as we 're discussing european historical trivia , here 's more : until the holocaust , the bulk of ashkenazi jews lived in central and eastern europe , specifically in poland , lithuania , and the russian empire , and to a lesser extent in hungary and romania . 
  yet `` ashkenazi '' literally means `` german . '', 
  and their language , yiddish , is essentially a german creole , with only very minor slavic influence . 
  why is this ? 
  in the middle ages , most of europe 's jews lived in the rhineland , where the yiddish language developed with extensive influence from the rhinelander/alsatian/swabian dialects of german . 
  but as a consequence of the thirty years war , most of the population fled the violence and chaos . 
  at the same time , poland was ruled by a particularly enlightened , pluralistic , and tolerant king who invited the jews to settle in the kingdom of poland , which at the time covered most of central and eastern europe . 
  right . 
  hezbollah is fighting for assad . 
  if there 's even a scrap of silver lining in catastrophe that is syria , it 's that hezbollah and al-qaeda are killing each other . 
  yeah saddam deserved to die . 
  but it is n't the place for any country to try to single-handedly police the world . 
  the iraq war was started on false pretenses , that saddam weapons of mass destruction ( untrue ) or that he even had ties to al-qaeda ( untrue ) . 
  colin powell today admits that he lied to the un on behalf of the bush administration . 
  there are plenty of nasty motherfuckers out there in the world , but we decided to invade iraq because bush had daddy issues . 
  we eliminated the iraqi middle class , plunged iraq into almost a decade of violence approaching civil war , destabilized the entire region , provided a recruiting and training ground for violent religious radicals ( who are our real enemies and who represent an actual threat to us ) , and we strengthened iran tremendously by removing their primary strategic adversary . 
  and last but not least , the war destroyed our international credibility . 
  on 9/11 , the whole world stood in solidarity with us , and in the span of just a couple years , our international reputation was worse than ever before . 
  and that has real consequences . 
  it allows putin , for example , to point to us in iraq and call us hypocrites for criticizing his aggression . 
  the iraq war caused the deaths of over 1,000,000 people , including 4,400 americans. , all because george bush had a war boner . 
  no , finland took part in the invasion of afghanistan so you are friends and allies in destroying a rogue regime which knowingly harbored and cooperated with the mastermind behind the murder of over 3,000 innocent civilians , therefore making them complicit in what can only be described as an unprovoked attack on the untied states of america . 
  iraq is different , that was completely wrong of us to do . 
  but iraq and afghanistan were very different wars . 
  and jews . 
  yeah totally life in the ussr was great for minorities . 
  that 's probably true . 
  i know personally that my oldest american ancestors came here in the 1880 's from `` russia '' ( probably ukraine , but in those days it was all part of the russian empire ) . 
  so i personally , and many americans for that matter , do not have any personal family legacy of slavery , yes . 
  but we still live and prosper in and benefit from a country that was built from the ground up on slavery . 
  its not so much a matter of guilt as it is a matter of remembering that we have advantages that did n't come to us fairly . 
  and the island you 're referring to is ellis island , in new york harbor . 
  i have the immigration records for my ancestors who came through ellis island over a hundred years ago from ukraine and romania , including the oaths of citizenship in which they had to declare in writing that they renounced allegiance to tzar nicholas ii and archduke franz ferdinand . 
  especially for the tzar , i imagine that was something they were very happy to do . 
  anyway i think that stuff is really cool , especially since i was born , raised , and currently live only about 8 miles ( 13km ) from ellis island . 
  `` the nazi invaders . '', 
  protip : if you 're prime minister is jewish , you 're doing nazism very wrong . 
  really we have two national shames , the natives and slavery . 
  even if it 's mostly nonexistent at the national level , many of our big cities have plenty of cyclists . 
  i 've lived in new york and washington dc , and both have their fair share of cyclists ( new york more so than dc ) . 
  when i lived in new york , i rode my bike to and from work every day , and the bike paths were jammed with traffic going downtown in the morning and going back up in the evening . 
  i imagine montreal , toronto , and vancouver all have more cyclists than your national average as well . 
  certainly more than yellowknife and fort mcmurray . 
  such is the nature of huge , rural , spread out countries with big cities . 
  you mean because you lost wwi . 
  both stories refer to him by name as moshe reuven azman, 
  now ? 
  i did n't mean to imply that most israelis ( or most jews ) feel that way , only that there are those who do . 
  i agree we ca n't possibly hold anyone responsible who was born after it happened . 
  but its a complicated emotional issue is all . 
  it read as sarcastic ( to me anyway ) , and i think that 's why you were downvoted . 
  yes , actually . 
  many israelis , especially in the older generation who are survivors themselves , have never made their peace with germany even to this day . 
  accordingly to them , everything german is taboo , and having the language spoken in the parliament of the jewish state is a painful slap in the face . 
  i do n't see it that way , but its not my place to judge them for how they feel . 
  even here in the us there are people i know , especially in older generations who are survivors or relatives of victims/survivors who still feel this way . 
  wo n't drive german cars , wo n't ever set foot in germany again even if it affects them professionally , etc. 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-german_sentiment#in_israel edit : spelling, 
  we did it reddit !, 
  or saddam hussein statues all over iraq , and muhammad omar statues all over afghanistan . 
  true , but i was thinking more about the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  by that time , poland had ceased to exist , and the reconstituted interwar poland was n't always a great place for jews . 
  edit : [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_poland#growing_antisemitism ), 
  the sort-lived west ukrainian people 's republic ( short-lived because they lost to the poles and were annexed ) is a little-known highpoint the history of jews in eastern europe . 
  it was one of the only examples of a state that had [ good relations with the jewish community , and gave the jews guaranteed minority rights . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_ukrainian_people%27s_republic#policies_towards_national_minorities_and_inter-ethnic_relations ) greetings from a 5th generation descendent of jewish lembergers !, 
  i think littering is a big thing . 
  i remember being in liverpool station in london , looking for a trash bin to toss my ticket receipt . 
  they seemed really hard to find ( in retrospect , i realize there are historical reasons for this ) so i asked a police officer where i could find a rubbish bin . 
  to my shock , he told me to just toss it on the floor . 
  that seemed like a huge cultural difference to me , because i would never litter anywhere . 
  it just feels wrong to me . 
  yeah , i 'm not justifying anything . 
  i 'm just saying that mass immigration is literally a first world problem , and vice versa . 
  `` successful '' is an oversimplification actually . 
  what i meant is , its generally a good sign for your country if so many people are trying to move in that you feel the need to try to stop them . 
  and conversely , its generally a bad sign for your country if so many people are trying to leave that you feel the need to try to stop them . 
  one could argue that the measure of a successful country is whether they are trying to keep people in , or out . 
  even more comparable then . 
  that 's the analogy here : a government keeping its own citizens from leaving . 
  if israel does n't want to let palestinians through , that 's one thing . 
  if the palestinian government does n't want to allow its own citizens to leave , then we finally have an appropriate analogy to east germany . 
  i ca n't tell if this is sarcasm . 
  if not , requiring you to have a passport to cross the border is hardly the same as building a wall and shooting you if you try to leave . 
   do n't quote me on this dont tell me what to do !, 
  but yeah , `` deutchland einig vaterland '' proved to be too embarrassing for them , so they banned the lyrics . 
  oh sure . 
  those people exist , and they 're annoying as hell . 
  but they are so thoroughly marginalized and irrelevant in our politics that they are barely worthy of mention . 
  first of all , i really appreciate you being polite with me , especially since i was n't exactly polite to you in the first place . 
   i do n't think there 's any serious figure or movement in american politics that embraces communists .
