i am from croatia so i have to ask , did you have a good time filming in dubrovnik ? 
  thanks !, 
  epic, 
  a few months back i had a dream where some random guy pulled out a gun and shot me in the head . 
  it all happened pretty quickly but i felt the bullet pierce my forehead and travel through my brain and exit but no pain , was more freaked out than anything . 
  as i stared to fall the guy leaned over me and started to yell in my face ( cant remember what ) and started kicking , thats when my vision started to fade and i was somewhere else . 
  there wasnt any color and i didnt have my body anymore and all i could think about was my family and me remembering who i was ( not that life flashes before your eyes crap , just aware that i am me ) and this feeling of anxiety . 
  i started to loose track of time and eventually the images of my family disappeared and i couldnt remember my name anymore . 
  the feeling of anxiety left and this supreme calm took over . 
  its hard to describe because there was nothing , no colors , no real feelings , no time , no matter , but just this eternal peace that was everything . 
  i read somewhere that dreaming that you die has to do with some kind of dramatic changes in your life . 
  considering i was going through some shit then it could have well been that but i feel like it was too strong of an experience to just be a projection of my real life . 
  on top of that i have never seen , read or heard anything in order for my brain to be able to simulate it in that way . 
  this was probably the strangest dream/experience i have had and its been bugging me ever since so im glad i found this thread to share it . 
  the rise and fall of the third reich by william l. shirer . 
  he was a journalist who lived in france and germany before the war . 
  great first hand account and probably the best book i read about wwii in europe . 
  was drinking near a cache ( it was in the center of zagreb , popular spot for young people ) which i found a few days before , when i saw a couple of backpackers go over to the cahce . 
  they saw me looking at them and did that awkward `` just looking at a speck on the wall , nothing unusual , definitely not looking for anything '' ritual . 
  i came over to them and said `` hey , did you find the chache ? '', 
  they smiled and we joked around a bit . 
  nice people, 
  do you remember your loudest fart ? 
  ljudi zele ic radit . 
  it would be interesting to see a map like this of china 's provinces as well, 
  better than watching a turkey being pardoned, 
  it passed but it wasnt all that great . 
  basically there are a couple of amendments that would close some of the loopholes that big companies could use but the eu didnt accept them . 
  i am sure that big companies wont abuse this . 
  i agree . 
  i think that we are better off with it then without it . 
  however , there have been amendments proposed that would have dealt with some of the issues . 
  the language at times is ambiguous as \u02ddreasonable\u02dd is very open to interpretation , which is always troubling when dealing with big companies . 
  while being a step forward it should have gone even farther in order to truly make the net neutral . 
  some of the concerning areas :, 
   \u25cf fast lanes : allows isps to offer fast lanes to companies that can afford to pay through the broadly defined `` specialized services '' exception . 
  if some companies can pay to be in a fast lane , it will be more difficult for eu residents to access websites that ca n't afford to, 
  pay extra fees . 
  eubased startups and small businesses would be left behind , unable to compete . 
  \u25cf zerorating : generally allows zerorating and gives regulators very limited ability to police it , leaving users and companies without protection against all but the most egregious cases . 
  zerorating , the practice of not counting a consumer 's usage of certain applications against users ' monthly bandwidth caps , creates the same harms to, 
  innovation and competition as fast lanes as it is typically provided for payment . 
  \u25cf classbased discrimination : allows isps to define classes and speed up or slow down traffic in those specified classes , even if there is no network congestion . 
  this classbased discrimination distorts competition , stifles innovation , harms users , and hurts providers who encrypt traffic by putting all encrypted traffic in the slow lane . 
  \u25cf impending congestion management : a llows isps to prevent `` impending congestion '' \u037e this highlysubjective standard effectively gives isps the right to slow down traffic anytime , not just during times of actual congestion . 
  they are points of concern that can arise from the exploitation of loopholes that have not been covered by the document . 
  the amendments were supposed to close the loopholes and prevent these issues but they didnt pass . 
  that is why people have been saying that it is a ` watered down ' net neutrality bill . 
  managing congestion is not stupid and i didnt say it was . 
  the problem is that the language in the document is not specific enough and does not address issues which could lead to exploitation such as managing congestion when there is no real need . 
  loopholes are always abused so i hope that there will be regulations that will prevent companies abusing them and that there will be room to adapt to new situations by amending the document . 
  actual amendments ,, 
  and a clearer explanation of the ` fast lanes ' and ` zeroratings ' ,, 
  prevent network discrimination, 
  large deep-pocketed companies should not be allowed to buy vip tickets to prioritise their content over other traffic on the internet . 
  what eu parliamentarians need to do : clarify the criteria defining specialised services to disallow discrimination on the network . 
  treat all traffic equally, 
  all traffic on the internet should be treated equally , with both unencrypted and encrypted content delivered as fast as possible . 
  what eu parliamentarians need to do : modify the provisions on traffic management to ensure equal treatment of traffic . 
  traffic management should be transparent , targeted and in accordance with the law . 
  freedom to ban zero rating, 
  isps should not be allowed to become gatekeepers and charge companies for the delivery of their services . 
  anyone with a great idea should be able to reach internet users without having to pay a toll . 
  what eu parliamentarians need to do : add a provision to enable member states to ban the anti-competitive , discriminatory practices . 
  managing network congestion, 
  isps should be allowed to manage traffic in cases of congestion , but only if it is actually taking place . 
  what eu parliamentarians need to do : clarify the rules for managing congestion to prevent isps from interfering with the network for a discriminatory reason . 
  yeah i also thought it was too ` clean cut ' . 
  i had to stretch my imagination a bit to fit the cyberpunk setting and it is definitely something that fits into it , especially with things like illegal races for bitcoins . 
  this video is a bit more ` raw ' and might fit better . 
  also their other videos are pretty cool and set the cyberpunk vibe like drone racing in an abandoned car park . 
  yes !, 
  this needs to happen soon, 
  he should have waited to publish this before the end of the war in order to change the borders . 
  basically it was outdated as soon as it came out, 
  blackfyre . 
  brought back by the dragon, 
  i just finished gotm today and have dg waiting . 
  in fact i already read the prologue before i told myself i needed to slow down . 
  i echo you on reading asoiaf too quick but with this series , and erikson 's writing style , i feel i need to take it easy . 
  maybe i will find a job soon so that i wont have so much time on my hands ... 
  anyway , i found ( somewhere on this sub ) the [ tor ] ( http://www.tor.com/2010/07/07/the-malazan-re-read-of-the-fallen-gardens-of-the-moon-part-1/ ) reviews of the series which could be useful to refresh on the book without actually doing a whole reread . 
  they do a chapter by chapter summary of the books . 
  do n't read bills comments though because there are spoilers as it 's not his first read while amanda 's are spoiler free since it 's her first read . 
  my question deals with european energy security and how that will influence internal as well as external policy in the eu . 
  the conflict in the ukraine and syria , along with the controversy over the nord stream , all pose major obstacles to eu energy security . 
  how will the eu handle some of these issues and will it look to strengthen its ties with turkey as it attempts to diversify its energy needs ? 
  turkey is a key transit country which could provide alternative sources of oil and lng from the middle east and central asia which could provide an alternative to russian gas . 
  also , how does the eu look at russian-turkish relations since the fall out between the two countries ? 
  thanks a lot for the ama . 
  great questions and answers to digest !, 
  this presentation examines russian views up until the 21st century but as others have commented there really is no reason why russian would be all that concerned of an invasion as it has enough nukes to eliminate life on earth ( there are also no more mongols to fear so that 's nice ) . 
  there is however , one map that is missing from this presentation and which is critical to understanding modern russian geopolitics . 
  oil and gas pipelines . 
  the majority of russian oil and gas infrastructure that leads to europe goes through either belarus or ukraine and russian companies that operate there get extremely lucrative deals from the pro-russian governments in place . 
  agriculture , buffer zones and nato vulnerability , while all being important , take a backseat to the interests of russian natural resource companies . 
  these companies are the ones that are closest to putin and they provide the bulk revenue to the russian economy which has fulled growth . 
  taking away their ability to transport their goods is a serious threat to the existence of the russian state . 
  the good thing for russia is that the eu is so dependent on their oil and gas that they are in no immediate threat ( although the low oil prices is taking its toll on the russian economy ) . 
  governments that look favorably on russian companies and do n't mind the lack of transparency are essential for russian economic security .
