  i also do n't believe russia is in any rush to settle the situation in the ukraine . 
  it gives russia a better bargaining chip when negotiations to end the war will progress . 
  another thing to consider when talking about russian aggression is the sheer cost of annexing a territory . 
  the annexation of crimea is expected to cost russia $ 4.5 billion annually and has led to russia having to scrap major projects that they had planned elsewhere in the country . 
  annexing an area the size of eastern ukraine would be so costly that it would surely lead to the destabilization of russia . 
  on top of that , there really is no significant or practical gain from annexing eastern ukraine as long as the oil and gas pipelines are secure , which they are because europe needs them to be . 
  tl ; dr : the slides are old school geopolitics while oil and gas interests are what the hip kids are interested in, 
  if good old franzy took over then maybe . 
  franz ferdinand was actually not really liked in the elite circles because he wanted to give the minorities more rights . 
  when he was assassinated a lot of people were kinda glad . 
  during the war the czechs , slovaks , croats , serbs and slovenes didnt really want to fight for the monarchy thus the ineffectiveness of the austro-hungarian army ( along with equipment issues etc. ), 
  after the war the there was a call from the south slavs to form a triple monarchy but the hungarians didnt want to hear about it and the austrians couldnt care less at that point so everyone went their separate ways . 
  that probably explains his modern views for the monarchy . 
  franz joseph lost so much that he would rather see the empire destroyed than see it reformed . 
  oh what could have been ... 
  i 'll be there for you , kosovo left me too, 
  thanks for the approval !, 
  pop points are population ? 
  and if they are distributed by province then let the middle one ( capital ragusa ) have 6 and the others 2 each . 
  yep will do . 
  thanks, 
  our common language and culture proved decisive with 9 votes for and 1 abstaining . 
  the area of istria shall join the second republic !, 
  our agents were successful !, 
  only one family managed to survive the rebellion and they have now been given a seat on the council . 
  the beast of trieste , as the slave master was called , was captured and is now being transported to the capital to face judgement . 
  the slavers ran like cowards when they saw our agents but they were too slow . 
  the people have been liberated , the province added to the republic and the main slaver is being brought back to the capital to hear our justice . 
  a glorious day for dei libertas et, 
  the council of libertas , the government and voice of the second republic of ragusa , welcomes the emissary of his grace lambros metaxes . 
  the encouragement of trade and peace is of paramount importance to our republic , and to our mutual interests . 
  we must work together in order to nurture and maintain good relations between our nations and thus welcome any initiatives that you and your government may have . 
  however , we find your words concerning . 
  we would ask of you to provide a map of the lands you consider rightfully part of your empire . 
  allow us then to say frankly where we stand . 
  the second republic of ragusa holds no claims to territory . 
  we are a republic that protects its citizens from the uncivil and lawless waste , a republic that liberates the oppressed from tyrants and slavers and , a republic that spreads the word of god to provinces which have lost their way . 
  we sincerely pray that our notions of liberty and faith are not as distasteful to you as our system of governance . 
  the council approves the establishment of a seminary in ragusa . 
  however , the priests are not very skilled bureaucrats . 
  instead of a sub-class 566/02 form , a sub-class 56/602 form was filled out . 
  this led to a law being passed that requires priests to wear their pants as shirts and shirts as pants . 
  failure to comply leads to a maximum sentence of walking across a floor of lego pieces . 
  the correction of this mistake and the filling out of the correct forms will delay the establishment of the seminary by 6 months . 
  we have much to learn from each other . 
  as long as your rule is just then there should not be reason for conflict between us . 
  the traders came together to protest the proposal . 
  a general strike was called throughout the city of all trade and business which brought the republic to a standstill . 
  the people enjoy their business freedom and reject the practice of standardization . 
  the council decided to put the reforms aside for a more opportune time ... 
  trade is always welcome and we reciprocate your offer with extending to your merchants the right to trade withing the republic . 
  the council would also like to extend to your clergy the opportunity of studying at our seminary which is scheduled to open this july . 
  we believe that the sharing of knowledge and culture between us will help to bring us closer . 
  the seminary has agreed to reserve two places in the first year class for your clergy . 
  the council is glad that his holiness has agreed to this meeting . 
  the head of our delegation , first councilmen petrovi\u0107 of kotor , brings forth the following proposals :, 
  1 ) that the border between our nations be set along the mountains that separate the valley of trieste from the lowlands of venice . 
  2 ) our scouts claim that the [ mountainous province to the north ] ( http://imgur.com/a960sta ) of trieste and venice is scarcely populated . 
  this province would serve well as a neutral zone and so we propose that neither of us occupies this province . 
  3 ) venice and trieste will be de-militarized . 
  the stationing of armies and navies , apart from a small garrison and merchant ships , and the building of military infrastructure would be prohibited . 
  4 ) sufficient prior notification [ 24 hours ] must be provided if the need arises for troops to be raised , stationed in the province or the conducting any other military activity is undertaken . 
  5 ) our merchants are eager to engage in trade with your citizens . 
  they would request that they be allowed to trade freely in your cities and limit any border checks that might be imposed upon their goods . 
  this would of course be reciprocated and extended to your merchants as well . 
  the delegation would like to hear the opinion of his eminence cardinal porro along with any concerns or additional ideas that he wishes to discuss . 
  the merchants accept the change to point 5 in recognition for trade rights . 
  we are glad that we are able to come to terms . 
  we would also like to extend an invitation to any priests which would like to attend our seminary . 
  we have reserved two places in the first year class for students of your choice . 
  we also have an opening for a teaching position which we would like to extend to one of your cardinals . 
  the council members , being the wise leaders that they are , decide to assist the simple merchants in the creation of their machines . 
  fierce debate is held in the council over the color , shape , size , noise , position and procedure of using the machine . 
  as a result the operations will be delayed by 6 months . 
  [ the [ provinces ] ( http://imgur.com/epwpdsi ) gain the resources . ], 
  [ at the moment they are informal factions . 
  i have a few ideas of how to develop the story so i will be including more lore soon . 
  i have some other plans that i want to do first though . ], 
  we thank his grace for the gifts . 
  they will be an integral part of the seminary and the students will benefit immensely from them . 
   initiating combat, 
   there are two types of combat : raids and battles . 
  raids are n't necessarily a declaration of war , and represent endemic warfare or isolated border attacks , usually for a purpose other than a fight , while battles are true conflicts involving two militaries facing off against each other . 
  both use the conflict tag . 
   raids can serve one of several purposes :, 
   kill civilians ,, 
   capture civilians ,, 
   steal wealth ,, 
   steal food ,, 
   steal fuel ,, 
   smash stuff . 
   raids are small-scale and designed for avoiding the enemy forces , so the troops sent should n't number more than a few hundred and can be as low even a dozen , or one rambo type fella . 
  does n't say that it is exclusive to tribes . 
  found this in the [ wasteland diaries ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wastelandpowers/comments/3pysck/modpost_the_wasteland_diaries_volume_ix/ ), 
  when our troops crossed the mountains they were shocked at the sights they saw . 
  the land was covered with men , women and children building the same strange walls seemingly without plan or logic , while yelling the word ` trump ' at each other . 
  our armies were ordered to sweep through the masses and cut down all the heretics . 
  such a sight is an affront to god and must be removed from this earth . 
  the province will provide new lands for our people to settle . 
  this might be the town you 're looking for,
