  [ percival - ljubav se ne trzi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxlsg5qziew&amp;list=pl1pf4ofzni2g8flzd6rfusqga8h5lygyx&amp;index=11 ), 
  there is a difference between a failed state and a state that failed/fell apart . 
  a failed state is one where the government can not or doesnt want to provide basic needs for its citizens . 
  this is usually accompanied with some sort of conflict within the country between political groups . 
  somalia is usually taken as an example of a failed state and the case could be made for libya now as well . 
  austria-hungary did not fill this criteria . 
  it did have significant issues with the representation of minorities in the government but it still functioned . 
  it was the treaty of versailles after wwi that broke the empire up . 
  much the same as the ottoman empire which had a legitimate and functioning government before the war but was broken up after it . 
  [ how i feel every postseason ] ( https://gfycat.com/indeliblerelievedindianringneckparakeet ), 
  [ a russian with experience and authority ] ( https://www.facebook.com/presstv/videos/1135742496467536/ ), 
  prepare the tinfoil . 
  we see a stillbirth . 
  the baby that lyanna gives birth to is similar to danys , malformed and dead . 
  lyanna , being near death herself , doesnt know this and so she asks ned to promise her that he will take care of the baby . 
  ned doesnt see the point in telling her the truth so he lies to her , something that we have seen him already do when robert was dying . 
  personally , i believe that ashara dayne and ned banged at harrenhall , where jon was conceived . 
  we do hear from baristan that ashara had a still birth . 
  its a bit of a stretch but it could be that the stillborn daughter was actually lyanna 's , which was switched when ned went to starfall . 
  when they meet up she is confronted with the person she loves telling her that he is now married , that he murdered her brother and realizing that she now has a bastard to take care of . 
  she subsequently jumps off a tower , leading ned to replace the stillborn with jon and getting wyllas help to spread the rumor . 
  it would be interesting to see if the same principles that were applied in bosnia could be applied to the iraqi state . 
  while the dayton agreement is far from ideal , it did stop the fighting and returned some sort of stability to the region . 
  if something similar was implemented in iraq it could be a way to keep the state together and ease ethno-religious tensions in the short term to allow iraqi democracy to stabilize . 
  d&d really like the man bun, 
  i did n't find them annoying at all . 
  refs should be vocal and they should communicate their position to players and coaches on what they will call a penalty . 
  like when he was saying \u02dduse your body on the backcheck . 
  but if you use your stick thats a penalty.\u02dd the player is essentially warned and he knows what the ref will call . 
  refs have various opinions on how strict they will call a game so letting the player know what is and is not a penalty actually helps them a lot . 
  i played hockey and many other sports as well . 
  while every sport has rules there is space for refs to influence the game . 
  sometimes they will call a crosscheck as soon as you tap someone on the back when hustling for a puck in the corner and sometimes they wont . 
  that depends on the views of the ref . 
  its like that in every sport ( in soccer some refs give out yellow cards for weak tackles and some refs wont call a foul at all and some would give a red card ) . 
  my point is that you have questionable situations , where one ref would call a penalty and another wouldnt . 
  letting the players know what the ref will tolerate is very valuable . 
  i would also recommend [ diplomacy - theory and practice by geoff berridge ] ( http://www.palgrave.com/us/book/9781137445506 ) and [ politics by heywood ] ( https://he.palgrave.com/page/detail/politics/?k=9780230363373 ) for a more broad look . 
  if you want to get into ir theory then start with realism and liberalism , then expand from there . 
  something that really helped me out when studying was understanding the historical context of international relations , specifically the first and second world wars . 
  there is a great book by [ pierre renouvin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_renouvin ) called the european crisis and the first world war ( la crise europenne et la grande guerre , 1904-1918 ) it doesnt talk about the military tactics involved but rather talks about what was happening ` behind the scenes ' , what led to the war and why nations did what they did . 
  i dont think that there is an english translation but since you 're from belgium that might not be a problem . 
  edit : books are expensive so avoid buying them . 
  use the library or internet to get a feel for what you are interested in . 
  from there try to get more in depth . 
  magazines are also good choices . 
  foreign affairs , foreign policy , the economist among others . 
  brzezinski - the grand chessboard . 
  its controversial but a good read . 
  gives an interesting perspective on geopolitical interests of the us and other countries . 
  she looks more like rickard stark that we saw in the flashback . 
  anyone notice the [ airhorn ] ( https://youtu.be/oegbqwyh8hi?t=13s ) ? 
  bastardbowl hype, 
  new words for house greyjoy : ` no more ', 
  arya would have survived that arrow to the belly . 
  an interesting article that highlights some of the security implications of brexit . 
  economic - the pound has already fallen by some 10 % and economic output will be lower by 3.6 % causing a loss between 20-40 billion pounds, 
  defense spending and military operations - possible cuts to spending which would mean that the uk wouldnt meet nato standards of 2 % of gdp spent towards military . 
  although most countries dont do this so it shouldnt be that big of an issue from a nato perspective but it would hamper any uk operations being conducted . 
  political stability - cameron might be forced to step down . 
  the country is also split 50/50 between leavers and remain . 
  negotiating the leave from the eu - apart from negotiating the leave , the uk would have to renegotiate its position with the eu which will take up most of its diplomatic attention . 
  internal equilibrium of the eu - german and french relations might become strained while eu military operations might become more coherent now that there is no uk to oppose it . 
  it could also push the eu closer to russia as g-f have closer ties with russia than the uk did . 
  uk grand strategy - where will the uk go ? 
  who will it work with and what is its place within existing alliances . 
  this is the most boring first half in footballing history . 
  no he does n't . 
  darkstar is not the sword of the morning . 
  dawn is at starfall . 
  its like poetry . 
  it 's symmetrical . 
  where are the maps from ? 
  i would really like to get them . 
  thanks for the link . 
  maybe the author didnt mind but it seems the ones that took down the pics did . 
  the pics are nice to have but im sure they dont do justice to the ones in the book . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i will definitely be getting myself a copy . 
  that last statue resembles the [ grgur ninski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gregory_of_nin ) statue in split , croatia . 
  its close to where filming was so it might have been used for inspiration . 
  after today , im actually glad that i didnt make the beta . 
  it was really great to go out there and experience everything for the first time . 
  how did everyone else go ? 
  what are the most common spawns in your area ? 
  way to go !, 
  whenever i took a gym it was taken down within an hour or two . 
  lots of people playing . 
  but i saw a few other instincters helping each other out so that was good . 
  my area is filled with zubats , magikarp and slowpokes . 
  i also found a pinser , dratini and a gyrados but nothing close to 1000 cp !, 
  thats a great catch . 
  good luck painting melbourne yellow !, 
  yeah , got really lucky with that one . 
  i also had about 100 magikarp candies . 
  most of my catches came around darling harbour . 
  there is a huge variety here so if you come to sydney check it out . 
  that sucks but dont worryy , we will leave you plenty blue and red gyms to beat up , 
  i wasnt in the beta either which i find to be better since they did get their data wiped . 
  it would suck to play for two months , build up a great team and then get it all deleted .
