  slovenia to the north , with serbia along the danube ( there is even a micro nation which claimed a small piece of land that neither croatia or serbia claimed ) , with montenegro in the south and with bosnia regarding some peninsulas near neum . 
  understanding the historical context of the area is essential to understanding why these issues are important and shows how far back they go . 
  i have heard that charizard and blastoise spawn in pirrama park , near the star . 
  blastoise has appeared on at least 2 days there but charizard only once from what i have heard . 
  charmander has also spawned here on a few occasions so it makes sense that a charizard would have spawned . 
  can confirm that darling harbour is magikarp heaven . 
  currently there are also heaps of lures being dropped at certain locations where people camp and catch ( next to the ferris wheel , under the bridge on the city side , and in the park near the mcdonalds ) . 
  i have found that eevees spawn in that park near the chinese garden . 
  also to add to the other comment , dratini tends to spawn next to the lighthouse near the pyrmont ferry station . 
  also caught a gyrados there but havent seen one since . 
  the park at wynyard has spawned scythers on multiple occasions and hyde park is full of pinser usually . 
  other one time pokemon i have seen that i can not confirm spawn there regularly :, 
  snorlax - entrance of the aquarium darling harbour, 
  aerodactyl - hyde park, 
  pidgeot - botanical gardens, 
  abra - opera house, 
  kadabra - park in darling harbour, 
  scyther - park in darling harbour, 
  vaporeon - 3 paws on my nearby , happened twice and both times i was in darling harbour, 
  haunter - 3 paws and 2 paws on my nearby somewhere in the city close to town hall, 
  hitmonchan - pyrmont side of the bridge , darling harbour, 
  hitmonlee - park above pirrama park, 
  absolutely agree with # 16 . 
  most counterespionage operations are done domestically to find foreign spies conducting illegal activities ( building spy networks ) against your country . 
  mi5 is different than mi6 . 
  allow your diplomat to conduct domestic counterespionage operations in your own country to counter all foreign spies building spy networks . 
  independent of that , have the ability to build spy networks in other countries ( foreign intelligence operations ) . 
  that division would be really nice . 
  ^ came here to make the exact same suggestion . 
  those three books share many of the same themes but are different in their delivery and would make a great topic for a research project . 
  other good ones :, 
  dank ass weed ,, 
  jesus iron man chris d. rockman jr. ,, 
  toy testicles ,, 
  vladimir putin ,, 
  fuck freedom cheeseburger man ,, 
  ronald childeater/molester kkk mcsatanantichrist jr. ,, 
  alexander soy sauce and taters master first gordh ,, 
  h. majesty satan lord of underworld prince of darkness !, 
  looks good . 
  my one suggestion would be that centers where an institution in founded also gave a yearly prestige bonus instead of only -5 % dev cost . 
  check out [ the crag ] ( https://www.thecrag.com/ ), 
  hi everyone . 
  when i turn my comp on i get a bunch of weird white lines all over the screen . 
  i cant start windows except in safe mode . 
  i tried to do a system restore but it did n't work . 
  before this when i would watch videos on youtube or any video player random colors and pixels would pop up on the video making it difficult to watch . 
  dont know if thats related . 
  i always thought it was the graphics card but im not very knowledgeable with these things . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  specs : windows 7ultimate 64bit, 
  processor : amd phenom ii x4 b25 2.21 ghz, 
  graphics : ati radeon hd 4800, 
  i am pomagos , envoy from the newly formed second republic of ragusa . 
  our land has seen fighting between families for decades , bringing ruin to the region . 
  it was sr\u0111an , who came by sea , that was able to take the walled city of ragusa , enabling him to conquer the surrounding area . 
  once his power was consolidated , sr\u0111an was crowned king and protector of the walled city . 
  as fate would have it , our king was murdered in cold blood on the night of his coronation and the killer has still not been found . 
  as sr\u0111an had no heir the families took guidence from the old texts uncovered in the city , detailing the first republic of ragusa and recreated it . 
  thus became the second republic of ragusa . 
  name : the second republic of ragusa, 
  symbolism : [ coat of arms ] ( http://www.wappenwiki.org/images/thumb/3/3b/ragusa.svg/220px-ragusa.svg.png ), 
  important people : sr\u0111an , our first king , murdered at his coronation after which the republic was instated, 
  note : new here so hi everyone !, 
  looking forward to joining the community, 
  our people seem to be naturally born politicians and bureaucrats . 
  within hours of the murder of the king , the council of libertas was formed as the highest authority for the second republic . 
  the oldest member of each of the noble families ( 10 in total ) has a seat on the council and vows to rule fairly and justly . 
  while the republic has consolidated its power in the region factions have formed within the council which will impact the course of action that is taken . 
  one is the faction of the vuk ( wolf ) which , it is said , controls the army and wants to explore the surrounding inland to find valuable resources and gain more land for agriculture . 
  the other is the faction of the kit ( whale ) whose leaders own the ships and want to focus on fishing and exploring the coast and seas . 
  neither faction has an advantage as of yet but whispers say that the wolf shall feast on the whale ... 
  [ thanks for reading and let me know if there is more info which would be interesting to include ], 
  [ a map of the region ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/qsfvbzr/new ), 
  we had wanderers come into our land who spoke the same language as us . 
  after seeing our prosporous cities , their leaders sent an envoy to propose that their lands become part of our republic . 
  the council of libertas is now considering the benefits that this annexation would bring ... 
  * the ragusa times *, 
  our king is with god . 
  a funeral must be held . 
  the establishment of relations between the papal states and the second republic of ragusa has led his holiness pius xvi to send his eminence cardinal renzi to preside over the mass . 
  the funeral of the late king sr\u0111an will be held on the last day of the year to commemorate his mission of unification and the birth of our republic . 
  word has gotten to our council that a group has enslaved the population of trieste and now use them as slaves in the mine . 
  this is against the very principles of our republic and must be dealt with . 
  the council has approved funds for the liberation of the province and has sent agents to infiltrate the mines . 
  * the ragusa times *, 
  the beginning of the year 262 has brought liberation to the provinces of trieste and to the city of venice from tyrants and heretics alike . 
  the people of ragusa praise their lord and celebrate in the streets . 
  they pray for the fortune to continue . 
  reports have also come in that raiders , speaking a strange language and praising false gods , have come down upon our province of [ zara ] ( http://imgur.com/jtr4cel ) . 
  the council assures its citizens that justice shall be brought down upon the mountain heathens swiftly . 
  the word of god must be spread !, 
  the current priests in our republic have petitioned the council to approve the construction of a seminary in ragusa . 
  the establishment of a seminary will serve as an educational institution for our clergy . 
  they will study theology , philosophy and history in the pursuit of greater knowledge about our past spiritual lives . 
  the uncovering of our religious history and the continuing development of our church will be greatly aided by this institution . 
  his holiness pius xvi of the papal states has blessed this project , seeing it as a great leap forward for the preservation and dissemination of our religion . 
  the construction of sufficient buildings and quarters will take a year to complete . 
  the seminary will initially be able to house 100 students with an expected 25 graduating per year . 
  the first 25 students have already been accepted and the seminary will begin operating in a temporary location within the city once the project is approved by the council .
