  way to go !, 
  where abouts in sydney ? 
  let me know if you want some support to your gyms . 
  im tempted to print these out and put them around town, 
  two that i got from leveling , although i only got to use half of one as i had to go do something else . 
  shouldnt have used it then . 
  it didnt seem that difficult . 
  i used a lucky egg when i got to lvl 9 which helped . 
  i caught 41 unique pokemon and caught over 100 in total . 
  also visited over 100 pokestops which give you 50xp . 
  i also evolved my pidgy , caterpie and weedle then as they only cost 12 candies each to evolve which gave me 2000 xp each ( 1000 usually but lucky eggs bump it up by 50 % ) . 
  [ i 'll just put this here ... ] ( https://imgur.com/a/4zmok ), 
  thanks , althogh i consider ops more of an achievement since he evolved a magikarp which is a hell of a time consuming thing to do . 
  and he did it really quickly . 
  i just got lucky and found this fat ass hanging around . 
  i used my gameshark . 
  10/10 would recommend . 
  i have lots of stops where i live so balls are never an issue . 
  i have to delete them actually . 
  i catch everything i see and the only dust i have used has been on the gyrados who was 38cp ( lol ) when i caught him . 
  nope , he is really fast actually but his primary attack is a bit weak . 
  i think it depends on the type of attack and that weight doesnt play a factor in battle speed . 
  nope , clean as a whistle . 
  dont think it makes a difference for the game whether its jailbroken or not . 
  yeah i was quick and upgraded a mon but then i caught one that was way better . 
  waste of stardust . 
  save it and use it when you have a final evolution or one that you really like . 
  didnt know you could get free purchases . 
  optus is a teleprovider in australia . 
  i hit 19 today . 
  i was right next to the water . 
  magikarp , psyduck and other stuff spawns there usually . 
  i think it depends on trainer level . 
  didnt upgrade anything else really and i caught about 500 mons so far . 
  yep , didnt get into the beta . 
  might as well cash in on that sweet sweet karma . 
  i used stardust to upgrade it . 
  op probably hasnt done that yet . 
  hit 19 today . 
  if youre in sydney then check out darling harbour . 
  loads of karp and people tend to put a lot of lures evereywhere so you dont have to use yours up . 
  i probably would have but i reckon it wouldnt have been as unique an experience as it was . 
  going out and catching my first mons was loads of fun . 
  triner level could influence this . 
  the higher tour trainer level , the higher your pokemon max cp . 
  sooo much candy . 
  i have been saving it up and will use it as other trainers in my area increase their cp . 
  i would disagree with the common perception that the republic of ragusa was a client state to the ottomans . 
  the republic had complete autonomy in conducting its domestic and foreign policies as it saw fit , something that client states usually are not able to do . 
  ragusa basically had two main threats , venice to the north and the ottomans to the south . 
  they did pay the ottomans a relatively small , yearly tribute , but they did it of their own free will . 
  ragusan diplomacy was exceptional and if they decided to stop paying tribute it is questionable whether the ottomans would be able to annex the republic without drawing in other powers , mainly the pope , austria and even venice . 
  this doesnt mean that these powers were necessarily friendly with ragusa either . 
  venice , austria and hungary wanted ports and dubrovnik was an exceptional port . 
  this is where neum , that little bit that is bosnian and divides modern croatia , comes into play . 
  ragusa was essentially playing off the major powers against each other and by giving the ottomans that little bit of land , and also a little bit to the south , they no longer had a direct land border with venice . 
  this is extremely important as it meant that venice would not be able to invade dubrovnik without going through the ottomans and they basically set up for conflict between the ottomans and venice , thus taking the interest off of themselves . 
  neither power could take dubrovnik without risking political backlash . 
  people tend to paint it black and white but it is far from it . 
  they also underplay the exceptional ability of the ragusan diplomatic corps which was way ahead of its time . 
  at one point it had more consulates in foreign countries than austria and they sent envoys to the u.s. before it even gained independence . 
  a client state would never be allowed this type of freedom in conducting its foreign policy where it was basically working behind the ottomans back in getting powerful states to take interest in a little port and protect its freedom . 
  the ragusans held their freedom , libertas , above all else . 
  for me , these are not the characteristics of a client state , but rather an example of a very effective and pragmatic approach to how a small power being surrounded by giants can maintain its independence . 
  you are correct . 
  the venetian republic never came under austrian control as it was dissolved after napoleon invaded it . 
  the territory did , however , come under hapsburg control after the congress of vienna in 1815 . 
  it didnt remain austrian very long as the territory came under the control of the kingdom of italy in 1866 . 
  there seems to be a lot of confusion regarding this question and many answers flying about so i will attempt to bring it all together . 
  as with all borders in europe , this is a complicated topic so i will try to keep it as simple as possible while touching on all the important issues which led to the modern borders . 
  the main factors which have influenced the changing shape of the borders have been ethnic , religious and cultural divisions , political interests , and wars . 
  when talking about borders and geography in general i find that seeing a map is much more effective than trying to visualize it in your head . 
  [ map 1 - modern day croatia . 
  ] ( http://www.ezilon.com/maps/europe/croatia-maps.html ), 
  [ map 2 - the kingdom of croatia . 
  ] ( http://www.croatia-in-english.com/images/maps/tomislav.jpg ) this is roughly the area that was controlled by king tomislav 910-915 , the first king of croatia . 
  [ map 3 - kingdom of croatia in 1102 . 
  ] ( http://www.croatia-in-english.com/images/maps/1102.jpg ) this date is important as the last king died without an heir , leading to a personal union with hungary which lasted until the end of wwi . 
  [ map 4 - croatia in 1526 . 
  ] ( http://www.croatia-in-english.com/images/maps/1526.jpg ) the green on the map shows the ottoman advance into modern day bosnia , the red is the territory controlled by venice . 
  the republic of ragusa ( dubrovnik ) is an independent state from croatia at this point . 
  the ottomans would continue to advance into europe . 
  the austrians created the [ croatian military frontier ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iwcih.png ) as a defense against the ottomans ( the map jumps ahead but the frontier was created in 1553 ) . 
  [ map 5 - croatia in the austro-hungarian empire 1918 ] ( http://www.croatia-in-english.com/images/maps/aus-hung.jpg ) notice that there are 3 names , hrvatska ( croatia ) , slavonija ( slavonia ) and dalmacija ( dalmatia ) . 
  this was known as the triune kingdom as the 3 separate kingdoms together formed the kingdom of croatia . 
  the king of austria was also crowned as the king of croatia . 
  the 20th century is very messy . 
  [ map 6 - the kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d9/banovine_jugoslavia.png ) after wwi and the dissolution of the austro-hungarian empire the slovene and croatian lands join the kingdom of serbia to create a unified kingdom with the serbian king as the monarch . 
  this map shows the division of territories , banovinas , within the new state . 
  [ map 7 - the kingdom of yugoslavia 1929 ] ( http://proleksis.lzmk.hr/slike/banovinahrvat.jpg ) the banovina of croatia is formed to incorporate the hercegovinian lands where the majority of the population was croatian while srijem , where the majority was serbian , is given to the dunavska banovina . 
  this was done as the croatians wanted to unify croatian lands within the kingdom , along with wanting more autonomy . 
  [ map 8 - the independent state of croatia ( ndh ) ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/nezavisnadrzavahrvatskadistricts1943.png ) this was a fascist puppet state created by the nazis . 
  this was the most extreme and terrible form of croatian nationalism . 
  the territory claimed by the state was similar in size to the territory in map 2 of the kingdom of croatia . 
  the fascists promoted the idea that these were croatian lands and that they must be under croatian control and populated by croatians . 
  notice that there is no istria and several major coastal cities which were under italian control . 
  [ map 9 - the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/former_yugoslavia_map.png ) within yugoslavia there were 6 federal states and 2 autonomous provinces . 
  the state boundaries were finally official drawn up and they resemble closely todays borders . 
  i wont go into the modern war as that is a topic of its own and this has already gotten pretty long and maybe a bit off topic . 
  croatia still has many border disputes with its neighbors .
