  edit : typo, 
  does n't change the fact that as a refugee seeker , you should be grateful for help , and not be a picky ass complaining about non-essential stuff . 
  if you are legitimately fleeing a war zone or religious persecution , you have to have balls to complain about food or inadequate camp housing when you actually plan to sneak across half of fucking europe , preferably avoiding the authorities when you feel like it . 
  well , it 's not like 100k + migrants are headed to \u00c9ire , amirite ? 
  we get flak for trying to uphold the eu asylum laws , so does n't really matter , we are fucked either way . 
  well , why do n't refugees cooperate with authorities in the eu ? 
  being with your family is a valid reason to sneak through half of europe , but if you are a single guy , and you try to avoid all authorities until you reach germany or sweden ... well ... that does n't sound like you are fleeing from grave danger ... 
  and you imply we should just let them wander through the country , yeah . 
  or even more , we should just ship them from the serbian border to the austrian border , no questions asked , because , well , humanitarian reasons !, 
  fidesz is far-right since when ? 
  last time i checked , jobbik was our far-right party , my dear french friend . 
  besides no migrant would settle here even if would keep them in fucking hotels ... 
  they are way too fixated on the most wealthiest countries . 
  thank you . 
  thank you very much . 
  we are called on no matter what we do . 
  somebody will criticize us , either the un , the eu , germany , austria , serbia , human rights groups or the migrants and refugee seekers themselves . 
  we ca n't provide germany-level camps for them , we are n't prepared for this kind of shit happening . 
  we are sort of fucked * and * blamed . 
  nothing suspicious . 
  not that they had difficulties while travelling with no documents until now , right ? 
  the law is to register migrants/asylum seekers in the first country in which they enter the eu . 
  news flash , they do n't want to get registered and riot because of this !, 
  no matter how hard we try if they do n't give a shit to cooperate with authorities . 
  i wonder what is illegitimate in border enforcements ? 
  nothing forbids them , actually the schengen area 's outer borders should be protected according to the schengen agreement , thank you . 
  america was all about the american dream . 
  which basically means , `` work and work and work hard for success because any form of outside help is degrading '' , and that 's why most americans hate the idea of paying a bit more tax so the govt can do a fairly generous universal healthcare system . 
  as in , you know , you do n't die in a corner like a dog if you are piss poor for a hospital visit ... actually having a govt that does offer some help and requires some taxes in return is not a violation of your personal freedom , but i guess most americans wo n't think otherwise , since they hold the us constitution as some sort of holy , inmutable artifact of human wisdom . 
  american exceptionalism , etcetera etcetera ... 
  if they have so much money , why do they need to sneak through half of europe like utterly shady criminals ? 
  hell , from their money , they could buy a house in the neighboring contries around syria , away from isis ... 
  people do n't give a shit about the skin color of migrants here . 
  however they do give a shit about the education , religion , culture and exact motivation of said migrants . 
  well , germany could be usa 2.0 , with the slogan * everyone can be deutsch * . 
  or greece ... or bulgaria ... 
  the analogy is bad because because we are talking about bazillions of people with various motives . 
  not even all are from syria to be precise . 
  besides that murderer in the analogy wo n't come after them , he stays in syria , while these people want to run all the way up to the wealthiest countries of the eu , for some intricate reason ... 
  while , i might add , they get more and more vocal and demanding about their treatment while in return , they do n't want to cooperate with authorities and rather riot or fight with each other because of stolen qurans and whatnot ... 
   a number which can easily be distributed among the european countries . 
  given they are okay with that ... 
  the migrants/refugees i mean . 
  many of them are young single men though . 
  i see that the war is n't going to end soon , but simply giving thousands of people a new life completely free wo n't work for a number of eu member states . 
  we are criticized for not providing something that we ca n't provide . 
  our immigration and asylum system was n't designed for such an influx . 
  and no matter how loud merkel says this , you ca n't just force a quota system on the member states . 
  nobody wants to stay in the poorer countries because they are n't well-off like germany and sweden . 
  the most we get by a quota system is a bunch of angry migrants/asylum seekers who complain about hungary no being germany . 
  well no shit , not all countries are equal . 
  then i wonder why the unhcr has the official definition like that ... no matter how scared you get , you do n't run all the way up to germany while avoiding authorities on your way just because of a war back in your homeland . 
  if there would be a war in hungary , i would flee to austria , slovakia , croatia or romania , not to sweden or germany while risking my health or life . 
  headlines : * germany is the new france * or * france 2.0 : germans welcome all refugees * well it was nice to know you , * deutsch * land ... peace be with you !, 
  and , what is this so-called `` hungarian treatment '' which you make out as so bad ? 
  that we actually wo n't let them walk around without any sort of paperwork or identification ? 
  we are actually trying to comply with the eu law on migration and asylum , but all we get is criticism because , i do n't know , we are n't germany to provide temporary camps on par with hilton budapest ... 
  not like we are going north korea on them . 
  we give them * temporary * shelter , food , and medicine . 
  refugee status should be seen as temporary , not as a valid way to settle in a wealthy country !, 
   that 's what should be expected from any half-decent country ; to help those who are in need of asylum . 
  to what extent ? 
  millions ? 
  tens of millions ? 
  every country has a threshold . 
  they already entered europe well if they are at hungary 's border ... we are in central europe . 
  also , nobody 's forcing them to climb over it , really . 
  everybody has a right to build a fence around his own house , right ? 
  why would a govt banned from doing so ? 
  dude , really , that 's the temporary razor wire thing which we completed a few days ago . 
  the military is building the 3-4 meter high razor wire enhanced fence proper , but that takes some time ... 
  sorry that we are n't on par with germany economically and infrastructurally ... and sorry because we are strict on deciding who is a freerider and who is n't in the big , unfortunately unjust game of life . 
  it is islamic culture to women to be modest blablabla . 
  also polygamy . 
  i 'm not religious , but do you really advocate that cultural differences does n't matter at all ? 
  guess what would happen if the netherlands would swallow up like 2 mill syrians just because of brotherly-sisterly love . 
  it would never work on larger scale , and the current situation is destined to go large if we warmheartedly open our arms for each and every migrant who says he/she just want to live a safer/better life . 
  yeah since not welcoming every and all foreigner with zero papers on hand = xenophobism mkay . 
  yeah i mean like why not give them free charter flights to berlin right away ? 
  it 's not like they need any sort of documents or cash to travel around on a civilised continent , right ? 
  they are refugees , so no law is applicable to them . 
  let 's just make their journey super easy !, 
  are you comparing italians and irish to syrians and african people ? 
  really ? 
  it 's clear it 's more of a cultural and mental difference in the case of the current crisis ... do n't base everything on how it went in america . 
  well americans think that talking about ethnicity and an ethnicity 's cultural differences are shameful and not civilised ... 
   they did so under risk for their life . 
  the migration politics of the eu makes you reliant on smugglers . 
  is it worth risking your and your family 's life for germany ? 
  is it so bad in any of the 8 countries inbetween ? 
  for me , it 's madness that one would risk their and their family 's life multiple times just to settle in one specific ( wealthy ) contry ... is this really caused just by fear of persecution ? 
  as in , is there any persecution in the 8 countries inbetween which is n't present in germany ? 
  steps : 1 ) come here with no documents . 
  2 ) claim you are from syria . 
  3 ) claim you are in danger back in syria and you want to start a new life in germany . 
  4 ) wait for train in budapest . 
  5 ) wait some more . 
  6 ) avoid getting teargassed in the refugee riot happening . 
  7 ) wait some more . 
  8 ) board train and ride it to munich .
