  the current worldwide consensus is that hungary should drop any border policing and migrant registration and we should just let those poor souls on their way to germany . 
  we should even bus them there for free or something . 
  because humanitarian reasons . 
   feel free to pay back the 2.5 billion euros you received via the eu last year except no treaty says that a member state has to pay back structural fund received . 
  meanwhile you fail to realize that , despite the common legal framework we all agreed to , we have different societies and norms across the eu . 
  probably not , but i would n't feel entitled to a free pass to get a free house in germany or sweden . 
  in other words , i would n't act entitled to the assets of another country and would be thankful for even basic provisions . 
  give me a break , they are n't even all refugees from syria . 
  but you are apparently that kind of person who feel really sorry about the suffering in the world and so are okay with letting in random people who claim they are refugees , into europe , without requiring them to do some sort of identification or paperwork . 
  you 're also good at giving unsourced shitty photos which are ambiguous . 
  the picture looks like it was done during the hungary-romania football match . 
  our police do n't wear full riot gear when protecting the migrants . 
  the hungarian police do n't know how to deal with a swarm of muslim migrants incoming all over the place not because they did n't received a good education , but because we as a country never had to deal with anything similar to this kind of shit before . 
  sorry that it hurts your humanitarian heart that all we provide is only basic provisions and sterm police guidance when these people do n't want to give a flying fuck about what they feel entitled to do in their great fear of terror from isis . 
  and i can see what your political stance is if you think hungary under orb\u00e1n is heading towards an authoriter police state . 
  i hate to break it to you , no matter what your liberal papers wrote , hungary is still a cozy democratic state and i do n't feel like orb\u00e1n is like putin ( or hitler for that matter ) . 
  some of his shit is plainly boneheaded ( like the internet tax ) , but calling him a dictator , or just implying that , makes me chuckle . 
  still way better than his social democrat precedessors fucking up everything . 
  problem is , bulgaria ca n't provide it as well as sweden does . 
  funny how this always prop up so often when it comes to hungary ; we did n't beat them or rob them like every authority before us . 
  what kind of heartwarming welcome you expect every single policeman to show when seeing the eigth thousandth migrant of the week ? 
  the eight thousandth who have no will to comply even with the basic laws of a country ? 
  oh well , police should be all like care bears anyway , that 's why they are police in the first place , to protect hearts and souls . 
  ... for now . 
  ask germans a year later . 
  and those who live near the camps/housing of the refugees , not the random good samaritan berliners . 
  i love the idealistic world where you are called a nazi just because you do n't welcome muslims en masse with open arms . 
   so that the government can destroy their property instead . 
  boohoo , like if anyone cares about their desolate piece of land being stripped by ~ 10 meters near the border . 
   switzerland for example manages to have a ruling in 48 hours another hungarian aping at what the west * can * do , how enviable for them to be more advanced !, 
  really constructive !, 
   he has more than enough money maybe there 's a financial difference between the expenditure of building a fence and the continuing costs of feeding of hundreds of `` refugees '' for months and months in years to come ? 
  the fence might be pointless , but it 's even more pointless to let in all `` refugees '' and be all nice and fluffy with them ( translators , heated housing , meals 3x a day , free bus transports etc. ), 
  in violation of all our eu obligations and in contradiction of hungarian and eu laws . 
  i like how everyone comes with the eu having open borders and how we are apparently pissing on our valued ideas ... news flash : we have open * internal * borders , that 's the schengen area . 
  it 's for eu * citizens * , not for anyone who happens to be a homo sapiens . 
  because you improve peace and safety by allowing in everyone who might seem like in help without giving a flying fuck about laws , rite ? 
  allowing your country to change by outside factors is a good thing , amirite ? 
  by letting in * anyone * without asking * anything * . 
  so heartwarming !, 
  you are a rascist nazi , bruh . 
  the european union 's motto : * united in diversity !, 
  monster trucks are sooo 2004 !, 
   so yes , hungary is fully in its rights to detain the refugees until they apply for asylum or can be deported . 
  so then ... why are we called inhumane fascists ? 
  people all over the world bash hungarian police for simply keeping up laws and not letting these people roam around as they wish . 
  oh , fences !, 
  my preciousss !, 
   we have n't invited anyone `` no syrians are refused and deported . '', 
  `` refugees welcome ! '', 
  these blockheads do n't know what they are doing . 
  hey , hey , it 's okay , you are entitled to a free house if your country has a war !, 
  as with everything else in the eu , lol . 
  tear gas ? 
  because police is n't allowed to use them in case of emergency ? 
  apparently you think humanitarian concerns trumps law , right ? 
  if there are hundreds of people rioting or infighting because they are apparently so tired of being in a safe camp with basic provisions ( i.e. 
  a refugee * shelter * ) , what should police do ? 
  make them fall asleep with an arabic lullaby ? 
  so far there were no cases of police brutality in hungary , they used limited force when it was necessary . 
  mind you , we have to be very careful , western media being everywhere , you think the police would risk making hungary look like the new nazi state of europe ? 
  meanwhile , let 's ask what the greek , macedonian , bulgarian or serbian auhorities did in summary ... oh yeah , i bet hungarian police committed so many attrocities against innocent refugees !, 
   apart from the fact that this is about giving refugees basic support i doubt that these `` refugees '' would be happy with what we can provide them as `` basic support '' . 
  what you might mean and what they are more likely feel entitled to is something only that wealthy western and northern european countries can provide . 
  why would you want to reassign people to weaker countries with an unemployment and healthcare problem , when even these migrants do n't want to settle in these countries ? 
  ( see that report about a `` refugee '' woman calling romania a `` poor '' country , not wanting to go there for `` refugee '' . ), 
   right now hungary is the only one following the rules . 
  hey who cares , following the rules is a nazi thing . 
  apparently humanitarian concerns nullify the rule of any law . 
  how about you stop comparing poles in uk to middle eastern and african people in eu countries ? 
  poles ( part of eu ) gone to the uk ( part of eu ) , lawfully , with clear rules and regulations . 
  schengen have n't even played a role in this as it happened . 
  also ; culturally similar . 
  if they do n't assimilate , they are still close enough . 
  now all these migrants ( not even affiliated with any eu member ) are let in within eu outer borders without any documentation , disobeying international refugee laws , eu border laws and local laws , and they need to be accepted by eu members ? 
  also ; culturally vastly different . 
  wo n't even try to assimilate into , for example , slovakian or hungarian culture . 
  there 's a difference in accepting in `` economic migrants '' of ukraine and of middle eastern or african countries not at total war . 
  schengen is meant to allow the free movement of eu citizens . 
  not the free movement of anyone currently being on eu land . 
  then the word asylum should be redefined . 
  currently , both western europe and the migrants see it as a way to get a new , stable life . 
  that 's why western europe is increasingly taking in all of the migrants , without really caring about their motivations . 
  after all , if we give a new life to people fleeing from war , why should n't we give a new life to people fleeing from poverty ? 
  what a sane nation denmark is !, 
  our fascist allies !, 
   countries chickening out like this only deserve misery and shame . 
  because we predicted the future , right ? 
  so now since we signed a number of papers , we are obliged to follow what the `` older '' eu members say , even if it means to change our economic outlook or ethnic makeup ? 
  or else we are to shame for not allowing to get fucked up ? 
   they leave greece or hungary because there are n't even jobs for people that were born there . 
  so tell me how a quota system will work then ? 
  eastern and central european countries have their problems even without thousands of `` refugees '' who are bent on german - or sweden-level lives . 
   call for respecting the universal human right of asylum we would provide * shelter * for war refugees to our best abilities . 
  the problem is , it looks like these `` war refugees '' want a new , germany-level life as a shelter , for free , which most of europe ca n't provide . 
  i do n't think the eu 's value lies in wanting to help every and all people of the world who are not as better off . 
   germany suspended dublin processings for syrian refugees to help yet they asked hungary ( and every other eu member ) to keep up all the dublin regulations about registering and whatnot ... 
  interesting !, 
  and then what ? 
  if they are citizens of an eu country they can travel in schengen ( not that they ca n't now ... ) , but they wo n't be refugees anymore .
