  this is why the whole quota proposal would be an utter failure . 
  if these people feel alien even in germany or sweden , how would they feel in central and eastern europe where we ca n't even provide a comfortable life to many of our native-born citizens ? 
  no country can afford to provide more to refugees than what the country provides their average citizens . 
  most governments do n't give out free apartments , why should they give them out for free for refugees ? 
  just because they came from a war-ravaged country ? 
  what should europe do , mass-evict it 's own citizens from their own comfortable houses to make space for refugees ? 
  you are wrong with having a right to `` luxuries '' in life . 
  everybody has a right to live , but nobody has rights to most of the things which can be bought by money . 
  no one has the right to a big house or a pretty car . 
  it 's unrealistic to expect any government to give refugees anything they wish for . 
  it does n't help that many of them do n't thank us for trying to help , but ask , complain and call our countries `` poor '' . 
  and flagrantly disregarding offers of help from authorities . 
  what should * we * europeans do with these large masses of people who want to go to their destination , so they wo n't riot and wo n't stampede ? 
  because they do as they wo n't tolerate being stopped on their way for any reason , and we are shunned if we try to use force to control the situation . 
  well i did n't see news about people going up to swedes with `` refugees welcome '' banners and telling them they are sooo wrong and they are < insert degrading assumption about moral integrity  . 
  because if you oppose migration in * any * way or form no matter the reasoning , you * must * be a racist , mkay . 
  logic 101 . 
  i honestly would love to see a list of things as to what we in europe should provide to `` refugees '' to be content with and sit the fuck down for once instead of going around and complaining about `` hell '' and `` nightmares '' . 
  because currently it looks like that there is no place in europe that can definitely satisfy a `` refugee '' seeking a safe place , i.e. 
  just a lot of accusations from activists and comparisons by politicians to a german guy who did serious shit decades ago ... we can give them refugee camps in the first round . 
  even in germany , sweden , norway or finland , they wo n't get a free apartment , but some barracks or a tent camp . 
  well , it 's called a * refugee * status , not a * vip * status for a reason ... 
  still , how come they are n't called fascists and xenophobes like another country using riot police some day ago ? 
  i think not !, 
  you are free to have any opinion you wish . 
  going out and trying to tell others ( finns ) how to think about things is plain silly . 
  if they mustered up courage to do a human chain because they do n't want to let in those people for whatever reasons , a bunch of swedes wo n't change their mindset . 
  i hope they did n't called them racists or xenophobes out of the blue . 
  you know , they read croatia is a `` poor '' `` balkan '' country . 
  as in , it 's one of the several countries of the world not as wealthy and advanced as germany , sweden , norway and finland . 
  that 's why austria is shitted on by them , do n't worry . 
  we are all poor countries incapable of giving a decent life for any war refugee . 
  but many people argue that they should be let free to roam around and apply for asylum in a select few countries ( while fucking up said countries ' asylum and immigration systems ) and that we should tolerate all their agressiveness and law-breaking because how desperate and terrified they are . 
  well no , if they have to learn something of europe , it is that they have to cooperate with us to get helped , it 's unrealistic to * want * the help of getting your `` dream '' in europe while acting like a savage every time you have to wait 5 minutes to board a train or bus . 
  i 'm not advocating a war or a revision . 
  what 's wrong in actually giving ethnic hungarians a hungarian citizenship , helping them in other ways , promoting their culture , and supporting their autonomy if they themselves want autonomy in romania ? 
  where i generalized these attitudes to * all muslims * ? 
  i am talking about these masses who are on foot right now , be them syrian or not , muslim or not . 
  i think you can agree that you ca n't expect all people to keep being symphatetic to every single `` refugee candidate '' ( a bunch of them are just hopping on the refugee bandwagon to try their luck in this mess ) , when you see masses stampeding around , rioting , blackmailing authorities with suicide and hunger protests . 
  if you think that these `` youtube videos '' just represent a negligible minority , then you could say that the cyring kid pictures that every refugee article opens with represent a small minority too . 
  yet nobody really minds that . 
  hell , the media shown around a photo of a * dead * kid without giving a fuck about any kind of human rights or decency . 
  and any criticism of this migration clusterfuck is called racist or islamophobic ? 
  by the way , did you know that islam is n't as open to our liberal european culture as we are to theirs ? 
  heard about that letter advising middle school girls to not wear `` revealing clothes '' because the school is next to a temporary refugee camp ? 
  what would you call this , if not a request for us to adopt to their culture ? 
  they are just guests dammit , they are request * asylum * , not their old syrian life where there were n't any miniskirt-wearing teens around . 
  this will get ugly soon ... 
  these people are too mislead , desperate and agitated now , trying to stampede into a `` european dream '' that does n't even exist ... 
  hard to treat them as `` fellow people '' if you can get robbed if you pass through `` their '' streets . 
  just passing through , there are streets where not even police wants to go without reinforcements , just in case . 
  my bad , thx . 
  i presume i would be fine calling you a brother even if you do n't move here . 
  however , i would n't consider you hungarian , because you originated from another ethnicity . 
  this does n't imply a value judgement though . 
  the problem with a federated europe is that we have more then enough localized problems which ca n't be understood as well by people who do n't experience them . 
  albania : offers asylum . 
  migrants : who cares ? 
   i really dislike this sentiment that `` they will always find a way to get here , so why bother with protecting the borders '' . 
  there is an actual twitter hashtag now , #noborders , yeah ... 
  some people believe borders are meaningless ... 
  well , maybe , you guys should ask us first about it , or at least avoid lying about sending trains and police force over the border illegally . 
  you just do n't go around and fuck the other 's ass just because you are scared . 
  letting them to go to germany/sweden/finland / norway/insertwealthycountryhere in the shortest amount of time would be as much of a bad idea as trying to handle them with this dublin and schengen shit . 
  basically all of these people want to settle , yes settle in a very few select countries for whatever reasons ( family , job market , social aids , language etc. 
  ) , and if they are assigned to other countries , they will be pissed . 
  even if we tell them that they are only getting welfare in their selected countries . 
  so if we try to handle them , they will riot . 
  but if we express them all into germany , then either 1 ) germany wo n't be able to handle them and as the situation deteriorates , they would riot , or 2 ) germany will handle the situation , but will assign them to other countries as per the quota agreements , and they would riot because they wo n't end up staying in germany/sweden/etc . 
  this is a loss-loss anyway if we do n't stop the flow entering europe itself . 
   they 're opposing the very notion that they should be registered at all or carry any sort of papers on them as they pass through . 
  ^ this . 
  they actually * demand * that everybody let them go forward as soon as possible , or they treaten you with a hunger strike , rioting , making a fuss in front of 15 camera crews from around the globe and shit like that . 
  we are told to happily accept and help masses who have no intention to cooperate with us , and even call our countries `` poor '' . 
  * coming from a fucking war-torn country which is barely more than heaps of rubble by now . 
  * the entitlement they have makes them really unsympathetic to the people , no matter how many little kids and crying women we get shoved by leftist/liberal/progressive mass media . 
  hey we would like to get back our easy access to fiume to build warshi ... errr sailboats and jetskis . 
  well they try to register them , that 's different from actually getting an asylum , but yeah , these `` refugees '' only want to do anything with authorities in germany or in sweden . 
  no waiting time is acceptable . 
  but even the syrians gave us problems since they come en masse and are incredibly impatient and entitled . 
  besides it 's hard to tell if they are syrians or not when they wo n't tell even their name . 
  `` solidarity '' with keeping up human rights , apparently . 
  problem is , half of the world criticizes eastern and central european refugee camps ( the migrants criticize * every * refugee camp , to be honest ) , but we ca n't really provide anything better . 
  or if we could , people would be pissed at their governments that they provide `` decent '' conditions for foreigners , but not to their poor ad homeless . 
  at the end of the day , govts do n't want to piss of the people they govern , so they are forced to do n't care that much about the so-called refugees flowing into their countries . 
   they do n't want to be here , we do n't want them to be here , but * no * , according to the hooman rights groups , they do n't want to stay in countries exactly because they feel they are n't welcomed enough there , not because of the lack of swedish-level welfare !, 
  so they would like to settle in croatia if you guys shower them with food and hugs !, 
  / s seriously , these lefty bleeding hearts believe you should accept literally everyone with a big smile , no matter how they act and how much of them comes . 
  can not unthink . 
   with aspirations to join schengen  to join schengen hungary from now on : * nopes . 
  i love to read these replies made by sane germans who do n't feel this decades-old collective guilt and who are n't idealistic morons who want to hug the whole human race in their desperate needs . 
  ctrl-c , ctrl-v . 
  except german keyboards have strg , not ctrl . 
   and trying to block a common solution all he says is that we can only come up with a sensible solution after we agreed to enforce the borders we already have , according to schengen . 
  or if germany thinks schengen sucks , then they should explicitely ask us to drop it , and not asking us to uphold it ... 
  the fact that he is actually deflecting the flow from hungary does n't mean he wo n't agree to anything that the eu suggests . 
  letting a huge number of unknown people with zero paperwork to flow through the country while disregarding laws should n't be a part of any sensible short - or long-term solution now . 
   i also was mostly referring to his actions towards the media . 
  trust me , a lot of mainstream media , including the number one tv station , rtl klub , shits on him , his govt , and any related public figure or businessmen , every day , all day . 
  so it 's not like he erased the freedom of the press ...
