  thank you mongols , thank you ottomans , thank you trianon , thank you hitler , thank you stalin , thank you politicians , thank you tourists on stag trips , thank you overused `` hungry '' puns , thank you fatty kolb\u00e1sz !, 
  sometimes i wish ... 
  yes , but those are n't it companies with products literally used all around the world and the relevant privacy concerns . 
  good luck with private roads , schools and mail though . 
  more like europeans in general do n't like the sv-style , gotta-catch-all-markets , techno-capitalism with huge multinational business like apple and amazon . 
  again , `` europe '' is not a country . 
  it 's worrisome that some liberland fans actually think of it like some communist utopia . 
  with bitcoins . 
  these days living in europe feels like a very long buttfuck train . 
  and angela has a big strap-on . 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's politician !, 
  i should have used / s , because by lives i mean all those killed in terrorist attacks . 
  many still treat them as unavoidable side-effects of a multicultural and apparently open society , one which accepts more and more of the people that are most likely to grow into said terrorists . 
  go live under communist dictatorships for 45 years and then come back to talk about victim issues and eurofederalism . 
   since the refugee crisis it become clear that countries like poland and hungary are only in the eu to get money and have absolut no interest in working together . 
  disagreement over apparently `` humanitarian '' issues which only bother germany does n't mean that all of the eastern european countries are just selfish , greedy assholes . 
  for many of the citizens , the eu was about freedom , and not about doing dirty work in exchange of structural funds to bring up our decades-old infrastructures to western european levels ... 
  probably after 45 years of socialism , ( west ) germany would have other priorities . 
  ( the former east germany is closer to ee in the refugee question too , no wonder . ), 
  i do n't see why anyone has to relinquish national powers so that the countries most affected by the refugees can do something instead of asking others to join in handling the shitstorm . 
  does a german-led eu border protection agency or a processing center near syria involve hungary ? 
  i do n't see so . 
   ( eventually we 'll just be european first and foremost ) geez , these federal , or even , borderless dreams always amuses me . 
  we will be eventually just homo sapiens specimens in a great planetary tribe without any distinction . 
   a person who really fled a war wo n't risk that allegedly a lot of the people who came are `` war refugees '' yet they did n't care about our existing laws in place , they actively tried to evade authorities ( registration etc. 
  ) , so i doubt most of them would be happy to be assigned to `` poor '' countries like cattle , against their wills , legal authority or not . 
  late , but to make the wording issues clear in regards with how hungarian works : the `` mandate '' comes from the hungarian word `` el\u0151\u00edr '' which literally means something like `` prescribe , recommend '' , but it can mean `` mandate , stipulate '' in the context of legislation , which is a more obligatory sense . 
  the word `` national '' is only found in `` national assembly '' , which is the generally used english name for the hungarian `` orsz\u00e1ggy\u0171l\u00e9s '' , which has no similarity to the word for `` nation '' ( `` nemzet '' ) , it literally means `` country assembly '' . 
  so the original hungarian phrasing does n't mention `` nation '' separately or in a compound word , only `` country '' as part of a compound word , a proper noun . 
  but i do n't get the point of the `` insult '' part . 
  insult certainly has been aimed at hungary a year ago , thanks to world media and various political leaders having fun with words such as regime , authoriter , neofascist , xenophobic , racist , anti-muslim , and implying that the stuff that happened inside hungary ( in camps , on railways , on motorways ) were reminiscent of the `` dark times of europe '' or something . 
  i doubt any concrete piece of un-sanctioned legislation requires the acceptance of this specific redistribution scheme . 
  even orb\u00e1n said he supports giving aid to un refugee camps which would be set up closer to syria . 
  it 's not like suddenly hungary becomes north korea just because it opposes a certain international mechanism not under un authority . 
  morals over actual lives . 
  ah , utopia , here we come . 
  no , really , in fact this must be populist , neofascist propaganda here . 
   it 's a free market capitalism , baby !, 
   it did n't get the ball running keyword : yet . 
   however europeanness must include a feeling of being in something together , all 28 of us , willing to set and work toward mutual goals instead of everyone going in their individual directions , and i 'm really not seeing that in here or in the other countries of the region . 
  well yes , in theory . 
  who gets to say what is the direction ? 
  wealthy countries ? 
  countries which had great influence in the world by being colonial powers ? 
  countries where people try to avoid being seen as inhumane because history ? 
  countries that happen to be net contributors to the eu because they ended up on the right side of the iron curtain decades ago ? 
  you see , this is the `` eurosceptic 's problem '' . 
  a coherent `` eu way '' is demanded by only a small number of `` main '' countries ( generally on grounds of reaching a distant and hazy idea of some kind of peaceful and varied utopia -- preferably as a federation ) , and they have the required soft power to make it happen if they really want to . 
  is that really `` european '' ? 
  to know better than your neighbour and then diplomatically force her ? 
  it 's all nice that the eu founding principles are based on such ideals , but those ideals were set by the same countries which are now trying to use their soft powers , denying even the theoretical possibility of a different vision , a vision probably more suitable for the other half of europe , which were not so lucky when the iron curtain fell . 
  at least , it might fit them better until they advance more . 
  well we and slovakia did that too , the legal court way . 
  what 's the point of increasing the number of invalid votes if the majority of valid votes is likely to be `` no '' anyway ? 
  should n't they boycott , so the percentage of attendance would be under 50 % ? 
  alas , the current group of opposition parties sans jobbik , for some reason sucks at agreeing on what to do versus fidesz-kdnp . 
  funny , but lmp is actually the most credible of the generally left-wing opposition , no wonder they are generally distancing themselves from the mszp-dk-pm-mlp bunch . 
  eu-related referendums with debatable motivations and the ideals of the european union . 
  ( notification letter of the oct 2 hungarian referendum about the proposed eu migrant resettlement , pick a side and throw mud . ), 
  well , a lengthy argument could be held about how a referendum would be a valid democratic tool if everyone views society in their own way . 
  again , i do n't agree that politicians should influence people , people should influence politicians . 
  well , as for polls being disputed , it is nothing like russia or anything . 
  there are criticism aimed at sz\u00e1zadv\u00e9g and n\u00e9z\u0151pont by socialists ( mszp , dk ) and even by radical right jobbik sometimes because of various alleged financial anomalies or corrupted concessions . 
  in the referendum 's context however , generally even the left-wing opposition parties admit that polls are indicative of the general consensus and most people support the `` no '' vote , thats why most of them boycott the referendum , in hopes that it wo n't be technically valid . 
  ( the hungarian liberal party ( mlp ) advocates for the `` yes '' vote though , so the referendum 's `` no '' has enemies aside boycotters . ), 
  actually yes , the hungarian liberal party ( mlp ) , instead of boycotting , supports the `` yes '' vote . 
  and i believe that mszp and dk ( both left-wing social democrats ) would support `` yes '' if the general population would be more in favor of the `` yes '' position and european integration efforts instead of being more eurosceptic . 
  but since the majority supposedly disagree , they rather ask their supporters to boycott the referendum , in hopes that it wo n't pass the 50 % attendance threshold to be deemed valid . 
  i agree that it 's not only the western part of europe that can make life harder for the other half . 
  and that amount of migrant support money is ridiculous ; it could help an average hungarian to live a carefree and absolutely workfree life considering their current expectations . 
  they ( said average hungarians ) could finally buy a decent house or at least an awesome flat , even a decent , modern car , and then spend the rest of their life doing nothing to earn money . 
  hell , i do n't have either a car or a flat , and i do n't have any chance to get that kind of cash just for existing and having bad luck . 
   what you do n't understand is that , we the east need to play along with redistribution , as redistribution is the key deterrent to keep migrants from coming to europe in the first place . 
  except how would we keep them in places they do n't like . 
  with force ? 
  i doubt these people will just believe that `` no , ahmed , you are assigned to romania , it 's futile to trek to sweden or germany or < insert wealthier country here  , because they will just deport you back here . 
  if they can , that is ! '', 
  a resettlement quote would work with cattle , not with people having unrealistic expectations and motivation to disregard any and all authority just to get from place a to place b. 
   now , they can trek across borders and stop wherever they decide they want to , and no one can stop any of them from piling up in the well developed and very generous countries like germany and sweden etc. 
  technically , they can trek across borders because we let them trek across borders . 
  border protection should exist to stop people from trekking around europe without any paperwork or identity whatsoever . 
  of course , that requires being a nazi and actually patrolling borders and stopping people without identity documents or a willingness to comply with existing laws . 
  it might very well incite a few other referendums in the next two or three years . 
  yes , probably not in germany or france , but still . 
  as for `` no '' winning , based on polls ( however biased ) , that 's likely , but the `` win '' would still require a 50 % attendance to be an `` actual win '' for orb\u00e1n . 
  which is more iffy and less predictable , and we still have almost two months . 
  well , since certain parties accuse certain pollsters of being pro-government , you can choose to trust or discredit polls depending on your views . 
  when i refer to not trusting polls blindly as `` knowing '' the result , i 'm just offering the option to distrust polls , because this is certainly done by a number of people here . 
  obviously , it still looks like `` no '' voters are in majority , but i would n't call it a `` known '' result . 
  irregardless of my party sympathies . 
  i 'm not really sure what exactly counts towards the 50 % , but transylvanian ( romanian ) , slovakian , serbian and ukrainian ethnic hungarians were able to request hungarian citizenship more easily in the past years due to citizenship law changes . 
  according to recent voting laws ( which were criticized by the opposition ) hungarians permanently living abroad can vote via postal mail , and hungarians temporarily residing abroad can vote only via embassies and consulates . 
  the opposition 's issue is that the supposedly pro-government hungarians living in pre-trianon territories around hungary will be able to easily support the governmental choice , and the supposedly anti-government hungarians who are fed up with hungary and instead work or even plan to settle in `` economically and culturally better '' western european countries wo n't be able to vote against the government 's choice because of the long travel required . 
   this yes , but doing a referendum to prove that the referendum is valid ? 
  what i meant is that there is a realistic chance that the government 's `` plan '' will fail , if the referendum do n't pass the threshold . 
  so one ca n't `` know '' the results , because they imply a landslide win for `` no '' votes . 
  a win for `` no '' votes would require passing the 50 % threshold in the first place even if the majority of voting people actually vote for `` no '' . 
  you ca n't just call it a `` show referendum '' just because the government has a certain rhetoric or because foreign media says this or that about hungarians , that 's stereotyping . 
  i feel like all those who say this is purely just a political trick underhandedly accuse hungarians in general of negative traits . 
  ( `` how could this be a serious referendum about a serious topic anyway ?
