  personally i do n't see that they are more persecuted than , say , in 2008 . 
  if they live in the most shitty ghettos and above this , they act like criminals , then yea , i can imagine they can say they are persecuted . 
  if refugee camps are not better than dying , why people still operate them and why people willingly go into them ? 
  it 's called a refugee camp and not a hotel for a reason . 
  we ca n't even fathom , so let 's just not ask them for any documents , just give them a free house and social aid in the wealthiest countries in europe . 
  i hope you feel the need to defend us hungarians , since international media are increasingly call us fascist or nazi . 
  nice how you hate on hungary and paint us as a country of barbaric nazis . 
  nobody speaks anything but hungarian ? 
  i dunno , i 'm pretty sure the hungarian guys commenting here are fluent enough in english amirite ? 
  i do n't even have a formal language qualification , we just have to learn it in primary and high school since , like , the fall of communism in 1989 . 
   i want us to at least be humane enough to accept a reasonable number of people . 
  temporarily . 
  refugee is a temporary thing , yet these people all want a * new life * in the top 2 wealthiest country of the eu ... and they are desperate and aggressive about it ... 
  regarding german courts , we probably need to host them in hotels ... 
  it was nice knowing your germany ... 
  i 'm pretty sure those were ethnically roma ... a lot of our roma tried that after the france option failed . 
  nah , they are all right , and we who think otherwise , we are dirty nazis . 
  guys , our eastern railway station in budapest is full , hungarian state railways suspended [ almost * ] all trains outbound to western europe . 
  this is the beginning of the end . 
  edit : * until the bicske camp incident , migrants tried to board any and all trains leaving the terminal . 
  then they got , well , trolled , apparently by the police , when they told the rail company to stop the train at bicske . 
  now the people back at budapest are n't keen anymore to board any train . 
  let 's just ship them all to germany ... merkel can thank us later ... no returns . 
  by shipping , i mean in a humane way , in first class railway coaches of course . 
  would be a weird world to have everything at your home street . 
  would be so boring to travel around . 
  someone got a better life !, 
  this has to stop !, 
  so someone can get a better life than otherwise possible just because a war erupted in their country ? 
  so the only thing the whole of poor macedonia or poor azerbaijan needs is a war of sorts within their borders , and all their poor miserable residents become entitled without questions to a better life than what they would have otherwise ? 
  i have a friend , he is poor , and wants a better life . 
  can he ask for one from germany ? 
  why do n't he get one ? 
  because he did n't see a war up close ? 
  obviously it 's not about where you born technically ( only hardline nationalists would do that ) , but where you were born , raised and which country is familiar to you . 
  it 's like liking and caring about for the house where you grew up , or your first house , only on a bigger scale . 
  i would avoid moving into another house from my first one unless i need/have to , and i would be sad if the house i grew up were to be demolished . 
  i do n't care about where people where born , but i do n't think it is foolish or bad to have an emotional connection with the country you were raised in . 
  in turn , i find it weird how some people make no distinction between homeland and other countries , and they can change places casually . 
  i do n't think this is patriotism , of it is , i do n't think it 's inherently bad . 
  respecting and loving your homaland is n't idiotic to me . 
  i do n't love my country so much as to die for it , though . 
  anyway , the americans are way more patriotic of their own homeland than anyone in europe can be . 
   chasing their monocultural fairytale land you must despise the japanese then , because they rather die out than to let any sort of people call themselves `` japanese '' . 
  i ca n't imagine a black dude legitimately calling himself japanese in japan , an i do n't see this is a fault in my thinking . 
  you must think i 'm a `` conservative '' in the sense i oppose stuff like gay marriage and stuff . 
  no , i do n't give a crap about that , but i do n't actively campaign for it either . 
  in a lot of stuff i consider myself progressive , like using renewable energy . 
  limitless migration and the eradication of ethnicity-based cultural identity is not one of these areas . 
  can you imagine hungarian paprika sold by muslim second-generation syrians calling themselves hungarian ? 
  you probably can , but i ca n't . 
  i find it surreal . 
  this is a difference in worldview then . 
  currently , the middle eastern and african immigration is the most prominent in europe . 
  i find it hard to imagine a europe where the country name does n't imply or show anything about you . 
  like a norwegian who is indeed a black muslim . 
  like `` irish food '' which might mean a halal meal intended for irish muslims or kosher meal intended for irish jews . 
  i 'm not against natural diversity . 
  but i 'm against diversity for the sake of diversity . 
  hard to imagine a homogeneously diverse hungary . 
  under current law , economic reasons are not a valid reason to give out refugee status . 
  thing is , after you got into a safe place , any more pondering about were to go is about long-term economic well-being , and not a concern about your life . 
  what you are saying is if bob happens to witness a war in his country , he is entitled to go through any number of countries without any paperwork , claim an asylum , and then be given a new life for free . 
  a life most likely way better than he would have even * without * the war back in his homeland . 
  if i would flee for my life , i would be happy for it in the first safe place i found a safe haven in . 
  any more thinking and pondering about destinations after this is pure economic speculation about my long-term well-being , not a short-term concern about my life . 
  thus , it is not a valid reason under current international law to be given refugee status . 
  but the same authorities can and should help you , even in germany and sweden you have to trust authorities , so they can ( rightfully ) give you some aid and help you to learn the language etc. 
  all these people must understand that in europe , for most countries , authorities do n't want to hurt you , and that not being cooperative with the countries you go through will make the locals trust you less , and this is an evil cycle . 
  also , it would be nice if these people would think more highly of countries outside of western and northern europe . 
  we all know that sweden and germany welcomes migrants more warmheartedly ( and they have more chance of success simply because those countries are more wealthy ) , but they are n't perfect either , they still have probems . 
  but the bigger problem is when these migrants view the central and eastern european countries like cheap shitholes with no future . 
  we hungarians , slovenes , croatians , serbians , romanians , slovakians , czechs , poles , lithuanians , latvians , and estonians feel both sad and angry that these people ask for the help of the world , but they view our countries so lowly . 
  yes , our countries might be way more poor , we might have less tolerance , and we might lack such a prospect of a cozy life , but it would be more fruitful if these people crossing us would respect us a little bit more and not think of us like absolute shit countries nobody wants to settle in . 
  ( people actually settle and are happy here , sometimes from the usa or from western and northern europe ... ), 
  tell me examples of handling them as garbage . 
  they get shelter , food , medicine , even paper to draw on . 
  they fled a fucking war zone , and should be glad for their life , yet they want to riot , and international media likens us to nazis . 
  is it fair ? 
  we do n't really know how to handle this situation , we never had anything like this before , not even in the times of the yugoslav wars . 
  ( we were n't eu and schengen members back then and those people did really just wanted basic refugee here in hungary . ), 
  it 's not like all people are freeloaders in welfare states . 
  these states all have rules about who should and should n't get aid and how much . 
  the systems can be abused more or less , but that 's the people 's fault , not the system 's . 
  the intention is to provide basic help to people in desperate need , at least in hungary . 
  like actually not having to pay a huge sum of money for an operation which could save your life . 
  or else , you might die because you are piss poor and ca n't pay enough . 
  i did n't say americans do n't pay taxes . 
  they hate paying taxes though , and an increase in taxes always causes enormous debates in the states , whereas in europe , we do n't give many fucks if tax x gets raised by 2 % because some govt-payed sector ( healthcare , police , education etc. ), 
  needs the extra funding . 
  the usual american way of thinking is that a `` welfare '' state means a socialist , communist state . 
  that is n't true . 
  social aid and universal healthcare ( and free tertiary education ) was part of socialist societies , yes , but the fact that right-wing , anti-communist governments still want to keep up and advance universal healthcare and some forms of social aid showns that these are n't tied to communist ideas . 
  it 's rather being nice to people in need . 
  i see that the general problem americans see with social nets and universal healthcare is that it feeds freeloaders . 
  while it does feed freeloaders and abusers of the system , that 's not a fault of the intenton behind the system . 
  it has still more advantages . 
  these governments does n't give you `` everything '' . 
  as i see it , the central element in the american individualism is that you can only trust yourself in life . 
  and thus , you better not trust that the govt you choose wants to help you in any way , because there is always a chance they will change the system in a way that hinders you .
