  being in an union does n't mean you ca n't put your own priorities above x or y politically influential country 's priorities . 
  so far , this is largely germany 's and sweden 's problem . 
  why , you ask . 
  because all these refugees and/or economic migrants want a life in germany or in sweden . 
  because germany can ( theoretically ) provide a germany-level life and sweden can ( theoretically ) provide a sweden-level life . 
  they do n't want to settle in central and eastern european countries , because they do n't want the life we can ( theoretically ) provide them . 
  why should we blindly accept what the refugee paradise countries tell us to accept in the name of solidarity ? 
  just because we happen to be in the same union ? 
  this is unworkable , and if western europe thinks it can dictate what other countries should do while changing their ethnic and cultural makeup , than the eu in it 's current form is certainly doomed . 
  i mean that a large percent of the europe east of the berlin wall still do n't have the `` comfortable life '' which large parts of the europe west of the berlin wall have and had since decades . 
  do n't tell me you are one of the human right universalists who would protest for the righs of , for example , terrorists who are glad they murdered dozens , or of pedophiles who raped toddlers in their care . 
   btw , i 'm glad that belgrade bus station park will no longer be ghettoized . 
  you guys got enormous amounts of trash and junk too ? 
  there `` refugees '' trashed the buses we used to transport them , i saw photos , they were in horrible condition after transporting them to the austrian border . 
  they even defecated on the bus in a few cases . 
  oooh croatia certainly has some of them buried !, 
  though i wonder how the fuck they can get a merkel printout ? 
  they could have portable printers , but stiiill ... 
   if they 're not , back to serbia they go will be called nazi anyway for this . 
  but who cares !, 
  welcome to the club , alongside with hungary and denmark !, 
  i like how you argue , dear sir . 
  and it gets on my nerve when croatians get a lecture on the yugoslav refugees or hungarians get a lecture on the 1956 refugees , all from austria , and how it 's supposedly hipocritic for us to be against this illegal mass migration madness happening all over the eu . 
  aaand you are the type to happily bring up 1956 and how austria was such a nice guy accepting hungarians who fled the revolution and the crushing and retribution of said revolution . 
  oh please , for fuck 's sake , we are talking about people with an entirely different culture here . 
  well your state railway just ships them into finland without any kind of checks , for the lulz . 
  exactly , these people , whether legitimate refugees or economic migrants hopping on the refugee bandwagon wo n't be okay with living in camps . 
  when they imagined europe , they did n't imagined camps , so it 's highly likely that there will be a lot of rioting around europe , no matter how wealthy is the country ... 
  the wealthier countries get so much more people that their camps wo n't be significantly better than those of the less wealthy countries ... 
  so everyone will be pissed at their host country . 
  i did n't remember masses of migrants chanting `` germany , germany '' clogging up our main international railway terminal and blocking our main motorway at night by marching on it in the past years . 
  i do n't remember migrants rioting and police having to use tear gas on them in the past years either . 
  so yeah , looks like the chaos was n't here years ago , at least not in hungary . 
  by the way , is n't this pretty much ... * racial profiling * ? 
  well , racial discrimination anyway . 
  as they say , we rarely get pissed , but when we do , you are in for shit . 
  1956 was a prime example , and it got into history books . 
  because it 's bbc , and it 's western european . 
  you 're welcome . 
  you can pay back later if you feel like so . 
  half of that is itself exaggeration , western media basically likened orb\u00e1n to putin , which is ridiculous . 
  but we are getting called xenophobes , racists , fascist , or even neo-nazis now . 
  that 's too much . 
   here is a little legal grey area and we can bet that this 10 meter wide strip of legally grey ( but actually green ) area * will * be the talking point of bleeding heart leftists and human rights warriors when attacking the government , their motivation and the current legal system in place . 
  `` since they are geographically on hungarian soil , we should accept their refugee request from behind the fence , we should make sure they are healthy and well-feed behind the fence '' , etcetera , etcetera ... 
  keyword * blonde * . 
  so we know this shit can affect even teenagers who are n't first or second generation migrants like those girls in austria trying to join isis ... 
  because clearly there is no problem . 
  everything is as usual , and if anything should change , is that authorities should do their job * properly * by accepting and housing the 800.000 + helpless refugees . 
  still a reductio ad absurdum , no matter how funny . 
  also adding to the silliness : we do n't plan to build a fence all along the romanian border , that would be insane and pointless . 
  we * might * extend the border fence by around 10 kilometers along romanian border so migrants wo n't just come around the hungary-serbia-romania border tripoint when they reach the end of the fence there . 
  and what do you call british ? 
  or who do you call a brit ? 
  no , these two were rhetoric questions . 
  just when i thought about this idea of extending the v4 , i learn that people imagined this back before ww2 ... 
  damn . 
  yes !, 
  i can fully support this idea !, 
  get the baltics and finland on board , make sure we do n't lean on russia or the us , and roll together . 
  such torture , many pain , so fingerprintless , wow !, 
  problem is , giving out citizenship like free candy is a no-no in terms of security , national identity etc. 
  they can vote with a citizenship !, 
  apart from that fact , this plan would fuck germany in the ass , without lube . 
  i like it . 
   massage parlors how come in hungary they are more known for selling cheap shit and tiger balm in chinese markets ? 
  damn . 
  if we could get the baltic states and finland on board too in some sort of political union ... a finno-slavic one ... 
  okay , okay , a slavo-finnic one , we could get all along quite well !, 
  and we would hold considerable power !, 
  i wish ... 
  we `` tried '' to integrate ours into france and canada , but they did n't found them 100 % iso-compatible with western ideals , so we got them back . 
  hungary 's borders are n't closed . 
  everyone can cross the serbian border at the legal border crossing , and they are free to produce valid papers to the authorities or to apply for asylum according to eu rules . 
  otherwise they have no business of being on hungarian soil coming from outside the schengen area . 
  end of story . 
  maybe ... maybe a separate central and eastern european union is in the making ? 
  i agree with you , but  and europeans in general probably wouldnt sell their comfortable lives i think of the berlin wall and the iron curtain dividing europe , and shed a tear or two reading this part . 
  ... and yet the leftist parties here still go on and on about accepting refugees and whatnot ... not that they had a chance in the next elections , but still ... 
  you can have a slice of my pie ... 
  wait ... we do n't have any either . . 
  well it 's usually stuff like gardening , park cleaning , street sweeping , shit like this , done on municipal/govt public property . 
  i would n't call it as hard as a proper full-time job . 
  i 'm still waiting for the threesome with slovakia . 
  impossibru !, 
  who said the eu is or should be a federal country ? 
  the eu is waaay more different than the us was ever , you ca n't compare the sheer difference between various european countries and the variance between us states . 
  as for popcorn , everybody buys prepackaged corn and pop it in a microwave oven , so it 's unlikely that we pop our own corn . 
  corn itself is integral in feeding poultry and it 's used in dishes , but as far as i can tell from budapest , it does n't really play an important role in the average city dwellers diet anymore . 
  maybe if you are poor and have to eat that porridge-like thing which peasants ate back in the old days . 
  in the past 1-2 weeks , daily inflow passed 3000 . 
  what about a litter of cats ? 
  unfortunately their litter is n't cats . 
  german , austrian and swedish activists , more likely . 
  yup . 
  this is the temporary solution to enforce the lockdown at midnight at the r\u00f6szke rail crossing of the hungary-serbia border , so the fence will be complete . 
  a regular sliding gate is under construction though . 
  final form : http://szegedma.hu/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/migransok_0915_26_gs.jpg meme 'd : http://kep.cdn.index.hu/1/0/988/9887/98878/9887847_42d22b730be50157cc5706065867d5d8_wm.jpg note : i support this shit , way too cool . 
  edit : note 2 : do n't be such a bleeding heart to downvote me , guys . 
  never shot a gun , never held one , and i do n't remember seeing one for real .
