   what about all the people who are still there and die every day ? 
  why do n't we send buses and planes and trains to the border of syria and bring them all straight to germany , skipping the risky trip ? 
  yes , why do n't wealthy ( and even less wealthy ) european countries offer a safe life free of charge to basically every citizen of war-torn or poverty-stricken nation on earth ? 
  i mean , it 's not like europe ca n't `` integrate '' literally tens of millions of people from the middle east and africa , who are apparently in need of a better life right now or who might die tomorrow . 
  it 's not like it would take an enormous amount of everyone 's money and an enormous cultural change to accept millions of people with vastly different cultural beliefs , and provide them with jobs , housing , social aid etcetera . 
  it 's not like we do n't have our own problems . 
  why not accept everyone without taking any considerations ? 
  let 's point fingers at countries and regions and tell them `` you have to accept x hundred thousand foreigners because they have a worse life than you guys or you are all bad , heartless people '' and then ask the syrians , pakistanis , nigerians and other refugees what country they wish to settle in , and voil\u00e1 , make their choosen country give them a free house , social aids and a free language lesson . 
  there are limits to humanitarian idealism . 
  this is n't idealism , this is unrealistic madness . 
  two words : different situation . 
  but anyway , thanks in the name of hungarans . 
  great news , as a hungarian , i 'm looking forward to this tv show !, 
  sounds interesting enough !, 
  this occupation thing is quite new to us . 
  fucking huge and fucking cold mountains everywhere i might guess . 
  well , roughly speaking . 
  i do n't think australia have enough space . 
  well , maybe they do , but they sure do n't have enough ac units !, 
  as a hungarian , i am interested in this tv show . 
  probably i should prepare salami sandwiches before starting to watch it . 
  after all , this occupation thing is new to us hungarians . 
  so basically the answer to terrorism is the answer to homelessness and other socioeconomic issues as well . 
  but i believe the problem is , for some reason , the most problematic group of people in regards with extremism ( immigrants from muslim-majority countries and their descendants ) would need to most generous social spending , which ticks off the justice sense of the rest of society . 
  why it is said that they are more afraid of female fighters then , if they have no connection for islam in their motives ? 
  rational people having rational motivations know that if anything , female fighters are less capable because of their physical strength . 
  so the fact that they kill gays and impose female clothing rules has nothing to do with any religion or god at all , no matter what any isis member claims ? 
  the romanian language has very little to do with hungarian , that 's not really disputed by even neonazis and hungarists here . 
  though romanians lived in the territory transylvania since long , it was generally a hungarian territory at first , and it was under hungarian administration for a long time , for a good reason . 
  you guys do n't even need sz\u00e9kelyland , at least you could give back that , it only has bears and funny hungarians with an accent . 
  nah , it did n't really sacked any specific influence ( as hungarian has many loanwords from turkish , slavic languages , german , french ) , but it brought back old words and names and invented new or more suitable terms for new phenomena . 
  as with inventing `` villany '' ( from `` villan '' - `` to flash '' ) to replace `` delej '' ( a word roughly meaning magic/charm ) for electricity , or inventing `` rovar '' , shortened from `` rov\u00e1tkolt barom '' ( roughly `` notched animal '' ) for insects . 
  the reform , or rather `` language renewal '' as we call it was led by influential poets and writers with the aid of literary magazines and works . 
   but hey , continue to bomb the desert while selling arms to the middle east . 
  well dictators kept the area stable , but some westerners have issues of human rights there ... 
  so let me guess , they do n't actually have any problems with people who do n't believe in sharia . 
  they execute gays because executing gays shows power . 
  yeah , so all this sharia jazz and quranic bullshit is just a fancy pretense to be stylish and to make the west hate more muslims , i presume ? 
  we european care bears are better than these ~ ~ evil ~ ~ poor , misguided ~ ~ terrorists ~ ~ reactionary youths !, 
  what you say is that literally every terrorist who references the quran just uses it to be stylish , and it does n't make it a religious connection . 
  not even wanting to introduce 7th century sharia and brutally executing everyone who remotely opposes your ideas . 
  you imply that the whole of isis/al-qaeda/etcetera militants are just disillusioned reactionary people who are mad at the world for not being just enough to them ( read : not giving them as much monies as they wish for in their life ) , and what they do is just having a fit of deadly rage . 
  maybe colonies should n't have given the same citizenship rights as the territory that ruled them . 
  also , a government can revoke citizenship if their colonies become independent . 
  so , in other words , to avoid the molenbeek muslims , for example , to commit bombings as second-generation immigrants , we just need to give them a luxury life to make them happy . 
  sounds nice . 
  as an agnostic hungarian in atheist hungary , i 'm afraid i have to agree with you . 
  islamic terrorism is partly the product of islam itself . 
  therefore , islam * can * be problematic . 
  there are no radical christians blowing themselves up for god . 
  this is n't responsing emotionally , it is based on a chain of plain facts . 
  not all muslims are `` evil '' , but they have the ability to be because of islam itself and how it can be interpreted . 
   that abortion should n't be legal and gays have no rights and we should beat them . 
  well , to be fair , that 's far ( right ) from burning people alive and beheading them on video , which festers in the middle east and which `` average '' muslims might not even condemn . 
  the far right has it 's neonazi share , but it 's not like everyone on the `` far right '' want to beat women/gays/blacks / disableds/whatever disadvantaged minority group . 
  yep , the usual mantra is that we could lower the risk of islamic terrorism by actually just being all sweet and nice to everyone else , especially muslims . 
  hey , we might even give them harem girls for free , ours are `` indecent '' anyway , judged on their clothing standards , right ? 
   vulnerable humans what is being implied by `` border control '' is still just `` letting in everyone , just not choking on them '' usually . 
  because kind people do n't want to turn around anyone , because , hey , even if there is no war in their country , they should be evaluated and treated well until they sort them out . 
   they export hundreds to thousands of terrorists who are , by large , magically either immigrant muslims , or descendants of immigrant muslims , whether they practice the religion or not . 
  maybe we should stop sticking to the human rights mantra religiously when dealing with irregular migration and illegal migration , check people from outside of europe ( especially those from war zones and unstable countries ) , and stop pretending that doing this will lower our moral stance to the level of islamic terrorists or hitler . 
  except isis and their admirers never really cared about political goals . 
  religious fanaticism and the belief in sharia is n't a political agenda . 
  what 's the political point of executing innocent people by beheading them or burning them alive ? 
  having border controls at the eu borders is * racism * , they say . 
   we will likely have to face the unpleasant fact that islam is , after all , fundamentally incompatible with our society , and that means dealing with it somehow . 
  and then comes the open-minded liberalist , and says that we are islamophobic , or even better , * racist * . 
  well , the parents of those second-gen citizens were invited here afterall . 
  if we just spend years of social research on what are the `` societal '' causes of islamic terrorism and blow money on muslims to make them feel happier , we will see many many more gruesome attacks in the following decades . 
  all it takes to win the war on terror is apparently to keep smiling , say `` we will overcome hardships as europeans '' and hug each other and potential terrorists as fellow humans being . 
  and next week , another bombing will take place in europe . 
  rinse and repeat cycle . 
   i would think the number of dead civilians in the middle east from european actions entitles them to change your culture more . 
  what kind of aberrant thinking is that ? 
  should n't we just offer our countries to poor middle easterners because , well , history ? 
  they deserve to be fairly compensated for the injustice !, 
  as long as there is a chance of islamic radicalisation ( which , surprise , requires muslims or people with muslim ancestors ) , completely safe integration of muslims wo n't happen and we risk more of innocent europeans ( who have literally nothing to do with the clusterfuck which is the middle east ) being blown up randomly . 
   oh language reform , how you produce hilarious results . 
  hey , it worked well for hungarian , many common words we use now are relatively recent inventions which were considered fancy/eccentric/wtf by the time of their invention . 
  how come this practice is legal from a food safety viewpoint ? 
  not that it is risky , but technically a supermarket with foods is a place where food have to ( at least ought to ) comply with food safety regulations . 
  just asking for some fresh yeast from the bakery section is like asking them to hand over some collected crumbs from under the final prducts because why not . 
  i feel that food having lower sales taxes is a sensible choice , as food is something that people do actually need in daily life . 
  ... but the poor guy was shot in the leg by those brutal officers after all . 
  how to understand consent being given in europe 101 . ^ heforshe, 
   nor magyar at it 's core . 
  who the fuck with a sane mind argues for that ? 
   but i suppose morals would dictate we should be above such retaliations with a mindset of `` they did it first ! '', 
  well , that 's what human rights activists argue , apparently . 
  i mean , at least in theory . 
  yep , that was the right way to say it , the internet assumes you are american by default . 
  well , the english-speaking part , sometimes i wish i could learn chinese or russian by the snap of a finger , would open up whole new regions of the net . 
  ah well ... and then our media , well , the more cosmopolitan ones basically only pour out the culture of the united states . 
  that is a bit unsettling to me . 
  the majority of hungary is as far from the latest internet memes or celebrity news as vietnam . 
  in a way i envy americans , but i would n't change my hungarian status for that ever . 
  besides being the top dog has its own problems ... as for the european union , it is indeed helps to feel some sense of unity , although i tend to stress that i believe in a europe of friendly nations , not a european federation , when discussions stray deeper . 
  actually , being surrounded by ethnically and linguistically distant people , for hungarians , the fall of the iron curtain , and then eu and schengen membership really felt like the world opening up . 
  the 90s and early 2000s was a weird mix of hope and anxiety by looking at the west . 
  ( though i myself was little around the fall of the curtain . ),
