  9 ) get greeted by happy germans . 
  the fact that it did n't happened so far does n't mean it wo n't happen . 
  yea , from the interviews i have seen , they do n't really know about the countries in europe , they just have this `` germani , germani , we want to go germani !, 
  ... or swiden ! '', 
  mantra . 
  they do n't want to think about , like , not fucking up the economy of a country which is , for some reason , taking in hundred thousand foreign people in dire need of humanitarian and social aid . 
  taking them in like an utter whore . 
  edit : typos, 
  this is true , but unfortunately , for many people , these things mean nothing . 
  history , culture , values , religion ( i 'm not religious ) , they are relative , and vastly different people from far away should be all welcomed and given free stuff because , well , their country of origin sucks hairy balls right now ... 
   a temporary place to live , food , clothes etc. 
  i wonder if these `` refugees '' who want to permanently settle in germany agree with that `` temporary '' part ... 
  sure , just tell everybody you are persecuted . 
  nobody will give a fuck about any sort of paperwork !, 
  such a bad comparison . 
  the great majority of hungarians did n't flee hungary because they had no reason to flee . 
  because they were n't part of a revolution . 
  stuff like that . 
  contrary to popular belief , communism in hungary was n't hell like in north korea . 
  it was bad , yea , but it was n't enough of a reason in itself to lend legitimacy to anyone fleeing who was n't a part of the revolution . 
  and by the way , we hungarians did n't tried so hard to try to get into one or two specific countries while sneaking through a dozen others and evading authorities ... 
  frankly , i ca n't imagine these people would be okay with staying in , say , macedonia or slovakia , when almost all of them aim for germany , sweden , the uk or france . 
  we might transfer them or deport them , but i doubt they wo n't try to reach their preferred country at least a second time ... 
  the problem is in their heads , they do n't see any other country as a viable way to start a new life . 
  quite picky attitude , if you ask me ... we are talking about people who supposedly run from life-threatening dangers , yet they only want to settle in a very specific , advanced country ... 
  why ... why do people keep calling them refugees ? 
  they are n't refugees , as that 's a status given after a successful refugee request ... 
  they are refugee seekers at most , but some of them are actually economic migrants who want the supposedly good life in germany . 
  it was weird seeing how some people actually greet and cheer people who in general `` cheated '' their way through half of europe without complying with any eu or local law ... edit : typos, 
   and many will return once syria is fixed . 
  keyword * once * . 
  shit , we really have to close down all incoming an outgoing railway traffic in hungary and regroup military ... 
  1 ) well yeah , it 's not our problem if you guys will accept millions of these people in the coming years . 
  sometimes it 's good to be a poor country !, 
  2 ) horrific refugee camp ? 
  sorry , we ca n't and do n't want to host them in hilton budapest . 
  it 's not like we are north korea either . 
  hungarian police wo n't do shit to them besides jailing them for one-two days maybe . 
  ask what the macedonian and serbian police/border guards did to them . 
  they beated , looted and teargassed them randomly , but we hungarians are so horrible here with our fingerprinting and basic medical checks , yeah ... 3 ) if they do n't want to get processed by hungarian authorities , do n't even try to lodge an asylum request , and if they rather sleep around in our parks and streets than in our dedicated camps , then why would we give them all our best possible help with a honest smile ? 
  they do n't want to cooperate in getting help or being lawful . 
  hell , there were riots here where police had to use tear gas ( lawfully ! ), 
  because these people fight with * each other * . 
  they throw stones on the groups which are leaving the camps because they are this jelly of each other . 
  eu-wide asylum laws does n't state that you have to request asylum * only * in germany/sweden/uk or that you have to be given asylum . 
  your first contact decides on your asylum request . 
  each country has a right to decide independently on who to accept and on what basis . 
  the acceptance rate of asylum requests made in hungary is not relevant when talking about what these supposed refugees should or should n't do illegally while they wander around half of europe . 
  they are n't in * grave danger * once they left the syrian border , so everything else they complain about is not relevant to their asylum status . 
  we should n't accept random foreign people just because they are starving and their feet hurts , they decided themselves to go the long way up until reaching their one choosen country . 
  they could have stayed in a safe , but less wealthy country along the way , but they did n't . 
  edit : clarification, 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  no matter what we do ( without bringing politics into this ) , someone will bitch about it . 
  either the eu , austria , serbia , human rights activists or the migrants themselves ... 
  it 's not like we shit money and could provide all of the `` refugees '' a germany-level life here . 
  but seeing the numbers , i 'm starting to doubt that even germany could provide them with that in 2016 ... 
  well good luck convincing the whole population of the eu to agree with your point of view mate . 
  then all 28 member states can agree on a supposedly fair solution . 
   newly arriving refugees must be processed immediately at their first eu country by an eu-wide agency migrants ( not refugees until declared so ) avoid hungarian authorities and those who are in temporary camps now riot because they want to board a train to germany . 
  they even stormed the eastern railway station in budapest , no wonder austria stopped that one train able to part because of security reasons . 
  ( = it was dangerously packed full . ), 
  they do n't want to deal with migration policy , they want the holy land of germany . 
  i doubt that using an eu-wide agency here would change their minds . 
  edit : typos, 
  so you think the only way for a nation to handle the migration question is to think in extremities ? 
  like germany should either ban and deport all syrians or actively take them in so they make sure all syrians planning to go to germany ends up in germany ? 
  that 's a strange idea . 
  http://www.hyza.sk/ and not a single announcement . 
  ... but life sentences are inhumaaaaane !, 
  amnesty international would cry themselves to sleep !, 
  to be honest , i 've never heard any news about this many people smuggled in a truck , so i believe such accidents did n't really happened before even if there were news of human traffickers in the eu and in europe in general . 
  i do n't think you can be as scared to run mindlessly all up to germany or sweden ... 
  well i do n't like the idea of a sweden or france where muslim is the main religion and people live according to some interpretation of sharia . 
  luckily my country is waaay far from such a shift . 
  we keep what we are . 
  of course you feel bad for people you know personally , but we should think about this crisis in a systematic way . 
  if refuge camps are inhumane , make humane refuge camps !, 
  refuge status should be a temporar shelter given to people , not a new life in a wealthy country of their choice . 
  we do n't keep them in any situation . 
  we do n't tell them where to go and how to go , if they die on a boat , or in a truck , it 's unfortunate , but it 's not our fault . 
  we do n't force them to board a highly unsafe vehicle , it 's their own choice . 
  if someone flees a war , the next country across the border should be technically safe in most cases . 
  nobody told these people to actually head to germany or the uk by any and all means . 
  tell that after millions of middle easterners settle in your country and the job market and pension system starts to deteriorate . 
  the social insurance system too , if your country has universal healthcare . 
  1 ) new homes ? 
  refugees should be temporary , they should settle back in their native country once the war is over . 
  2 ) by your logic , we should make the wealthiest nations ( us , uk , australia , ireland , france , germany , sweden , norway ) accept any and all refugess because naturally , refugess will choose the wealthiest countries as their destination to take `` refuge '' . 
  cue millions of foreigners in places where there were never so many foreigners . 
  one of those rare times when it 's good to live in a country which is n't as wealthy !, 
  at least refuges do n't think they should all come here . 
  refugee status should be a temporary status , not a `` let 's give him a free house and money so he can live his life in peace from now on here '' thing . 
  i see no bullshit in differentiating the two mindsets of `` i want to save my life from immediate danger , help me '' and `` i want to earn more money for my work , help me '' . 
  the former are refugees , and they already saved their lives in the first safe country they arrived in . 
  they do n't need to head for the world 's most wealthiest countries to avoid certain death anymore , if they do , they are the latter group , who are economic migrants simply wanting better material things and more food etcetera . 
  if refugees think the hungarian refugee system is so shitty , then tell them to please do n't use the serbian border and preferably do n't even enter into hungary . 
  because if they do , we are criticized both when we process them according to local and eu laws and when we do n't process them . 
  if these people are so picky about their choosen method to avoid `` certain death '' , then they should try to look for another route . 
  of course , we all know they all want to go to germany because why not , so they best option would be to organize charter flights from syria to germany , and let them have their own fun with millions of foreigners all wanting to live a `` better life '' in deutschland while leaving our overburdened immigration system alone .
