  2 ) how do you trace refugees ( or people claiming to be one ) if they deny being registered/photographed/etc . 
  until they get into their desired country ? 
  so , in most part , the 800.000 + new people currently on eu soil are undocumented . 
  quote from the same source : `` none caused injuries or fatalities . '' well , why should we focus only on terrorist attacks with an actual list of deadly casualties , right ? 
  the fact that muslims kill muslims in the name of islam does n't negate the fact that said muslims will also kill anybody else in the blast radius , for example . 
  and nobody can deny that over 800.000 + people came into europe without almost any kind of checks made on who they are . 
  while a majority of them are not terrorists , a number of them very well could be . 
  besides , if you look at france and the uk , the muslim presence will bear a larger risk of islamic terrorism when the current immigrant population shifts into the second and third generation . 
  well indeed , more muslims in europe is in no way related to a higher chance of lethal terrorist attacks . 
  only low human scum can believe that . 
  after all , if we have to diferentiate between human beings , the only ones worthy of despise are those who do n't want their country 's culture and society to change . 
  for example , the despicable , xenophobic japanese , am i right ? 
  good !, 
  bulgaria is free to join the v4 now !, 
  helsinki committe in bulgaria !, 
  good to see there are helsinki committes in other countries too , namecalling left and right when you speak your mind . 
  ratios , my brother , ratios matter . 
  i feel bad for finland . 
  well at least we , fascist hungary , do our fucking job in schengen . 
  do n't be a racist , bro . 
  poland finally came to her senses after a new government and a terror attack in the eu . 
  premise 1 : the majority of serious terrorist attacks in europe are made by people with motives or affiliations related to islamist fundamentalism . 
  premise 2 : islamic fundamentalism , by nature , stems from an interpretation of islam , by people who consider themselves as muslim . 
  premise 3 : the majority of irregular migrants entering europe are people who consider themselves muslim . 
  premise 4 : the societal standards of europe view morals and religion as a personal choice as far as they do n't infringe on the right of others . 
  premise 5 : the societal standards of islamic societies view morals and religion as an obligation to a higher authority , of which defiance should bear negative consequences . 
  if you try to connect the dots , you are automatically called a xenophobe racist neonazi who hates all muslims . 
  meanwhile europe does n't really mind trying to mix the two approach , saying that such a thing would work as multiculturalism . 
  even if that means living with a higher chance of terrorist attacks . 
  you ca n't force socialism on those who do n't agree with it , so it 's either implemented on a state-by-state basis ( which you can leave as a citizen ) , or it 's not implemented at all . 
  schengen is one of the greatest things the eu achieved and it has huge symbolic and practical significance . 
  end it and people wo n't really see the advantages and joys of being in the eu that much . 
  the hungarian government ( yes , orb\u00e1n ) declared sunday to be a national day of mourning in solidarity with french people . 
  i just hope this proves that human rights are n't universal . 
  i know some people honestly believe that if the french raid forces manage to capture an attacker , they have to treat him humanely , with dignity and whatnot . 
  i do n't deny the holocaust or deny that hitler and most of the nsdap and the ss were psychologically derailed on various levels , but i ca n't see why we , as a modern civilisation , have to bother elderly people for things like holocaust denying or actually being part of the ss . 
  without any moralizing , does it help anyone have justice to bother prosecuting and jailing people who already have an impaired life and might die soon ? 
  what justice is served more if these people die in a prison as a prisoner for either saying something or for being a member of a murderous group decades ago ? 
  you might have to realize this , but a free-to-do-anything , love-everyone , we-are-all-brothers-and-sisters , hippie one-world-state would n't ever work , so yeah , a way to live is not necessarily the way you imagine it . 
  i would rather live in a prosperous state with a few `` human rights '' of mine limited than in a state trying to focus only on protecting every and all person 's every and all single human rights . 
  you would n't be able to tell a blond joke , a dead baby joke or a joke about policemen because some group 's rights is at stake . 
  so yeah , japan is kind of nice even if they did human experiments and war rape . 
  it 's the past , so what 's the catch ? 
  try teling me that japan in general is a militaristic , misogynistic , xenophobic shithole where it 's hard to live . 
  would be a surreal statement . 
  i kinda want all migrants to go to germany though now ... 
  they said it would be okay and wilkommenskultur , so eat shit now and let others live in their choosen way . 
   i do n't know whether entering a country without that country 's permission is a crime - if i were in charge , it definitely would be - or whether even the syrians could be regarded as refugees when moving from croatia to slovenia to austria hooman rights groups said that making it illegal to cross our border fence is against international laws . 
  they also said that a refugee is still a refugee even if he crosses whole war-less europe on foot , disobeying laws and avoiding authorities . 
  fuck this shit , these people , mostly illegal , economic migrants just fly under the radar and they know europe wo n't kick them back because hooman rights ... 
  the funny thing is that germany and austria all want us to `` register '' them and to `` control the flow '' because they are * overwhelmed * , yet they still do n't consider blocking their borders . 
  talk about irony . 
  `` these are desperate refugees fleeing war-torn countries in search of a safe place , they should be treated with respect and dignity . 
  we should provide them food , medicine and shelter and give them a chance to live a decent life in their country of choice . '', 
  more and more signs appear that more and more of them do n't give a single shit about what we expect of them or what we would imagine in an ideal situation . 
  these people committed a goddamn arson , for fuck 's sake . 
  that 's a criminal act in every civilised country and every european country . 
  and why ? 
  because they ca n't wait in a camp for 24 hours straight , because germany , the promised land calls . 
  to hell with benevolent assumptions , looks like water cannons are n't that unethical to keep around , they could serve a dual purpose ... 
  they welcome `` refugees '' , but they do n't welcome them so much to allow them in 10k + a day . 
  of course all the other countries are expected to keep the flow in control with the pretext of `` registration '' . 
  if their destination was n't the far end of europe , they could have pulled it off almost as easily as the men . 
  the mediterranean route was n't the only viable route even back in spring . 
  of course , you need men to force your way through authorities and border controls while disregarding applicable eu and local laws regarding immigration and asylum . 
  you are pathetic in your attempt to bring up `` species '' , `` trianon '' and bullshit like that to frame my opinion in a bad light . 
  i write it only once , pay close attention : i am * not * extreme right wing , i am * not * neo-nazi , i am * not * revisionist , i am * not * antisemitic , i am * not * racist , i am * not * militaristic , i am * not * xenophobic , and i would * not * ever support what the nsdap or hitler did to innocent people . 
  understood this or you lack the relevant english skill ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about trianon or the ah empire , it 's the past , as ww1 and ww2 . 
  the reality is the * majority * , i repeat , the * majority * of gipsies ( an ethnicity more properly called roma ) do n't want to either integrate nor assimilate into the mainstream society of their host country . 
  or do you say it is the fault of every single host country in europe that gipsies ca n't live lives like the majority population ? 
  when i say ethnicity , i dont mean only the physical looks , but the * whole package * , includng the general culture and mentality of an ethnicity . 
  i do n't care if a person in particular is gipsy or not , has gipsy ancestry or not . 
  but it is a social reality that the majority of gipsies in ee and ce live in a way , with a mentality that makes them a separate culture than the majority culture . 
  it is * not * because they are ethnically gipsy and the host society * hates * every single one of them . 
  hell , even canada refused to allow gipsies to live there , because they avoided work and expected welfare . 
  as for ethnically construed prosperous nations , cue japan , i bet you despise them because they are still sort of unkeen to treat foreign ethnicities as themselves . 
  yet , they are the most technologically advanced nation and one of the most economically developed states in the world . 
  so much for a country 's apparent doom if they do n't feel communion with every single person on earth ( or within their national borders ) . 
   and 400 years of shared history . 
  yeah i think it 's wrong . 
  a lot of gypsies have assimilated over the course of several centuries . 
  yes , some of the gipy population assimilated , they are known great musicians and alike . 
  but unfortunately the large majority of them wo n't assimilate or integrate no matter what we do . 
  we are called `` g\u00e1dzs\u00f3 '' , outsider . 
  most gipsies have no intention to `` be like '' non-gipsy hungarians . 
  ( this applies not just to hungary , but all the other countries with a large gipsy minority . 
  nowhere they are a success story , it ca n't be the fault of the hosts every single time , can be ? ), 
   and are you telling me there 's no hate ? 
  you were talking about native ees . 
  gypsies have been in europe for 400-500 years . 
  you 'd think people would assume they 're native . 
  you misrepresent what i wrote . 
  i only wrote that `` not feeling communion '' with gipsies does * not * automatically imply * hating * them , therefore `` not feeling communion '' with gipsies * can not * be wrong * in itself * . 
  if you do n't hate them , it ca n't be wrong . 
  yes there have been gipsies in europe since centuries , but look around , most of them do n't really want to accept the host society they live in . 
   and no atrocities ? 
  so they were targeted during ww2 by chance right ? 
  except i have n't wrote that * there are no atrocities against gipsy * . 
  i wrote that `` not feeling communion '' with them does * not * imply atrocities * in itself * .
