  i love how you think you are all high and mighty , hanging on the * latest * news just so you can fuck me . 
  sorry that i am not so keen on the exact whereabouts on each of the refugees in hungary . 
  if anything changed in govt , police or m\u00c1v policy , it is only because whiners and `` human right supporters '' like you whining enough , not because those policies were morally wrong in the first place . 
  by the way , how much do * you * help all these poor , desperate people you care this much about ? 
  oh and you still believe in lawlessness if it comes to `` refugees '' , good for you . 
  i do n't want to live on this continent anymore . 
  and so if you think refugee laws are bad , now should we just let these people go around and do whatever they wish ? 
  and even help them with food and medicine while they 're at it ? 
  hell , they do n't have any papers , and they do n't want to do anything with any authority !, 
  i thought the first thing they need to know about this continent is that we have a complex legal system ... 
  even if it comes to migration and refugees . 
  so you are telling me we should just leave alone this people and let them do whatever they feel like to . 
  including not complying with any internation , eu or local law . 
  sounds like european civilization . 
  so if you come from a war zone you want help , but do n't need to cooperate with those who could help you to get what you want ... ahha . 
  why , do you think hungarian police greeted them with tear gas and racial slurs the moment they tried to pass through the border ? 
  institutions themselves are made up of individual humans , not empathy-dispensing automatons . 
  may i ask where they wrote that m\u00c1v or anybody else * told * them something deceitful about the train ? 
  for your information , the train could as well go all the way to sopron as the sign says . 
  without them . 
  i tell you what happened : 1 ) they boarded a train on their own volition because they assumed it will go straight to sopron . 
  ( it would have gone , if they have n't board it . ), 
  2 ) police saw this and asked m\u00c1v to stop them at bicske . 
  3 ) they are asked to follow law . 
  law . 
  you know , law . 
  try telling me this is `` kidnapping '' or inhumane `` trickery '' . 
  i am a bad person if i do n't cry if i see a dead body ? 
  it is unfortunate and sad ? 
  yes it is . 
  can i do something for those people on those boats myself ? 
  i ca n't magically lift them out from their boats and put them into a good life in germany just because i feel sad about them . 
  if i would feel bad for all the shit this world has done to humans i could become either depressed or insane . 
   kidnap oh my god . 
  these people are allowed to go against any and all international , eu , and local laws just because they are `` refugees '' , and you accuse the hungarian govt of * kidnapping * ? 
  check out the legal code on what is kidnapping in hungarian law . 
  operating a train , letting * willing * people to board it , and stopping it at a station asking them to register their identity is * not * kidnapping in any jurisdiction of the world . 
  try again with this supposedly humanitarian reasoning . 
  1 ) they do n't had to camp anywhere , they are waiting for trains that wo n't take them anywhere near germany . 
  google for `` tranzitz\u00f3na '' , they are allowed to shower and take care of hygienic needs near the main railway stations . 
  these zones were set up by the municipal govt , not civilians . 
  3 ) nobody * promised * them the train will take them into austria , they * assumed * it because it had the sopron sign on it , because it came from there . 
  4 ) it 's hard to control this many people storming a train to board it if they run like madmen . 
  really , i ca n't imagine what is it to not being treated as shit for you ? 
  being hosted in hotels and given warm meal three times a day ? 
  by the govt ? 
  police all greeting you in arabic ? 
  gently telling you that you are free to act outside eu and local laws ? 
  transporting you on buses from the serbian border to the austrian border ? 
  because humanitarian reasons ? 
  sorry but we are n't sweden to give them a five-star refugee experience , because we are n't a wealthy country . 
  i like how you guys all act like we are north korea . 
   every news report shedding light on the horrifying way refugees are treated in hungary at the moment oh my holy god , hungarian treatment of refugees is so * north korea * . 
  it is absolute horror that we ca n't house each of them in hotels and we want them to fucking register as eu laws require and as merkel herself told us !, 
  what 's the point of showing around a photo of one single refugee kid 's corpse when we all know they die every week on the mediterranean ? 
  because it 's supposed to tug on heartstrings !, 
   they were told back in budapest that the train is going to sopron a sign on the locomotive = / = someone telling them anything . 
  because you are n't law abiding then . 
   admirable restraint on the part of the police there ( they are police i think ? 
  i could be completely wrong ) . 
  we have to keep restraint . 
  we are already called fascist by some liberal papers , imagine if police would use force . 
  we have to leave this people alone even if they break actual hungarian laws and rules , for example by walking on a highway en masse or climbing on a locomotive at the railway terminal . 
  by the way they are the * k\u00e9szenl\u00e9ti rend\u0151rs\u00e9g * ( `` standby police '' ) , an auxiliary branch of hungarian police which usually handles riots and civil disobedience as riot police . 
  luckily in this case there was no need for a proper riot gear , but we have them at the eastern railway terminal too , and those have riot gear on just in case . 
  do you believe in law and keeping up them ? 
   heavily-armoured police they are n't even proper riot police , for fuck 's sake !, 
  they had batons , and probably a pistol . 
  is that so scary ? 
  they do n't react to kind words . 
  they do n't react to tear gas . 
  how the fuck we can get them to actually cooperate with the authorities then , huh ? 
  black magic ? 
   no food !, 
  no water !, 
  because they throw it on the train tracks yeah . 
   ( which germany is n't enforcing right now ) on their part . 
  we still have to abide by it sadly . 
  but we ca n't , because these migrants wo n't cooperate . 
  ironically , the hungary -- romania football match wo n't help either tonight ... 
  some ultras already attacked migrants at the eastern railway terminal , riot police is out there in full gear in large numbers . 
  so we should just help every and all people looking like a refugee with all we can , becase that 's a humane thing , and we should n't care if they are rude , they break laws , tey do n't have document , and they think of our countries as shit , because , well they are emotionally distressed and they just want the best for their family . 
  basically , their interests  our interests , no exceptions , because they are fleeing a shithole , not us . 
  name me just one european country where you can get a house/apartment for free just because apparently you are entitled to one . 
  you ca n't . 
  and that 's not a problem . 
  i 'm not begging for a good life to be given . 
  i 'm not asking them to put their life on hold , i 'd wish they would n't be so aggressive and demanding about a `` good life '' in one or two specific countries . 
  i doubt i would only want to settle in germany or sweden in a case of a war in hungary , but you might know me better than i myself . 
  try harder with sarcasm next time , was n't funny enough . 
  oh and if you refer to minorities , it was pretty much geopolitical rape by the french et al. 
  at trianon . 
  do you think people , collectively , do n't have a breaking point where they get enough of ungratefulness in reaction to selfless help ? 
  oh , the syrian war has been going since years ? 
  you do n't say ? 
  and how does imply these people only left recently from turkish camps ? 
  people end up in turkish camps only if they do n't have enough money and/or determination to go further , nobody is keeping them there by force . 
   they move to london to wash dishes . 
  what do you think that says about hungary ? 
  it says they do n't respect themselves enough , because hey take a more shitty job just so they can get some more money .
