  if they are n't refugees anymore , they are just like any other eu citizen wanting to work in germany . 
  like a third of the eu . 
  will they have a chance on the job market ? 
  i highly doubt . 
  cue riots . 
  yet we are told many of them are highly skilled or educated people ... 
  if they are , why they are shitting on crowded buses which carry them towards their promised land ? 
  no kidding here , they did that ... 
  yeah apparently you can be so desperate and torn that you shit on the buses which transport you into your dream country . 
  mhm . 
  because we beat up more `` refugees '' than bulgarian or macedonian authorities a few weeks ago ... * oh wait ... *, 
  thing is , no matter what `` dictator '' `` xenophobic '' orb\u00e1n decides , some eu country or some human rights organization * will * complain . 
   germany will re-distribute those people around europe after their application has been accepted anyways . 
  no they wo n't . 
  germany might try , but the refugees wo n't be okay with being sent to countries like romania or bulgaria . 
  ( or hungary or slovakia for that matter . ), 
  ^ exactly what 's happening right now in most of western europe . 
  at least what they advocate . 
  and you guys are n't called fascist for that ? 
  we just try to operate open camps for willing registrants and we are the new third reich of europe . 
  maybe not all the poor refugees are from war-torn syria ?!, 
  how can this be ?!, 
  let us redistribute them across europe anyway !, 
   europe is a free and open society and of course this makes us vulnerable . 
  yeah , i wonder why do n't we just invite all the people of the globe to come settle here for free ? 
  i mean there 's so many people we could help with our wealth held in our grubby hands . 
   on a list the european courts will investigate for inhumane treating of refugees no shit , since apparently the only humane treatment is to greet these migrants , let them break any law , feed them , house them in at least youth hostel style housing , all while they feel entitled about going to germany asap . 
  everything else means we are fascists . 
  they riot ? 
  we should n't use tear gas !, 
  they start to walk on our main highway at night ? 
  we should n't stop them !, 
  we do n't know what the fuck to do , because germany tells us to uphold schengen and dublin , but they criticize us for how we uphold them . 
  well we do n't know how to and try to figure it out and we are called fascist . 
   what we all could do is define `` minimum requirements '' of asylum ( europeanwide ) i do n't think you can come up with a european-wide minimum requirement standard for asylum requests in a union with germany and sweden on one side , and romania and bulgaria on the other . 
  interesting , i thought if you are in need , at least you try to look grateful by not throwing away food ; food which is consumable and halal enough for people who are apparently in dire need of humanitarian need . 
  does n't matter ; fascist hungary 's fault . 
  these `` refugee seekers '' sure know a lot about our eu laws when it comes to refugees . 
  but not when it comes to schengen . 
  which aparently gives you a free ticket to one of the wealthiest countries of the world , also while making you exempt from any international , eu-wide and local law . 
   but in general , i do n't see why a lack of money or economic chances should be an inferior motive when compared to refuge are you serious ? 
  you think that any poor person can be considered a valid refugee in the eu ? 
  should we just accept any and all poor people ? 
  half of africa and asia ? 
   plus , i find it blatantly racist to criticize people from poor countries for trying to improve their economic situations . 
  if you criticize poor people for abusing europe that 's not racism . 
  racism is based on race ( ethnicity ) , not wealth , and nobody talks about ethnicity here . 
   nobody bats an eye if young europeans travel or move to whatever country to work , improve their curriculum vitae or just try new things . 
  maybe because those young europeans are from an eu member state and eu member states agreed on the freedom of movement and workforce ? 
  this does n't mean we should let literally anybody to roam freely in into europe . 
  and hungary . 
  oh gosh , karma is a bitch . 
  total chaos and hysteria with riot police and military involvement ... 
  looks like trying to keep up laws is now a racist thing if the lawbreakers are wandering , desperate `` refugees '' ... 
  i have n't checked ... how many outlets call us fascist or neo-nazi already ? 
  a sane person !, 
  unfortunately you risk being demonized ... 
  ahaha , they really give their best and love doing * nasty * shit indeed !, 
   which was what that train to sopron was supposed to do . 
  they days before hungary had no problem with letting people pass through unregistered , then that changed without proper information given to the people waiting . 
  it had the sopron sign because it came from there . 
  it did n't intended to transport them to sopron , it intended to transport people in general to sopron . 
  then they stormed it and after that police decided they should try asking them to register at bicske . 
  it was n't a nasty trap . 
  we were asked by merkel to keep up dublin rules and so we started to enforce the registration thing ... keeping up the eu law . 
  and it 's hard to inform 3000 + people who barely speak english and are spread out in and around the railway station ... 
  anyway , they are now ( finally !! ), 
  free to board trains which go to the hegyeshalom border crossing , so the point is moot now . 
   that is contrary to what most media reported . 
  not our fault that western media likes to describe us as a fascist country just because we are n't warmheartedly welcoming 3000 migrants a day , disobeying our laws and avoiding our authorities . 
   i said their money was good enough to pay for a train ticket to sopron which is not where they arrived . 
  hungarian state railways clerks sold tickets as they always do , they did n't knew the police will order the train to stop at bicske . 
  it 's not a conspiracy . 
   you 're right so let 's not try at all . 
  let 's make them feel as uncomfortable as possible . 
  if they would chill the fuck down for a bit ... 
  yet they are in a rioting mood . 
  you know it 's hard to try to control them if they storm a train , and yes , we could try , but it 's a question of `` do we risk a policeman or a refugee in that stampede '' . 
  i think risking a refugee is more rational than risking a policeman . 
   being treated like a normal human being , not some unwanted piece of cattle . 
  really , this is so easy to accuse of , but you or anybody else ca n't really define what it means ? 
  nobody can set what level of hospitality we have to provide to not be called nazi ( or fascist as you do ) . 
  also , are you suggesting i 'm a fascist follower of orb\u00e1n ? 
  that would be a lovely ad hominem there . 
  fyi , orb\u00e1n is far from the fascist italy or the nazi germany of the 1940s . 
  i do n't have the slightest bit of empathy ? 
  oh i do feel sorry for you !, 
  do i care about my family ? 
  yes . 
  do i care about my friends ? 
  yes . 
  do i care about my girlfriend ? 
  yes . 
  do i care about my neighbor ? 
  yes . 
  do i care about every human being on planet earth ? 
  i better not or i become torn emotionally since i ca n't help more than a few of them . 
  if i have resources to spare , i 'd rather spend them first on people who actually mean something to me on a personal level . 
  yeah , good luck painting me as a heartless monster . 
  i bet you are out there giving food every day to homeless people , how good for your soul .
