   because his incompetent leadership has practically destroyed major sectors like healthcare . 
  not like healthcare was nice and shiny before , and i did n't see much improvement by the social democrats . 
  but it 's the easy and demagogic way to declare hungarian healthcare and education `` dysfunctional '' or `` dying '' because of a mere 4-6 years of + totaly incompetent , despotic '' orb\u00e1n and `` his cronies '' . 
  hashtag corporateinterestsmatter, 
   xenophobic and undemocratic i guess being immigrant-friendly and democratic means copying the united states in everything . 
  like their notion of nationhood being the acceptance of everything and anyone . 
  ask the east asian immigrants of budapest if they are harrassed as much as minorities in any other `` modern '' country . 
  yet better , in any muslim-majority country . 
   he 's an autocratic little hitler who 's turned hungary into his dominion . 
  i thought we are all grown people here and comparing politicians to hitler was out of fashion for our intellectual levels . 
  what 's next , hungary has a personality cult of orb\u00e1n , and it 's becoming the dprk of the eu ? 
  ( what about belarus , if orb\u00e1n is supposedly a fascist , psychopathic , megalomaniac dictator ? ), 
  shhh , it is n't possible that he was democratically elected in a democratic country , he is such a dictator . 
   calling this fascism is cheap just like it would be cheap allowing the situation to come to a boiling point . 
  nah , in the past year or so we were called and compared to everything , so it 's kind of unfazing now for many of us . 
  meanwhile , in saudi arabia , gays are killed daily by religious people . 
  in other parts of the worlds , border control actually makes sense , but not if it 's hungary . 
   poor , fascist shithole your education really paid-off if you imagine hungary as some kind of cuba or north korea of the eu . 
  nobody bitches about countries not accepting hungarians , and just saying , we have accepted east asians and other immigrants provided they can behave and respect their host country instead of aping for germoney and a luxurious afterwar refugee life . 
  hey there are plans ready about reinforcing the current border fence with a second , more massive line , and also the plans are ready for a romanian fence if the need arises . 
  i remember something about stuff like `` we are able to deploy the construction squads in a day '' or something . 
  because federal europe would be a human paradise . 
  going by that logic , why is n't organ donation mandatory anyway ? 
  we all die , everybody should be okay with their body being dissected , dead meat does n't have rights , and we value living meat , so case closed . 
  even if dead bodies are just slowly decaying organic matter , our societies still afford respect to them , for example , improperly handling a corpse is a criminal offense in multiple countries . 
  now that 's what i call a working democracy , bravo !, 
  if the constitution would explicitly state that `` marriage between homosexuals is forbidden '' then you might argue it is banned by the constitution . 
  as it stands , the constitution is pretty much offering a sort of dictionary definition with a traditional christian taste , seeing marriage as a primarily religious institution , instead of a civil institution . 
  and what , do you think that since the constitution is worded so , gay marriage wo n't ever be a reality without changing the constitution ? 
  if another government gets into power , they might simply enact laws that de facto legalize any kind of marriage while leaving the dictdef constitution alone . 
  since the text does not explicitly ban anything ( just trying to define ) , they could argue that it would not even present a constitutional issue . 
  besides , who would care if it would clash with the constitution in this case , right ? 
  tl ; dr constitutional legal reality and actual legal reality can differ in practice even if theoretically that should n't happen . 
  also , if you really argue that this constitution `` banned '' gay marriage ; that implies it was not banned before , i.e. 
  homosexual people were able to officially marry . 
  i do n't think many hungarians think that hungarians are superior . 
  but why does not agreeing with german migration policy has to imply that ? 
  not helping enough ( reasons were given aplenty ) automatically means feeling superior ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  so one can not be proud in things that are random in nature . 
  does this include landscapes ? 
  or what about the body of supermodels ? 
  even more so , the current `` western '' thinking , especially from feminists and rights activists , is that you can and should be proud of being a woman , being a woman born with a certain look , being homosexual , being promiscuous , being black , being affected by a congenital disease , and so on . 
  modern thought advocates people to be proud of being born as x , not for achievements !, 
  that 's why i do n't see the moral contempt of nationalism , which i define as being proud for a nation and it 's achievements and caring about it 's fate . 
  a lot of things are imposed on you without you agreeing to them , including you being born , your name , your mother language , and laws . 
  or do you do n't believe even in the social contract ? 
  let 's do intermarium for reals . 
  even estonia and bulgaria can join , i do n't mind . 
  i hate you and your pun will be my last thought . 
  but you are n't lithuanian . 
  indicative flag !, 
  again this `` people are stupid sheep , that 's why our precious eu is being derailed from the federalization track '' shit by eurofederalists ? 
  those who support democracy and stuff , whereas people vote for politicians to represent them and their views ? 
  how progressive to paint the thoughts of european millions as `` primitive '' . 
  what 's next , denying human rights of them and ridicule them because those who have primitive thoughts do n't deserve dignity ? 
  ironic . 
  during the migrant crisis shitstorm , i 've read many sentiments along the lines of `` if you care about your nation-state ( i.e. 
  country ) more than other countries , you are de facto a racist , xenophobic , irrational nationalist with no moral values and humanity '' . 
  or just a nazi , simply . 
  defining marriage in constitution as between a man and woman = / = banning gay marriage . 
  it 's not like homosexuals ca n't enjoy all the same legal benefits , it is just called a registered partnership . 
  also of note , you realize that our constitution was recently rewritten , and that the previous one was n't particularly pro about the issue either , generally because it did n't talked about marriage at all . 
  dude do n't be the next hitler , he was an evil racist you know . 
  except not really . 
  i guess you most likely think of poland and hungary . 
  poland has a sizable east asian minority and they also host many ukrainian refugees . 
  hungary not just hosted refugees from the balkan wars , but actually has a notable east asian minority in budapest . 
  damn , and i thought i was alone with my mixture of views , sometimes agreeing with even radical right wingers and sometimes with idealist , communism-minded leftists . 
  sometimes i feel like i might be technically a naive `` national socialist '' , but i do n't have a problem with any ethnicity or `` race '' per se and would never blame any one of them for national woes . 
  still got attacked by both camps of the political spectrum anyway . 
  without any kind of nationalism , there would be no point in individual countries : in borders , passports , languages , flags , customs , international travel for leisure . 
  because everyone would simply mingle with everyone everywhere without any concern whatsoever . 
  i do n't think a global cultural blob is better then a bunch of local cultural blobs with discernible divisions . 
  interestingly people can be proud about being randomly born into a minority , a certain skin color , a certain sexual orientation , a certain disabled body , and still be considered as rational and intellectual . 
  yet , anyone who feels even a little proud of the place they grew up ( nation states ) is seen as irrational and stupid ? 
  interesting that in the former case , personal feelings are considered sacrosanct , but the feelings of national sentiments are exempt from the sanctity of feelings and are apparently up to shaming and ridicule . 
  why do you care about groups of people thinking along having theoretical geopolitical borders between them ? 
  it 's not like borders themselves cause war ; as civil wars can attest . 
  because ... errr , the eu is not a nation . 
  europe is a continent , the eu is a continental union , not a federal state ( luckily ) . 
  what should people be nationalistic about in a continental union ? 
  being european ? 
  by that reasoning , we all should be nationalistic for being a citizen of earth , having a shared evolution and history as homo sapiens , so to speak . 
  ( yuck , world citizenship , hardcore communist ideas . ), 
  i do n't see how a common cultural foundation ( eg . 
  language , customs , history ) is a stupider foundation for nationalism than a belief in `` we are the best nation , we are the best system , and we are special for mankind 's fate '' which is basically americanism at its core . 
  if you do n't agree with anything that americans think as american , then you are not a valid , moral human being . 
  trade . 
  yeah so nice to buy `` quality '' chinese goods dumped here by global companies and not being able to compete in the eu with our goods because western european countries did n't have communism to get their industry nice and shiny . 
  between 100 % north korean isolationism and 100 % us barrier free trade ideals there is a middle ground , nationalist parties just want more separation of markets , not all separation of markets . 
  yet people fear that pis and fidesz are building europe 's worst authoritarian , right-wing , xenophobic dictatorships ever . 
  not to argue against you or support the ideology behind brexit , but eurofederalism is a thing that many in the eu political sphere advocate . 
  considering that , a certain sense of `` ensuring independence '' from the eu can be derived from the brexit mentality . 
  a sane attitude on immigration . 
  the same would apply to hungary , demographic deficit should be countered by eastern europeans and south-east asian , who already have a small minority here ( mostly chinese and vietnamese ) . 
  no cultural integration nightmare , no blatant racism issues . 
  because hooman rights trump established norms and common sense . 
  if more scandinavians would think clearly like you instead of just wanting to help any poor person ... 
  i 'm hungarian and fuck this shit , this was the last drop , i 'm ending this life .
