  i 'm not pro-communist , far from it , but one thing has to be made clear when it comes to the size and powers of the govt . 
  contrary to the american belief , communism was never about state control . 
  state control was needed because not all people wanted communism in the first place . 
  in theory , communism is a noble idea ; everyone helps everyone . 
  in reality , it went so wrong because 1 ) not everyone want to help everyone else , and 2 ) people are power-hungry . 
  so yeah , the govt gaining powers or regulating things does n't make it automatically communist/socialist . 
  ( as far as i read about te relevant theories , socialism was intended as the first stage of communism , to exist along the evil capitalist countries . ), 
  and you really like ad hominems . 
  sorry if i 'm not following what the uk does at the eurotunnel week by week , we have way more pressing matters way closer . 
  good . 
  these people basically turned one our main railway terminal to a stressful `` refugee '' camp . 
  the fact that both hungarian and international trains are seriously delayed or cancelled en masse might impact more than a few people . 
  i hope nobody gets fired from their job because of this . 
  and i also hope the blockage of th\u00f6k\u00f6ly road was a unique event . 
  this escalates week by week . 
  do n't tell me the closure of one of our three main railway terminals , the closure of the main road nearby ( handling east-west budapest traffic ) and all the foreigners without any papers hanging around the nearby streets , squares and parks are n't serious enough . 
  these folks serious looked like the would storm the railway terminal yesterday . 
  based on the fact that our temporary camps seen a few riots so far , we had to use tear gas once to disperse * infightning * between them . 
  i heard the native population of china and india are booming without the need to actively encouraging immigration , especially not immigration of people of highly different cultural backgrounds . 
  i do n't give a shit about skin color or religion on an individual level , but i do n't believe in actively supporting immigration from the middle east . 
  declining population is bad , especially for pensions ( if we put aside the existential issues ) , but i do n't think a country should boost itself in a way that it makes it have its original population decrease and the immigrant population increase . 
  besides , this would mean a rise in problematic religious relationships , islam is hard to integrate in places which were \u00fcber-christian for 1000 + years . 
  also you see the migrant population boom itself as a solution . 
  it is a solution for keeping up the pension system in the mid-term , but why do they have more children ? 
  because culture and because society . 
  if there migrants do integrate successfully , they will fail to boom after the second or third generations , and we will face decline anyway . 
  it 's not like the original people in the eu ca n't make children , they do n't see the point in having five . 
  so we should let them roam around in europe without zero paperwork , zero documents , zero checks , zero hindrance ? 
  just so they can go to one or two * certain * countries ? 
  also , not all these people are legitimate refugees , each person should be treated separately . 
  just because a majority of them is possibly a refugee does n't mean we should treat all of these people as `` poor helpless '' refugees . 
  a number of them are africans and middle easterners fleeing poverty , which is not a valid reason to get refugee status under international law . 
  and especially not a valid reason to roam around europe and be picky about how we deal with them . 
  it 's not a vacation into the eu . 
  i did n't said they are bad people . 
  it 's just a sad thing that for many people , they actively bash their own land of origin as a shithole . 
  i guess i and them hold a different views on what is a `` homeland '' . 
  it 's understandable if you move to a more advanced country , but imagine if everyone would do that ; whole countries would fail horribly in the long term , as there would be not enough people to keep the economy/healthcare/pension system working . 
  or the alternative way : several countries would be full of ethnicities who were n't there a few generations ago . 
  i thought they hate to accept crowded trains departing from a certain budapest railway terminus because it 's not safe for travel ... 
   why are the refugees special because certain eu politicians and human rights organizations play misery olympics , and since the syrians are really miserable , they are probably winning at it , so we should prioritize them . 
  i do n't think that the only way to reverse the falling population trend in europe is to let in millions of people of highly different cultures . 
   systematically robbed of everything they still have enough money to buy international train tickets to germany from budapest , i wonder . 
  also , if you are waving samsung galaxies and iphones around , i would n't consider you penniless . 
  yeah , like , we do n't have a right to our own fucking country you say ? 
  we should give out free houses to 800.000 + people just because they were unlucky to be born into an unlucky region ? 
  by that reasoning , europe should house half of the developing world !, 
  idealism on such scale wo n't work , and not because of `` racists '' . 
  who said you have a right to ask for a free pass in a wealthy european country just because you happen to be born into a possible war zone ? 
  nobody fucking said these people are worse , but countries here try to deal with an entirely new situation , and these people almost act like we should all host them in at least four-star hotels or else we are called nazi !, 
   people fleeing war in syria are not doing so because they want to live in the utopia of europe yeeet they are so damn picky about the country they want to request an asylum in ... 
  i wonder why then . 
   an immigrant stays permanently , a refugee just until its possible to return home i doubt that all the people who claim they are syrian refugees want only to temporarily stay in germany , their ultimate destination ... edit : used the wrong word instead of temporarily, 
  to be honest , i found it sad that at least 25 % of eastern europe ( and central europe ) wants to live in western and northern europe . 
  i get that people want a nice cozy life , but it makes me sad that we do n't really care about our homelands enough to stay there , and rather abandon them as sinking ships . 
   german and austrian people are helping them , as are swedes and other nationalities of western european people . 
  yeah we are eeevil * eastern europeans * here mate . 
  and aaall of western europe helps them so much better . 
  like for example austria , they do border checks and they make them unboard from trains which are so full at the border . 
  yeah we must be like north korea . 
  edit : typo, 
  good luck proving that ... 
  because you are actually living in budapest so you can assess the situation , yeah ? 
   and hunt migrants with dogs on one side that 's interesting mate , i never hear of such a plan not even from far-right jobbik here . 
  nobody wants to hurt any migrants here . 
  ( not providing them with hotel-style care = / = hurting . ), 
   if we are going to take them in the eu/schengen , then we should determine the host country they . 
  do n't . 
  care . 
  they want germany or sweden , they wo n't want to stay in another country assigned to them . 
   i want refugees identified at arrival ( fingerprints , photo , name ... ) and for there to be incentives and potential punishments for not following a well defined due process they do n't even want to give their fingerprints here , they riot ... more effort would provoke so much hate from `` human rights '' activists . 
  oh holy shit ... our southern border fence will really need an upgrade next year . 
  why should the govt spend million hufs of actual public money on ungrateful people whose only purpose on hungary is to sneak through it while preferably avoiding the authorities ? 
  even if they lodge an asylum request , it 's just a cheat so they ca n't get arrested , and they are out of the country when those request would be examined . 
  uh , all of these people get water and food in a lot of places ... 
  orb\u00e1n do n't want any riots . 
  stop bullshitting about hungarian politics . 
   like the majority of his constituents he is openly homophobic , xenophobic and misogynistic . 
  because as we all know , if you hate orb\u00e1n , you can just pull out such statistics from your ass and play make-believe with these `` facts '' . 
  i wonder what would you call kim jong-un if orb\u00e1n is such evil according to you , my liberally minded friend . 
  migrants here rioted . 
  tear gas was used in one of our temp camp . 
  they fucking * fight each other * . 
  though luck . 
  besides you do n't know if all migrants spent the rest of their money on those train tickets . 
  hell , they managed to pay smugglers a shitload more until they managed to get into hungary ... 3 . 
  no nothing ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  the budapest municipal govt made three `` transit zones '' next to our three main railway terminals . 
  municipal companies built temporary infrastructure , with water taps , showers , regularly cleaned mobile toilets , trash cans , floor disinfections provided for them for free . 
  our transit company gave two articulated buses to circulate between these three zones . 
  volunteers help with food , clothes , medicine , soap , shampoo , toys and translation help . 
  there is basic medical oversight and police guards them so they are safe . 
  their shelter is the fucking underpass we budapesters use daily . 
  what else we should provide for free out of humanitarian concern ? 
  caviar and bubble bath ? 
  they are n't grateful for what hungarians provide them . 
  they want more ? 
  well sorry , we ca n't and do n't want to . 
  they are refugees , not freeloaders , they should behave and cooperate with actual eu and local asylum and immigration laws .
