  that 's at least 9 countries , 10 after we closed our border with croatia . 
  and i 'm pretty sure i counted right . 
  there are some areas and streets in budapest where police wo n't go except when they really need to , but then they dispatch multiple patrol cars , maybe even going joint with the anti-terror squad ( tek ) and their black btr-80 apc . 
  generally in the infamous 8th district , where many roma live . 
  it must be so he can issue statements about tractors when they appear on the streets of brussels for some reason . 
  speaking of which , gib us moar points next year suomi , ok ? 
  it 's less of a victim mentality and more about being tired of being called backwater countries with little european values . 
  you might remember how world media and western european politicians called hungary , slovakia , the czech republic , poland xenophobic , racist , islamophobic , fascist , neonazi just because how we reacted to a truly unprecedented mass migration event . 
  cherry-picked and highly publicized scenes were called analogous to third reich acts . 
  ( food being thrown to the crowd and people mistaking a train towards austria in hungary 's case , and people getting numbers written on their hands in the czech republic 's case . ), 
  a number of central/eastern/southern european nations were denigrated just because we could n't financially and logistically provide swedish-level aid for 100.000 + people marching through our borders . 
  apparently the only ethical way would have been to transport every single person to cozy hotel rooms and provide them with restaurant-styled meal and free everything before they decide to go further . 
  if they decide , free and cozy transport would have to be provided . 
  yes , all the flak was absolutely justified , western europe is the upper echelon of ethics , justice and sense and it is infallible . 
  welcome to the club of dogpiled countries . 
  hungary greets you !, 
  legal citizenship is irrelevant , people in general act alongside ethnic/religious/cultural identity , not a legal fiction . 
  so ... the best kind of social support is to blow loads and loads of unchecked money on poor people . 
  because actually being responsible for public money spent is a bad idea when it comes to maintaining a welfare state . 
  indeed , but it is highly unlikely that any person will commit terrorism in the name of islam or in the name of jihad if they are n't considering themselves muslims in the first place . 
  in most of europe , those are usually 20th century immigrants or descendants of immigrants , so the risk is higher with the muslim population than with the non-muslim population . 
  quite the contrary lately , everything negative about migrants is getting hidden or deleted now . 
   i 'm very concerned about the state of freedom of speech in europe these days . 
  this is one issue where the us are ahead of us . 
  with the freedom of speech even for inciting hatred and violence , hitler would be quite popular in these days too . 
  there is actually a book about this written by a german guy , which shows that nobody would take a reappering hitler 's anti-semitic rant seriously because free speech , and would even give him publicity because he 's funny . 
  in fact , he would gain supporters and fans . 
  it 's hyperbole but there is no such thing as limitless free speech in a workable society . 
  except it was n't ukrainians shooting down the plane . 
  do n't learn everything from rt. 
  no , nato do n't want to take over the russian interests and do n't want to provoke a war with russia . 
  and no , poroshenko is n't a fascist western-backed puppet . 
  just look at sweden or france for the boogeymen which is n't here * yet * . 
  not that anyone on the hungarian `` left '' has any sensible political program besides calling orb\u00e1n a dictator and digging up literally every govt spending . 
  i find it un uneasy idea that people and their society should tolerate and help ( welfare , integration programs etc. ), 
  x minority in their country when x minority 's majority is shown to agree with , say , terrorism or belief systems which restrict personal freedoms for women . 
  would you find it normal to invite and feed a homeless person in your house when you know he hates you and he would be happy if you would die in an accident instead of griefing ? 
  people should n't help those who think lowly of them . 
   can not think of any spanish or french tv shows from the top of my head . 
  also none from eastern europe . 
  any recommendations for high quality tv shows from those areas ? 
  apart from the fact that we here in the former socialist bloc still ca n't really muster up enough talent and cash to produce quality shows , i 'm afraid that it 's hard to find any foreign subtitles to them . 
  i would recommend the hungarian cybercrime show hacktion , but i 'm not sure if it 's more than a so-so for someone who watched a lot of us/anglophone shows . 
  i plan on occupied ( okkupert ) and now deutschland 83 too . 
  if the question asks what i have watched and really liked in the past , there is real humans ( \u00c4kta m\u00e4nniskor ? ), 
  from sweden , that was really cool and eerily beautiful visually . 
  and i guess nobody is brave enough to mention this from hungary , but as a teen , i liked to watch komiss\u00e4r rex from austria , and sometimes i randomly watch an episode of alarm f\u00fcr cobra 11 from germany . 
  you got ta crash at least one car per episode !, 
  but i 'm a bit sad that nobody really experienced hungarian stuff here ... ; _ ; edit : sorry for any incorrectly spelled names . 
   let 's just say he as far from the `` humane '' way of handling things as he can be . 
  got ta love how all the eurofederalist leftists talk about orb\u00e1n and hungary under him as the kim jong-un and the north korea of europe . 
  he is as far from humane as possible probably because he 's better than the previous leftist pm , who ordered riot police to brutally beat and shot people back in 2006 . 
  you seem to think that orb\u00e1n ( and probably hungary , in general ) is racist . 
  well , this is n't true . 
  budapest itself has around 25k + chinese migrants as a minority , and nobody gives a flying fuck about them . 
  there are no clashes with them , there are no violence . 
  the problem is never the skin color , as in `` brown people '' . 
  the problem is people who do n't adapt to hungarian society and values we have here . 
   i do n't see isis invading european countries . 
  yet . 
  they 'd love to , though . 
  as for russia , yes , putin is megalomaniac , but not a nutjob . 
  he wo n't try taking over european countries which are in nato . 
  damn if everyone should think like this . 
  hungary is bashed all around the world for not being keen about immigrants , but entering another country should be a priviledge , not a right . 
  and then we are told to actually blow huge amounts of our money on people who decide to come here ... ? 
   integration is about what people do , not what they think . 
  as far as i 'm aware , people are allowed to think whatever they want in a free society . 
  yeah , so , theoretically speaking , as long as a migrant population works just like anybody and does n't commit more crime than the average , they are fine thinking about anything in regards to the host society , right ? 
  no matter if , say , 75 % of minority x thinks that the majority are dirty idiots who are not to be mourned when massacred by terrorists of minority x 's faith . 
  yeah , sounds like the building blocks of a prosperous society built on shared values and multiculturalism . 
   plain answer : more funding . 
  so the plain answer is to use money to integrate incoming migrants when that money could be used for better purposes in society ? 
  refugees are one thing , but i doubt any country has the duty to blow money on foreigners on their territory in the hopes of them not growing into antisocial criminals or fundamentalist terrorists . 
   massage parlors here in hungary we have around 25k chinese and some vietnamese people ( country population 10 mil ) since the 90s , but i still never heard of asian `` massage parlors '' . 
   the only real way to integrate people is to settle them evenly among the local population . 
  good luck coming up with a `` quota '' of evenly distributing migrants whose culture is quite different . 
  besides , this would lead to cases where migrants get better housing for free than citizens for hard-earned money . 
   but rather some eurosceptics who sabotage every attempt at working together at an european level . 
  in contrast of some eurofederalists who would love to see a borderless , far and wide area of grey politico-cultural goo of mixed homogenity spread over the territory of the former eu28 . 
  in short , the only thing that can stop terrorism is if everyone will act like the carebears with everyone else . 
  and then let 's hope that terrorists like carebears . 
  they wo n't ever dominate humankind , but saying they have no influence and they are weak , after all the attrocities they done and all the grief and pain they caused , is ... somehow dishonest . 
  i know that we should n't fall for engineered scariness , but if they actually do scary things , people are naturally and rightfully scared . 
  a large scale military intervention obviously wo n't eradicate the mentality which spawned isis , to the contrary , but something forceful has to be done , the sooner the better . 
  doing as if they ca n't and did n't effect us , and simply ridiculing them wo n't make them disappear , it just lets them do their harm more and more , sadly . 
  instead of being cynical and mocking the `` native european '' fear of the uncontrolled migration , you could just agree that more than 800.000 + undocumented person got into europe in this year . 
  not that it matters much , but hungarian state broadcaster said that too . 
  joke on you , these people did n't even want to tell a name or allow a photo to be taken . 
  we tried , and they just got incredibly pissed that we tried to uphold schengen laws instead of giving them food and letting them go as soon as we can . 
  so yeah , most of them are walking around europe with zero paperwork done . 
  i know the world is much more complex that some fences and walls can solve terrorism , but if any wall has any chance of helping against terrorism , i 'd support it . 
  honestly , i might even prefer a socialist authoriter state with safety over a capitalist liberal democratic state with uncertainty . 
  and no , i 'm in no way a socialist or communist , i just prefer safety . 
  i wo n't doubt that terrorist attacks can be construed as part of a higher level motive , or that they are a form of `` terrorist pr '' , but i believe that most terrorist attacks are planned with the simple , direct intent of causing destruction and by effect , grief . 
  as in , many of isil members do n't really care about any grand scheme revolving around domination or establishing a prosperous caliphate , they just believe that non-believer dogs should be killed in the name of allah . 
  1 ) freedom of movement applies inside schengen , for eu residents . 
  for this reason , schengen outer borders are secured . 
  well , they should have be secured , but nobody fucking does that besides hungary ... 
  if everybody would secure and control the outer borders , terrorists would have a way harder time getting in from outside .
