  of course these hungarians will vote no , i know them . '' ), 
  it 's not like there are no people in hungary who would vote for yes , either because 1 ) they support european integration and/or plans to help the refugees and thus they support refugee quotas/settlement irregardless of what the governing party of hungary thinks , or 2 ) they want to defy said governing party . 
  `` knowing '' the results of a yet-to-be-held referendum based on government rhetoric , a number of limited polls , or foreign media portrayals of a country in relation to an international crisis is n't really reasonable . 
  might sound intuitive for people , but still , the referendum even has to pass a 50 % attendance rate to be deemed valid , a non-valid referendum would supposedly mean a win for the pro-eu , pro-refugee `` yes '' people and parties , increasing their political weight . 
   it is n't legally binding anyway . 
  neither the greek financial referendum of 2015 or the brexit referendum , but they had serious political impacts nonetheless . 
  the question of our willingness to `` pay towards others '' is a theoretical question since our material conditions , our standards of living are still decades behind , say , the nordic countries or even of germany . 
  we can contemplate about our moral duties and greater roles in the eu when we will reach a state where we wo n't ogle and ape `` the west '' and wo n't find it the easier way to just live a life abroad . 
  yes , there are prejudices and shit in ee , but everyone in the west seems to forget the different historical paths and patterns we endured vs them . 
  i feel like framing the refugee question and the whole idea of european integration as a fundamental issue of `` europeanness '' is n't the right way for thinking about a peaceful and prosperous europe . 
  if we will reach the economic state of germany , i will happily support being a net contributor . 
  but i disagree what policies and political outlooks could lead to said state . 
  definitely not accepting middle eastern migrants who will then walk out of the country , saying that it 's `` poor '' . 
   most ee nations seemingly have zero intentions of ever becoming net contributors and are not receiving and using the development funds in the good faith western nations assume they/we are . 
  i did n't know that eu membership was about doing the dirty work in exchange of money , which was never said to be anything else than help to bring us closer to we living standards . 
  let 's not mix up morals and material things , shall we ? 
  germany needs ee when they have to deal with a million people suddenly raiding them . 
  why ? 
  because they accepted them without a second though , because morals . 
  now they ca n't handle it and expect ee to lend a hand not just because germany apparently is the defining authority on morals , but also because structural funds are supposedly payments for some kind of job to do for them ? 
  i 'm disappointed that you think so lowly of ee in general . 
  as if we are corrupt , immoral leeches because we do n't agree with obviously useless resettlement plans . 
  did anybody asked the ones to be resettled ? 
  i 'm sure they would thrilled to be resettled to ee , irregardless of how `` open '' their societies are . 
  shit , most of them never even heard of us , how would they know anything about our societies ? 
  the only reason they would leave would be the economic situation . 
  which ca n't be changed overnight , so there is no point in forcing eu-wide quotas , therefore , no point in cutting structural funding just because of the refusal of quotas . 
  comments here makes me think `` are there any trustworthy politician ? '', 
  really , we value democracy over almost anything , but at the same time , manage to abuse it for selfish reasons all the time . 
  hey , we have to live with terrorism , so whatever , go on . 
  ( except it 's only true for certain countries , as it seems . ), 
  honestly , nobody comes up with measures to actually lower the risk of terrorism instead of attacking the ideas set forth by others . 
  meanwhile , we only have to talk about `` terrorism issues '' in ~ 5 countries of europe . 
  for some reasons . 
  which begs the question , the news media manipulates us , or just caters to us with all the negative news ? 
  ... okay , wrong subreddit . 
  wow , breaking news . 
  aside from sarcasm , i wish the eu would n't act as if we are in a higher position when negotiating refugee stuff . 
  we both know that the `` we made the me a shithole '' argument pops up a lot , the only caveat is that people require the whole of europe to `` share solidarity '' for the faulty foreign policy of the us and a few western european countries . 
  why not call out nepal and paraguay too then ? 
  they should share the solidarity based on the fact we are all homo sapiens who agreed to the ichr and stuff , right ? 
  why only european countries are bothered with the problems of the me when it was n't the doing of all the said european countries ? 
  in any way you argue that taking in more refugees/people who claim to be refugees = less terror attacks . 
  which is scary . 
  so , just another week in europe . 
  right ? 
  cite statistics and say `` my condolences '' ( condolences are irrational btw ) , and point out that the number of deaths here is statistically insignificant . 
  blame it on either mental illness or the racism in germany . 
  pure rationality there . 
  interesting , so now all murders are terrorist attacks ? 
  and there is no such thing as religious terrorism ? 
  except all those eastern europeans go to work and do n't expect to be given housing , food , medical care , language lessons , legal advice etc. 
  for free and then some sweet money just because they exist . 
  also , you probably know that the schengen zone was meant for eu citizens to move around , not for citizens of foreign shitty countries to move around . 
  i do n't think poland has much to do in fucking up iraq , if anything , the us was the key fucker there . 
  so there is nothing wrong with disregarding the laws of a number of countries just so you can claim asylum in one specific ( wealthy ) country ? 
  while still expecting to be treated as a vip in every ( less wealthy ) country you disregard the laws of ? 
  shhh , you racist xenophobe . 
  respecting core human values mean unconditionally helping everyone even if they despise and hate you and even if you risk the safety and well-being of those who are important to you . 
  salafism is a muslim religious branch , not a brand name for nutjobs who happen to fancy the quran as a cool thing to point at . 
  abdeslam and breivik are n't the same category of evil . 
  pope probably does n't seen much pornography . 
  probably he was just frustrated because germany failed to provide for his basic human needs as an asylum seeker from a non-war zone ( i.e. 
  surely . 
  `` this is just europeans ' fault for meddling in the middle east and for not accepting multiculturalism and living along in harmony . '', 
  so let me make this clear ... 
  according to you , the eu should let even more migrants in from poor countries ( not just war zones ) , and give them things they perceive they are entitled to , so we can experience less terror attacks ? 
  and we should not require these people to change their way of thinking in any way ? 
  certainly a good , idealist way to end our way of life and bring us closer to the middle east and africa in the name of equality . 
  let 's pretend that isis or terrorism comitted by muslims in the eu has nothing to do with religion at all . 
  it is all only because the white people here are too awful and they do n't want to give a free house and months worth of money to everyone who happens to come from a country at war or a poor country . 
  and the reverse is also true . 
  there are these things called national interests as long as a country 's people associate with each other based on culture and ethnicity . 
  nothing inherently evil about that . 
  although some will argue with this for sure . 
  well , what you expected , reddit ? 
   1.7 mil hungarians . 
  right - well , out of those , the majority are szekely - not actual hungary-born hungarians . 
  furthermore , a lot of them were austro-hungarian . 
  what ... ? 
  sz\u00e9kelys are as valid hungarians as hungarian-born hungarians . 
  yes , their nationality is romanian , but ethnically and culturally they are hungarians . 
  only a few really retarded far righter hungarians call them romanians in any sense . 
  i have nothing against romanians , but it 's terrible that sz\u00e9kely majority towns ca n't have the sz\u00e9kely flags on display officially ... 
  but ... 
  but the sea access at fiume ... :( the reason we do n't have a navy . 
  maybe , you know , there is such a thing as national pride , and since most sopron residents were ethnic hungarians , they went with staying hungarian . 
  no need to shit on sopron just because someone posted a trianon map . 
  and thermal water . 
  so , this means ... we can make some kind of bottled medical water to export ? 
  just wait when we will capitalize on our water sources !, 
  you make me feel uneasy bro . 
  over a million people got their share of `` solidarity '' , what else you would wish for ? 
  countries providing more to random foreigners than to their own homeless and poor ? 
  is this another clever map to say that there is nothing unusual or unnatural about the recent terror attacks since 2015 ? 
  would be lovely to see a chart with deaths/perpetrators + motivations . 
  in none of the eu treaties was it stated that for `` getting '' money you need to do this or that in exchange . 
  if europe is so dear to everyone , then they should realize that the ussr shat over one half of it for a good half century . 
  if the population is `` outright hostile '' , why even try then ? 
  ask the finns or swedes , why their refugees complained about `` dog food '' or legitimate housing being far from shops or some shit .
