  by the way , if you ever feel like your irish life lacks hungarian music , check holdviola . 
  maybe not as pretty-sounding as irish , but almost . 
  ** nice boats . 
  ** besides ... 
  the only naval ship hungary has ever built , the tegetthoff-class warship sms szent istv\u00e1n , being 152 meters long and built by ganz danubius : http://www.hajoregiszter.hu/eszkozok/keptolto.php?ezt=7742&amp;ts=145704871012 built in 1915 for the ah navy as the only hungarian warship , but was sunken by italy in 1918 , r.i.p. 
  yeah , why not invite everyone who is poor ? 
  just so europe will be `` diverse '' with the added poor people . 
  but ... why the high hull numbers for a two-ship fleet ? 
  is that considered to be a * navy * ship by any chance ? 
  i think it 's more about the open nature and the bragging which is coupled with this mentality . 
  this whole `` be an enterpreneur and be a success '' thing spoken with a loudspeaker , so to speak . 
  no wonder many look at the us and bash their own countries for `` not being like the us '' . 
  it 's like not being the best makes you the worst . 
  well anyway , not essay time , maybe another day !, 
   so i guess you 're going to make a. . . maybe hungary does n't care about spreading its thoughts around the globe that much . 
  way more richer countries do n't cae either , i never seen a german blockbuster in my life . 
  all the shit about comcast and at&t i read on the internet and i ca n't imagine how people can bear them . 
  i mean under eu legislature , they would get their ass served to them on a silver platter by being monopolistic and uncompetitive ... 
  the eu fined microsoft and forced them to remove ie from windows as a default bundled browser , so ... 
   apparently you think the us is n't either , which is good to hear . 
  because the us is n't in the top in many respects , that 's a fact . 
  this does n't mean that i believe hungary must be top . 
  what i argue is that ( a large percentage of ) americans are bragging too much and of course that makes rest of the world a bit annoyed . 
  i mean , the fact that hollywood movies play everywhere is n't really some holy feat , it could be achieved by other countries if they would blow that much money on their entertainment industry . 
  ( japan , for example , has the most successful and globally influential animation industry , because they care to spend so much cash on it . ), 
  that was the most apt way to state how things are . 
  # 1 : = america, 
   no hungarian television aw , thank you for that one . 
  i always felt like this every time i chatted on the internet , be it youtube , omegle , whatever site i was posting on , whatever app i used , that people from the world rarely know a shit about my country , and even more rarely care about it . 
  sometimes i got kinda sad thinking about the fact that aside from the cca . 
  15 million hungarians , nobody really cares about the stuff that is natural for me ; the language , the music , the movies , the humor , the culture we have here . 
  i 'm accustomed to english being the lingua franca of the internet , and i pretty much assume everyone online is from the more populous countries by default . 
  it 's fun to realize that someone is from hungary or from nearby poland for example . 
  but sometimes i feel many content and many sites are geared towards people who not just speak english , but who are living in anglophone countries . 
  i really hate ranting , and i do n't want to rant here , but sometimes it feels sad that we have this huge global network where we can talk to each other and discuss things , but a lot of us ca n't have a discussion of our favorite movies , music , whatever , because they are local and noone really cares about them ... we always just see that famous us movie , that famous uk song , that famous swedish book ... 
  i check out r/hungarian , r/hungary and r/budapest from time to time and i 'm on hinative for exactly this reason , i can help foreigners learn about hungary , whatever they are curious about . 
  it 's sad , but we still have some kind of mental iron curtain and many people still have only very vague and stereotypical ideas about life in the former eastern bloc ...  i used to think it was just all poor and underdeveloped until i met someone from estonia . 
  and actually budapest now has a fully automatic metro/subway system by alstom , which is still kind of a rare thing in europe !, 
  ( at least outside of western europe . ), 
  by the way , i like ireland , so nice to have someone irish acknowledge this cultural neglection phenomenon . 
   they are not savages like us when it comes to eating . 
  kolbas with kolbas , with a sidedish of bacon , like here ? 
   there 's a culture in america of always wanting and needing to be the best . 
  sports , military , freedom , politics , whatever . 
  honestly , that 's the main source of the global anti-american ire in a nutshell , imho . 
  well , you could still ferry them to northern ireland and tell them that dublin a little down south has generous asylum policies ... 
  sorry , irelanders ... 
  strong wording intensifies . 
  if we mean `` american '' as every people who ever lived/lives on the american continent , then yes . 
  if mythical names ... eus h\u00e9tsz\u00fcny\u0171 kapany\u00e1nyimony\u00f3k or at least eus fany\u0171v\u0151 ... accented letters plz . 
  i think police shooting unarmed black men/youths when they dare to move their finger a bit could count as racism ... not like every policeman is racist , but to deny that europe is way more racist ... and who said anything about hungary being anything top ? 
  what i said is even we think that those who say hungary is the no . 
  1 are nationalistic idiots , most of them nwo believers . 
  majority of hungarians ( including myself ) does n't think hungary is influential or really great . 
  in comparison to many americans , hungarians ( central and eastern europeans in general ) do n't generally care about our position on world leaderboards and hungarians do n't care how much influence they have on world culture . 
  better be humble than braggish . 
  besides who cares being a top dog if it leads to being a prime target for all kinds of shit , including terrorism ? 
  the us was lucky it had a clean ( native americans disagree ) start on a huge territory . 
  that 's all . 
  ( note : i do n't question the internet speeds of romania , i updated that comment . ), 
  bah , time does n't matter , industrial design is timeless !, 
  not our earliest homemade , but this is considered the ugliest hungarian tram : http://img.index.hu/imgfrm/4/0/4/8/big_0007584048.jpg the bkv hungaroplan prototype , made up from bus and commie car parts in the 80s . 
  even its nickname means `` little ugly '' . 
  yeah , and racism is dead in the states too . 
  like , really dead . 
  it 's enough to say that all the biggest human rights organizations are us-based and they criticize anything except their home country . 
  not all , but too many americans ca n't accept that the world do n't have to agree with them to be the good guys ; like when hungary gets called a sick country or a country of pedophiles when some americans learn that the age of consent is 14 in hungary , i 've seen that . 
  my experiences and personal impressions are not a scientific survey of course , but you ca n't deny that many americans take pride in being the no . 
  1 in general , even if it is n't the case . 
  meanwhile the only hungarians who say hungary is the no . 
  1 are mindless nationalists , most probably neo-nazis . 
  my belief is that patriotism often translates into ignorance and unwarranted pride in the states . 
  of course not all americans think like that . 
  buuut ... trianon was really the birth of slovakia . 
  well , czechoslovakia , for the record . 
  slovakia can keep the lands , but pls treat hungarian minorities nicely m8s . 
  well good for us in europe , we can compare dicks among ourselves on the same continent , and we do n't have to involve other continents if we want to compare ourselves to another country . 
  it 's not the destination , it 's the journey what matters . 
  besides the notion that the united states has a serious ( and unwarranted ) case of the no . 
  1 mentality is n't false . 
  just think about american exceptionalism and the manifest destiny . 
  not trying to be anti-american here , but read this :  historian william e. weeks has noted that three key themes were usually touched upon by advocates of manifest destiny :  * the virtue of the american people and their institutions ;  * the mission to spread these institutions , thereby redeeming and remaking the world in the image of the united states ;  * the destiny under god to do this work . 
  it 's where it matters , currently on the border with serbia , and on a little part of the croatian border . 
  govt ponders about building it on part of the romanian border inb4 migrants in the balkans change their minds . 
  the awkward moment when i start to envy romania ... 
  ... which is driving me nuts . 
  some sites even ask it every single time i visit , wtf . 
  well , at least think of the map skills !, 
  what slovakia is n't butthurt about ? 
   it 's every romanian city with a population of more than 10.000 that has faster internet speeds than most of the us . 
  . . and most of canada , australia ... according to r/europe at least . 
  same with other central and eastern countries . 
  it 's amazing how advanced we got , being post-communist and whatnot . 
  although let me say one bad thing about romania . 
  you guys have some of the most hideous-looking trams ever produced by mankind ... 
  i thought that was said for hungarians ... glad it 's not true . 
   `` the hungarians were nazis '' yes , he did n't said that exactly , but he said that the train incident reminded him of certain dark times of europe , implying the nazi deportation of jews in cattle wagons . 
  it 's a roundabout way to say that what we did looked like a nazi thing to him . 
  that 's almost as undiplomatic as calling us straight out nazis . 
  i 'm not saying that the govt did anything in the best way , or that the police was top-notch , but the fact we could n't handle such an unprecedented event in the best ways does n't deserved the amount of criticism and shaming we got in international media , trying to paint us as some kind of un-european police state with racists and xenophobes everywhere .
