  international media ( with many journalists being leftist and being pro-migrant for some reason ) sure painted hungary as a pseudo fascist police state . 
  meanwhile what we hungarians saw was that many `` refugees '' , who were so protected by the international media , just wanted to march through our country , despising it as a `` poor '' country ( they did n't complained about the lack of muslim community or the racism , they complained about hungary and other nearby countries being too `` poor '' for them , after syria !, 
  ) , and often tried to avoid the authorities . 
  we were asked by austria and germany to actually register all these people so they can know who they are later on and they could know where they entered the eu ( which they entered in greece anyway ... ) , all this according to dublin and schengen rules . 
  hungarian police tried to make them register ( while not using force ) , but many of them did n't even wanted to provide a name and photo because they believed doing anything with authorities here would mean `` they have to stay here forever '' and many of them wanted to lodge their asylum requests only on german soil . 
  in fact , many lodged asylum requests here were terminated because the requesters , who were assigned to open camps , simply left hungary towards austria . 
  from the viewpoints of people in western europe and the us/canada , who never experienced actual communism , many things and mentalities here seem like cruel and inhumane , or simply `` un-european '' ( post-communist states are as part of europe as everyone else ) , for example we have train stations and hospitals which look very gross compared to ones in , say , france or the uk , but they are part of our slowly improving reality here in the former eastern bloc . 
  the things that were blown out of proportion by the worldwide media : the keleti train incident : when we got enough shit from world media about `` holding back refugees '' at keleti railway station ( when we in fact tried to spare germany 's and austria 's ass after being told we should keep the flow controlled ) , m\u00c1v ( hungarian state railways ) opened up the station . 
  a bit later , a regular , scheduled m\u00c1v passenger train departed towards the austrian border ( towards gy\u0151r i think ) . 
  the train was boarded by migrants who realized gy\u0151r is close to the austrian border , nobody was deceiving them . 
  en route , police decided they should try making them register at least , which we were asked to do in those days , and since one of the migrant camps were at one of the stops , the train was stopped . 
  no rerouting took place . 
  police tried to ask them to register but they stayed on or around the train , occasionally trying to run away . 
  they refused food and water for hours . 
  one man later got hysterical , and pushed a woman with a child on the train tracks and he had a breakdown . 
  internation media made it like that brutal hungarian police thrown a crying refugee family on the train tracks and they beaten them ... 
  in reality , the police only tried to get them off the tracks before a train would come ... and then the austrian chancellor compared us/the incident to nazi germany in a nice roundabout way ... as for that scene where food were thrown to migrants in one of the camps . 
  yes , it might look awful to people , but how do you distribute food between people who ca n't be ordered and wo n't calm down if they want to eat something ? 
  probably one or two police officers had the idea the most fair way to distribute the sandwiches they had at hand was to throw them out randomly . 
  ( note that sandwiches given out at keleti and other places often landed in trash bins before , and that 's really soul crushing even for activists to see . ), 
  as for the r\u00f6szke border incident , migrants started to throw rocks and concrete pieces , riot police used teargas and water cannons only after that . 
  i think attacking riot police is a crime . 
  those people there could have joined all those who were diverted towards croatia , everyone else did n't wanted to provoke a clash with riot police guarding a closed-down border gate . 
  ( with an open border crossing nearby , where people could get their asylum applications lodged ... 
  although to be fair , authorities denied most of the requests that time because they consider serbia a safe third country . ), 
  i 'm not saying that the govt and the authorities did everything in the right way ( the govt , for example , wanted to distribute aid and supplies only at migrant camps , that 's arguably a wrong idea ) , but i found the international media wrong to try painting hungary as an especially draconic state . 
  and we hungarians now see that other states do the same sorts of things we did , and they get painted in a less evil way by the international media . 
  they even call each other hypocrites . 
   `` glorious penis '' the only person who is ever worthy of such a name would be kim jong-un . 
  i do n't think every refugee is an isis member , dimwit . 
  but unlike you , i rather chose breaking one person 's human rights to asylum in their choice of country over letting in one terrorist who could kill multiple people . 
  by the way , did you know that second-generation muslims are kind of problematic ? 
  the paris attacks was n't committed by radical wiccans , germanic neopagans , or leftist atheists ... 
  okay . 
  and what if they do n't like this system and refuse it ? 
  what about their human rights in that case ? 
  tying benefits to residence means that we either have to provide them with the same amount ( we ca n't ) or we provide them different amounts ( they will be mad ) . 
  no one wins . 
  you saying it 's necessary is your view from a moral and humanitarian viewpoint , interpreting the legal framework and the philosophical notion of what it means to be `` european '' . 
  others will disagree , so noone can expect that 28 + countries will agree to this side just because `` something should be done '' . 
  why so ? 
  you 're the first one to tell me that . 
  why people care about percentages compared to a total ? 
  in such a homogenic continent ( well most of it ) , even less counts more when it comes to integration . 
  it 's just i really ca n't stand if people call hungary degrading names like `` shithole '' , especially if they are fellow hungarians who plan to emigrate and forsake the country . 
  nobody was beaten to death in the refugee crisis so far ... 
  well , if you believe that the current influx wo n't cause any problems related to integration and radicalization ... 
  but yes , everything can be solved by being tolerant and smiling . 
  well i did n't know that being pro-migration means you support the * forced * resettlement of people who seek your help . 
  i mean how would you make people to `` take asylum '' in countries which are clearly not * their * choice ? 
  no , austria , that is n't a european solution , we should show solidarity and help all these miserable refugees !, 
  so for this goal , we , all of europe ( and turkey and russia ) should use our national flag carriers and military transports to evacuate these refugees from their desperation , wherever it is , and deliver them to the great nation of germany where the lovely populace and merkel herself will give them a warm welcome and an asylum ( and some other things ) !, 
  please stop talking about that incident with such false claims . 
  you make it sound like it was a sneaky trap , which it was not . 
  it was about one single train , not `` trains and buses '' . 
  the govt sent buses when they started the march on the highway . 
  1 ) nobody told them anything , the train was a scheduled train . 
  it was headed towards the austrian border anyway , and migrants took it . 
  the police decided to stop the train , the migration center being at one of the stops along the route . 
  the train did n't went to an entirely different direction . 
  they asked them to register as per the law at that time which we were reminded of by germany and austria . 
  no force was used , but one man went hysteric and pushed his wife on the train tracks and he got a breakdown . 
  2 ) at that time nobody was detented , especially not those who actually applied for asylum , those got assigned to open camps , in fact , many asylum processing were terminated because the applicant simply left hungary . 
  so no detention camp , no rerouting , no lying , no force . 
  police tried to make them register as we were asked to by other governments , but the media blown it up and the next thing we knew we were likened to nazis in ww2 . 
  ( same accusations czech police got when they dared to write numbers on people 's hands to keep families together . ), 
  please do n't spread anti-hungarian rumors and media legends . 
  orb\u00e1n is literally the european adolf putin . 
  how about giving countries the right to have an independent migration policy ? 
  do n't tell me you are a `` refugee '' if you could apply for asylum in france , but you rather act like a criminal thug and attack trucks to get into the uk , and you continue to do this for months ... 
  what was so horrifying in hungary ? 
  curious , because way more horrifying things happens in syria and way more horrifying things happened in europe since last september . 
  not only her fault , but she could stop pushing everybody in europe to just open up and gag until we suffocate . 
  mhm , hungary is so autocratic now , i feel my rights trampled every second tuesday . 
  free speech is so ruined that the most watched tv station in the country can shittalk about fidesz/kdnp/orb \u00e1n / govt officials literally every single day in their informative daily news blocks . 
  also , remember that magazine cover with orb\u00e1n having a hitler moustache made from barbed wire ? 
  nice false claims , but we did n't tried to `` lock '' anybody up that time . 
  1 ) it was one train only , and nobody from the govt or police told them anything false . 
  the train was heading towards a city next to the austrian border , as a scheduled passenger train . 
  the migrants stormed the train and the police tried asking them to register at a camp which was along the route , no divertion . 
  2 ) everyone who filed an asylum request was housed in open camps which they could leave . 
  that 's how a lot of the asylum seekers got into austria before we closed off the serbian border in september . 
  for example , they started walking on highways . 
  we even provided buses at that time to get them to the austrian border instead of letting them clog the highway and endanger themselves and the traffic . 
  so i could appreciate if you 's stop spreading lies about what hungary did regarding these people . 
  weird , i see people getting called racists by telling racist jokes . 
  too ethusiastic activists ? 
  even worse , nobody told them that they are taken towards austria , the train there were bound to a city near the austria border . 
  a regular , scheduled m\u00c1v passenger train . 
  the migrants stormed it , and while on en-route , police tried their luck . 
  the train was n't even diverted because the registration camp was at one of the stops . 
  yes , the austrian govt called us nazis . 
  jokes on them . 
  this is false . 
  europe has enough variance and intermingling as is . 
  not every country have to be a representation of planet earth in terms of ethnicities and religions . 
  everybody hug a terrorist !, 
  by love and acceptance , we can change the hearts of even isis militants !, 
  yes . 
  just accept literally everyone and let 's pretend the world is a hugbox and let 's hope we wo n't get harmed by radical islamists .
