  we all know that migrants/refugees will integrate because they clearly admire our open-minded and tolerant culture . 
  australia is now considered un-western and fascist or what ? 
  so these people somehow get a free pass to break laws left and right . 
  the wannabe illegal migrants living at calais harass and endanger truck drivers every day and they risk not just their , but drivers ' lives . 
  nobody raises an eyebrow , especially not the rights activists , because desperate people are apparently exempt from laws . 
  there 's no point in forcefully assigning refugees/migrants to country y when they only want country x. 
  why we want to toss around refugees/migrants as some cattle against their will ? 
  if germany said we should just send them the oncoming migrants , then they should n't try spreading them across the countries that they helped by the aforemented stance ... 
  they wanted to help , they ca n't backpedal when the quarter of the middle east and north africa aims for them . 
  actually i 'd invite the baltics and finland into an extended visegrad group . 
  yeah , you know , it 's almost north korea by now . 
  like , i feel my individual rights trampled every tuesday and friday , sometimes even on _ sunday _ , it 's really terribly awful . 
  the large majority of the population holds views that are apparently not `` european '' enough for some intellectual masterminds and activists . 
  there are only two worldviews possible , us-western-european-liberal-democracy-social-willkommenskultur and immoral-unethic-totalitarian-fascist-nazi-illiberal-oligarchic-putinism ? 
  i do n't see how us and western european views about how a society should work are infallible and immune to criticism and alternative interpretation within rational limits . 
  you can do it , come on boy !, 
  hungary has milk in bags and the hungarian tricolor has red too . 
  i think not !, 
  unfortunately legal migration/asylum works better than illegal migration/smuggling . 
  heads-up : we are pondering on making a border fence on the romanian border too . 
  the serb one is now patrolled by military helicopters and the police/army patrolling is increased at least by double . 
  unfortunately if europe wants to absolutely comply with unhcr stuff invented decades ago , europe would have to let in literally every single person coming into europe ( now clocking in over 1 million ) , and would have to individually examine them all while also blowing inordinate amounts of taxpayer money on every single person 's food , medicine , housing , transportation , translation and legal services , and even for deportation if they are deemed not valid asylum seekers . 
  all of this with should be done , according to some activists , with utmost care , utmost respect , and utmost legality , or muh morals . 
  while a certain percentage of the people to be examined does not want to cooperate , want to avoid or trick authorities , openly despise the countries they want to go through or even ones they want to request asylum in , and feel entitled to unrealistic allowances and free property . 
  this is n't fucking disneyland and if we break some human rights to make this clear , be it . 
  for pro-migrant activists , desperation legitimates lawbreaking and violence ... * if you are not a citizen of the country , of course . 
  like as if throwing rocks at the riot police of another country across a border is a sensible idea !, 
  wow , and i thought i should worry about hungary 's population going under 10 million lately . 
  what about lithuania in , say , 5 decades from now on ? 
  but hard drives need to get cheaper , yo . 
  i kinda agree . 
  i feel like we strive to much to make `` 8k 3d 120fps streaming on the city buses '' a reality while i believe that most people use the internet the most at home , where a fixed , stable connection with decent hardware is available . 
  it 's interesting how we , post-communist countries seem to be thrown into high-tech 21th century while we still have leaps to make in other areas of society . 
  i believe only young people living alone use mobile internet as their primary connection . 
  in every other situation a regular home internet connection is beneficial and often cheap in europe ( well i can speak for hungary ) . 
  i feel no need to watch youtube videos and stuff when i commute , but i guess i 'm in a shrinking minority of millennials . 
  still , many people try to avoid using mobile data as it is still waaay more expensive than regular internet access and wi-fi hotspots and open networks are available . 
  both upc and digi has a 1000 mbps plan in hungary . 
  we have only a 20 mbps plan though not from upc , but the plan includes phone and digital cable tv . 
  but 3 mbps ? 
  those cables running to our houses may also carry landline phone service ( older people still need that ) and/or cable tv . 
  as in your home internet ? 
  i 'm asking because my family has a 20 mbps internet connection and the price is considered cheap even in hungary , considering it includes phone and digital cable tv . 
  upload speed is not that good for torrenting though . 
   technological shithole well we in hungary have a `` technological blackhole '' area , where the telecom system is just so archaic , patched , messy and entrenched that operators ( both phone , cable tv and internet companies ) have special plans for just that area . 
  if they even dare to do business there , that is . 
  european plans/tariffs are in general not unlimited . 
  before data connections got prepaid/fixed cost , plans ( in the pay-as-you-go sense , i 'd call them a scheme ) may had x free text messages and/or x free minutes of free calls ( often within the same network or plan only ) and upon using up those , certain rates applied based on the plan choosen . 
  unlimited voice call plans are n't really seen as desirable here because people often prefer texting , or just use short calls which are to the point . 
  the v4 is strong in general lately . 
  well it ca n't be helped , for general us audiences , communism and socialism are exotic european things , and thus technically post-communist countries are an exotic phenomenon . 
  it 's a status that is worthy of mention when we as a country achieve something noteworthy , because post-communist countries generally ca n't achieve noteworthy things , apparently . 
  on a related note , ladies and gentlemen , do you know that milk was sold in sealed plastic bags in communist hungary ? 
  and yes , we still have milk in plastic bags , because , you guessed it right , post-communism . 
  `` petitions '' shit nobody cares about i presume . 
  the whole concept hinges on the philosophical notion that liberalism is morally good , and that not advocating liberalism precludes one of being an intellectual . 
  well we should n't define each other 's _ intellect _ in such a way . 
  implying every intelligent , intellectual person _ has _ to be liberal , because the two concepts are inherently linked . 
  try again . 
   and these obligations changed in the meantime ? 
  how ? 
  the legal framework did not change at all in this matter , if we were obliged to let anyone in six months ago , then we are obliged to it now . 
  if it is a stupid thing now , then it was just as stupid six months ago . 
  as if the change of government actions invalidates them . 
  not like only we changed our minds despite the legal obligations stayed the same . 
   literally all it takes for that to happen is for the right wing to stop deliberately preventing that from happening , and it could be done by tomorrow . 
  maybe it 's just me , but the popular `` liberal '' ( for a lack of better word ) notion of equating `` no gay marriage '' right wing people to a moral event horizon who are not worthy of being a true european or being a citizen of an `` open , liberal society '' is n't really helping the cause of equality . 
  it gets old and quite counterproductive when people having no violent or hateful intentions get questioned in their moral integrity or moral value by their political antagonists ( who often happen to be idealists for some reason ) . 
   how did they get in the first place ? 
  was orb\u00e1n not the prime minister , when they arrived ? 
  well , reaching a defensive state takes some time . 
  you ca n't erect a mental barrier on the border just because you really want it and stuff like that . 
   we just told them to enter through croatia . 
  making their journey longer by a hudnred miles does not mean we kept them out . 
  just showed them a different door . 
  what croatia does or not does is n't a measure of how successful our actions are , they are a sovereign state as we . 
  if a small number of countries would follow our stance , there would be no `` crisis '' on eu soil , except maybe in greece . 
  besides , keeping out unchecked people ( irregular migration ) as a schengen border state is pretty much our legal duty in the eu . 
  ( well , at least it was until merkel 's germany made it pointless . ), 
   however , the very ideas and principles always spread top-down . 
  so it is the job of politicians/intellectual elite to tell people how to view the world ( i.e. 
  what to think ) to be considered `` european '' and arguably , morally good ? 
  good to know in europe you have to think in certain ways to be considered worthy of being called a `` true '' european . 
  ... while covering their faces from the camera after they notice camera crew attention . 
  well of course nobody 's obliged to accept forced quotas which wo n't work in the long run . 
  if you mean asylum requests in general , hungary has accepted ( for example yugoslav wars ) and still accepts asylum requests in its own terms , not according to what , say , german rights activists in berlin say . 
  god , some people really operate up-to-date sites about how to disregard laws and how to trick authorities when asked ... `` i 'm fleeing war and want to claim asylum in germany '' , sure , everybody should say that and flood one specific ( wealthy ) nation . 
  unfortunately we have parties and activists who would love an ashamed hungary just because we were an axis nation and the government cooperated with the nazis ... everyone proud to be hungarian and not talking about hungary like a cesspool of brainwashed people must be close to ( or even be ) fascist/nazis ... 
  and socialist/liberal parties home and abroad want to guilt trip hungary , hungarians too because , having been an axis nation in ww2 , and having deported jews , we must be eternally feeling guilt and shame instead of being proud of our country ... we ca n't even fucking erect a monument conmemorating the nazi takeover of hungary because apparently it legitimises the holocaust and makes it look like hungary did n't played a role in it ... never mind that the country was taken by a foreign force and nazi troops do killed hungaran citizens , jews and non-jews alike ... fucking shit ... 
  not trying to be anti-us here , but i guess that 's the curse of being the numero uno country in the world . 
  you get called names if you act like the world police and you get called names when you do n't ... 
  unfortunately there are still people who believe that letting literally everyone in , giving them bazillion euros worth of housing , food , medicine , legal help , and pocket money until they are identified and examined as refugee candidates is the only right solution . 
   but geneva is dead as far as europe is concerned . 
  geneva is a noble legal fiction in this current situation considering international politics , migrant/refugee numbers and basic human nature . 
   the refugees ca n't walk to america now _ that _ would create an interesting situation at the us border ... 
  but yeah , the pond is there ... 
  as we know , what constitutes as _ european _ , can be only decided by the parties and intellectuals on the `` left '' and the liberal parties and intellectuals . 
  every other opinion is morally wrong and un-european , thus not worthy of admiration , praise , or even a positive word as a description . 
  to hell with things like community values or consensus as in democracy . 
  those are demagogic and thus unrational , and anything unrational is to be banished from the conversations about being a `` true '' european .
