  keep up brothers . 
  funny how swedish people want to tell what finns should do , i hope they themselves offer their home for the really really poor refugees . 
  * cuts to dramatic shots of crying refugee children back in macedonia weeks ago *, 
  if you are so much into calling others racist , i bet you do n't mind called an idealist hippie or a far-left anarchist . 
  it 's one thing to want to have a decent life for your family and another to trash around europe , do what you want , call countries poor , cry for merkel on every occasion when you need to stop for five mins , avoid any and all authorities , throw away food and supplies given to you , complain about the shelters the countries can give to your refugee ass , and acting all entitled and rioting like wild animals while media is too busy filming your crying children you were dumb enough to keep around when you see riot police in front of you . 
  caps !, 
  on refugees !, 
  in germany !, 
  refugees wo n't accept this , they want * freedom * in the promised land of frau merkel . 
  tell something new apart from the `` your duty is to poor refugees '' tract and the `` you are brainwashed by your xenophobic govt '' tract . 
  i bet you have n't seen any refugee ( ? ), 
  rioting , stampeding , acting entitled just so they can go to one specific country , where they are settled in , wait for it , refugee camps , just like everywhere else !, 
  so giving more than 1 mil + ethnic hungarians to romania was a nice thing eh ? 
  forget about trianon ? 
  what ? 
  we should rightfully give citizenship to 1 mil + ethnic hungarians . 
  i 'm okay with the idea of a european brotherhood , but i ca n't accept the idea to weaken the nation-state concept rooted in ethnocultural groups . 
  * syrians in need are understood here , but they wo n't be `` hungarians '' however friendly we are . 
  i have no problems with muslims or chinese or dakota , and i might even call them brother in a friendly conversation with them , but i certainly would n't call them hungarian in the general sense even if they lived here for decades , speak the language and have a hungarian citizenship . 
  and i do n't believe this is racism or xenophobism . 
  ( * i 'm fully aware that the genetic origin of hungarians is quite diverse , and thus i realize we mixed ethnically and culturally with a number of other people in our long and windy history . 
  but i believe we formed a firm ethnocultural identity by now . ), 
  if we collectively , as europe , say that we basically let in people without * any * kind of paperwork ( remember , they refuse to register as asylum seekers even in countries like austria , germany , denmark and sweden ) and sort them out somewhere somehow * later * , who can guarantee that more people wo n't come to europe , at least * trying * to piggyback on this current mess to get a somewhat better life than what they already have back in whatever desperate country they live in . 
  yes , it 's mainly a syrian thing right now , with legitimate refugees , but even * they * are deluded by the people smugglers to believe that in europe , at least germany and sweden can give them an awesome `` refugee life '' , because they are supposedly generous nations welcoming people in need . 
  they have this false idea that europe is a charity continent which can give them all a comfortable , carefree life after all that shit they had to endure , but in reality , what they get are hastily made refugee camps , no matter the country they go . 
  and this lack of support wo n't change , since most of europe ca n't handle their own poor and desperate people , let alone thousands of assigned refugees . 
  the bigger problem is that now people in poor countries might get the idea to try their luck , and the reality is that they are quite free to walk around in europe without any kind of regulation once they managed to arrive in europe , which of course is risky . 
  i 'm not one of those who thinks that every muslim is a terrorist , but i think that there is certainly a risk in letting in more than 800.000 unknown people in europe , most of whom refuse to even give their name or let their photos taken by authorities of a country which is n't their choosen destination . 
  it 's fine . 
  but the unfortunate ( ? ), 
  reality is that a large percent of people in europe in general wo n't even call some of the other europeans their `` brother '' or `` sister '' , let alone calling the muslim immigrants living here for decades the same . 
  and actually that might be an understandable reality . 
  multiculturalism is n't something that sweeps away closed societies in a decade or two . 
  bwahaha , we are like `` fuck it , we ca n't be called more nazis than this anymore '' , so more than likely that the romanian and croatian border fence extension will start soon , and we will give * zero * fucks about the romanian and croatian govt bitching ( and secretly envying ) about it . 
  oh , additional two counties on our south in crisis state now because croatians ca n't keep up shit , they even bus the people near to the border . 
  well , let 's regroup police , riot police , counter terrorism forces and military there , nothing unexpected here , we can handle this . 
  no , but in this situation , this is n't an explanation , this is a harmful oversimplification . 
  judging by the reality of europe in these days , just hugging literally everyone coming over your borders wo n't work . 
  how are you supposed to help every single person who do n't want to cooperate with you and who constantly demand more and more from you even if you ca n't help more ? 
  it can not work , and it does n't help that you are called a fascist , a nazi , a racist , or a xenophobe for saying this . 
  i wish all the best for suomi . 
  and what kind of refugees you talk about ? 
  and more importantly , if the current masses walking around europe , crossing borders , would be fine with * any * country , how come they do n't want to register or cooperate with * any * authority and why they chant `` germany , germany '' all the time when they are stopped by authorities for any reason ? 
  ( and even the `` germany , germany '' people might turn into `` sweden , sweden '' and then `` finland , finland '' people , as we seen in the news , when they see that they are welcomed by german refugee camps , and not by 4 star hotels or free apartmans . ), 
  it does n't help in seeing this mess in it 's reality . 
  same with appeal to emotions , which is what the whole mainstream media does right now from bbc to the new york times . 
  well if you think about it !, 
  i do n't remember that the hungarians of 1956 were much different from the austrians of 1956 , but i might be wrong . 
  i mean being influenced by communism must be a huge cultural difference . 
  i thought we were both quite close in culture even back then . 
  oh and ... we did n't roamed through all of europe like a mob , and did n't demanded this and that while media gloryfied us as victims to give a free new life in their choosen country . 
  ( which would n't work anyway . ), 
  now on the other hand , syrians are way more far from the culture of us all , and you might think otherwise , this is n't xenophobia . 
  nobody questions the legitimate plight of people who are actually fearing for their life because of war and extremists . 
  but more and more people question the legitimacy , the lack of cooperation , the lack of control , the sense of entitlement , the whole goddamn mess of all these huge swarms of unidentified people roaming around giving no fucks . 
  also , it gets tiresome to get called a fascist or a nazi just because one opposes this mess happening right now . 
  croatian govt thought the migrants will register for asylum in croatia because they are so welcoming to them after nazi hungary . 
  well nope . 
   we 're basically volunteering to do this registration nonsense so `` eu proper '' does n't have to . 
   registration bwahaha !, 
  you can try , but they wo n't comply , trust me , hungary * knows * . 
  guys , i 'm sorry to say this , but you are in for some serious shit if you do n't stop trains from sweden and close your border with fences ... 
  and then what ? 
  by that logic europe should accept like a quarter of the world population because we are , in average , better than most of them . 
  but a lot of these migrants are n't satisfied with what sweden ( ! ), 
  can give them . 
  now imagine if they are assigned to countries where most people only dream about what the average swede has . 
  the video explicitely moralizes , so it 's worthless . 
  yeah , an unhcr humanist propa ... err explanation , arguing that the only humane thing is to let everyone into europe who walks in a group or who claims he is a refugee . 
  and of course we are only gaining by allowing them in , since apparently , what europe needs are refugees with a sense of entitlement . 
  guys , save these articles , i really plan to gather them to show a collection of myths about the `` refugees '' ... 
  if it need to be . 
  the great hungarian foreign defence fence . 
  i find it mind-blowing that all these leftist , pro-migrant activists and social justice warriors are silent about these news of this huge sense of the entitlement to get a better life than many of europe has . 
  they just keep going on and on about * war-torn * countries , * desperate * refugees , * crying * children and * inalienable * human dignity . 
  basically they who come in can go `` i want this , i want that , or else ... '' , but people here , trying to keep their everyday life unchanged have to shut up with telling them to comply with anything because it must be * xenophobia * or * islamophobia * ... all while these `` refugees '' dream of wealthy countries and call eastern and central european countries too * poor * for them to even consider lodging an asylum request in . 
  ( edit : corrected grammar ), 
  dude , you need to write an open letter to these refugee and/or migrant masses , because they feel too entitled to stuff that many europeans actually lack ... 
  if we `` original '' europeans say it , we are called blind racists or xenophobes or i do n't know ... 
   threatened with hunger strike top kek . 
  did n't worked at r\u00f6szke either . 
  except in hungary . 
  sort of . 
  we play hardball !, 
   their integration varies their integration rate is converging to zero everywhere . 
  i probably heard about it , but seems like i forget about it on purpose . 
  probably because its outrageous . 
  the pure heresy in this ... 
  they seem too well-equipped and well-informed sometimes , though . 
  no problem , my reaction was a bit harsh , hungary gets all sort of flak lately . 
  `` chaos '' is n't how we deal or not deal with asylum applications , chaos is what is in the head of the migrants and what the media feeds them based on half-assed german and austrian statements/decisions made . 
  i do n't give half a shit about what started in germany or in europe in general and how long ago . 
  for hungary , it became a mess since august , and we dealt with it in our ways . 
  why would we bend over for germany anyway ... ? 
  well no thank you , you handle the people who want specifically * you * . 
  i heard that all too much in the past weeks . 
  what is to treat them like humans , hosting them in actual hotel rooms and giving them free govt rides from border to border ? 
  relevant picture : http://sd.keepcalm-o-matic.co.uk/i/keep-calm-and-eat-l%c3%a1ngos-3.png, 
  give back by what ? 
  by allowing germany and france to tell them to settle x thousand people of a highly different culture into countries who did n't have significant populations of such people ?
