  well except holstered pistols on police officers . 
  fun fact , in hungary ( population ~ 10 mill ) , police has to use firearms around 8 times a year . 
  guns here are american action movie stuff . 
  and i like it this way , along with others . 
  alas , we do n't have soaring crime rates either to justify a strong gun culture . 
   strengthen the bonds between the western and eastern europe ( s ) , not weaken them . 
  that 's a haaard thing to do , communism took a toll on our collective thinking compared to western europe . 
  thank you for your kind consideration , my polish friend !, 
  we are n't mad at you . 
   orban reacted to that , by ( illegally ) sending refugees to austria and germany . 
  how come that 's a bad thing ? 
  if we send them , it 's illegal and we are bashed . 
  if we keep them here , asking for registration , it 's inhumane and we are bashed . 
  wtf orb\u00e1n should do if he ca n't magically make hungary a place where refugees want to seek refuge ? 
  what , you say sweden does what germany and austria did with hungary ? 
  til there are no countries between syria and germany . 
  actually this free-for-all ca n't be maintained for long , and not just because of security reasons . 
  if we do n't draw a line about who we let in without any paperwork , what if other people from other countries start to try their luck in this huge kindness game ? 
  there are millions of really poor people everywhere . 
  there might be even some local war nearby . 
  but without requiring any paperwork , you can not draw those lines . 
  currently we literally allow these `` refugees '' to do almost anything , and if any police anywhere does any corrective action on misbehaving migrants , people ( and mass media ) cries wolf . 
  or rather , cry nazi/fascist/racist / xenophobe . 
  yeah , this is the way to go . 
   no one is talking about uncontrolled migration , in fact , europe is pretty much a fort when it comes to that . 
  migration right now * is * uncontrolled . 
  european countries are giving up on stopping these migrants and registering them . 
  authorities just let them pass over national borders from outside the eu with literally no paperwork . 
  we ca n't even ask for a fingerprint or even a name . 
  i call that uncontrolled . 
  refugees are welcome to seek * shelter * , but they are n't welcome to come in en masse , pick a country for a good life , and wander all the way through with zero paperwork and authority processing , all while demanding maximum humanitarian help from authorities . 
   they would be back in their original countries , possibly dead . 
  not really . 
  it 's not like people had only sweden to flee to from the yugoslav wars . 
  for example , there was hungary , we welcomed them . 
  the current leftist stance is to let anyone in ( without maintaining schengen ) and to sort them out later , to see who is who and who gets what kind of treatment . 
  until that , literally everyone should be treated as a desperate refugee , and anyone who remotely looks like a middle easterner or african is let in and through borders without zero paperwork . 
  wonderful . 
  also : http://www.thelocal.no/20150911/difficult-for-sweden-to-register-refugees-norway and people still call these people desperate people fleeing a war-torn country ? 
  hell , many of these people crossed * all * of the borders of the following ( safe and more or less helpful ) countries without * any * sort of official registration with any authority : turkey , greece , bulgaria/macedonia , serbia , hungary , austria , germany , denmark , sweden i hope they find their safe place in either norway or finland , because i ca n't imagine much more safer countries on earth which can handle such an influx of people from faraway lands ... sheesh , when `` refugees '' do n't want to * register * even in denmark and sweden in violation of eu asylum laws , and treat the authorities with suicide , you know you are watching madness . 
  funny how no leftists comment here about humianitarian considerations nullifying laws ... 
  even we can not manage them , bro !, 
  maybe the military deployment at the serbian border will help !, 
  before internet in serbia . 
  in an eloquent voice : oh but for christ 's sake , if you believe in our yuropean values and you have a heart as any decent human being , you should embrace and welcome all these poor refugees !, 
  / s no ... 
  this is sickening . 
  all the mainstream media is playing on emotions and tugging on heartstrings ( appeal to emotion , a logical fallacy ) and while they show images and stories about children and women , they do n't want to talk about anything that makes the migrants look negative . 
  we are told to uphold `` values '' but we are supposed to accept that 800.000 + people illegally wandering through europe do n't want to and do n't need to abide and uphold by the same values . 
  we are required to help them all we can , and to abide by their values ( only halal meal , male doctors should n't touch females , banning supposedly `` provocative '' clothing near refugee camps etc. 
  ) , but we are easy on them if they do n't abide by our values . 
  apart from values , we are told these migrants are n't required to follow any rule or law whatsoever , because their humanitarian situation trumps what we european people agreed on as the rule of law . 
  they are supposedly free to go through 10 + european countries without any formalities or processing required by local , eu and international laws . 
  the governments or authorities that refuse to embrace them as much as the mainstream media tells us are called fascist or neo-nazi , even if clearly nobody knows how to deal with the situation . 
  germany and austria , while giving mixed signals , and having their problems , badmouth other countries for not `` keeping up laws '' that they themselves abandoned . 
  meanwhile the migrants are changing their chants of `` germany , germany '' to `` sweden , sweden '' because they do n't like the fact that they get into refugee camps even in the promised land . 
  even worse , we are told that these people are still desperate refugees , being apparently so desperate that they refuse to register in austria , germany , denmark , or now even in sweden , because they fear they wo n't be able to settle in finland or norway , and they would get `` deported '' back into ( the terror ! ), 
  sweden , denmark , germany , or austria !, 
  it 's so sad that all these apparently kind-hearted `` refugees welcome '' people are too blinded to see that this is not just a humanitarian crisis of middle eastern refugees , it is a legitimate and well-founded cultural rift in europe itself ... 
  meanwhile all they can do is to play the racist and xenophobe card in reaction to any criticism of the migrants and their motivations and beliefs ... 
   but if someone does n't question that while he criticizes it for non-eu-citizens , than it 's a judgement based only on origin and thus has a racist component . 
  that this unequal treatment is included in certain european laws is no excuse , it 's just a hideaway . 
  racism can not be based on you being an eu citizen or not . 
  if wo states agree to let each other 's citizen pass into the other freely , that is n't racism . 
  what the fuck . 
  european countries agreed to support free movement of workers , goods and money inside the eu . 
  we ca n't allow non-eu citizens to move around freely because 1 ) we do n't know who they are and 2 ) their country of origin do n't agreed with us with any sort of this thing . 
  this is way far from racism . 
  the eu is a club for european countries , it 's natural that club members have rights that others wo n't have in the clubhouse . 
   you care about what the treaties say when you have something to gain i care about what the treaties * do n't * say . 
  for example , the treaties do n't define what is a `` humane '' refugee camp , so in turn , we have no moral obligation to provide german-style refugee housing to be not shitted all over in the international leftist media . 
  well thank you for your support . 
  i was surprised that our number one , ( quite leftist ) tv channel actually reported that volunteers are thankful for hungarian police and that police did helped the poor `` refugees '' here and there . 
  without saying anything about their lack of such coverage before , or the unfounded international hatred towards hungary , of course . 
  ( they have been shitting all over the orb\u00e1n govt since he tried to make them pay a huge media tax last year summer . ), 
  hurr , you feel like you know me , haha . 
  i 'm not a racist and i do n't give a fuck about muslims living in muslim countries . 
  obviously being a muslim does n't make you either a terrorist or a rapist , but you fail to see that muslims ca n't really integrate into european countries . 
  oh not because of racism , but because we have vastly different value systems . 
  by the way , i 'm atheist , i 'm saying just in case , but i 've probably read more about islamic culture and history than you . 
  next time try harder , and about your accusation of xenophobism ; you are free to stick it up in the nearest mosque . 
  roughly what percentage of them are n't acting entitled for help and supplies ? 
  it 's damn high here where they ca n't get much !, 
  the problem is that even not all hungarians ( slovakians , romanians , bulgarians , macedonians etc. ), 
  get that . 
  yet people bash on us for not providing these to absolutely unknown foreigners who do n't want to cooperate ? 
  even if they would , we could n't . 
  hungary is constantly processing asylum requests , a large majority of them being discarded because the applicant left the country . 
  of the remaining , some are approved , some are not . 
  do you think agreeing to accept x thousand refugees would make hungary a desirable place for these migrants ? 
  the quota thing wo n't work , because even the legit refugees ( all chanting germany , germany and merkel , merkel ) want a germany-level lifestyle which we ca n't provide no matter how hard we would try . 
  yea , so if you rob a bank because your family member needs a very expensive surgery , that 's okay ? 
  because she has a right to a painless life , so it should nullify the laws against bank robbery , right ? 
  idealist cunt . 
  nobody seen this shit coming in the 90s when we started negotiating but sure . 
  thing is , hungary is called upon for not dropping the whole registration process because supposedly it 's so inhumane to be in a camp which is n't a hotel . 
  we should just transport people from the serbian border to the austrian border , not bothering with our camps and out registration duties !, 
  because poor refugees !, 
  by the way i like how you call all these people refugees when in fact a large chunk of them comes from countries not torn by war , only by poverty . 
  so why do have schengen outer borders if we need to just let in everyone because they might be legitimate refugee seekers ?
