  like making flyers with pictograms related to the german constitution . 
  brilliant idea . 
   military . 
      the fuck . 
  what kind of police state are you from ? 
  well , to be honest , theoretically a military should be ( legally/logistically/tactically ) able to help police/riot police if it is absolutely necessary . 
  i mean in mexico , the military engages against the drug cartels , and they are on home soil and fighting against their civilian countrymen . 
  this does n't make mexico a police state . 
   you have no right to be here , but deporting you is too hard/unpopular . 
  and yet , anyone who says * `` do n't let in all these people without any checks or paperwork !, 
  '' * are called , guess what , racist fascists . 
   culturally inferior untermench it 's funny how you evoke nazi imagery where there is nothing to evoke . 
  cultures * are * different , and thus , they might not be compatible . 
  if you believe all cultures have the same moral values , you are uneducated . 
  try making aboriginals live in modern , liberal , western-style multiculturalism , they would n't magically wear western clothing just because we do . 
  the same with middle eastern cultures ; they would n't give more rights to women ( having unmarried sex , dressing however they want etc. ), 
  just because we do . 
  lessons to be learned . 
  it 's not like they separate themselves , right ? 
  it 's not like they stick with their people and their culture , is it ? 
  so we either 1 ) let in more people who are , in general , are or will get impoverished , or 2 ) cater to them by positive discrimination , feed them , house them , give them free or cheaper healthcare and social benefits , so they wo n't be impoverished . 
  both sound like a terribly good idea !, 
  let 's care more about immigrants then the population already living here while making them pay more by taxes !, 
   being able to legally carry a firearm it 's not like people in europe are banned from having any firearms at all . 
  no semiautomatics and rifles are sold in general stores , but people can still obtain licenses for pistols and whatnot . 
  as for lax self-defense laws , i see that as a result of the us population seeing criminals as lower scum than many europeans , so in turn , not many gives a shit about killing them if they try to break in your house , for example . 
  also , paranoia ; * they might want to slaughter me and my whole family * , so of course i have the goddamn right to shoot them dead on sight and be seen as a moral hero . 
  ( this is n't as sarcastic as it may sound . ), 
   just because someone is currently robbing you does n't mean they wo n't change their mind and suddenly attack you or stab you . 
  the difference is apparently that a lot of european self-defence laws do n't assume the worst of the outcomes/intentions on the attackers ' side . 
  while the us laws , for example , assume that criminals are criminals , and they might as well murder your sorry ass anytime if you do n't comply ( and even if you do ) . 
  it basically gives a lax permit to kill a variety of criminals in a variety of situations . 
  ( hell , i was shocked to learn that inmates on the flee can be legally shoot no matter what they are doing . 
  and i 'm not one to care that much about criminal 's human dignity and stuff , trust me . ), 
  using appropriate force in self-defence is far from * handing over your stuff when they ask * . 
  you can still shout at them to go fuck themselves first . 
  then try leaving . 
  then , if they do attack , attack back , but preferably not with a gun if they do n't have a gun , not with a knife if they do n't have a knife , and so on . 
  i know right ? 
  especially shitting on each other 's govt policies . 
   this may sound savage for europeans only for those who care about the human rights of every despicable criminal , no matter how heinous and disgusting crime they committed . 
  otherwise it is sensible . 
   it should be about immigration in general not that anti-immigration people are n't called racists or xenophobes with no rational reasing for expressing their opinions . 
   as has happened here , what will alienated young men do on carneval in future ? 
  well , have some multicultural fun , what else ? 
  the * your way of thinking is bad , your way of thinking is evul * opinions in a liberal democracy are always kind of funny . 
  i mean , nobody cares about what you think , sure , except if you happen to express it . 
  then it 's a fair game to namecall each other without rational arguments , using appeals to emotions . 
  emotions like compassion and solidarity . 
  morocco has no * nuclear weapons * though . 
  just kidding . 
   more likely germany will do it 's usual trick of palming off their problems on poorer eu countries by forcing them to take the undesirables . 
  we wo n't take any of these bitches on hungarian soil , registered here or not . 
  so then they try their luck with sweden , then finla ... wait , sweden is already puking and had to instate border control with denmark and they cut the benefits after realizing they ca n't swallow this much . 
  lovely continent with sensible politics . 
  that 's a terrible waste of jet fuel ... 
  otherwise i like the idea . 
   to where they have been registered except not if it was hungary . 
  we fucking did our designated job instead of fucking greece , and then we are forced to take in criminals from germoney ? 
  nope , never . 
  hungary should even leave the eu if that would be germany 's plan . 
  `` yeah , luftwaffe ? 
  can you take a bunch of criminals back to that war torn shithole along with those bombs you are already dropping there , preferably asap ? '', 
   what if they 've burned their documents and refuse to say where they are from ? 
  nobody ever did that from this 1 million group . 
  they are all honest refugee seekers fleeing from war and death . 
   the geneva refugee convention and the german constitution allows deportation of refugees guilty of serious crimes ( such as murder ) , but the german implementation of these laws does not . 
  call me anything , but that 's fucked up . 
  if you are not a citizen and commit murder , gtfo from my country to where you came from . 
  where are feminists when we need them ? 
  this is the most disgusting victim blaming i have ever seen . 
  which is ironic , since why do you have an open comment section if people will just nod their head in it ? 
  yep . 
   there are enough children of immigrants that came in the 70s , 80s and 90s that are barely integrated and formed their own culture and now theres a huge educational gap and yet germany took in more than 1 million refugees/migrants/whatever of random people to feel compassionate . 
  even with the deportations ( which i doubt the authorities will force that much ) , a lot of them might end up adding to the already existing 2nd generation problem . 
   no but you can hear their accent . 
  i heard only trained people are able to tell syrians apart from others speaking a variety of arabic . 
  germans told me that in regards with other guys complaining about masses marching through their borders . 
  yeah , you can count on one hand how many attacks that new religious sect caused compared to japan 's history . 
  and the ones they actually committed were n't really successful , luckily . 
  so even this happened just before it turned to 2016 ... 
  interesting . 
   when the rest of the eu gives zero shits what could the rest of the eu do if said migrants wo n't settle for the other countries ? 
  force them to stay in poorer countries ? 
  beg them to stay and appreciate the lower life standards and welfare they can provide ? 
  that was a vivid metaphor , my friend !, 
  itt : poland is on track to become hungary 2.0 , which is in turn belarus 2.0 itself . 
  edit : guys , i was sarcastic , please . 
  talking about legitimate terror treats is now fear mongering , cute . 
  oh please . 
  true ethnic poles will be fine . 
  the photos are fine , but that writing in that article is subpar ... 
  damn , i thought hungary was original with this idea . 
  in what year they came up with this ? 
  i might do a wikipedia article about such trams , so do you know the background of this ? 
  is it sponsored ? 
  ( because of madagascar and stuff . ), 
  also , i 'm a bit of a nerd , do you have any idea what type is the tram ? 
  thanks for the moral support as a german . 
  was n't fun being a hungarian in the past half year or so .
