   depends on the romanians that you ask . 
  some are xenophobes and rewrite history . 
  others realise gypsies are part of the cultural heritage that ee has to offer . 
  gipsies give a part of european culture just as every ethnicity in europe gives a part of european culture . 
  this does n't mean one have to feel communion with all ethnicities of europe ( or of the world for that matter ) . 
  maybe i am racist if i 'm not listening to gipsy music in my free time ? 
  i do n't listen to portuguese folk music either , does n't mean i hate the portuguese . 
   are jewish hungarians , hungarian ? 
  or are they a different species ? 
  i have no idea why you brought up `` species '' , except if you try to frame me as some kind of nsdap racist who would classify people into different `` species '' . 
  this is plain moronic . 
  everyone with two working brain cells knows that every single human is the same species , homo sapiens . 
  even the classification of `` race '' is at best sketchy , because our phenotypes are n't really categorizable . 
  to answer you , jewish hungarians in general are only people who have a jewish heritage ( as in their ancestors married a lot wih other ethnicities ) . 
  they can be called hungarians because they largely fit into the hungarian sociocultural context . 
  anyone who would hate `` jewish hungarians '' would be an idiot . 
  but with the gipsies in hungary , the situation is different ; most of the gipsy do n't fit into the hungarian sociocultural context , even if they are legally full citizens of hungary . 
   sure some people will identify with one origin or another . 
  the huge huge problem is when one group takes all the cultural heritage and says mine . 
  you do not recognise other contributions to your culture , you minimise the importance of other people and you define what being romanian , hungarian , polish whatever to be only what you decide it to be . 
  others ? 
  fuck them . 
  500 years of living on that soil with countless amounts of exchange , assimilation , integration . 
  that counts for 0 cuz reasons . 
  i do n't minimize any ethnicity 's cultural heritage and contribution , but gipsy ( or more correctly , roma ) culture is roma culture , and is the heritage of roma primarily , and only secondarily the heritage of the country they happen to live in . 
  ask gipsies , a lot of them call their culture roma culture , not hungarian culture . 
  ethnical hungarians produced a group of hungarian cultural artifacts , and hungarian gipsies produced a group of roma cultural artifacts . 
  these artifact groups may overlap ( for example in folk music they do overlap a lot in hungary ) but they are a different set of things with different origins . 
  we do n't claim ownership of minority cultures , minorities do n't claim ownership of the majority culture , that simple . 
   this is not a case of different but equal . 
  we are all humans wih the same rights . 
  but we are all different on differing levels , and there 's no point in denying that differences sometimes matter . 
   that 's why ee does not write history but is only subjected to it . 
  ees refuse to realise the grand scheme of things . 
  i might like this sentiment if i read it in a book written by some acknowledged social scientist or historian , but it 's written by you , and i doubt you are either . 
  you just try to appear wiser than you are . 
  if you know european history , you know that ee and ce people made history wih empires and kingdoms in the past . 
  the fact that we are n't global powers or that we are n't the wealthiest nations these days does * not * mean we are on a `` morally low ground '' or that we are `` backwards-thinking '' as you smugly suggest it . 
  the world is thankfully way more complex than that to derive such simple assumptions about whole continental regions . 
  that 's why you can not know the `` grand scheme of things '' either , since no-one can . 
  think about it and teach yourself foremost before trying to teach ( and devalue ) others you see as fundamentally misguided . 
  thank you , i bothered to read , but it 's still does n't ease my concern that people keen to get into germany will rather sit through 6 months or 12 months than to go into countries like bulgaria or romania . 
  as for standardizing the welfare system ... you have unreal fantasies . 
  the eu has 28 highly differing member states , eac having a different society , monetary policy , sociopolitical reality . 
  you just ca n't make all 28 countries to be equally beneficial to these migrants . 
  if you manage to raise the apparent social benefits and housing provided to migrants , you have to raise it for the native population too , or else they will be understandable angry . 
  on paper , your ideas might sound good , the problem is that reality is a bitch . 
  border fences are cool . 
  bloody hell . 
  even the classic * lolita * ? 
   trying to distribute them fairly ( so we try to reach quotas for each country depending each refugee 's preference , e.g. 
  if 1000 want to go to germany but we can only take 500 for germany then we take half and the rest wait until more space in germany is available and we fill out the quotas for the less desirable countries as well , since many refugees will prefer to go to them rather than wait until the next quota . 
  why i feel that refugees wo n't agree with you ? 
  what makes you think that these people , who are apparently so desperate about a decent life , will settle in a country you assign them to ? 
  if you are a desperate refugee who risked his and his family 's life only to get into germany or sweden to live an imagined german or swedish life , would you give up on your hopes and dreams when you hear you either keep sitting in a shitty camp in turkey or go to an east european `` poor '' country you never heard a word about except maybe that they are poor and life sucks there ? 
  as if like they wo n't get angry at both germany and their assigned host country . 
  would you risk protests and riots ? 
  hmmm . 
  sounds like a great eu-wide plan to just agree to host thousands of foreign people in your country who do n't want to do anything with your country and it 's crappy welfare system . 
  yeah , why not . 
  i think you meant 25 years . 
  and yeah communist bloc countries did n't get the marshall plan , we got some help from the su , but it was n't much , and in exchange , we had to host them and endure the reign of moscow 's ideas . 
  though on a positive note , we came to be a world-class bus and traincar manufacturer under communism , so at least there 's some national pride gained in those industrious times . 
   last time i 've checked those gypsy people have ee passports . 
  therefore each has a vote that means exactly as much as yours . 
  yes , but i do n't understand why we would expect ee people to be `` grateful '' in general just because x country in we helps our ee gipsies in their countries . 
  it 's not like we sent them there or we asked them to ease our burden about gipsies . 
  if you say that ee people should be grateful because we helped our people , in general , that 's another story . 
  mixing in gipsy into the equtation does n't make sense if majority of < insert ee country 's ethnic majority people  do n't consider them < insert ethnic majority  . 
  for example why should be romanians grateful for we for aiding gipsies from romania in we if ethnically romanians in general do n't consider gipsies in the country `` real '' romanians ? 
    but not fellow countrymen  yeah . 
  we call that ethonophobia and xenophobia is it wrong to not feel communion with ethnically different people just because we share a citizenship and a country ? 
  you talk like if it automatically implies hate or atrocity , but it does n't . 
  a majority of ethnically hungarians would n't call gipsies hungarian , they would call them gipsies , because for the majority of ethnically hungarians it makes more sense to refer to people with ethnicity than with legal citizenship . 
  and to be frank , gipsies are an ethnicity , and are n't hungarian culturally . 
  this is n't a value judgement , it 's a simple matter of fact . 
  we have minorities , with minority protection laws , for these , it is a must to talk about ethnicities , as it is the reality of society . 
  labeling ethnicities despite citizenship granted , in itself , is n't xenophobia nor `` ethnophobia '' in itself . 
  faymann afair said that because we stopped a train en route towards the austrian border at a refugee camp along the way , and trying to convince them to register as per eu law . 
  no force was used . 
  i 'm no social scientist , but i try to elaborate a few points about the divide between western and northern europe and eastern and central europe when it comes to values and the migrant crisis . 
  i always felt like western europeans do n't understand the societal shift or pressure we gone through after decades of communism with varying levels of intensity and sould drenching . 
  people here are more keen to voice opinions which are `` forbidden '' or `` incorrect '' by some group . 
  in communism , we could n't speak freely . 
  also , eastern and central european post-communist societies are fed up with foreign influences telling them what to do and what to adapt to . 
  it 's the effect of a socialist society forced on the people from moscow ; in general , we do n't give a fuck about what others expect from us , be it other countries ( especially those who were lucky enough to avoid decades of socialist brainwashing ) or incoming masses of migrants/refugees . 
  in other words , it is n't plain xenophobia , but self-reliance and defiance against external influences . 
  as for the quota issue ; we mainly oppose it because we are n't as wealthy , and we hate the idea that we are expected to try to give refugees a decent life outlook they want ( at a minimum on a level as what they had back in syria ) , when in fact we ca n't provide that for a large percent of our own citizenship . 
  it should be also noted that we do n't see a lot of foreigners around as muc as we people do ; we do n't ( ca n't ) travel as much and we obviously did n't have large migrant populations so far . 
  the problems of distant people seem more distant to us . 
  a lot more could be said about the cultural divide still existing after the iron curtain , but one thing is sure ; it ca n't be changed in a year or two . 
  that 's all for now , guys . 
   it 's more yo , a few years ago we had your back , how come you do n't have the back of some syrian refugees ? 
  1 ) you talk about gipsy support groups ; i 'm sure no ethnically native ee people asked or required that from we in regards to our gipsies . 
  we know it 's a hard thing to deal with them , why would we expect we to help them and be thankful for them ? 
  to be honest , most of ee people do n't consider gipsies their `` brethren '' , as in , yes they are fellow citizens legally , but not fellow countrymen . 
  2 ) syrians are more far culturally from ee people than ee people are from we people . 
  that 's a concern here . 
  3 ) we are not as wealthy , and we hate the idea of providing free stuff ( housing , quality food , legal help etc. ), 
  to unidentified ( and often ungrateful and entitled ) people from faraway places , when in fact we ca n't give such stuff to a large percentage to our own citizenship .
