  * wishing * to get more money is natural , but there 's a limit of what can you * expect * from your life/city/country / continent/planet . 
  for example , i 'm not sad i ca n't have an uhd television . 
  we all have to cut a little bit from our expectations , especially in eastern and central europe . 
  besides , after decades of communism , it 's natural that we do n't have a northern european-style economy and society ... our people seem to forget our history and its implications ... 
  and yet merkel said `` we accept all incoming margarita pizza '' but `` please europeans , check them while they are at you before you let them through '' , cue hungary and the czech republic being fucked . 
  i 'd like to reply coherently , but i ca n't do that for incoherent drivel . 
  i 'm not either `` purple-born '' ( bravo for that translation ) or espceially patriotic , but thank you . 
  oh my god , this is so shitty !, 
  it 's totally inhumane !, 
  nazi camp !!, 
   and publishes porn that makes even a dutchman blush german semi-amateur girls . 
  oh i can agree with your sentiment , these syrians are in for a nasty culture shock . 
  so yeah , shit is happening in central europe . 
   east european central . 
  i had to . 
  so germany now ordered a truckful of pizza and they sort it out later which one have mushrooms , right ? 
  without having a large enough refrigerator . 
  how about not mixing govt communication with the general population ? 
  what about orb\u00e1n ? 
  he can be a dick , but he 's far from a dictator as western media says . 
  he 's a misguided patriot , if anything . 
  not like we have any chance of becoming a police state in even 30 years . 
  we do n't even have much problem with asians . 
  roma on the other hand ... that 's complex . 
  if these people would n't treat us as a shithole country , and do n't force on our society their religion ( i 'm not religious ) , we could accept them quite well . 
  in reasonable numbers . 
   many of these people already spent years in refugee camps in turkey . 
  source ? 
  what dignity they lack in hungary ? 
  tthe fact that we * ca n't * host them in cozy hotels ? 
   everyone in eastern europe wants to move to germany for better living . 
  including hungarians . 
  another hungarian acting as if hungary was an utter shithole along with eastern europe . 
  no wonder our country * will * be a shithole if these kinds of people grow in numbers . 
  at least you do n't call us racist nazis , that 's good . 
  it 's not like we all think this is a shitty place to be abandoned . 
  london , lol , guys there wash dishes . 
  yeah , they get way more wage for that , and ? 
  they are among a bunch of other immigrant workers who are viewed as a social caste by native brits . 
   if a migrant 's family is stuck in italy and they are stuck in hungary , a eu redistribution program that allows them to reunite and then gain residence status in , say , lithuania , will be gladly accepted . 
  fat chance , my compassionate friend . 
  poor , poor , * war refugees * desperately trying to save their life and their family from * grave danger * . 
  in other news : hungary is a fascist , neo-nazi , brutal police state , and all hungarians are xenophobic racist scum trying to keep up international , eu and local laws . 
  i did n't know we are trying to fed them pesticide dude . 
  if we storm the train , we are nazis . 
  if we let them lock themselves in the train and do a hunger protest , we are nazis . 
  did n't you know we are nazis ? 
  yeah , you have to constantly give and give and give to assholes , right ? 
  these migrants are getting more and more agressive and entitled just because we keep up international , eu , and fucking local law !, 
  the police here has to be * very * careful or else we 'll be called the new nazi state by pretty much half of the world ... 
   anyone in the eu already has the right to go wherever they please to seek a better life sure yes , they can , schengen . 
  does schengen makes you entitled to housing , a monthly allowance , social aid , various kinds of political , legal and moral protection , and would it make you showered in free food and huge international sympathy ? 
  jackshit , homeless people die on a daily basis , but nobody gives a shit because they do n't flee from a war zone . 
  oh well if a war would break out in hungary , and i would feel terrorized , i 'd go to austria or slovakia ( slovakia is n't really better than hungary and some of them do hate hungarians ) , not to sweden or germany as my first choice . 
  my first thought would n't be `` which country is the wealthiest '' or `` which country i can get a job sooner '' . 
  but we are all different alright . 
  europe is not an endless money resource . 
  give me a break . 
  should we house them where , give them what amount of money , and talk them how so they do n't feel desperate outside germany or sweden ? 
  or only these countries are able to make them less desperate ? 
  i do n't believe in desperation olympics , as i do n't believe in oppression olympics either , sorry ... 
  the current situation as i see is that all these people ( now not just syrians ) get a free pass to wander across europe and claim a vastly better life . 
  the reason we are lenient ? 
  because war/poverty . 
  but anyone inside the eu can die in a poorer country since nobody gets the same `` humane '' treatment as these desperate people fleeing . 
  and anybody questioning anything about this is called a heartless nazi . 
  meeting different people and cultures has been the main reason behind travelling . 
  to experience other customs and ways of life which you are not used to . 
  obviously i 'm not saying that human suffering * must * be a part of an interesting human world . 
  however , the homogenic multiculturality that many people advocate , would make things boring . 
  the culture we have is based on ethnicities and nation-states . 
  in the us , in the big cities , basically authentic chinese food is a 10 minute walk from you . 
  i do n't want europe to become that sort of noble melting pot , whereas every country should represent all of humanity . 
  trying to help ? 
  how ? 
  throwing them on the train tracks because the train wo n't go through the border into austria ? 
  all we ask is these guys register ( eu laws we were told to keep up ) and then they could leave for whatever country they want . 
  nobody denies the claims of legitime refugee seekers in europe . 
  but by this time , the majority of people say that nobody should ask for anything from these people , no documents , no paperwork , no registration . 
  we should just let them in en masse and help them go through all of europe ( while giving them free food and medicine because we are told so ) , so they can reach one specific country . 
  all while they are n't thankful and think of our less wealthy countries as shitholes . 
  and if we ask why it is that one specific country they want , we are called nazi . 
  oh well fuck it , i burn down my house , i destroy my id , and claim refugee status as a syrian . 
  i might even succeed . 
  sometimes even russians can behave , amitire ? 
  this time they are just fighting , but not occupying anything . 
   euro have enougt economical power to support these people we do n't have enough economic power to support all our own goddamn people !, 
  borders are what keeps fucking isis where they are . 
  borders are borders for reasons . 
  europe should just accept any and all economic migrants ? 
  should we just allow literally all poor africans to walk over here ? 
  are you insane ? 
  do you want the society in europe to collapse ? 
  they . 
  to register . 
  in hungary . 
  anyway . 
  then they can leave for germany , because that 's what germany wants . 
  you are even more far , across some pond , mate . 
  no guidelines needed , he implies she was choosen to be very sympathetic to viewers .
