  that 's all i wanted to post here as a last remark , i 'm over and out , have a nice day . 
  -- a `` monster '', 
  i ca n't remember anything along these lines , good to know . 
  oh well , finland is free to join the visegr\u00e1d group once we decide with the bros we want to expand !, 
  we would welcome the baltics and you guys . 
  well we might agree that it 's a different level of calling someone a * nazi/racist * for an opinion and calling someone a * communist/liberal * for an opinion . 
  the former accuses you of being an indecent monster of a human ( i.e. 
  subhuman ) who 's opinion should be disregarded by every decent , humanistic person , the latter accuses you of being an idealistic idiot with too soft of a heart for fellow humans . 
  i think it 's objectively clear which insult carries more * weight * when thrown around as a baseless slur in arguments . 
  as in , being an idealist should n't supposed to be morally wrong , but being a supporter of nazism/racism/xenophobia should supposed to be . 
  yep . 
  well i ca n't think of any non-western eu member gaining the western lifestyle they wish for . 
  western as in not having experienced authoritarian socialism in the 20th century . 
  as the former happiest barrack in the eastern bloc , hungary joined in 2004 , and things have n't changed as much as we hoped . 
  it got better in areas , and it 's a relatively good thing to be a full-fledged ( schengen , though no euro ) member of the eu , but do n't expect too much from it , or it will be a bit sour . 
  at least we got to build a lot of shit from eu funds and now have decent consumer protection laws . 
  every side has its share of lunatics and radicals but only one side has the shaming tactics to use the words `` nazi '' , `` fascist '' , `` islamophobic '' , '' `` racist '' and `` xenophobic '' in a demeaning and devaluing remark even when there is no foundation to such accusations . 
  those are heavy accusations against a person 's character and integrity . 
  guess which side gets to use these lovely words . 
  it 's not the side that likes germany as a german place with german customs or hungary as a hungarian place with hungarian customs . 
   what i see the eu as is an opportunity to bring western standards of living and way of life into serbia . 
  i 'm sorry , but that wo n't happen . 
  trust me , i 'm hungarian . 
  can serbia into eu ? 
  in theory , yes , capitalism works like that , but the moment when basically every price goes up to include the cost of the climate change , will be the moment where every country will face massive riots and destabilization . 
  so , considering that humans are not theoretical automatons , it is moot to advocate purely theoretical solutions to the problems in a capitalistic world . 
   and greed is bad because ... ? 
  because the universe has finite resources , ultimately . 
  since we ca n't achieve the state of everyone getting everything they want given they are greedy , therefore having greed is not ideal . 
  i agree that wanting more is natural , it 's part of being a human . 
  but something being natural does n't mean it 's automatically sensible or morally good , that 's a naturalistic fallacy . 
  ( edit : typo ), 
  sarcasm is dripping too much there , herr doldenberg . 
  i am in no way implyed i seek the confirmation there is a wide , possibly violent rift in german society about the migration issue . 
  i still hold that too many media outlets are downplaying how much percentage of germans disagree with merkel 's migration policies these days and how the open and vocal `` willkommenskultur '' of the average joes in august and september faded . 
  you ca n't disagree that criticizing the irregular migration or the migrants themselves as a whole carries a social stigma in germany and criticizers risk their humanity being questioned at least . 
  as if humanity is determined solely by your stance on immigration and refugee policy ... 
  lack of reindeers and joulupukki , mate . 
  everyone loves those . 
  finland has better pr for sure !, 
  and we did n't made legendary cellphones ... 
  depends on how you define * fail * . 
  we did n't let through hundreds of thousands of random people on our territory , and by this , we spared a lot of hungarian people from a lot of ( partially futile ) work , annoyance and expense . 
  so if you ask the average hungarian , if they are n't ardent social democrats or have a soft heart , they wo n't say we failed miserably . 
  i admit that orb\u00e1n blows the crisis out of proportion with this `` saving christian europe '' rhetoric ( i 'm an agnostic atheist ) , but i do believe that muslims are harder to integrate simply because of how much our cultures and beliefs differ in general . 
  in this sense , i sort of agree with refusing quotas and not wanting to settle migrants . 
  refugees are handled unfair , but with this kind of influx , you either go the germany way and get overwhelmed , or treat refugees unfair and spare yourself getting overwhelmed . 
  not that our international reputation took it well , but whatever . 
  so long story short , yes , what hungary did was n't that great at all , but building that fence and patrolling the border was a good idea which i can agree with . 
  the protection of the hungarian and thus , the outer schengen border in itself is far from a miserable fail . 
  the wider european context in which it happens , is a miserable failure though . 
  yes , it 's funny how many americans see anything to do with `` socialism '' ( as in , caring more about society as a whole instead of yourself ) as the antithesis of what the good ol' states are . 
  as a hungarian i especially find it funny when americans call stuff or people `` socialists '' and fear that the us might become a socialist country with dictators and oppression and stuff . 
  they have no idea what is socialism , communism and why it became what it became in europe . 
  like this obamacare stuff , i find it weird that universal healthcare is seen as anti-freedom by many ( i 'm looking at you , texans ) , because * i 'm not gon na pay shit for others * , but in europe it is seen as a beneficial feature of a modern state , and it is even maintained by right-wing/conservative governments , not just left-wing , progressive social democrats , the so-called `` socialists '' . 
  there 's a difference between oppressive , authoritarian socialism which is corrupted by power , and socialism aiming to better society and help other people . 
  ( however idealistic and unrealistic that is ... ) but this is the difference between us and european politics ; the us population in general has no idea about what is or what could be socialism in practice . 
  or that right-wing , conservative parties can and will introduce taxes and govt regulations . 
  or even hate speech laws , heh . 
   and there 's just forest . . actually i do n't see why an iraqi/syrian hates all those forests . 
  after all those brown rocks and yellow sand it must be a vivid change of life to encounter finnish forests as far as the eye can see !, 
  i just hope that these people will stay there and not decide to do the same awkward journey again if shit hits the fan again ... 
   and they seem to communicate in a highly sophisticated language the best linguists in the world can not figure out . 
  is that so ? 
  okay then , as a hungarian , i would be up for the challenge to try understanding it . 
  i thought of something i should n't have thought of . 
  i got a new life goal now . 
   honestly this is good , it dwindles the fake refugees from the real ones . 
  i 'd prefer that people wo n't go through europe before they are sorted out or sort out themselves , so to speak . 
  or else we ( governments ) are expected to pay their expenses and pamper them because of human rights , on the premise that they are * possibly * legitimate refugees and not welfare tourists shopping for a country with good welfare system . 
  because goofy , pessimistic , and introverted finns !, 
   i 'm really , really wondering what sort of fairy tales the traffickers told them . 
  i 'd love to see interviews with refugees and migrants about what they expected and what they got , maybe after all this dust settles . 
  would be a funny read , and probably a bestseller in a couple of european countries ... 
  they are curiously silent on the matter . 
  for some reason . 
  and as we all know , that 's a fair comparison . 
  i mean police asking you to actually follow the law and register the fuck yourself as a refugee in the eu is on the same level as being transported to a death camp in cattle wagons and then being gassed with zyklon-b in showers . 
  some people would agree that it 's actually a * fair * comparison . 
  and yet hungarians are expected not to be upset about this . 
   by then merkels reputation as a great humanist is probably cemented . 
  hurray for the slow deterioration of living standards for german citizens who actually care about being german . 
   come to europe come to germany or sweden maybe . 
  i fixed it for ya . 
   no , they will continue to come to germany ( or sweden ) . 
  so good to see an actual german who dares to express their disapproval of this clusterfuck . 
  in hungary , basically every media outlet with any relation to the left-wing still tries to paint orb\u00e1n 's govt as the most nazi government ever because of the handling of this migration . 
  they agree that the significant majority of germans are still welcoming of migrants and that only neonazi lunatics riot against them . 
  ah , i plan to start the * media portrayal of the european migrant crisis * article on the english wikipedia ( and the same with the politics ) , somehow it still lacks key aspects of this clusterfuck ... 
  even better , we are fascist , xenophobic werewolfs from pluto who are coprophilic and who loves garlic muffins . 
  because we put up some fence near our borders on our own sovereign territory . 
  `` refugee '' arrivals wo n't reduce in germany until shit gets done on europe 's borders and everyone starts to actually filter the flow somehow . 
  i do n't want to point at my flair , but at macedonians , who finally started to sort out stuff , no matter the bawwing at their border . 
  and no , distributing `` germany , germany '' and `` finland is too cold for me , i wan na go back to syria '' people to all eu states is n't a bright idea to stem any flow , it just helps to relieve a few select countries . 
  ( especially germany , who can be grateful to merkel for their current 1mill + clusterfuck situation . ), 
   per child spending puts america in the top 5 that does n't mean us students are in the top 5 too . 
  the bbc , the guardian , the new york times , many mainstream outlets did multiple articles and reports about the migrant crisis and i doubt you never saw any article either stating or heavily implying the above . 
  because sensible people do n't like risking giving money to freeloaders , tricksters and abusers of the system ? 
  yeah , well , for many of them , finland is the last destination on their european roundtrip , but they get all chilly and want to go back to syria ... 
  in general , the people ending up in finland went through : turkey , greece , bulgaria/macedonia , serbia , hungary/croatia-slovenia , austria , germany , denmark , sweden .
