then , what is your great idea to handle thousands of incoming `` refugee claimants '' while respecting their humanitarian needs , while they collectively act how they act ? 
  how should the lawbreakers to be dealt with if everybody cries wolf at the sight of a baton or a water cannon ? 
  how can a country be prepared to handle such an influx who do not wish to comply with authorities ? 
  i do n't find it representative that pretty much almost all pro-refugee article opens with a crying/sad child or woman , and not with , for example , a group shot of the refugees . 
  meanwhile whole countries get described as fascists or xenophobes . 
  media is n't biased to make people view all of these people as desperate , poor victims ? 
  i think it is . 
  as for selectively passing on information , mass media passes on everything related to the plight of the refugees , but they barely mention that , for example , riot police officers get hurt . 
  because they are nazis i guess , if they agree to hold back a rioting mass of refugees wanting to forcefully cross * through * hungary without any intention to cooperate with authorities or to obey domestic law . 
   i do n't recall them having to be resettled , they were n't turned away and there were n't fights about who would take it how many . 
  they were n't as many in numbers and so it did n't caused trouble to be settled and problem to be solved . 
   also there are n't millions of refugees moving through europe right now you 're great exaggerating germany expects 800.000-1 .000.000 immigrants this year , and that 's only germany . 
  also they syrian civil war wo n't end at christmas , the refugee camps around syria are full , and so we will easily cross the 1 million mark next spring . 
  who knows what will be the exact number , considering syria 's population and the other war-torn countries in the middle east and africa . 
   if poland and other ee countries feel blackmailed they should leave . 
  if you feel your boss ( i.e. 
  the guy that signs your pay check ) is blackmailing , find a new job . 
  compares the eu 's western countries to a boss paying the eastern countries to do their `` job '' . 
  this is pathetic , but funny in a way . 
   refugees are under an obligation to act according to rules and laws the same as anybody else , they are not under an obligation to not whine or to be grateful . 
  why not ? 
  legally , they are n't obligated , yes . 
  morally , why they should n't be thankful for the help they get ? 
  just because said help is legally mandated ? 
  it does n't help their cause if they complain and demand more than what is legally mandated by treaties and conventions , especially in the case of less wealthy host nations . 
  yet some countries are criticised and vilified in the international media for not providing well enough to stop refugees complaining . 
  even if countries like germany and sweden get complaints from refugees . 
   we only want what is our right by law , we only want what the local citizens want . 
  no law says you should get a house you personally like . 
  of course you have needs and you can have wishes , as every other human being , but all of you ca n't get all of what you wish for . 
  all of our native-born citizenship wo n't get all of it either . 
  while this is bad for you and me , we , already living here , do n't mass-protest against this perceived injustice and do n't wave around banners saying * give us freedom * just because we do n't get to use ipads and we do n't get a two-storey cozy house to our leisure . 
   so no , we do not have luxuries . 
  do we want them ? 
  yes . 
  everyone has the right to luxuries , even the poor in your country . 
  everyone has the right to * want * luxuries . 
  nobody has the right to * get * luxuries for free . 
  enjoying luxuries like visiting a cinema is n't a universal human right . 
  food and housing might be , not luxuries . 
  no human has a right for a non-monotonous , colorful life , you are on your own if you want to liven it up for yourself . 
   and if you have problems with the way things are in your country , then change them . 
  directing your anger to refugees/migrants/asylum seekers/economic migrants does n't help you . 
  the problem is , * every * single european country have poor people , homeless , jobless persons , including germany and sweden . 
  we ca n't even properly help them out of their misery . 
  but if you need to prioritize between giving * free * houses to your homeless citizens , or to refugees , i think every sane person would prefer their own people , especially since homeless citizens wo n't complain as much and would show more gratitude for getting a shelter for their life after living on the streets with no future . 
   i 've been in the refugee reception centres in the netherlands . 
  they 're like student accommodation . 
  it felt like a cheap hostel when on vacation . 
  the grim reality is that europe ca n't give a free two-story house to every and each migrant incoming whether they are desperate refugees or not . 
  riots are unavoidable it seems . 
  funny , i did n't remember that millions of angry hungarians stampeded through europe chanting about what they * want * or * deserve * . 
  and these hungarians certainly were thankful for help , not throwing stuff away and complaining about the assistance provided . 
  good luck finding an area of land in europe a ) where there are no racists in a 100 km radius , and b ) which is n't somewhere far away from anything we call civilisation . 
  by your standards , we ca n't house refugees anywhere in europe , because they are unhappy about racists being around , as with every other kind of human being . 
  * evict all the ( native-born ) berliners !, 
  * refugee housing problem solved . 
  because refugee status should n't be about getting a `` life replacement '' that your host country ca n't afford . 
   if you get islamophobia complaints , then your statements were about all muslims , most likely , explicitly or implicitly . 
  almost * anyone * arguing against doing * anything * to hold back these people or who question the legitimacy of their journey are called an islamophobist these days , fyi . 
  by the way , can you disagree that the * majority * of these people are , in fact , muslim ? 
  if someone talks about `` muslims '' in this refugee context , it 's not because they believe every one of them is muslim , but because the majority of them happen to be muslim . 
  ( no wonder . ), 
   they do n't need to be sympathetic . 
  they just need to recognize that this is simply people filing an asylum request , which is something we agreed they could in numerous treaties . 
  so because of treaties , there is literally nothing wrong with letting hundreds of thousands of people in a chain walk through your country , blocking international rail traffic , clogging up major highways by walking on them at night ( while also presenting a risk of a serious mass accident ) , i get it . 
  you seem to advocate that being a refugee claimant or candidate trumps pretty much any other concerns . 
  nothing wrong with letting thousands of people ( who are not citizens of europe ) literally walk across europe without requiring them to any sort of paperwork or any kind of examination . 
   they also need to keep a level head instead of letting other people scare them with out-of-context youtube videos selected to give the worst possible impression , and tendentious language describing refugees like `` masses stampeding around , rioting , blackmailing authorities with suicide and hunger protests . '', 
  how is `` selecting '' these videos any different than the practice of using images of crying children and sad women when portraying the refugees as a whole to gain sympathy ? 
  if showing these videos are considered manipulative , so is the majority of mainstream media articles which are pro-refugee and needlessly detail and rehash sad and grim details of the refugee 's flight . 
  ( bbc , new york times etc. , you name it . ), 
   when you criticize the media approach you wo n't get that . 
  when you use language to describe refugee candidates that could come from a nazi speech , on the other hand ... 
  i find it funny how you are implying i sound * just * like a nazi because i described what can be seen on select videos . 
  well , it might be unnerving to your mental gymnastics , but when i talk about these riots and stuff , i do n't generalize , but you have to be misguided to think that these sort of riots and demanding protests wo n't be more numerous in the coming months as europe ca n't satisfy all of these people . 
    by the way , did you know that islam is n't as open to our liberal european culture as we are to theirs ? 
   yep , you 're an islamophobe . 
  what the fuck has this to do with the refugee crisis ? 
  you are cute . 
  i do n't give a shit about neither christianity nor islam . 
  how can i be afraid of islam or muslims ? 
  that 's the definition of islamophobia . 
  i even have contact with an indonesian girl , who is , surprise surprise , a muslimah , and i , a supposed islamophobe , found her really pleasant and kind , so yeah ... ( and tolerant and open-minded ! ), 
  perhaps you noticed , as i already mentioned , the large majority of these * candidates * , as you refer to them , happen to be muslim . 
  if we look at this particular religion , we can state that it 's as anti-lgbt and anti-feminist as christianity , maybe worse , if we happen to look at the more religious people . 
  i 'm not saying that all refugees incoming are radicals or wahhabists or anything like that , a lot of them do n't have any problem with the humanist-oriented ideas we have here in europe ( for example pride marches ) , but it ca n't be argued that a significant percentage of muslims consider a lot of societal stuff we have here in highly secular europe to be against their religion ( for example commercial hardcore porn and gay marriage ) , and they are bound to advocate against them more or less . 
  facts ca n't be islamophobic , as far as i know . 
    heard about that letter advising middle school girls to not wear `` revealing clothes '' because the school is next to a temporary refugee camp ? 
  what would you call this , if not a request for us to adopt to their culture ? 
  they are just guests dammit , they are request asylum , not their old syrian life where there were n't any miniskirt-wearing teens around . 
   that 's just another proof of racist prejudice . 
  so your stance is that these people , in general , would be perfectly okay with how our women dress , in comparison to the customs in their homeland , and they would n't be offended and would n't complain , so this request was unfounded , entirely prejudiced and was n't made in good faith ? 
  ( edit : grammar ), 
  i understand that these refugees are scared and they lost their whole life which they had back in syria . 
  they are obviously desperate and they need help to get back into a decent life . 
  but there is a problem . 
  we europeans , ca n't magically give them their syrian lives back . 
  unfortunately they are all have to accept refugee camps , former barracks , fields of tents for now , because we can not give them comfortable and friendly-looking houses or apartmans right now . 
  no matter how hard we try , these are thousands of people who wo n't feel safe until they get their syrian life back , but no country can provide that to them .
