   the hardcore german political corectness heeey , dude , no , it 's * basic human decency * , dude . 
  the problem is that we all define `` regain control of the borders '' differently . 
  yes , yes , i 'm hungarian , i 'll shut up now , i know . 
  something we are famous for , yo . 
  the most brutal hyperinflation in world history , whereas bread was twice the price in the evening compared to the morning prices . 
  or something like that . 
  good , what we need is a universal charger all across europe . 
  the same with mobile phone billing while roaming . 
  * as for the electrical outlets on the other hand ... *, 
  say no to federalization and the dismantling of national cultural identities in europe . 
  the eu is n't for that kind of crap . 
  we have a 10,000-15 ,000 deficit apparently , population is just under 10 mil . 
  edit : we can offer shit wages and aging technology mostly from the 70s to the early 2000s . 
   another political fracture zone in europe , after north-south because of the euro , now west-east because of refugees . 
  i imagine that the west-east fraction to be along the lines of the iron curtain . 
  history and its effect on culture does n't help . 
  ( btw i 'm against what merkel did . ), 
   ( ... ) and any media that supports them . 
  the country 's number one tv channel , german-owned rtl klub bashes fidesz , the govt , orb\u00e1n and his supposed oligarchic friends on a daily basis in the evening news and other late night programmes . 
  a leftist magazine ( magyar narancs ) was published with a cover depicting orb\u00e1n with a hitler-moustache made from barbed wire . 
  so i do n't really agree with that `` restrict free media '' notion . 
  well , merry christmas europe , here 's a festive led tram for you folks : ( not this years , but budapest 's transport company did it this year too , it 's ganz uv rolling stock made in the 1950s ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdriock-17y, 
  hungary gives the gifts on the 24th too , at the evening . 
  no stupid boxing day here , the whole of 25th is free for eating another truckload of christmas bejgli to gain even more winter fat . 
  and so to complain about said extra fat before making a new year 's resolve to get slimmer next year . 
  business as usual . 
  these are the times i do n't like being hungarian , why ca n't we celebrate with hugeass bonfires like it is common in japan and finland ?!, 
  well , i mean , we do have bonfires on st. iv\u00e1n 's night ( = st. 
  john 's night , thanks slavs ) on june 23rd , but they are n't that popular in the general population , it 's more like a rural attraction or folk showoff now . 
  the main programme is n't even bonfires , it 's the `` firejumping '' , whereas girls , wait for it , jump over fire because of some arcane symbolism . 
  it was about time to stop making only white snowmen , estonia !, 
  now follow the path and let us see a snowwoman . 
  whew , that looks weird with those two ws ... 
  besides hungary has a black christmas too . 
  and it looks like there will be no snow in this year altogether ... 
  except once or twice in the past weeks whereas the mountain areas ( and as we all know , hungary is quite lacking in mountains ) got some snow for maybe a day or two , and there was occasional cases where a thiiin layer of remotely snow-like precipitation felt , which stayed for only few hours at most . 
  now i learned you guys call it a dark christmas . 
  we call it a black christmas . 
  which is arguably a better name for a black metal band , but for some reason , finland is way more into that . 
  geez , what 's finland without proper snow ? 
  at least on christmas ... ? 
   freedom of the press the press is so free in hungary that the no . 
  1 tv channel in the country ( rtl klub ) talks about fidesz , orb\u00e1n , and related people almost daily , mentioning everything they believe as abuses of power , corruption and useless spending of public money . 
  also , a left-wing related magazine printed an issue of theirs with a cover of orb\u00e1n having a hitler mustache made from barbed wire . 
  i do n't really see people 's rights being oppressed by the `` regime '' . 
  also , as for `` european values '' , yes , we sure could legalize gay marriage and such , and be seen as progressive and tolerant , but i do n't see a hard link between stuff like gay marriage and a booming economy . 
  by the way , why is that only a certain group of people get to define what are `` european values '' anyway ? 
  it seems like these supposed `` european values '' are ought to be the same as the `` american values '' hailed as the best ever value system yet . 
  i do n't think it 's social services and welfare . 
  i do n't consider myself a socialist nor a social democrat , i 'm rather conservative and on the right . 
  but as you noticed from my flair , i 'm hungarian , and thus trust me , i know what is socialism in practice , we had it . 
  americans are afraid of the mention of `` socialism '' because countries like us suffered from the authoritarian communist implementation of it . 
  but even i support universal healthcare , no matter how socialist it is in theory . 
  so in short , everyone is american . 
  well , everyone who believes that everyone else can be american . 
  geez that 's complicated . 
  but yes , if there is a totally individualistic society , it 's the us of a. 
  though that raises the issue of what makes american society a * society * instead of a mere collective of people who share some vague meta-idea of said collective ... well , let 's not get into that , thanks for the replies !, 
  well , in the foreseeable future , we wo n't really colonize anything outside our solar system ( at least not to a serious-resource-procuring extent ) , so we can say that for our foreseeable future , our resources are practically limited . 
  and the best resource we currently have is this muddy little globe we have . 
  you accuse a whole country ( nation , ethnicity ) of extremely negative things out of your metaphorical ass ? 
  does n't this remind you of something you accuse hungary of ? 
  no objective statistics , just hate speech ? 
  i wonder ... 
  i also wonder why budapest has around 18000 chinese people living and working here with minimal ethnic conflicts . 
  maybe because they are actually good at being decent , respectable people . 
  just as most hungarians you call a racist , dear sir . 
  by the way , i ca n't see you accusing poland , slovakia , the czech republic , slovenia , croatia , serbia , bulgaria or macedonia a racist shithole . 
  i thought most , if not all migrants did n't wanted to settle in these countries . 
  hell , they even wanted to avoid settling in austria and denmark . 
  wow , those two must be proud nsdap admirers too !, 
   i mean , would you be excited about giving a bunch more power to the us government ? 
  with all that international dragnet spying that the nsa does , * definitely * not , lol . 
  as for scial cohesion , yeah ... my impression is that the quintessential american values are along the lines of distrust of authority ( some might call it paranoia against anyone else wielding greater `` power '' ) and self-reliance . 
  gun rights perfectly fit into this ; after all , gun owners do n't have to be scared of anyone , since firearms equal power ; power usable against abused authority ( and criminals ) . 
  i tried to read about what it means being american ( since apparently it 's not citizenship what counts the most , and neither patriotism , lately ) , but it always confuses me with all that republicanism , the american dream , the search for happiness , and of course , the inmutable constitution ... 
  ah i remember you , you did an ama some weeks ago . 
  maybe you are not the right kind to do another ama again ( you were n't that misguided in the first place after all , neither you had conflicts with authorities i presume ) , but maybe you should consider it sometime . 
  well , good luck anyway . 
  technically yes , i presume . 
  but no person is `` rational enough '' to spare the universe and kill themselves , obviously . 
   thank orban for slowing it by doing the opposite of nearly every eu 's core proposals like what , refugee quotas ? 
  actually he 's right when he goes against federalization of power , as nation states can cooperate all well without relegating their powers and policies to a supranational bureaucratic clusterfuck . 
  is there any realistic chance any society can implement that `` proper capitalism '' in the foreseeable future ? 
  i think not . 
  what i meant is that i define non-western eu members as those countries which actually `` had experienced authoritarian socialism in the 20th century '' . 
  like hungary , romania , bulgaria , the baltics , and so on . 
  these countries are nowhere near the general british , french , german , italian or dutch lifestyle or living standards . 
  yeah , because * everyone * is a conspiracy nut who thinks that german media is biased right now . 
  side note , i do n't believe that reptilians or jew bankers control the world ; that 's funny shit . 
  there are a number of things wrong with right-wing politics , but you ca n't call it all wrong and immoral just because shitty people are among the followers . 
  no , having opinions does n't count as being a terrible human since there is such a thing as freedom of thought , besides , that would be hard to police/alter . 
  by the way , you might have noticed this , but following left-wing , liberal , humanistic , whatever ideologies does n't make one automatically a good person in every respect . 
  being a red cross volunteer does n't elevate one to a moral pedestal to dehumanize other people 's value depending on their opinions , for example . 
  and let 's just not pretend that only left-wing people can claim to know the objective truth . 
  as in what 's moral and what 's not ... 
  ultimately some fight for a perfect world where everything is perfect . 
  and then some believe there is no such thing as a perfect world and it 's futile to dedicate their whole worldview to fight for that vision . 
  for some reason , the former believe in respecting every opinion as long as it does n't conflict with theirs . 
  the latter do the same , except they do n't pretend beforehand that every opinion should be valued .
