  also , eastern and central european post-communist societies are fed up with foreign influences telling them what to do and what to adapt to . 
  it 's the effect of a socialist society forced on the people from moscow ; in general , we do n't give a fuck about what others expect from us , be it other countries ( especially those who were lucky enough to avoid decades of socialist brainwashing ) or incoming masses of migrants/refugees . 
  in other words , it is n't plain xenophobia , but self-reliance and defiance against external influences . 
  left-wing liberals wo n't ever comprehend this unfortunately . 
  just call us if you need help with that , deutschland . 
   the eu is n't to blame for this crisis whatsoever . 
  it 's lazy , introvert countries with no sense of solidarity or cooperation or even a sense of responsibility to implement effective action that are causing this crisis . 
  what . 
  the . 
  solution . 
  to adopt ? 
  these so-called refugees do n't want to do * anything * with countries other than their choosen destination ? 
  what unified , selfless coordination of europe would have helped all these entitled migrants who do n't give a shit about anything except wanting a `` german life '' in germany or a `` swedish life '' in sweden ? 
  the funny thing is that mama merkel still wants to spread them all over the eu when in fact these people only want to be in germany , the promised land . 
  ... except one or two govts who shrug off being called fascist/neo-nazi/racist / xenophobic . 
  * cough * well at least we try . 
   once you 've entered hungary ha . 
  haha . 
  entering hungary !, 
   some people just simply want higher wages and less taxes which is weird this is basically our curse in hungary . 
  i believe that people want to live a decent life , but a lot of people here ca n't do anything else than aping how the `` west '' gives 3x-4x-5x-10x more than the wage here and that they `` ca n't live '' in hungary . 
  and then they go on demanding both more wage and less taxation , but both ca n't happen at the same time . 
  actually i would n't mind them going abroad and living there if they would n't talk like shit about our native country , like it 's a third-world shithole ... 
  i 'm not going to argue for anything here , but let 's just say that age of consent is a damn hard thing to define . 
  partly because nobody gains the psychological insight after waking up to their nth birthday . 
  and then we have dumbfucks who want to ban lolicon manga and anime because ... well , they depict `` children '' . 
  yeah , nonexistent children with unreal proportions . 
  it 's almost like some people believe in thoughtcrimes . 
  i 'm not who calls a gun just a `` tool '' all the time . 
  i would be if i would be a gun-happy american , they call it just a tool to shoot projectiles . 
  a blowtorch , a chainsaw , a nailgun , a gun , a car , a lot of stuff can kill you accidentally , does n't mean you are a survivor of an accident involving them just because you happened to be in the vicinity , moron . 
  germans actually recognize the nature of the problem and try to do something about it other than mindless demonizing . 
  i ca n't believe what a minefield is even mentioning pedophilia , and how absurdly the word is thrown around ( i 'm looking at you , americans ) when people express any sort of passing interest or appreciation of even teenagers . 
  maybe all those fictious lolicon manga are n't that bad at all if it 's about urges and controlling them . 
  of course , for some , even reading that means you must be an evil monster keen to hurt children . 
  edit : typos, 
  still , you imply they should n't shoot a warning shot if there is anything nearby . 
  in pitch dark , and given the situation , the guard did n't do anything wrong . 
  yeah , because we have n't seen majority muslim people here in the previous 2 months , nah ... 
  they have been all kosovars speaking arabic and urdu !, 
  also , seen unhcr or frontex data ? 
  those are n't `` orbanized '' , do n't worry . 
  there 's an if ... we can agree syrians , being muslims , have a different worldview than christian/atheist germany ( and europe ) . 
  and not just because of islam . 
  that entire region has different views and values about a lot of things . 
  if so , why are european nations told to accept quotas ? 
  let 's try who can and who can not take refugees in reality ? 
  refugee status should n't be about a cozy house and nifty welfare anyway ... 
   she has been repeatedly on air saying that the eu outer borders have to be controlled more tightly yeah , great , what she means by `` control '' is to get them registered and preferably slow them dwn so german authorities can catch a breath . 
  but if we build a fence and actually make it possible to cross the border only via legal means ? 
  that 's against european values and human rights !, 
  now tell me , how the fuck schengen outer borders should be protected if not by a goddamn fence ? 
  i did n't expect that all the commenters would be experienced drug users who would legalize mdma and other substances ... 
  but well , it 's life , off i go . 
  and we get told these are educated people , ready to work in jobs requiring skills ... 
  but no free moniez , no hausing , has to do paperwork , wo n't get free legal and medical help after the trip ... 
  even as an eu citizen ... :(, 
  but no free moniez and hausing ... 
  you ca n't comprehend that they are n't entitled to be given asylum in their wealthy country of choice ? 
  fuck the unhcr , it is impossible for germany and sweden to host all these `` refugees '' just because they have the best welfare systems according to the refugees . 
  germany itself wants the quota system to share the burden . 
  we either allocate them to the countries we choose , or let them swarm their few countries of choice . 
  if they refuse a perfectly livable country because it does n't have the absolutely best welfare system , then they are n't pitiable war refugees , simple as that . 
   romania and bulgaria no offense , romania and bulgaria . 
  any other workable idea to handle ungrateful fucks calling themselves refugees ? 
  no , there is n't . 
  and so what ? 
  what to do with people who only want to live in x country ? 
  let them swarm x country ? 
  x country must be happy . 
  `` quotas will be the solution . '', 
  - every party to the left . 
  yeah it works greatly . 
  polan plz let eston join nordik . 
  what if people from other war zones try to go to germany because it 's open attitude ? 
  africa has some war-torn regions with a few million people in and around ... also , when other people who are n't refugees ( i.e. 
  economic migrants from shitty areas ) jump on this `` refugee bandwagon '' , germany ( and probably the transit countries too ) will be overwhelmed just by feeding and housing them `` humanely '' while they are processed and kicked out according to the laws . 
  it 's so important that merkel herself said it is the beginning of a new germany , it will be hard , etc. 
  not just the number what counts , these immigrants will form a subsociety and it might be incompatible to what your average german thinks . 
  what they plan right now does n't mean much . 
  why they want a germany-level life if they plan to return to syria ? 
  why not italy ? 
  why not austria ? 
  why all the `` germany , germany ! '', 
  mentality if you do n't care about permanently settling in a good place ? 
  yes , they want to return , they think like that now . 
  ask them in a few years , when syria is still a bombed-to-hell shithole , and they set up a cozy life and community here . 
  i doubt they would leave their new german life for a bombed out syria , even if the war will stop somehow . 
  or in syrian soil . 
  well , i do n't know , maybe because they are all keen on berlin ? 
  they are sheltered there and in a few bigger cities . 
  wait for them , if you are so eager to see them . 
  hopeless , shameless asylum seekers , that is . 
  many are only theoretically asylum seeker , they know they are n't eligible , but try anyway . 
   they can move anywhere in the eu . 
  not that they do n't walk around europe right now without having literally any papers ... 
  you are gravely mistaken if you think that the migrants flooding europe and germany are mostly from balkan countries and that there is no real migrant crisis to speak about . 
  wilkommenskultur at its best . 
  come , dear middle easterners and africans friends , for any reason . 
  we sort out you later , and we will give some of you deportation orders , which wo n't be enforced .
