  um , too bad being against unchecked mass migration across europe is apparently racism if we ask very good-hearted people . 
  good luck with 28 + countries with various government parties agreeing on one single , european approach . 
  we ca n't even agree what is the actual problem to solve . 
  no , police should n't protect anything , not even their life . 
  give us a break now . 
  yeah , to think that merkel is nominally fronting a christian conservative party ... 
  if germany would have the proper lefty parties in power they would now had twice the amount of unchecked migrants ... 
  ... and no gates were harmed or rocks were thrown !, 
   the whole of german media and their daughter companies elsewhere ... rtl klub reported on this only on the next day , and their point was that `` poor , helpless refugees got teargassed by police because macedonia still wo n't let every poor refugee in '' , coupled with shots of screaming and crying children and women in front of tv cameras , among clouds of teargas . 
  the coverage barely mentioned the gate being assaulted and torn down , only with short footage , as a sideshow . 
  no word or footage about the rock throwing and the battering of the gate . 
  it 's unbelievable propaganda in the name of '' solidarity '' . 
  * many are fleeing from the absence of monies . 
  kek , sweden was never a police state . 
  trust me , i 'm hungarian , and state security here did n't need govt-issued numbers to have `` talks '' with you in dark basements . 
  i wonder if australia or the us is more shittier in terms of telco systems and pricing ... 
  they live on controversies , and they did talk about the balkan situation pretty much every evening the previous week , and then suddenly , no mention of migrants at all ... 
  the slavic members not , but we do . 
  besides , the general idea is a central european alliance of sorts , so we could avoid being tossed around by either us/western european or russian interests . 
  you probably have n't realized that both jobbik and its supporters are a mixed bag . 
  it 's not like jobbik would be the nsdap of the 21th century even if some of their high ranking members are nwo believers . 
  if you think so lowly of the country , you might stop ever talking hungarian in your new paradise , and might as well stop identifying as a hungarian . 
  no need to feel ashamed , you can forget it . 
  yeah , poor hungarians who care not only about themselves and actually can stand blaming their misery on an abstract concept such as `` that country '' . 
  got ta love self-proclaimed wise guys who see into the future and can declare countries dooooomed . 
  please feel free to make the us/uk a better place by adding your unique snowflakiness to the potpourri . 
  wha ... austria , is that you ? 
  not much : rtl klub ( general channel , left leaning , really pissed at orb\u00e1n since the new media law , basically shittalking fidesz/kdnp/govt staff every evening now , besides , deutsche rtl is parent , so lol ) -- no single mention about the incident , even though they bashed r\u00f6szke and talked about the balkan stuff last day tv2 ( general channel , considered to be somewhat close to fidesz , but behind rtl in viewers ) -- i do n't know , probably they mentioned it m1/duna ( news/general channel , state broadcasters , m1 actually has reporters at multiple countries since this shit started , of course called state propaganda tv by the leftist opposition parties ) -- it was broadcast live with reporter commentary atv ( general news & talk channel , left leaning , pretty much mszptv ) -- no idea ... h\u00edrtv ( general news & talk channel , right leaning , but at odds with fidesz people now ) -- no idea ... echo tv ( general news & talk channel , slightly far right leaning , some jobbik people have appearances ) -- no idea ... 
  how else could the media film crying children and women gassed by brutal police forces ? 
  ^ never ^ mind ^ that ^ ^ young ^ ^ migrant ^ ^ men ^ ^ purposefully ^ ^ started ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ assault ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ border ^ ^ ^ police ^ ^ ^ across ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ border ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ rocks ... 
  i bet there are a fair amount of supporters around , armed with banners , merkel printouts , detailed evasion maps , translations , guides to trick authorities , and i 'm sure they would be more then happy to help these migrants tear down/cut through any border they encounter ... irrespective of any law ... goddamn these trash traitors do exist and call themselves enlightened europeans ... 
  so riot police using riot gear against rioters is inhumane now ... 
  so all those football hooligans are treated inhumanely after every single match ... 
  besides it 's not like macedonia used chemical weapons of mass destruction , they used non-lethal force . 
  ~ ~ white girls ~ ~ white sluts there , ftfy . 
  not relevant political sidetalk . 
  they are hungarians anyway . 
  dude , there is n't even a dvd release . 
  yeah yeah yeah . 
  hungary is on a level of a shitty african country and hundreds of people starve to death weekly . 
  there is a difference between a neonazi party and a party having a number of neonazi fans and/or members . 
  but if you think that this country is such a `` shithole '' than stop complaining and shittalking about it and gtfo to london or new york . 
  brain drain is a problem , yes ... 
  but i 'd point at kontroll and liza , the fox-fairy lately . 
  i guess it 's cheaper to produce , and besides back in the communist days we did n't have a better idea . 
  there was no uht , so milk was consumed within days , thus no need for a regular bottle involving more complex machinery and more/different material . 
  ( i 'm not sure since when we had milk cartons , but cartons are probably more expensive anyway . ), 
  there is ... no ... `` european '' solution . 
  just because merkel dislikes something it does n't make it un-european . 
  my god , these idealists ... we can not resettle half of the middle east and north africa in europe . 
  this is n't about xenophobia , it 's basic sense . 
  besides people would n't like being relocated to countries they find shitty . 
  yeah , they are pitiable poor souls . 
  but we , europeans , however civilised , have to draw a goddamn line and enforce a hard limit or not just migrants , but the eu itself will be dead and would end up in flames . 
  apparently intelligence/military officials said there is growing activity near the romanian border . 
  it might be referring to people ( probably smugglers surveying ) on serbian territory , close to the tripoint . 
  but the serb section is now getting a sharp upward spike in the number of trespassers . 
  anyway , better be safe than sorry . 
  desperate bankrobbers are still criminals by law . 
  thankfully ... 
  battle no . 
  2 in fact . 
  they will be lovely bartenders and translators !, 
  maybe ... there are other countries to take refuge in other than germany or sweden ... 
  they should have figured out that germany/sweden alone ca n't titfeed half of the people in the miserable parts on earth . 
  yet they still chant `` germany , germany '' or `` sweden , sweden '' even if they know there is 1 mill + of them fucking around in said countries . 
  sanity is called nazism ... 
  sadly . 
  rtl klub had nothing to say about the incident in the evening news . 
  they went gaga at r\u00f6szke though , with all them `` poor refugee kids and women being teargas 'd '' and whatnot . 
  leftist media , haha ... rtl klub ( no . 
  1 tv station ) literally said nothing , nothing about the macedonian border in the evening news . 
  they went lunatic when `` cruel '' police hurted `` poor '' refugees at r\u00f6szke ... well , they went on a full blown anti-orb\u00e1n , anti-right mission since orb\u00e1n tried the new media law making them pay more ... 
  but this lack of coverage ... 
  mind blown . 
  speaking of media , i 'm shocked . 
  rtl klub , the number one tv channel in hungary , said literally nothing about the border incident in the evening news . 
  it was their usual tract of fidesz-related bashing , talking about corruption , minor factual errors regarding some old church in a facebook post made by a former government official , about how orb\u00e1n is a lunatic lier according to all opposition parties on the left ... and guzzling about the oscars . 
  but no mention that violent migrants attacked macedonian police ... 
  they were on the spot when the poor refugees were shot with teargas and water cannons at r\u00f6szke last september ... maybe there was n't enough women and children around for them this time ? 
  and then ... 5 get into germany easier . 
  6 claim asylum while showing footage . 
  8 monies !, 
  they flee from the absence of monies . 
  seems like id cards are like age of consent laws or child naming laws . 
  each country 's citizens believe their position is absolutely fine and would be legally/socially risky to change , even if other countries have radically different ideas . 
  like our naming law is unimaginable in the united states of rights , but nobody bats an eyelash here that we ca n't name our kids anything we want . 
  the same with the age of consent , which is 14 here , and thus for many us people , we are a country of gross , misguided paedos . 
  aaand we do have govt-issued identity cards with photos ... and hate speech laws ... where 's muh freedom and privacy ? 
  ( oh and bestiality is n't outlawed . ), 
  well processing is getting slower and slower everywhere along the way . 
  and then when hungarian riot police got enough of being hit with rocks , and replied with tear gas and water cannons while staying on the hungarian side of the border ... and r\u00f6szke was n't even a main crossing point anymore at that time , only a few hundred migrants stayed there to cross into hungary . 
  i think number 5 will be taken by either estonia or finland . 
  most hungarians at least dislike or try to avoid roma . 
  by `` western standards '' , this is apparently racism , a sin which tosses one into a moral black hole . 
  what i see is that the great old democratic `` west '' criticizes post-communist societies left and right while not experiencing 40 + years of communist rule . 
  like how the v4 is declared the immoral black sheep these days who are not worthy of the membership of such an enlightened and civilised place such as the european union . 
  let 's exert political and financial pressure on them because muh ideals !, 
  and then let us build a road-rail bridge to connect it to our great mother continent . 
  shhh , that 's right-wing xenophobic propaganda .
