   all eu members contribute . 
  even romania . 
  yes , but you receive more money than you contribute ... so . . that 's not contributing ( that sounds harsh , but i do n't mean it to )  contributions are relative to each country 's gdp because some countries are physically bigger than others and can produce more wealth just by being bigger and having more citizens that work . 
  it 's little to do with size and more to do with development . 
   your logic is flawed and is akin to what trump said to the other nato members . 
  completely different, 
   i do not agree with his position on many things , and i am probably not the target audience for his message as i am highly educated , employed and well paid person . 
  you 're * not * the target audience his target audience was working class white americans . 
  if you used to work in a factory , mine , or even a farm then his message was for you . 
  not for educated high earners . 
  that being said , his policies would benefit you ( if you were american ), 
  and other papers refuted it . 
  that 's how it works . 
   udo academics/psuedo research which is financed and published with the purpose of pushing an agenda . 
  like ... what ? 
  surely we can forgive it for birthing modern feminism when it also gave us jets , nuclear power , moden electronics , vaccines , the internet and pretty much every nice thing since the 18th century ? 
  yougov completely ignored 16-18 year olds ? 
  who * will * have a vote that being said , you 're right . 
  both polls should be viewed with healthy scepticism . 
  53 days `` floyddit dick eating bet on french election . '', 
  they do , but it 's elections within the party ( and a fee outsiders who work with the party ), 
  depends . 
  a lack of predators has led to dear being a real problem in some areas ( no idea if this is the case here ) but in scotland we 're planning to reintroduce lynx ' to keep the deer numbers in check, 
  did any billionaires on remain employ ai and analytics on a scale never seen before ? 
  exactly , prostitution , loan sharks , protection rackets , and even drugs without paying tax ( similar to cigarettes ) of drugs were legal, 
  not really ? 
  she 's a very standard politician in that regard , infact i 'd say shes * less * corrupt than the majority of her party ( solely because she 's been in the limelight so long ), 
  how does the us not count as a land empire ? 
  has a bigger land army than the eu , russia how does china count as a sea empire ? 
  it 's naval capabilities are minor, 
  no , there is no conservative or democrat seats , sc judges are appointed by the president at the time . 
  and you 'll see that when trump replaces the 2 liberal judges in his term when the republicans blocked it , they threw the rules out of the window , the democrats * should * block them exactly the same also , the sc appointee did n't even make the list of top voter concerns in the us, 
  the nomination * should 've * been obama 's . 
  i wonder just how long the democrats can stop his nomination, 
  infrastructure is like the hardest thing to hack . 
  you 're thinking about stuxxnet but that was like ... a whole new level , nobody expected it . 
  nothing has came close to it, 
   alaskalavista love it, 
  i was meaning a catchy name for their exit from the union, 
  more difficult to get a catchy name though alaskaderci maybe ? 
  north dakotafuckoutahere, 
  i mean ... 
  i doubt it a tin of spaghetti hoops from asda costs 0.22 eur , i 'm almost 100 % sure it 's not cheaper in italy, 
  it 's obsolete ( due to the fall of the su ) however if we 're keeping it the europeans need to pay more . 
  seems fair enough ? 
  and from a uk perspective , it has sorta felt like the obama administration cared less for us than germany ( and to a lesser extent france ) ... so it 's nice to be thought of, 
  not every man wants to work not every man wants to saddle himself with debt for a house not every man agrees on how far we should go to guarantee safety, 
  in very small communities scattered around the empire ( which does n't include germany ) the backlash was against later , larger waves of migration, 
  chuck norris, 
  easy . 
  there is no such thing as the `` ordinary man '' we all have our own unique motivations , intentions and ideas . 
  if we 're living in a state run by a populist and i ( an ordinary man ) decide i want to do something a different way ? 
  suddenly because i disagree with the populist in charge i 'm now part of the `` elite '' or a `` special interest '' or some other third party . 
  this leads to a polarised political culture , which never ends well . 
   the jews were in europe for 50 + generations , literally since before christianity even appeared . 
  it 's not a fair comparison . 
  likewise gypsies have been in europe for 1500 + years at the time when hitler came to power . 
  you think the jewry in germany had been living their since germany was pagan ? 
  you do n't think that thousand year old ancient poetry is interpreted ? 
  exactly . 
  you want tough steel ? 
  add coal japan had none, 
  nope, 
  by whom ? 
  yeah , it never so simple . 
  and less simple when you consider the eastern roman empire lasted another 1000 years . 
  the big difference between them is * time * the ex soviet countries were under the iron curtain for a long ( peace ) time , their culture reflects this period even today, 
  heh , obviously my comment was in jest , but seriously acting like a crazy man who 's willing to throw down with a larger group can be surprisingly effective for getting out of situations like that, 
  thanks , i appreciate an actual reply . 
  but they 're french, 
   mostly non-syrian economic migrants that 's ... not true, 
  i dunno , curveball - one british one chinese, 
  what if you were born in china , spoke mandarin , occasionally ate british food , but also chinese food would you be chinese then ? 
  do n't they get annoyed when you smash them in the face ? 
  oh , i know the definition in europe is broader , the only thing i 'm assuming is that the un does n't have its own statistics for every country in the world . 
  the un will be working off of the figures provided by each nation 's own statistics agency ( i 'm assuming ) so that would still allow for the afore mentioned discreprency . 
  both countries have a different view on what constitutes assault, 
  it depends how you measure it . 
  assault in europe is not the same as assault in the us . 
  that 's how we get all of these stupid stories about sweden, 
  jammy cunts ? 
   in the uk i have only heard americans being called expats what do you call the old people living in the costa del sol ? 
   especially with idiots such as yourself pushing for more `` independence '' . 
  you make too many assumptions, 
  no , country . 
  would you call yourself a tier 1 subdivision of the eu ? 
  scotland is a country because it is considered a country in the international organization for standardization ( iso ) list of countries, 
  independent state ! = country, 
  no , we 're a country , recognised as such by the uk government, 
  you sure it 's not strawmen ? 
  still a country !, 
  that 's not * really * true any more . 
  the executive branch has been getting more and more power with every new president, 
  aherm / r/scotland :|, 
  who is it then ? 
  an extra 10,000 by 2020 is unrealistic ? 
  wtf , i love guys now, 
   not an ordinary person he most definitely was an ordinary person , and insulting his dead mother could and * should * be left without punishment . 
  that 's almost the definition of freedom of speech . 
  the government not arresting you for your opinion .
