  seeing all these dead kids today is really bringing me down man, 
  what do ya mean ? 
  just because i grew up in a city does n't mean i 'll do any better in a completely different city than someone who grew up in a village, 
  why did n't your people work in your own country ? 
  same reason that migrants try to get to the richer countries, 
  i never said it was democratic . 
  i said it was fantastic . 
  dostoevsky , chekhov , tolstoy , pushkin , aivazovsky and vasnetsov , gogol and turgenev , lomonosov and karamzin , mendeleev tetris !, 
  the colonisation of the east & the trans-siberian railway everything about rasputin the russian state circus the russian metro the rise of socialism the space race and the launch of sputnik and that 's without mentioning the history of it before it became russia, 
  am i going fucking nuts what 's happened to this place ?? 
  ok , let 's put aside the fact that this is an unsourced random youtube video with no context . 
  they 're living in crowded tents !, 
  of course they 'll complain about it . 
  if you were living in a crowded tent you would complain too !, 
  running water ? 
   i think one of the most important factors to remember here is that the men who did the most damage to the stability of the western roman state , such as alaric of the goths who sacked rome in 410 and genseric of the vandals who sacked rome in 455 , were not ` barbarians ' unfamiliar with the empire , but instead men who had lived within the empire for decades and knew perfectly well what the empire 's strengths/weaknesses were . 
  moreover , they were able to participate fully in the brutal world of roman politics , creating and bringing down emperors at will , just as roman generals were wont to do throughout the empire 's history . 
  these ` barbarians ' were new actors in an age-old story , men who wanted to seize political power to achieve their own goals . 
  ` real ' romans sometimes opposed them , but more often they tolerated and actively embraced them in their own machinations . 
  ambition was not a unique trait for any group of people . 
  as a result of these power-plays , the frontiers were weakened and the central government made less influential , as seen in the withdrawal of troops from britain , the making of expedient deals with ` barbarians ' to get manpower quickly and the rise of regional elites willing and capable of carving out a piece of the empire for themselves . 
  these regional romans and their ` barbarian ' neighbours were no less sophisticated or talented than the ` real ' romans , so it should not be a surprise that they were able to contest the authority of the emperor . 
   these problems were compounded by two other factors . 
  the first was surely the rise of the hunnic empire in the fourth/fifth centuries , which first pushed many peoples , such as the goths , into the roman empire and later directly confronted imperial forces . 
  the impact of the rise of a new superpower in the region can not be underestimated . 
  just as the roman centre faced internal unrest , it now had to confront a new unprecedented military threat . 
  the eastern roman empire was always wealthier and was able to buy the huns off , though even then they faced problems , but the western roman empire was n't so lucky . 
  this was partly due to the other major crisis facing the empire , one of a financial nature . 
  the north african provinces were fabulously wealthy , but they were lost to the vandals in the 430s and from then on the empire struggled to recover , as its one remaining relatively stable taxation base was lost . 
  the empire was now no longer able to pay for significant armies under its direct control to operate against its foes , as instead it often delegated its responsibilities to regional ` barbarian ' kings , who sometimes co-operated with roman interests , sometimes not . 
   even so however the western roman state managed to limp on for many decades , but the final nail in its coffin was in 468 , as a combined eastern and western roman expedition against north africa was decisively defeated in that year . 
  without the resources of north africa , the western empire could not sustain itself and its last decade saw numerous revolts by soldiers complaining about their pay , one that finally culminated in odoacer 's revolt in 476 . 
   * for further reading , consider adrian goldsworthy 's the fall of the west ( 2009 ) , peter heather 's the fall of the roman empire ( 2005 ) or guy halsall 's barbarian migrations and the roman west , 376 -- 568 ( 2007 ) . 
  for a book emphasising the economic decline of this period , check out bryan ward-perkins ' the fall of rome and the end of civilization ( 2006 ) . 
  for an understanding of how much continuity this post-roman world still had with the empire before 476 , chris wickham 's the inheritance of rome : a history of europe from 400 to 1000 ( 2010 ) and peter sarris ' empires of faith : the fall of rome to the rise of islam , 500-700 are both great reads . 
  he 's an immigrant !, 
  history ? 
  i mean c'mon - you can hate russia for a lot of things , but their history is fantastic, 
  what ? 
  no many things led to the roman empire 's fall , but it was mostly germany 's fault, 
  same thing, 
  can we not call her a journalist ? 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  4-5 hours a day  how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  once a day ? 
  sometimes more  what country are you normally resident in ? 
  scotland  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  does scottish count ? 
  i think it should  what interests you about europe ? 
  the people  what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  i like that it 's a very broad cultural base . 
  really starting to hate the rampant racism , and even the overtolerance in response to that ( does that make sense ? ), 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  only in my own subs , nothing big  why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  you asked nicely , plus it could be fun  why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i 'd explain to people why thing 's are happening  do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i 've used praw , but only for funsies  what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) i did n't care either way . 
  but people hate being censored , and that 's what it felt like  what 's one weakness you have ? 
  oh i do n't know . 
  sex , drugs & sausage rolls ? 
  - pick one of them  would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one hundred duck sized horses  what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why wait ... what ? 
  no idea - is this to do what that woman who put a cat in a bin ? 
  she was a teacher, 
  we have every right if we choose, 
  i think it should , same for wales and ni . 
  being dragged out of europe because of some middle england xenophobic hysteria is n't what any of us signed up to luckily , the vast majority of england wants to stay , so i do n't think it will come to that, 
  unless your government runs a budget surplus then your not paying enough for those services , the actual cost would be much higher, 
   this is directly giving taxpayer funds to companies . 
  that has n't happened in the uk since the bad old days of the 1970s wut ? 
  taxpayer money is funnelled to thousands of companies in the uk . 
  even the specific example of funding for artwork is common, 
  the eu referendum has been marked as one of the `` line in the sand '' moments by the snp . 
  if england votes to leave and scotland votes to stay , it * will * trigger another independence referendum, 
  pushed out of / r/sweden by immigrants  ^ ... just ^ a ^ joke, 
  it 's easy to picture it in your head as a brit . 
  imagine there was an area next to us who wanted independence . 
  but we did n't wanto to give it to them now imagine they started a terrorist campaign to get that area back . 
  do you think we would ever give them it back ? ... 
  oh . . seems we did . . move along, 
   where 's the gray ? 
  i 'm not scared of black and white people mixing , i 'm scared of all the black and white opinion making now there 's a fuckin slogan for this sub i can roll with, 
   nation-state has been around for centuries the nation state is a 19th century european phenomenom . 
  empire was the standard way to rule before then, 
  i think he got confused with the sweden tags , you and / u/splergel - he said pretty much all, 
  no , just desperate people, 
  still true to this day ; , 
  hey , it 's not easy being the most powerful european country in all of history, 
  no , not good faith . 
  but in the interests of the country they represent . 
  logic does dictate they knew the ottomans would join the germans, 
  i do n't drink a lot ... for a rampant alcoholic, 
  to live there i would, 
  that 's not what the agreement said . 
  and ukraine was n't in nato and ukraine did n't control the nukes, 
  could n't get a visa :(, 
  can ... can i come to canada ?
