  do you want to stay over there and enforce that ? 
  i actually got off my arse to check . 
  the treaty of berlin was signed by benjamin disraeli as england , but of course was meant to cover the whole of the uk . 
  in the same stead the oxford history of england is a history of the british isles apparently it was the 30 's when it stopped happening as much ... our fault ( scotland ), 
  [ right ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmt_vcidssa ), 
  russia should be fine ... hardship ? 
  yes , but fine . 
  saudi wo n't got bankrupt either ... but they could become very unstable . 
  there are nefarious forces at work over there, 
  he is right though , the uk was generally referred to as england up until the 70s & 80s . 
  i vaguely remember it on qi, 
  which high eu officials ? 
  the impression i got was this circle jerk of `` sweden is an immigrant ghetto full of rapists and thieves '' ... which is not true , not even close, 
  there 's only one king henrik and his name is larsson, 
  are n't those mostly eastern europeans though ? 
  we 've had 4 years of peace since rangers got relegated . 
  next year ... could be fun, 
  i was referring to iraq 2001 in regards to vietnam , they dropped more bombs and chemical weapons than all ww2 on a country that was * not * a threat that is aggressive, 
  you 're underestimating the power of water cannons, 
  surely nato would be owo ? 
   vietnam  iraq although i do n't like the american-bashing ( best hegemon so far ! ), 
  iraq and vietnam should be called what they were , unprovoked offensive wars with no real reason behind them, 
  you think ww2 going for another 20 years with the western allies vs. russia would have been * better * for your country ? 
  although 100 nukes would devastate most . 
  the us , china , russia , canada , india & large swathes of africa are so large that 100 nukes would n't do the trick . 
   taken care of by grandparents during the day i do n't think you can leave a child at a graveside , or drop them off to their grandparents job, 
  sweet , i 'm in glasgow, 
  so is feminising areas lack of men in older range group but lack of women in younger range group ? 
  the new living wage will help a lot . 
  but raising a family on # 7.20 / hr is n't great ( much better though ), 
  not really , i mean . . sure by world standards . 
  but a shop worker is still gon na struggle in the uk . 
  a social worker is comfortable middle class, 
  whoa , i need to brush up on my sql, 
  never said it would . 
  but it would help their international standing, 
  well , although it 's a scripting language python is a * lot * more powerful than javascript, 
  pretty much what i 've been told since childhood . 
  i 'm from glasgow and we take credit for : being the engine of the empire , building a lot of ships, 
  pedophilia is regarded as the most abhorrent crime in the west ( worse than murder ) - yet you somehow think it 's going to become a sexual orientation ? 
  yes they 're working hard for trans people , because our understanding of sexuality has evolved greatly in the past 50 years , and we know now it 's not a binary issue . 
   there 's nothing wrong with homosexuality but you are blind if you ca n't see how it is a political tool and also used to brainwash children to experiment with it . 
  a tool to what end ? 
  also , you show me one . 
  and i mean one example of homosexuality being used to brainwash children . 
  children are still mostly against homosexuality until they mature - hence why calling someone gay is still an insult to young teens, 
  seems like that would promote criminality though, 
  be fair , to create russia she needs to own cores on : \u2022 moskva \u2022 novgorod \u2022 smolensk \u2022 ryazan \u2022 tver \u2022 yaroslavl \u2022 nizhny novgorod ( 306 ) \u2022 vladimir ( 307 ), 
  this weirdo seems to think they 're a bad thing which should be listed next to suicide , islam and caitlyn jenner, 
  python is ( imo ) the best place to start for any * new * programmer, 
   homosexuality is a very important issue in europe unlike actually having children . 
  so moral ya . . you know . . freedom from persecution , having children is n't a very important issue because it 's not an important issue , nobody is being prevented from having children . 
  someone with morals would know that treating someone different because of their sexuality is fucking stupid  western people are the most depressed and drugged . 
  depression is also far higher in russia than any country in western europe  drugs ? ... 
  well ... drugs are fun  russia has huge problems because the fact is that europe and usa is doing everything they can to cause economic depression and famine there unless they accept western values of cultural suicide . 
  no , you 're being punished for : a ) invading western ukraine ( not even crimea . . we let that slide , but you had to keep pushing ) b ) not diversifying your economy - saudi arabia did more damage to the russian economy by simply continuing to pump fuel than any western sanctions could dream of, 
  how many terms was a president supposed to serve though ? 
  even if you believe all of the irregularities in 2012 were just propaganda , the spirit of the law was that the president should just serve 2 x 4 year terms ( i think ... not really an expert on russia tbfh ) he just comes across as yet another leader with a cult of personality to me, 
  fuck , i live in the uk and i 'd give my left nut to move to the us, 
  he 'll never get a job knowing javascript ... go learn python op, 
  true , but a * huge * chunk of the industry of the su was russia, 
  i mean ... it 's not millions , but a social worker is paid well enough ( in the uk anyway ), 
  the west has zero moral values ? 
  the west is the beacon for moral values . 
  russian men commit suicide at a far higher rate than any country in the west russians also love videogames and porn, 
  i refuse to believe that all liberal politicians in russia says `` russian nation is the cancer on the face of the planet '' . 
  even medvedev i would consider a liberal . 
  . . in fact it does n't even have to be a liberal - just get rid of putin , it 's another god damn cult of personality, 
  you need to explain that he needs 2 arms on the left or he 'll drop one, 
  i 'm sure those jewish civilians are totally living by the sword, 
  it 's nothing to do with an energy glut and it is n't a temporary fix . 
  pulling nitrogen from the air changed the game, 
  no , the break was caused by a fine german scientists figuring out how to pull plant food straight from the air, 
   they are working through this phase more quickly and they are not polluting as much as europe did . 
  they 're working through it quickly because it 's low hanging fruit . 
  but their environmental impact is far far worse than europe 's, 
  you gave it a good whack with the habsburgs, 
  austria probably has quite a few contenders . 
  my bet would be turkey . 
  it 's your own fault , what do you expect when this is your national motto :  it is austria 's destiny to rule the world, 
   requesting to build a pyramid where they would sacrifice people from time to time well do * you * know of another way to prevent the end of the world ? 
  that was my first thought . 
  anyone who 's been in glasgow on a saturday night is n't going to care about a statue, 
  not in the uk . 
  in fact if he did that * now * with an isis flag he would be arrested, 
   that last part is not on the table yet , so just forget you read it . 
   this is the end . 
  [ too late , popular media has informed us all ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7m2puhjmis ), 
  refugees are n't coming where i live . 
  it 's not a threat that can be made to me . 
  turkey is a country which receives lots of european funding , tourism , diplomatic support , trade deals etc. 
  if they released 3 million refugees as some sort of punishment i do n't think sanctions and frozen diplomatic ties would be off the table , do you ? 
  then why should we care ? 
  i know , just clearing it up, 
  you think turkey would want to enrage the general european populace ? 
  ( pissing off politicians is one thing , pissing off the people is another ), 
  he 's saying `` how can turkey prevent refugee 's from entering their waters but the eu ca n't do the same ? '', 
  except they 're not ? 
  even when including eastern europe , europe still comes out ahead and that 's just homicide rates , not mass shootings, 
  listen to andulus ,
