what was the law ? 
  i know my history for that region particularly well, 
  if they play football with us - they 're european, 
  thanks - your comments have been really informative . 
  i 'm a regular tourist in turkey ( hisaronu ) so i was curious as to wtf has been happening over there, 
  every time i 've been to turkey i 've seen ataturk everywhere - how can somebody suddenly get away with downplaying him ? 
  it would 've made perfect sense ... and then they chose qatar, 
  nah , they got whipped for a while, 
  carraghers accent and the accent above are in no way similar . 
  not even a little bit . 
  carragher has a normal scouse accent , the guy above has a posh scottish accent, 
  [ you sure about that ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndattvr2jxy ), 
  it 's an accent from the west end of glasgow ( the studenty bit ), 
  [ relevent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10&amp;list=uu2c_jshtl725hvbm1arsv9w ), 
  league of nations , the predecessor to the un, 
  ah , misread you original comment, 
  the british administered a region after the fall of the ottoman empire , with u.n support . 
  the region then was n't a country , or a state . 
  it was a small patch of desert that is significant for the ibrahimic religions, 
  he 's not a troll , got positive karma i think he 's genuinely just naive, 
  then you really need to read more . 
  thr ira were n't occupying irish cities . 
  they were the citizens, 
  this article is just concerning asylum seekers rather than immigration as a whole, 
  the thing i notice most from this is that the uk does n't take nearly as many asylum seekers as the papers would have you believe, 
  are there any russians that can explain the huge numbers of asylum seekers ? 
  russia is very much the odd one out in the list, 
  seems like putin 's right wing nationalism is fueling other 's right wing nationalism, 
  no but the point i 'm making is that if nearly every residence in the older parts of europe have a gas boiler . 
  then the ones who feel it most will be the residents ( and again . 
  i know it will hurt the russian economy far more than the european ), 
  pretty sure my gas boiler wont run on anything but gas ? 
  well , that answer 's that one ... i 've got a feeling the uk waste will get dumped in scotland ( where i live : / ), 
  nuclear power plants are ridiculously hard to destroy , i vaguely remember a til about it a while back, 
  what 's been the biggest hurdle you 've came across ? 
  there 's a lot of talk about using the waste in the latest generation breeder reactors, 
  not that i disagree with you . 
  but most of europe uses gas for its residents central heating systems , and this ca n't be replaced by other forms of energy ( for now ) . 
  it would be normal people who feel it most, 
  oh wow ... poor spain, 
  ... or ninjas, 
  he said romanians are scum, 
  coming in to the europe subreddit and calling all 20million inhabitants of a land you know fuck all about scum ? 
  obvious troll is obvious, 
  anti tank mines ? 
  anti tank launchers . 
  they 're trying to run a proper caliphate and that means administration ( which is really expensive ) and they still buy weapons , jeeps , fund propaganda , pay the western tribes etc. 
  i 'm not saying air strikes are n't going to hurt them . 
  but air strikes are n't going to crush them like it would a regular force, 
  that was a horribly right wing article, 
  it 's 30000 fighters in an area the size of britain . 
  they do n't concentrate like a regular army , they ( generally ) have no armor or aircraft , weapon caches or supply depots . 
  could someone separate scotland ( heh . 
  . . for the purpose of this image ) we 're always being told how much wind power we generate , would be nice to see how we stack, 
  your kidding right ? 
  if you gave me a choice between scottish independence , and the union without london and the south east . 
  i would pick the union . 
  depends how you interpret the figures , however the fact of the matter is ** we 're all being subsidised by the treasury these days . 
  it 's just that when we 're talking about the uk we call it a budget deficit . 
  i think i agree with george galloway ( did i really just say that ? ), 
  the tribes in western iraq would destroy isis in a week if they had any trust in the government of baghdad, 
  yep . 
  he comes across as a used car salesman to me . 
  still voted yes, 
  sure there is . 
  my putin - are you going to invade eastern europe or are you too weak ? 
  `` of course not , but i can be in kiev in 2 weeks if i wanted to '', 
  no obviously put his cock in a pigs head as a drunken laugh ? 
  i believe it, 
  sweet , if he gets in we 'll get our milk back ? 
  i mean ... 
  i would n't jump so quickly to call them fake, 
  it 's been 23 minutes ; you dead ? 
  yeah , and i accepted that initially , and was quite optimistic but 1 year later it 's tough to believe that we 'll get near federalism, 
  and scotland was told that we would get near federalism if we voted no turns out everyone lies, 
  turk fuel ca n't melt byzantine beams !, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  any time you have a gun , gun safety is involved, 
  remember the rule ? 
  do n't point a gun at anything you do n't intend to kill, 
  they had video footage from whoever got the footage , and a radio interview with someone on the ground while it was playing . 
  what he said - that 's what * he * saw, 
  but that 's not what happened . 
  the report your refering to was a radio interview with someone who only saw the tail end of the incident . 
  this was what was put on their website ... until they fixed it, 
   none of them wanted to kill each other that 's not true , there were still huge prejudices in the mainly protestant us against catholics , catholics were generally considered just below blacks, 
  does n't work on ie8 ( work browser ) :(, 
  actually quite a few countries have negotiated with them successfully . 
  seems if you pay , they do n't kill your hostage, 
  yeah , barrel bombs have killed more civilians than isis, 
  sure . 
  but that 's like saying there 's a pretty fine line between the allies and the nazi 's in ww2, 
  yeah , the ottomans get a bad rap , especially on reddit , but as a fan of history their record is pretty good ( ... for the time ), 
  got source on your 7000 salfists and 2000 joined isis claim ? 
  it 's not a duplicate , this is the new english version, 
  if you both disagree with each other ... it 's probably balanced, 
  russia wishes it had a propaganda machine as effective as the bbc, 
  yeah , but nationalism has been a bitch in this latest patch, 
  i know , but like most things in europe you can blame it on germany and the continent will agree :d,
