  i mentioned the word gay , my daughter asked what it means ( cos all she does is ask questions ) and i explained to her . 
  oh come on , i travel to turkey every year . 
  there is an old grudge between greeks and turks ( hate is the wrong word ) the same way we scots hate the english , or the english hate the germans , or the german 's hate the dutch etc. 
  but we live in the real world . 
  do you think the turkish people would be as supportive if it was millions of russian or ukrainian refugees ? 
  it 's enshrined in the scotland act, 
  can any turk answer why the military has n't got involved in while ? 
  i thought they usually turn up when the country gets islami, 
  do you think that the increase in lifestyle is a direct result of policy ? 
  or they just so happened to be in power during a boom time ? 
  the byzantine empire ? 
  which had fallen nearly 500 years before him ? 
  that 's a bit like a modern american caring about the british empire , a ridiculous suggestion . 
  ataturk tried to separate from the ottoman empire , tried to forge a modern republic, 
  you seem to be taking this personally now , so let me reiterate - i do not hold this position . 
  i 'm pro eu , i 'd even go as far as saying i want a federal europe . 
  as for eastern european immigrants - i live in an area of scotland with a high amount of romanian families and i ca n't speak highly enough of them but these are some of the arguments which will be fleshed out in the coming months and i think a europe which wo n't compromise to reform * will * lose the uk, 
   see exactly the double standard i was talking about . 
  you do n't care if those money leave britain to go to germany , but you care because they go to a country , as you put it , with a `` much lower cost of living '' i would be happy for it to be cost of living adjusted . 
  as we stand just now , a romanian comes to the uk , does n't get a job and then applies for benefits including child benefits . 
  when they receive their child benefits and transfer it to eastern europe it is now worth more than the child in britain 's equivalent benefits . 
  the reason the rate of benefits is so high in this country is because the cost of living is so high . 
  it feels unfair that a british child on benefits get 's less ( cost adjusted ) than a child who does n't even live in this country, 
  oh , well it 's an abuse of the system , and that one i do agree with . 
  child benefit is to support children in britain , your nationality does n't matter but getting child benefit and then transferring it to a country with a * much * lower cost of living is not what it was intended for, 
  i see what you did there, 
  the argument from the out camp ( of which , i 'm not part ) is that the eu now is not the eu we signed up too . 
  we did n't sign up to having half a dozen ex-communist countries with free movement we did n't sign up to having to share our very generous benefit system with these millions of people who abuse them in order to improve their quality of living back home ( ie , the furore over being able to claim child benefit for a child who lives in eastern europe ) there 's a feeling that this free movement of cheap labour is driving down wages while simultaneously driving up house prices now like i said , i do n't personally agree with them , but it is a fair point and it would be undemocratic not to have a referendum when so many people are calling for it, 
  i did n't even know turkey put troops on the ground in afghan , til, 
  oh , of course . 
  i 'm just saying - could easily have seen that explosion and his first reaction was to tweet it, 
  why was a turkish army officer in afghanistan ? 
  think i 'll keep this map for the next time someone says wind power is n't feasible in the uk, 
   scotland voted to stay in and will stay in regardless of the powers that are devolved to them . 
  there is no `` risk '' of them breaking away any time soon the general public of both scotland and england believe that scotland would leave the union within 10 years . 
  if england leaves the eu , i would n't be surprised to see scotland leave the union, 
   valeriy heletey claimed that russia attacked ukraine with tactical nuclear weapons to be fair , that was when the arms depot was hit - and it did resemble a mushroom cloud, 
   the luddites were 19th-century english textile workers who protested against newly developed labour-economizing technologies they believed nobody would have any work if machine 's started making textiles - they were wrong, 
   a legacy of computing excellence stemming from communist dictator nicolae ceausescu 's regime . 
  any romanian 's that could expand on that ? 
  sound interesting, 
  he 's not even started - afaik he has n't even formed his government yet . 
  lots of people are getting ready to bite the towel , because this time , it 's going in dry, 
  you 'd prefer cameron to the snp ? 
  to be fair . 
  the last government has just created half a trillion quid out of thin air, 
   miliband rather , would like to criminalize islamophobia i 'm pretty sure that was just a torygraph headline and nothing else, 
  i disagree . 
  england is crying out for a proper left wing party, 
  red tories out acctually, 
  snp hoping for labour in power with the snp dragging them kicking and screaming to their left roots, 
  france has a lot of programmes to encourage reproduction . 
  france was one of the earliest western countries to be hit with population decline, 
  the problem with that , is that our economy is based on the principle of growth on top of growth on top of growth, 
  my superiority is genetic my thoughts anti-semetic my sexy white skin is what allows me to win we conquered your ancestors , should 've done 'em in now your over here and i 'm working for your kin . 
   wow , let 's ruin britain 's economy and european cooperation so you can get a job . 
  nice priorities and raging self-interest . 
  new ukip manifesto, 
  ... was that a play on words in regards to immigrants ? 
  because if so it was amazing, 
  ... a little bit , yeah, 
  if your in turkey in the summer , and you look at the moon - that 's how it looks , crescent moon with the little star next to it, 
  assad uses helicopters ( cos they 're super effective against light infantry ) fighter jets are not, 
  as others have said ( and i feel this does n't get enough air time down south ) alex salmond ( who , to be fair i can understand why english voters dislike him ) will not become the representative of the party in westminster, 
  if you mean the atomic weapons establishment ; then they do n't have live weapons based there, 
  not sure about that , both labour and the snp have a fair bit of cash in the coffers these days, 
  that 's the thing ; it does n't . 
  there is almost zero low level corruption in the uk ; bribing a cop , or some sort of civil servant is unheard of . 
  an yet , the upper echelons of society are rife with it - weird, 
  it 's fun from up here too, 
  if you take mad out of the equation , then they 've already been strategically defeated . 
  there 's nato allies surrounding them in the baltics , a nato ally ( ish ? ), 
  bordering them at scandanavia , a nato ally controls their access to the black sea . 
   an actual army with combat experience that 's the opposite of what they have . 
  they 've basically scraped together whatever they could for this conflict , mostly irregulars, 
  oh , how much i would 've loved for russia to join nato before all this kicked off . 
  ... i 'm starting to think maybe russia was right about ukraine , iraq & syria all along ... 
  they 've got a football team - that 's all you need for an identity, 
  ... at first glance i thought that was a russian flag in your flair ... did n't know if it was a joke, 
  germany has such a proud marshall history i 'm surprised there is n't as much domestic support, 
  which is stopping after this election afaik, 
  i dunno , i feel like the murder rate going down is linked to harsher punishments for carrying knifes more than anything else, 
  if russia really does want to secure it 's steppes then it 'll need to engage a nato member eventually ( not that i , or anyone want 's that ), 
  yay ? 
  can we call them aragon ? 
  i really hope we get to call them aragon, 
   i love the way people who dismiss the likelihood of russia ever attacking an eu or nato country are called foolish , but then we have people acting like we 'll just waltz into russia and they 'll collapse because nobody ever tried that before . 
  to be fair , we 've gotten really * really ** fucking good at logistics, 
  ah , those were the days ... i miss our aircraft carriers, 
  break the fucking oligarchy, 
  let 's be fair . 
  at the time the british navy covered the world . 
  we had a finger in all the pies, 
  did you read it ? 
  it was a lot more pro brexit than the title suggests, 
  i 'm sure you mean the city of london and not greater london, 
  probably the best comment in this thread, 
  of course . 
  but that 's because certain aspects of the russian empire lived on in the soviet union . 
  it 's just transferred over to the russian federation,
