  holy shit , sanity . 
  actually yeah , that pretty much sums it up, 
   ( when really nato 's combined forces would be pretty much a bunch of rural white guys beating other white guys with superior technology ) you ca n't honestly believe there are only white people in nato , nevermind `` rural white guys '', 
  i dunno about that , at the start of the war britain did have global naval dominance , america only came to prominence as the naval leader in the last 2 years of the war, 
  it is n't 1945 anymore . 
  china is the largest manufacturer in the world , they can provide warm clothes to their soldiers, 
  yeah , russia has spent billions the past few years modernising . 
  nato has been spending billions the whole time . 
  russia is very far behind now in comparison to being a little behind when it was the ussr vs nato, 
  what do you mean ? 
  ( being serious , no idea what you 're talking about ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trophy_ ( countermeasure ), 
  which rules are denied ? 
  i do n't disagree with that , but op was claiming that some sort of international law would be broken , and this would n't be the case, 
   the scottish deficit is worse than greece , so if you do join the eu it will be enforced austerity . 
  no , because scotland has to balance it 's budget every year ( legally !, 
  ) , it 's not an independent country ( yet ) so you ca n't compare it 's spending to that of an independent country . 
  and the deficit requirements are for the eurozone not the eu . 
  [ scotland easily meets the requirements to join the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/conditions-membership/index_en.htm ) all i got from your last comment is that some 16 year olds understand how the devolved parliament works far better than you, 
  of course , but i was n't saying russia is a super power . 
  i said it was n't, 
  that could probably be argued , but it 's a weak case with how little economic influence they both have these days, 
  real world ? 
  you think a 16 year old who lives on their own does n't live in the real world ? 
  i do n't think it gets more real than that you know what really frustrates me ? 
  when a leaver voter says scottish independence is a bad thing . 
  the hypocrisy is staggering, 
   most of them are still in school and have n't got a clue about the real world , most have never had to think for themselves and are still guided by the hand for almost everything right ? 
  but around 30 % of scottish kids leave school at 16 , some of them have their own kids , houses , jobs . 
  i do n't know how many 16 year olds you know , but the difference between 16 and 18 is n't huge  benefits are also very difficult to claim at 16 . 
  also true , but that 's also disgraceful, 
  neither is china by the same measurements . 
  it has the potential to be , and most likely will , but as for now it 's still a regional power, 
   can pick up a country that breaks away without following laws , that has no currency of it 's own who is also running a worse government spending deficit than greece . 
  zero laws would be broken with a udi , in fact it 's recognised by the un . 
  ( not that i agree with udi ) getting your own currency is n't tremendously difficult , it would likely just be pegged to the pound for a while the scottish government balances its books every year , this is a legal requirement . 
  you ca n't compare the finances of an independent nation with that of a devolved parliament, 
  i 'd disagree , scottish whisky is n't popular because it 's got protected status , it 's popular because it 's a fine product . 
  you can by cheap whiskey just now that is n't made in scotland , but most people still prefer the real deal, 
  in scotland at 16 you can get married , go get a job , get a car , get a council house , get benefits . 
  16 is when you become an adult up here, 
  only if an independence referendum is refused by westminster , an equally ridiculous proposition for most scots, 
  why would westminsters position have any impact on the referendum itself ? 
  westminster refusing the referendum might even push some people from yes to no, 
   westminster simply wo n't allow the referendum to take place before a50 has finished . 
  too much at risk . 
  scotland could hold a referendum that is n't legally binding ( a la brexit ) without permission from westminster, 
   when the electoral commission approved the wording of the referendum question i was delighted . 
  `` leave '' is a good old anglo-saxon word , whereas `` remain '' is one of those new french words that the normans brought over . 
  one of those words would hit our hearts , the other one would n't . 
  you were doing great up until there . . 
  i mean , i still upvoted you but was that really necessary ? 
  would n't tunisia be an argument against that ? 
  and i thought the beginning was a few years of drought and bad harvests coupled with high unemployment in the cities, 
  that means there 's more poles per capita in scotland than in england then ? 
  ask you to join in on beating the poles ? 
  i say this as someone who is against brexit , and scottish yes . 
  there 's nothing in europe that even comes close to london as a financial powerhouse . 
  only new york , tokyo , singapore and hong kong compete . 
  you could probably count zurich too , but then you support the london case, 
   romans did the same with their gods etc. 
  and they got weak , and their empire crumbled because of it uh ... that 's not what happened with rome, 
  where are you getting the 204 figure from ? 
   the better together 2012 ltd are showing a surplus of # 72,000 , largely due to business donations amounting to # 711,000 - a large sum compared to just # 20,000 for yes scotland . 
  easy to stay in the black when you 've got big business backing you, 
   majority of people want it 's impossible to measure the tory government as being what the majority of * people * want . 
  it was a minority of the electorate who voted them in  snp are full of hot air , and what they say they want to do is not what the majority of scots want . 
  that 's your opinion but they have been a party of effective governance in scotland and far * far * more scots support the snp than the tories, 
  yes , but it 's now * much * closer than it was when the initial push for independence started . 
  which if i remember correctly put scottish support for independence at around 20 % ? 
  by the time the campaign was done it was at 45 %, 
  they could do the same with ireland too though, 
  what ? 
  that 's not how westminster works . 
   but it certainly is n't a surprise to us locals . 
  it is for around half of us ? 
  i do n't know a single person in my group of friends ( 20-30 ) who does n't want an independent scotland , and in fact we 've all agreed that we 'll help in the campaign this time round, 
  wait ... are you trying to have a competition to see who can be the most bitter ? 
  ... with the germans ? 
  sounds like we need to invite those damn mongolians into nato , 
  do n't judge him by what he says , judge him by what he does . 
  and he blew up 2 countries after they blew up 2 buildings, 
  eh , tbfh i was trying not to stare so it could well have been a niqab , i 'm sure it was like a little grill for the eyes, 
  i 'm from scotland , but i was surprised by how many burka 's and niqab 's i saw when i was visiting birmingham got ta say , i 'm not a fan but i 'm not sure i 'd ban it, 
  til that blowing up 2 countries is appeasement, 
  which studies ? 
  i binge watched it about six months ago , now i 'm all caught up i catch it weekly and i want to binge something similar ( other campaigns in history ? ), 
  has anything changed in regards to russia now though ? 
  wait ... are you saying there 's chinese personnel on the streets in italy ? 
  some crime is cool . 
  like those guys who parachute off of buildings in the middle of a city, 
  if they campaign on a platform of staying in europe and win the election they would ( i think ? ), 
  the majority of labour voters did vote to remain from the polling i saw , so it makes sense from their perspective, 
  yeah , i suppose that could come in to it . 
  47 years is a long time though , well before i was even born, 
  i 'd argue they 're all quite good fits , all are centre-left , pro europe , anti austerity, 
  well , you can argue all day about culture as it 's a social construct but your understanding of iq is completely flawed . 
   in the 2002 book iq and the wealth of nations , and iq and global inequality in 2006 , richard lynn and tatu vanhanen created estimates of average iqs for 113 nations . 
  they estimated iqs of 79 other nations based on neighboring nations or via other means . 
  ** they saw a consistent correlation between national development and national iq averages .
