  so the chance is * not * 0 %, 
   they have no military industrial machine or effective aa unless it 's a prpolongued war they have enough military hardware to do the trick . 
  they also have * plenty * of aa i wiould n't be so quick to underestimate turkey - they have a pretty good martial culture and strongly supported military . 
  could they beat russia in a war of attrition ? 
  no , of course not . 
  but they could make russia hurt, 
  it invaded crimea , which was part of ukraine . 
  yep . 
  i 'd agree with that . 
  i also think that the whole eastern side of ukraine would vote to join russia ( although not as overwhelmingly ), 
  what ? 
  europe does select it 's immigrants, 
  that 's generally how they 're viewed in scotland, 
  cos that 's what they did ? 
  it just annoyed me `` wow , these guys must have had military training '' what ? 
  all they did was set a time to plan their attacks - nothing else showed any sign of military training, 
  yeah . 
  i also hate when they say `` these guys were organised and had training '' their organisation goes as far as `` we 'll attack at the same time '', 
  isis is significantly easier . 
  they have land they control , a base of operations etc. 
  those are tangible things we can destroy . 
  and i think we will ( by spring ) but the ideas that led to the creation of isis will be around for a generation or 2, 
  a few weeks is optimistic . 
  i expect it 'll be done by spring though, 
  uk . . yep . 
  i feel angry and i think this the straw that 's broke the camel 's back for me . 
  i 'd be happy with a particularly brutal war too, 
  people supported the us in afghanistan . 
  it even got through the un iraq was a fuck up of monumental proportions for absolutely no reason, 
  i live in glasgow , 
  never met one, 
  american pie ? 
  in fact . 
  pick a movie where someone masturbates . 
  any movie . 
  bet they use lube, 
  oh , right . 
  well ... all of your movies show guys using lube to jack off, 
  pishing down though, 
  best way to solve racism ? 
  reverse racism . 
  obviously, 
  i mean . . everyone classifies them selves into broad groups i 'm a glaswegian , a scot , a brit & a european could probably add human to that list if we ever find aliens, 
   honey boo boo . 
  you keep them in your pic-a-nic basket , yeah ? 
  holy shit , i did n't realize it was that big of a difference, 
  i just got serious deja vu from this comment, 
  he 's not wrong . 
  the vast , vast majority of males in the us are snipped . 
  there 's a thing on the front page just now that it started as some sort of masturbation panic, 
  religious nutjobs of any persuasion, 
  not really there 's a middle ground . 
  too poor and you get free health care , rich enough and you can afford it ? 
  - both ok earn enough money that you do n't get free health care but ca n't afford good insurance ? 
  tough shit, 
  i 've literally never heard this big fear and i live in glasgow, 
  seems fair . 
  one of the key points during the referendum was that britain is an eu country , iscotland might not be of course were were also told we 'd be getting near federalism , sooo ... 
  this thread is tagged as `` misleading - private aid only '', 
  [ removed ], 
  i just never figured out which foot means which religion, 
   england 's beauty is found in the small pubs . 
  ftfy, 
  or the slightly out of fashion these days `` what foot do you kick with ? '', 
  the theory of electromagnetism scotland has invented so much stuff . 
  but this is one that defines the modern age and hardly anyone knows about it, 
  fun fact , he was held at big ben for nearly an hour waiting for the bell to smash his testicles edit : all hail the cephalopod king, 
  seriously , there was a surprising amount of funding put into health care for the prisoners there, 
  standards were very high at guantanamo , it had huge funding, 
  what 's the eu supposed to be ? 
  ... clearly * fabulous * , but what animal ? 
  a lot of scottish fishermen already hate the eu, 
  iran and turkey are only 2, 
  for a lot of people , it 's simply due to the open borders . 
  and not only that , it 's simply due to the open borders with the eastern block countries, 
   one `` le man on le moon '' dick waving . 
  russia does n't have access to all of the data that nasa gathered during their apollo missions . 
  if they ever actually do want to build a base on the moon ; they need to send people there first, 
  if only they had put a reflection panel up there to bounce a laser off of and prove they had been, 
  russia has said on numerous occasions in the past 2 decades that it 's going to the moon one of these days . . one of these days, 
   the fact that there is this bias towards males shows that this is not genuine refugees migrating , but economic migration . 
  all that shows is that men are fleeing the country in greater numbers and that men can make it across a continent easier than females . 
  i do find it ironic . 
  the same people who would use this statistic as some sort of defence against migrants are also the same sort of people who agree with mens rights . 
  if i was running away from a war i would hope my gender would n't discount me from asylum, 
   1 in 3 muslim men under 25 in rotterdam have been arrested 105 % of statistics on the internet were made up by me, 
   you need to look at what destroyed rome and countless other nations that 's not what killed rome , it was mostly infighting . 
  i ca n't think of * any * nation that fell to losing ` cultural cohesion ', 
  yep, 
  true , but there are far * far * more of them . 
  there 's only 5 million people live in my country , we do n't have any resources issues at all . 
  if we could completely automate the process we would 've done it by now . 
  who 's going to paint a fence or a house ? 
  go down a mine and dig up the metal ? 
  who 's going to explore the jungle for a new species or biological compound ? 
  and that does n't even mention that you 'd live in a dark world , no art , history or music ; these things define us as a species, 
  sort this thread by controversial . 
  it gets * crazy *, 
   not enlightened beings analyzing the bigger picture . 
  / r/iamverysmart you 're not enlightened fool , you 're retarded .
