  in most countries they are n't banned but they get met with extreme counter protests . 
  not so much in russia, 
  how so ? 
  the paris commune is n't known for its slaughter of people . 
  the bloody socialist republics are what your thinking of, 
  board *, 
  not really . 
  if their ideology does n't put them at odds with each other , they can both focus on an alien other ( muslims , jews , slavs - take your pic ) same reason german and italian fascists were n't enemies . 
  for kane !, 
  surely the issue is that russia is funding far right groups across the continent, 
  for time unknown mother nature has used it 's best weapons to kill people . 
  and now that people are winning you want us to stop ? 
  nature started this !, 
  and which countries have used the threat of nuclear war ? 
  i can only think of 2 . 
  best korea and russia are the only ones i know of, 
  to be fair , einstein only saw the worst that nationalism has to show . 
  i quite like the nationalism from my country, 
  50 million to an insurgency is a lot of money, 
  tell that to nixon, 
  so debate and vote ? 
  times have changed , i 'd be more than happy with a german lead continental army . 
  let 's revive that prussian marshall spirit, 
  speak for yourself . 
  there 's a muslim running a corner shop in every housing estate in britain and they are integral to our community, 
  you ca n't tell me islam and catholicism are a million miles apart from each other either though ? 
  i remember reading how shocked the world was at the brutality of german troops in russia whilst under the command of napoleon, 
  that 's the first thing ( ok 2nd , germany was first ) i saw . . what gives ? 
  do you or do n't you ? 
   provides a national salary of 2,235 to all , employed or unemployed first off , that 's oddly specific secondly . . is that a monthly salary ? 
  and how do i go about moving to switzerland ? 
  greek time keeping is n't quite as accurate as german time keeping . 
  but they 're coming , do n't you worry !, 
  one day, 
  til, 
  i 'm pretty sure the nazis killed a few people ... and had a slight insurgency, 
   all they did now was roll into a weaker country that was in chaos and stole the land 90 % of the time that results in an insurgency - the fact there 's been so little blood spilled is skillfull, 
  yes , but what i 'm saying is : * if * they had simply annexed crimea , then i really do n't think there would 've been a major international backlash . 
  and by `` skillfull '' - i ca n't think of many annexations where almost no blood was spilled, 
  see , it * kind * of was . 
  if they had stopped at crimea i do n't think the backlash would have been bad at all . 
  crimea was a skilfull piece of annexation ( especially by modern standards ), 
  hey , that 's pretty impressive when you look at it like that, 
  that 's because that 's not what 's happening there - that 's a foreign government buying a product from a german company . 
  during lend lease it was american government buying a product form an american company and then giving it to the russians and allies, 
  unless it was of the books ( it was n't ) then of course it 's included, 
  who do you think pays for it ? 
  the us purchased it , then shipped it to the ussr knowing they 'd never reimbursed, 
  it 's a measure of military spending based on gdp . 
  all military spending will be there, 
  yes , it will, 
  i think of it as the wedge which drives us apart . 
  nothing shows our old rivalries like eurovision, 
  even in a maximum security prison he would be killed he 's a child killer - the only way he could be more marked would be if he raped them first, 
  what sort of dickhead would do that ?!, 
  ... oh . . right ... `` us '' ... sorry mate, 
  i 'm not defending religion ( wait ... 
  i guess i am ) i just got annoyed at his `` edgy '' comment . 
  the point i was making is that his `` faith '' ( for lack of a better word ) in science is still faith , until he actually does the tests himself for the things he believes in . 
  no , i get you . 
  what i 'm saying is that the things you believe - you do n't know them as fact ( unless your one of the very few who are very good at physics and astrophysics ) you take it on faith that it on faith that it 's true you do n't know that the universe is 14.3 billion years old , and you do n't know the science to prove it to yourself - you just take it on faith that someone smarter than you is telling you the truth, 
  i 'm saving your comment for the next time someone uses that research to show that all european muslims are terrorist rapers, 
   because it 's unconceivable ( for me ) how one can believe in something you do n't really know it exists well , you do n't * know * the big bang happened you do n't * know * where life came from you take it on faith that men much smarter than you have worked out these things and you take it on faith they are true . 
  is that so different to religion ? 
   religion - in my opinion - was and is the worst phenomenon the human kind experienced and the root to most evil since ancient times . 
  religion * seems * to be a prerequisite to civilisation . 
  no major civilization has taken root without religion being an integral part of their civilisation . 
  now that being said , i 'm not religious at all . 
  but your statement is ignorant to the good religion has done throughout history , and comes across like your trying to be edgy, 
  when did the ira meet an anglican and murder him/her for being an anglican ? 
  the ira was fighting for irish liberation , not some bullshit religious story, 
  urgh , that 's never happened to me before . 
  you think i 'm joking ? 
  go look at austria 's national motto . 
  those guys are just waiting for the perfect time to attack, 
  oh well , that 's fine - if it 's only the poor people and black people it could probably just be ignored ? 
  at some point they 'll attack austria - and austria will remember it 's history and start trying to conquer the world, 
  europe would n't care . 
  it 's not like it 's europe who would be protecting it , only 2 countries in europe even could !, 
  nothing would change at all from our perspective interestingly enough , an attack on the military base in hawaii would intimate article 4 , but an attack on the civilian areas of the island would n't, 
  speak to your politicians then , it 's their deal , and they wrote it from a position of strength . 
  like i said , the us does n't protect the falklands , or any of the british and french islands either . 
  and the us wrote the terms of the treaty . 
  the reason those islands are n't involved is because nobody wanted article 4 being used for colonial imperialism, 
  what ? 
  it covers north america, 
   for the purpose of article 5 , an armed attack on one or more of the parties is deemed to include an armed attack : on the territory of any of the parties in europe or north america , on the algerian departments of france , on the territory of turkey ** or on the islands under the jurisdiction of any of the parties in the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer ; ** on the forces , vessels , or aircraft of any of the parties , when in or over these territories or any other area in europe in which occupation forces of any of the parties were stationed on the date when the treaty entered into force or the mediterranean sea or the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer . 
  an attack on those islands could n't be used as justification for a nato counter attack , same reason britain could n't use nato in the falklands, 
  it 's not ? 
  nato only deals with north america and europe, 
  what ? 
  you think the us government is paying out to veterans to the tune of 15 % of their economy ? 
  that 's # 1 trillion ( ish ) per year , solely on vet pensions . 
  are drones flying from rammstein to yemen ? 
  i 'd have expected them to use their closer bases, 
  hey , i 'm all for europe rearming and going back to the early 20th century , it 's been a while since we 've had a good scrap with the germans, 
  there 's an old us economic doctrine which simply states that germany and russia should never form an economic trading block as it would be a direct danger to us hegemony, 
  you dropped this : \\ \\, 
  and an attack on france is an attack on scotland !, 
  not really .
