  ever since over a decade ago ? 
  fair point , i suppose, 
  vsauce and a guy pushing a book does not a good source make, 
  you think finland is stronger than the uk , france or even germany ? 
   also , iirc , the probability of an accidental nuclear detonation is about one in a million that 's not true at all , the chances of an accidental nuclear detonation are nearly non existant, 
   leave the eu and implement le australian points based systsem ( and overall lower immigration ) , i just want to point out that we took less immigrants than australia, 
  he toppled himself so hard that jet 's started bombing him, 
  yeah , you said 1 in 14 . 
  that 's a specific . 
  so can you back it up ? 
  do n't drag us into it . 
  it 's the english who 're depressed, 
  ironically we did the same survey in school where i lived and everyone in the class were sex gods and chronic masturbators 50 % is n't bad i guess, 
  and we conquered the planet in the search of edible food imports . 
  ca n't forget that, 
  ok , i was curious too :  the national average for volleyball players , according to salary expert , was $ 39,549 ( around # 25,000 ) - http://everydaylife.globalpost.com/salaries-professional-volleyball-players-19054.html if a prostitute charges # 100/hr and takes 4 clients a day , working 5 days a week ; they 're making # 104,000 a year . 
  an average prostitute makes more than the best volley ball player in the world, 
   by getting rid of the taliban they 're still there though ? 
  i 'm glad someone else fucking noticed it . 
  i though i was going crazy, 
  luckily there were no consequences, 
  [ in scotland they 're ug-a-leee ] ( http://imgur.com/jfrxm7s ), 
  in most politics yes . 
  but in strongman politics the leader surrounds himself with friends and allies . 
  people he can control and use to exert his influence . 
  this * can * lead to having incompetent people in key roles, 
  scotland here : yeah , it 's a myth . 
  more like a sun shortage, 
   do you seriously say spain is the only country with elevators that beep when overweighted ? 
  with 2 people in an elevator overweight would be my last guess as to why it 's beeping, 
  maybe she did n't want to get one ? 
  oooh , that 's the first one i 've not heard yet . 
  all lies , everyone knows the german 's invented communism to destabilise russia , and it all got way * way * out of hand, 
  yeah , those people are silly . 
  to many people in the process for any wrong doings to go on . 
  she was killed because dodi fayid got her pregnant . 
  that 's the one i was taught anyway, 
  even the most advanced economies in the world import high end medical equipment , i doubt russia will ban them all, 
  self reliance * is * a bad thing wealth of nations 101, 
  seems like an , unnecessary comma, 
  no , i do n't . 
  i quite like the eu ; warts and all ... but there 's a part of me who wants england to vote to leave and scotland to vote to stay , and * hopefully * kick-start another independence referendum, 
  as a scotsman ... 
  i do n't think i 've ever been called posh before ... 
  i feel like harming some immigrants already, 
  strength in numbers, 
  i agree on all points . 
  but it does n't change the fact russian troops invaded crimea , which at the time was ukrainian territory, 
  you 're right , she looks like katie hopkins, 
  you can say that again, 
  yeah , but i do n't think endangered lions have to be hunted to keep their populations in check, 
   also , stormfront is known to regularly populate reddits political subs , vote brigade and even recruit new members off of them they also actively target / r/europe as it 's ripe of the picking, 
  that 's a wall, 
  that 's an opinion . 
  i think she opened it up for abuse , also an opinion, 
   short term pain for long term pain . 
  glad we agree, 
  london has been a global financial capital since the high middle ages . 
  thatcher had fuck all to do with it, 
  ok , that happens everywhere . 
  but what stops them from calling in support and apprehending them ? 
  i go to turkey every year , it 's less dangerous than a friday night in glasgow, 
  you think 300,000 migrants will outbreed 700 million europeans ? 
  ... 1 migrant wife please, 
   ( looks like the competition is suiciding themselves , sometimes literally ) . 
   poland is still in a much worse shape than greece eh ? 
  oh , i should have been specific - net exporters of culture ( music , movies etc. ), 
  literally the city, 
  there are 3 countries in the world who export culture the us , britain , sweden . 
  well , they 're desperate to be acknowledged as a state, 
  i could roll with turkey just changing it 's name to byzantium ; i like the way it rolls of the tongue, 
  ... ... right ? 
  there 's still more mosques in europe than there are in the me . 
  if you want to go down the historical route . 
  in case you 've forgot , everywhere north of saudi arabia used to be christian lands ... what happened to those christians ? 
  in france ? 
  i doubt it . 
  thatcher famously did n't sleep much at all, 
  tldr : the buk anti-aircraft system is a mobile unit designed to defend tank columns from fighter jets . 
  as such they always travel with tanks . 
  there was a russian tank column in ukraine a week before it happened, 
  i dunno , i 'm quite enjoying the puns about the guys who arrested him, 
  again , biased because i 've seen one gun in my entire life . 
  it get 's a lot of coverage because it 's * super * rare . 
  people just do n't get shot that often over here . 
  it should be difficult to get a license , i want it to be the hardest license to apply for  and it just goes to show , if someone goes all crazy , it do n't matter if they are illegal or not . 
  the vast vast majority of the time they go crazy , they do n't have a gun, 
  oh , are you referring the case which is in court just now ? 
  or the guys who already got jailed ? 
  i do n't think that was british police though ? 
  [ full english fry up ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gp4vmrl.jpg ) . . tastes like god 's vagina, 
  no , but there is standard equipments used by all nato forces to help with logistics . 
  this includes the size of cartridges, 
  sorry , i ca n't hear them underneath all this mercantilism, 
  fuck you dwight , a little empire could be fun !, 
  rare earth metals are n't particularly rare . 
  it just so happens china is willing to take the serious environmental hit extract them for dirt cheap, 
  how do you feel about noisy ginger men ? 
  only if your point of view is pro brexit, 
  dunno about that .
