  you 're alright op , this made me smile, 
   ninety of the 130 people killed that night died in the bataclan . 
  most concert-goers had thrown themselves to the floor when the shooting started . 
  `` those who want to leave , get up and go , '' a gunman shouted before opening fire on everyone who stood up . 
  `` they were having fun . 
  it made them laugh , '' a witness told police . 
  that 's one of those things , you 'd probably act without thinking, 
  like a train station ? 
  on new years eve ? 
  right ? 
  there 's no denying scotland is a country , it 's in the uk governments definition of the uk . 
  i was just happy that we got a mention, 
  i 'm well chuffed that scotland got it 's own comment . 
  every single time i see one of these maps we get lumped in with the rest of the uk, 
  one ` allahu akbar ' and this is a very different video, 
  is the russian military having manpower problems ? 
  you dropped this \\ \\, 
  1 ) another royal baby to gawp at 2 ) turkey get 's quite unstable ( hope not though , i 'm booked for may ) 3 ) isis defeated but stays as an insurgent group 4 ) greece might leave the eurozone 5 ) more austerity 6 ) uk stays in the eu, 
  you messed with prussia , that was what went wrong, 
  the fertilizer ? 
  and who do you think provided him with that just before he got arrested ? 
  canada is quite bigoted with it 's own issues . 
  the treatment of the natives comes to mind . 
  go ask a local what they think of them , 
  ok , now i 'm not against immigration tbfh . 
  but some example colonisation of the americas colonisation of australia the migration of the nomadic huns into central and eastern europe . 
  the migration of the bantu 's in africa pretty much whipped out the pygmies and khoisan-speaking people of sub saharan africa the migration of germanic tribes into the roman empire the migration of the turkic people into most of central asia and parts of eastern europe was n't good for the people living there, 
  where do you live now ? 
   mohammed is the most popular baby name in brussels at the moment . 
  not it 's not , i just checked . 
  it 's adam adam beat mohammed last year and held the title this year ( and thomas is the most popular belgium wide ), 
   a major planned attack was just undone let 's not call that a major planned attack , it was some dickhead who posted all of the details of his attack on twitter, 
  that 's a great way to look at it . 
  if turkey can work on its press freedoms and human rights , even if it does n't get into the eu . 
  you get press freedom and improved human rights, 
   drinking in ireland starts around 10 or 11 ** am ** ftfy, 
  an englishman and a scotsman go to a pastry shop . 
  the englishman whisks three cookies into his pocket with lightning speed . 
  the baker does n't notice . 
  the englishman says to the scotsman : `` you see how clever we are ? 
  you 'll never beat that ! '', 
  the scotsman says to the englishman : `` watch this , a scotsman is always cleverer than an englishman . '', 
  he says to the baker , `` give me a cookie , i can show you a magic trick ! '', 
  the baker gives him the cookie which the scotsman promptly eats . 
  then he says to the baker : `` give me another cookie for my magic trick . '', 
  the baker is getting suspicious but he gives it to him . 
  he eats this one too . 
  then he says again : `` give me one more cookie ... '' the baker is getting angry now but gives him one anyway . 
  the scotsman eats this one too . 
  now the baker is really mad , and he yells : `` and where is your famous magic trick ? '', 
  the scotsman says : `` look in the englishman 's pocket ! '', 
  : o ... i 'm totally not the evil one though, 
  if the universe is infinite , there 's an entire planet of jar-jar 's out there, 
  ah , i was just confirming that only the fighters who fight against the government can be rebels, 
  no , rebels are rebelling against the government . 
  that 's what makes them rebels, 
  ok , that * does * look sexy, 
   the world needs a new ideology . 
  a third way ? 
  ... i 've got my eye on you poland, 
   as funny as it looks this is a coup attempt . 
  the guy tried to recreate the georgian rose revolution that 's why he gave yatsenyuk red roses . 
    yep , that happened in georgia , saakashvilli entered the parliament with roses and removed the president from the podium on his inagural speech . 
  spread the word my american friend . 
  universal healthcare is cheaper !, 
  ... or , keep sucking up extremely high insurance premiums and pump out new medicines for the rest of the world to enjoy, 
  yeah , i think we should be cutting pensions too . 
  but that 's not what 'll happen , and this graph will be used to justify further cuts to services which have already been cut, 
  you say that like it 's lots of tea we could drink 6-8 in a couple of hours while playing fifa . 
  loser makes tea !, 
  them da rules !, 
  no you do n't :| ... unless you purchased a bus ticket first, 
  i 'd be up for an alliance of the anglo sphere countries ... 
  better let me move to the us or canada though, 
  yep . 
  i remember reading somewhere that the us * really * do n't want a germano russian alliance , it would be a real competitor for the us, 
  how long run ? 
  turkey has been pretty secular for a long time now, 
  now , kiss !, 
  like i said . 
  i thought the annexation of crimea was a piece of geopolitical genius ... 
  if you had just left it at that nobody would 've cared, 
  yes ... 
  yes it is . 
  it 's a particular deceptive invasion , but an invasion none the less, 
  right ? 
  so that 's an invasion, 
  turkey has over 800 mlrs and around 500 combat aircraft . 
  it can hit russia just fine, 
   when christian-school-educated idiots loudly block any progress on climate change action or do n't vaccinate their children because they 've never been taught how science works , they kill far more people than terrorists , albeit far less directly . 
  in europe ? 
  ( more specifically the uk ? ), 
  christians denying climate change is pretty much unheard of . 
   technicaly it was not an invasion but takeover . 
  that 's a ridiculous statement , say it out loud to yourself and imagine it in another context . 
  the russian army was there but they did ship in thousands of extra troops and took over all the key infrastructure and access to the peninsula now , that being said . 
  i actually did n't have an issue with the russian annexation of crimea . 
  it the was the eastern ukrainian stuff that annoyed me, 
  what ? 
  it might not be the smartest thing ukraine could do , but it does have the equipment to shoot down a russian jet .
