  ** they found the highest national iqs among western and east asian developed nations and the lowest national iqs in the world 's least developed nations in sub-saharan africa and latin america . 
  if you put * any * group of people in a developed state , and give them an education they 'll have the same average iq as any other group also - where do you think all the europeans are going to go over the next few decades ? 
  you honestly believe that ? 
  after everything europe has been through , ww1 , ww2 , communism and the ussr - you honestly think it 's just a few decades away from total collapse ? 
  without to much of a drastic change in the votes you could get an snp+l ib dem + labour coalition running on a remain platform, 
  in what sense ? 
  although you 're correct , you could argue that the weapons are now much closer to european russia and moscow, 
  nope . 
  a conventional weapon exploding on a nuclear weapon would n't start a chain reaction, 
  that 's mostly driven by the freeze on public sector wages . 
  most new jobs have been private ( as the public sector has shrunk ), 
  gon na have to explain that one, 
  oh god how much i wish, 
  maybe not where you live ;d, 
  it was at 10:30 pm, 
  i often forget that those arab countries do n't have any spare cash floating around, 
  you want to know why a lot of people in scotland do n't like the union ? 
  or unionism in general ? 
  [ because this is what represents unionism in scotland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8ic5gmk.jpg ), 
  for someone living in scotland ? 
  free prescriptions , free school meals for p1-p3 , free nursery , free university education for students domiciled in scotland , the council tax freeze , crime is down to it 's lowest level in 37 years ( and i 'm from glasgow , it 's actually noticeable ) , smashed every renewable energy target they 've set , an average of 117 new council houses every week ( 25,000 in total ) , longer prison sentences for violent crime , business rates for small companies have been slashed , beat the 1.5 % efficiency target ( smashed it actually and use the extra funds on infrastructure ) , increased funding for the elderly ( nursing and personal care ) , and we have n't got pfi debt that labour and the conservatives had such a hardon for . 
  i 'n saving this comment for the next time this comes up, 
  you need to escape it with \\ so \\ \\ #muslimproblems becomes \\ #muslimproblems, 
  no , syria is destroyed - flattened . 
  to rebuild will require marshall plan type of money , and that 's far more than the eu is willing to invest in a failed state, 
  the southern planes are some of the most productive agricultural areas in the world . 
  and , like every other country in the world - i 'm sure they 'd be happy to trade their massive abundance of resources to benefit them directly , rather than enriching european russia . 
   geographically united with the european russia ? 
  right ? 
  so is most of asia and the rest of western europe  it 's freaking not decolonisation if those areas do n't want independence it is if any talk of independence is illegal for me , russia colonised those areas like every other european power was doing during the colonial era . 
  it just so happened that russia 's colonisation efforts were next door to their current empire, 
  i could say the same of america , australia and canada . 
  but you would n't argue that britain should keep those colonies . 
  from my perspective its just a decolonisation move tbfh , im aware those are russian regions and would likely be part of the `` russosphere '' but i feel independence of their part would improve their life quality, 
  exactly , i 've always been of the opinion that everything east of perm should probably be independent countries, 
  oh , nobody 's removing france now, 
  holy shit ... somebody needs to deal with the ottomans, 
  i would n't say the majority of people are in * denial * - but what do you do ? 
  most measures will unfairly target the millions of peaceful european muslims, 
  is there a picture of the world map ? 
  just curious how a massive multiplayer shakes things up, 
  what 's wrong with extra credits ? 
  i really liked their justinian series, 
  i was so close to changing my money into usd just before the referendum , but the price had rebounded and i still kinda thought we would see sense, 
  whoa , i never realised how low it got back in 08, 
  the referendum was n't legally binding . 
  not that i think they should ignore it ... 
  i 'm just kinda hoping scotland stays in, 
  the eu are * never * going to kick out a member against their will . 
  that would destroy the eu imo - i would n't even want to be part of an organisation that does that ( and i 'm a remain voter from scotland ), 
   we let you back in we 're not out yet  , <, 
  they do n't need to accept anything . 
  until article 50 is invoked britain is just an eu member doing whatever eu members do . 
  unless you 're suggesting the eu kick them out against their will ? 
  so what you 're saying is russian fans are innocent ? 
  it 's everyone else at fault ? 
  not with that attitude !, 
   self-sufficiency is amazing thing tell it to north korea . 
  autarky has been the downfall of * many * power states, 
   would be interesting to know what british people think of germany you get up at absurb times to leave your towels on sun loungers . 
  that 's our stereotype about you, 
  you obviously drive a truck , right ? 
   and i can only reply that the germans could not have accessed the atlantic even if they sunk every british warship in existence is what you said though , and that 's not true , the germans could have gained access to the atlantic if they defeated the grand fleet , and then harassed merchant shipping, 
  they only need to get lucky once etc. 
  i 'm in turkey just now . 
  it 's * very * quiet , but there 's still lots of tourists here, 
   how would you feel if police started breaking into homes of famous people `` just because they might be guilty '' or `` because i think they are evading taxes '' how is getting a warrant and then entering the premises any different from what the police do every day ? 
  there is a possibility of tax evasion . 
  a judge has agreed it 's worth a look, 
  not in that region, 
  nato signed no such agreement . 
  no such documents were signed was there a non official agreement ? 
  most likely but that does n't matter one bit, 
  that 's nonsense . 
  northern ireland are the most pro union people in britain, 
  3.3 in glasgow \\ o / but murder rate is n't the best indicator of violent crime when you consider europe is gun free . 
  most incidents where i live are non fatal stabbings and good old fashioned kicking the shit out of each other, 
  where do all these people live ? 
  violent crime is n't rare in glasgow at all . 
  ... in fact we 're a bit proud of it, 
   humanitarian aid has created a massive problem . 
  there would be around 400 million africans today if the developed world would not have `` helped '' . 
  where did you get that figure from ? 
  wait ... really ? 
  no it does n't . 
  but making a bomb without metal is well beyond the scope of what amateurs like this can accomplish, 
  * that * is exactly the point here . 
  would you like to be banned from renting from the largest landlord in the uk because he dislikes the way some romanian people cooked ( and therefor banned them all ? ), 
  really ? 
  because socialist housing is what i live in and it 's miles better than private housing - so much so that there is a 2 year waiting list to get a council home . 
  socialism is n't always terrible . 
  the nhs is socialist and is held up by people in the uk as our greatest achievement, 
   should i name all those female-prefering owners as sexist pricks ? 
  yes ? 
  obviously . 
  and that would also be illegal, 
  listen , i 'm a remain supporter but op has a point . 
   did the eu take away food from your table to put it on mine ? 
  i highly doubt that 's the case . 
  no , money .
