the attractiveness of a language is determined by much more than just its sound . 
  you should check out this video for example : http://youtu.be/dh1svgmy4qs, 
  you must be an expert on all 3 languages to make such a claim . 
  or you 're just a douche . 
  including your comment , 
  yes , there was a lack of that indeed . 
  because carneval in germany traditionally critizises politics , not religion . 
  such a deep analysis of political satire , wow !, 
  lmao no thats satire and its a tradition here but who cares about freedom of speech right ? 
  xddd, 
  germany has a lot of muslim immigrants since the 70s . 
  we have a large turkish community that is very well intigrated . 
  just because of a few bad guys does n't mean they 're all disrespectful terrorists, 
  umfragewerte , which means poll results . 
  he 's really hyped right now , but the elections are still over half a year away so the polls do n't really mean that much, 
  here 's a wikipedia article you should check out : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/satire, 
  we do worry about our country , our economy is doing very good and we 're one of the safest countries in the world . 
  is n't it ok for a democracy to make use of their freedom of speech sometimes ? 
  that 's not gaben , that 's martin schulz , who 's really popular in recent polls and has a chance to become the next german chancellor, 
  german carneval is about politics , not religion, 
  we are teaching a lot about the holocaust , and that is exactly why we do n't tolerate the hitlergru\u00df . 
  most schools even visit concentration camps !, 
  you 're probably a troll , and i do n't want to defend the guys that beat him up , but really ?!, 
  neonazis do n't have an opinion , they 're just a shame for our values and our education system, 
  fun fact : europe is n't just one country crazy i know, 
  what our media liked about obama was not that he was black . 
  he was improving healthcare and restricting access to guns as much as he could , which are things most germans like . 
  our media and the germans in general were not a fan of bush at all , but that was n't because he 's white , but because of his brilliant idea to invade iraq and afghanistan . 
  and any person who likes democracy can tell you many reasons why trump is a total loser , so sad . 
  we do n't even need the media to tell us . 
  we can just follow him on twitter to realize that . 
  some americans care too much about symbolism and too little about facts i feel like . 
  merkel served this country for decades . 
  this proves her love for germany . 
  we do n't need a flag for that . 
  tell me more about how others forced us to murder millions of people please . 
  we did cruel things . 
  we do n't have to feel guilty for it , but we should be allowed to deal with it in ways we find appropiate . 
  merkel did so much good for the country , she is serving it for decades . 
  that proves her love for germany . 
  we do n't need a flag for that . 
  some americans care too much about symbolism and too little about facts i feel like . 
  no it does n't . 
  we had flags everywhere at some point in our history and we do n't want to ever return to those dark times . 
  we do n't need flags everywhere here . 
  do n't overinterpret this . 
  we germans get mad at others being late and our neighbors tree growing into our garden , but not at stupid stuff like taking a flag away . 
  our media was actually quite pro-american until they elected an orange russian puppet clown into office and let 's put it this way : we had flags everywhere at some point in german history . 
  it was not a good time . 
  we do n't need that again . 
  that 's exactly what it does n't show . 
  and germans know that . 
  we do n't need our flag everywhere at everytime . 
  is that so hard to understand for you americans ? 
  in germany our flag does n't have to be present everywhere . 
  nobody in germany was mad at her for this , so why are americans so upset by it ? 
  you might need new glasses . 
  this is n't a picture of trump . 
  you said `` she is prime minister '' which simply is n't true . 
  you could 've said `` she 's like a prime minister '' then your statement would be correct . 
  you horst . 
  she 's neither president ( that 's steinmeier ) nor prime minister ( do n't have one in germany ) . 
  she is chancellor . 
  what are you waiting for then ? 
  make gro\u00dfdeutschland gro\u00df again and go to the arierreservat !, 
  you think that is a problem ? 
  then that video is just for you . 
  bro did you watch that video ? 
  during the sex scene the guy does the hitlergru\u00df, 
  our own decline ? 
  what dimension do you live in ? 
  our economy is doing great , we have very well functioning healthcare and education systems and we have much less violence than for example the us . 
  also our president is n't a ridiculous old man that only got into power because of the russians . 
  man our decline sure looks good !, 
  you did n't seem to get the point of the video . 
  it was n't making fun of europeans , it was making fun of nazis . 
  i do n't know what country you 're from but it is obviously dying if its citizens do n't even get obvious satire anymore . 
  yeah , people who care about climate change are literally hitler !!!, 
  dozends die because of terrorist attacks in europe . 
  thousands die because of guns in the us . 
  believe it or not but not every idiot can buy guns to murder people here . 
  drastically reduces our murder rates , you should try it . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  believe me . 
  very good healthcare very good education very safe nice . 
  yeah , fuck europeans and their freedom of speech !, 
  they already have - better healthcare - better education - lower crime rates what else do they want ?!, 
  they did n't leave the eu yet , they just voted to do so and now the conditions are negotiated . 
  it 's not looking too bright for them after they leave in a few years because they 'll have a much harder time selling their goods, 
  yeah everyone who 's pro-europe is merkels puppet / s danke merkel !, 
  yes but be careful too much salt is unhealthy , 
  good job !, 
  as a german i 'm gon na wait until our elections , make a few rational comments/posts over there and enjoy my ban just like you , 
  oh i apologize then , there were so many racist comments from t_d idiots in this thread , i thought yours was one of them . 
  well good news is that the french did n't let them in today :d, 
  ** writing bullshit bold does n't make it more believable ** and yeah let 's talk again in 2 years when the us will be even more behind on renewable energy , many muslim scientists will have moved to other countries , the healthcare and education systems will be even worse etc. . . 
  what a suprise - i provide some facts and you ca n't even read them . 
  the population number does n't matter when you look at murder/rape rates as they simply show the incident rate per year per 100,000 inhabitants . 
  yet again you fail to provide some facts for your crazy statements . 
  nobody will believe you , you just sound like a kid thats too scared to use its own brain because of terrorists and populists .
