  fw : thomas koch , austria, 
  yes , he was the first japanese player to wear a nhl jersey but he did n't play . 
  he did ye , i checked , thought i heard he only wore a jersey on tv , my bad . 
  he did ye , i checked , thought i heard he only wore a jersey on tv , my bad . 
  great to see some exporsure for the asian scene , keep up the good work . 
  another great interview !, 
  are there more ? 
  maybe one with the girls / female teams who played there ? 
  i would like to hear what 's your take on pro teams participating in local/national tournaments ? 
  should there be more national online/offline leagues or would they not be taken seriously because of less competition and smaller prize pools ? 
  i think most people are reading too much into this , this is in my opinion just carn figuring out how faceit did it to raise money and now they are looking for a designer to make a skin in team colors and then they split the money , he creates , they promote . 
  could someone please post an ip address of a eu server which hosts custom competitive maps ? 
  been looking for one for a long time ... 
  on the topic , it looks great and hopefully plays that way aswell . 
  great to see another team in na breaking into top tier , good luck !, 
  face it , they are doing a great job and deserve more atention !, 
  i understand , just my thinking is they have been together for a long time and are now getting a better sponsor , which should motivate them and improve their game . 
  i wo n't say who 's where in na since i do n't know but it 's nice to see there is more and more competition , not only between teams but also more interest from organizations , sponsors . 
  ready for action !, 
  epic picture !, 
  search on esl.eu , they have a sunday cup every week , it 's called go4csgo . 
  edit : http://www.esl.eu/eu/csgo/go4csgo/, 
  i do n't understand people who downvote an event like this . 
  i urge people to upvote and promote it , it 's for people who need our help . 
  also respect to pita and everyone else involved , a great way to help people in need . 
  great to see so many teams participating , be sure to post a stream link when the games are live !, 
  i believe they will leave cache in the next operation so i would wish for a map pool like this : cache , tuscan , season , crown + hostage maps, 
  i would like to see also de_contra , though do n't know if there is already visually good enough version out yet . 
  if my mappool is 75 % correct this will be the best operation to date . 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=144923022&amp;searchtext=de_contra this version of contra does n't look bad , though do n't know if all bugs were removed . 
  also this one , de_bastion looks promising : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=263393968&amp;searchtext=, 
  and de_cliffside looks nice , though do n't know how it plays : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=262048092&amp;searchtext=, 
  i agree , went through it once and could look better . 
  i have n't played it yet , just saw it on workshop . 
  could you explain where you see the problems in it ? 
  seems to me one site favours long distance fights , the other close combats . 
  it 's a great idea for many reasons , though cutting the hours by a quarter per week seems a bit too much . 
  i think if you cut only one hour of work per day you will have significant life improvements and still a quite high productivity . 
  also it 's not like 6 hour work days would provide with that much open positions on the workforce . 
  quite good game on de_season , 16:13 for virtus.pro over dignitas . 
  let 's see more . 
  he is playing as one , but might be just because of the world cup and football ... 
  really a great place to go to in summer as water is quite cold . 
  if you 're into nature you ca n't go wrong with slovenia , hiking , biking , caves , mountains , lakes , everything . 
  do you have any esh lans planned for the future ? 
  it seems now they would be more successful with a bigger scene and less controversy . 
  how is the new site going , i must say it 's not what it used to be , also no tek-9 ... esh kinda killed the rest of the cod community , 
  try to get one german player to do the observing , they are close and probably wo n't make it through the qualifier , maybe try them out in eps . 
  though good luck to all german teams , 
  should be noted , that goalkeeper was otherwise their best player , though he made this mistake , if they were cheating it 's players fault , they were n't running , attacking and covering well . 
  ye , thought about writing it that way ... 
  here are 15min highlights , here you can see goalkeeper made some nice saves , though the score could be way higher if koper did n't miss this much . 
  i miss more discussion on european hockey on this subreddit , do n't know how many non american subscribers are here but even on the occasion when something gets posted it 's ussually not upvoted . 
  otherwise , great post locksthefox !, 
  while i understand the anger of benfica fans , i do n't think this is all on oblak , in my opinion this was more on his agent who rushed things with atletico . 
  both great legends but for me ronaldo el fenomeno is still the one that made me fall in love with this sport . 
  he played for both great milan clubs and biggest rivals in spain and the great 2002 brazil squad playing joga bonito . 
  he could have been the greatest ever if he did n't have so many injurys and other struggles which ( weight ) he also overcame infront of our eyes during the world cup 2006 for instance . 
  truely miss him on the field . 
  would you explain me the process , interested in making something similar for a local team . 
  you create a scaleable logo in ai , then make a 3d logo in blender and import that to cinema 4d for lightning ? 
  what 's the plugin for av-artsmart ? 
  would really appriciate it and by the way awesome work !, 
  i see there are some suggestions all over the thread but how about alex song ? 
  is n't barca trying to sell him ? 
  j\u00fcrgen klopp is the best fit probably ( in terms of style and passion ) , though depends if he would be willing to leave dortmund . 
  it 's amazing as there is still a lot of room for growth , asian and south american scenes still need to catch on and when they do ... 
  it 's funny , cousins takes the same stance as most of the comments here . 
  journalist sure was testing him , since us is playing slovenia next in basketball word cup , but he took it offensively and returned like an american instead ... 
  it seems americans have defence hard bred into their dna , everything is an attack on them . 
  i am slovenian by the way and us ( media ) always comes up with the most bizzare responses on how to portay some country , it happens everyday . 
  it 's funny if not true at least  . 
  do n't care what the numbers say , lets go maribor !, 
  do n't know if oblak is really the problem , maybe needs a bit more play time with the team , though really poor defending the whole game . 
  great work as always , keep them coming !, 
  this is easy  , id needs to create an all new quake game ( q5 ) , with great singleplayer !, 
  and multiplayer . 
  first one to attract casual players the other to keep them playing the game and have a proper casual and esport scenes . 
  multiplayer side should be handled like csgo is by valve , they provide a polished gameplay !, 
  and standard map rotation for all gametypes and matchmaking system that provides fun !, 
  games and next to all this a system through which mappers , designers can grow the game and make profit for themselves ( for every item/map that is bought , developer takes a cut ) and behind all this a great promotional plan , similar to major 250k dollar tournaments that get sponsored by some of the money developer collects by selling ingame aesthetic items ect . 
  this game enviroment , in game and esport side of it , is in my opinion the best for oldschool games like quake , which have great gameplay and just need bigger community to have a more stable esports scene , which then provide great games and make community to play more and improve . 
  amazing stats !, 
  could you also write down the competitions he won and in which year . 
  most respect for the player , though i hardly heard anything about him until today , which is unfortunate . 
  ( europe ), 
  mourinho switching to three in the back , let 's go maribor !, 
  there should be a subreddit for this kind of stuff . 
  is there a subreddit for sport design ? 
  i could n't find any ... would love one if someone posts it here or creates one . 
  thanks , looks great from what i 've seen . 
  i think this information should be looked at more closely :, 
  bengals had a bye in week 4 ,, 
  colts had a bye in week 9 . 
  looks really good , though i like white on red background ( like on the kit ) the best , also other two color crests look better to me than three color design for the main crest . 
  there is difference in approach to handling of things , riot is there to have supreme control over everything in the game , while valve provides the eco system in which others can create their own brand , either by running tournaments , teams , creating maps , stickers , skins ect . 
  and make their own brand grow naturally . 
  and when the scene grows naturally , things grow slower than if you push a couple of millions into the prizepot or advertising . 
  scene is growing as individuals and groups inside it are growing , the leagues are there fighting eachother for their place inside it and this is just a dirty part of the scene , since is not strictly organized like in football ( which ever you like ) or in basketball ect . 
  the solution to this is an union or collaboration of sorts between competition organizers , teams , players and developer valve , but this is one of the hardest things a commmunity must do at some point .
