  but should we be happy with 3k and not looking to improve that number ? 
  do n't really know , that 's why i am asking here . 
  i believe if there was some competition structure , where one , two leagues are at the top and top teams compete there it would be fine , but now since we have top teams competing in every tournement possible it takes away the viewership and entertainment value of top leagues . 
  maybe some sort of a pact , an agreement between teams to compete only in certain leagues , but then again why would they limit their earnings for the sake of community ... maybe just some competition organizers need to step up , but how can they if the viewership is the same ? 
  jay , you should write streams starting time in the title in my opinion , anyway looking forward to the matches . 
  do you stream any uk a-series matches otherwise ? 
  i agree , public servers are n't that popular or at least i do n't know of the good ones . 
  i searched for zombie mod today and found some server but was n't really good quality . 
  in css good public was easy to find and you had plenty of servers . 
  it also annoying when you find a server with custom maps and then they have their own mod with no radar ect . 
  would really like to get a server ip for a popular 20-30 man public server with custom maps and team-deathmatch mode , server with cbble , season ... 
  not really , never managed a public server , only some servers for matches with executing zblock ect . 
  which maps i would like to see are these :, 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=144923022 contra, 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=160352757 forge or, 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=125689112 snowy cobble, 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=125633950 piranesi, 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=125689191 season, 
  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=126373930 de_shift, 
  plus others like cache , mill , siege and other new custom maps . 
  this and teamdeathmatch . 
  might be interested , where are you located ? 
  too bad , would love to but i 'm located in europe . 
  maybe someone else is interested , keep the offer open . 
  good luck !, 
  for me is 5v5 almost everything cs is about , its much better than everything else . 
  though lately i been missing a bit of public play , with this i mean custom maps , mods ect . 
  maybe mods are n't that developed in cs : go but i ca n't find a really good modded server to enjoy public once in a while . 
  it was much easier to find good public servers in cs , css . 
  probably the influence of valves casual and competitive mm servers . 
  hope valve does something about this , either through operation payback ( for mods also ) or another way . 
  good luck !, 
  holy shit !, 
  everyone , keep on buying keys for esport cases !, 
  na , you should get your shit together and organize a proper lan in first quarter of 2014 . 
  ( hoping valve spreads the money by time and place ), 
  everyone get f ** king playing !, 
  do n't really know na revival team but i doubt they are fit to organize large enough lan event which would then see eu and asian teams coming over . 
  do n't know which organization could host it or to which festival it could be attached to . 
  maybe someone with a greater knowledge of na cs scene can provide an answer . 
  you should really start supporting nasl , you could have a na proseries in couple of months and another proper competition with it . 
  seaside is back in the new operation bravo as it was the most popular map in previous operation payback . 
  what time is 7.30 pm , which zone is the event played in ? 
  anyone care to translate the times into central european time ( cet ) ? 
  edit : it does n't matter , it seems to be going live now ... 
  great points , thought after that custom hud would be necessery , also all other points are great . 
  if valve does half of this it 's going to be amazing . 
  if you could specatate your firend in real time , you could say where the enemies are and that is the only reason this ca n't happen and the delay is put . 
  i 'm not really sure if it would be appropriate but might be good if there was an interest in the future to have managers giving orders in online games ... 
  the thing is you could have both friends playing eachother and you could then spectate both and help one or another ... and many other possible ways to cheat the function -, 
  the only thing i am missing from that video is joe millers casting . 
  would be great to see how this amount compares to total prizepot of sc2 , dota2 ( with and without ti3 ) , lol ( with and without wcs ) ... 
  thanks , though i know about the website and its too bad they do n't have earnings per game per year ... might calculate it myself if i find the time . 
  now i 'm from eu and we do n't really need new leagues . 
  as for na part i think it 's too much , you should primarly focus on filling up cevo , esea and even national esl would support you if you got some teams in it . 
  you want to start a league from scratch ? 
  why , when there are so many other options ? 
  if anything na really needs is a big lan tournament for cs : go with decent prizepot so you get your whole scene actively practicing for it . 
  thats the biggest problem imo in na since top teams can only look forward to attend one , two big events per year in europe , for which trips are quite expensive . 
  this is going to be focused on swedish talking audience or is it going to be produced in english ? 
  either way it is a good news . 
  thought for a second this might be the new studio and partners of 2gds gdstudio , though if it will be produced for swedish audience , probably not . 
  if it will be in english then i 'm betting its the ( http://www.twitch.tv/thegdstudio ) gd studio since they already planned on moving to a new studio so maybe this is it and they have everything you need to cover esports , there is no other studio that covers as much esports as them , except esl tv . 
  i understand , though they might have partnered some time ago and only announced it now , i do n't know . 
  i would like to see someone with expirience in cs , someone of the top caliber like redeye , djwheat or tosspot casting . 
  then add dunn and anders or semmler plus color casters like threat , henryg or other past top players . 
  also they need to pick probably two good game observers , which will be hard since probably all top players will be playing there . 
  he is the one that criticises the game and does n't play it , his opninions are all based on 1.6 and the way it was , therefor should be ... 
  i 'm not gon na say he is a bad commentator , he is n't though his approach to the game is the opposite it should have been , in the end he gets paid to write about cs : go ... 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhgwxythubw the legendary spawn !, 
  first map , mirage is in overtime , first half was won by vg 2:1 on t , now starting second half ... crazy game scream screaming headshots , delpan a monster ... 
  vg win first map , their pick ; second map sk pick dust2 ... 
  second map to sk after overtime , third map coming up , tune in !, 
  vg win ; third map 16:3 for them and they win the msi beat it !, 
  eu qualifications . 
  you see , there is this sidebar on the right , it should have all the information you need . 
  the main point is talking about right things at the right moment and talking at appropriate sound level . 
  you need to fill the gaps in the game with player history , facts , past tactics ... but when the action is happening commentate that and get into it , get excited and adjust you talking level . 
  do n't get excited for every other thing and think what are the things you would get excited if you were a spectator . 
  also check past matches , iem cs1 .6 ect . 
  you pick up history and learn from commentators at the same time , my all time favorites are redeye , tosspot , djwheat . 
  now i do n't know if talking level is an appropriate frase but hope you understood . 
  there are hltv.org and cadred.org , international websites otherwise you have fragbite.se , probably also popular sk-gaming and fnatic.com, 
  you can also add players you play in matchmaking to your friends list on steam , i get added that way quite often , especially if they are from my own country . 
  good luck !, 
  it is a problem but is not always organizers fault , though it many times is . 
  problem can also be that match time is hard to predict and when they are trying to showcase each game on stage some matches get delayed because earlier game is still in play . 
  could n't you maybe collaborate with tweeday ? 
  what i would like to see is trio casting . 
  this golden duo with one analyst , carn , natu ... 
  it 's good for business if the quality after a certain time decreases as then there is a need for a new product to be bought and as nice as current skins are , we all know we could have better ones , more attractive ones . 
  hopefully iem will pick up cs : go for the next season . 
  its the best solution for the scene , it then has tournaments in almost all continents and therefor revives the scene everywhere . 
  it will be really difficult for dreamhack to choose the last invites . 
  16 teams is not a lot when the whole world wants to participate . 
  would really like to see a great mixture of nationalities and each continent getting represented but i 'm afraid sa scene is still too weak and chinese/asian scene is still in its infancy , still i hope to see one asian team there . 
  it 's really a problem that these asian and south american teams wo n't get to show what they got until msi beat it !, 
  ( only asians ) which is a week before the dhw and by then invites will already be known . 
  eswc tournement at the end of this month would be a great oportunity for that but sa and asian teams are not represented , well maybe ate gaming will surprise ... 
  hopefully dreamhack will choose good and most scenes will be happy .
