  one way to solve that would be to host an international event which would be big enough to attract teams from all over the world , though do n't know if it would go through on financial side of things . 
  do you already have a big lan event that could potentially become interational with increased prizepot ? 
  maybe valve would help if there is a chance . 
  also when there were lans and iems in asia for 1.6 did any aussie teams attend ? 
  and joe miller is casting , everything seems really great right now at the moment . 
  new spectator overlay features are really great and esl having an observer directing the games takes the whole expirience to the another level !, 
  verygames vs. copenhagen wolves starting any second now , de_inferno is the map , go go go !, 
  why i put progaming.td / brazilian team at the end is because of the economics , it 's probably imposible to get full sponsorship for the trip to europe , while i would still like to see them there as then almost all parts of the world would be covered . 
  maybe if there was an oppurtunity people would donate some money to help them get to dhw but then again dh organizers are n't probably interested in organizing something like that by themselves . 
  +1 it would be great if you could play public while waiting on the match , maybe valve should allow warmup play on another server , it being valve casual matchmaking server probably or maybe anyserver which is n't locked so you do n't get players who are already in a match to be in the lobby . 
  well , the thing is dreamhack has been chosen to make this tournament some kind of a the interantional , the biggest tournament of the year for cs : go and in that manner it in my opinion deserves teams from all over the world to compete and not just another eu team as with international teams there will be more viewers and that is what the game needs . 
  you need to think longterm , we do n't need just another tournament for all top eu teams , we need a tournement that will revive international scene , scene in asia , scene in na and in sa , brazil as then there is more people involved in the tournament directly/indirectly ... 
  yea , forgot about k1ck , they have been playing great lately . 
  they should get an invite in my opinion , its not an easy thing to secure funds for such a far away trip and not be part of it all ... 
  it also increases interest from fans from nz/aus . 
  i agree there will be more money coming from esport cases but do you really think there will be 250k dollar tournements every month , in my opinion more like 100k every two months or something like that . 
  and they did get that money because of the reasons you listed but do you see anyone else hosting as big and as great lans for the game ? 
  ( what esl is doing is on much smaller scale , also esea , sltv ... ), 
  i agree , though it currently looks like there will be a lot of swedish teams at dhw . 
  hopefully uk and ger scenes can pick up the pace as they had/have quite large domestic scenes , especially german scene . 
  also chinese and brazilian scenes . 
  valve to sponsor iem ... cmon valve do it !, 
   would really love to see iem back with cs ... 
  i did read and wrote in numerous posts that skill is not the only thing that needs to be looked at when giving out invites . 
  dh wants big numbers , therefor they need to expand the audience and they can only do that by increasing the interest of viewers in currently less developed scenes , i.e asia , sa , na and australia and so on . 
  and it should n't be just in dhs interests but ours also as it makes out for a bigger and better global scene . 
  the end goal is to have tyloo , wemadefox , mibr ... back in international competiton . 
  great idea , been missing cool designs for cs : go like sc2 has . 
  first one is a nice try though overall its not really like it should be in my opinion but keep going . 
  i opened a very similar thread yesterday and posted my list there http://sl.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/comments/1pb0s1/dreamhack_winter_dream_16_teams/, 
  though i did n't know lgb are in the finals of techlabs ... 
  it means there will be at least 4 swedish teams in the tournament which is quite a lot . 
  also i predicted navi to go through ems qualifiers and was wrong though still think they will get there . 
  need to think about it more but maybe try something with a sign , words ect . 
  ( rampage , anihalation , ace , owned ... bomb explosion ... ), 
  well on the first note the problem might be it does n't first hand say , cs ... at least not if you are looking from a distance . 
  second version is better . 
  deagle shirt though maybe outline a deagle a bit more , at least on top so that it is n't all that connected , but not too much . 
  maybe try something like a wall of the building or better yet two sign boards with one a plant spray and second b plant spray and then in the middle a player model and a big question mark to signifying trouble of not knowing where to go . 
  ( also boards showing left and right pointers ) ... just a suggestion . 
  and i agree nobody really wants counterstrike logo on the shirt , maybe try something a bit more mainstream with a counterstrike touch . 
  something like this http://www.redbubble.com/people/piwoly/works/8941477-starcraft-protoss-washed-starbucks-style?body_color=army&amp;p=t-shirt&amp;print_location=front&amp;ref=shop_grid&amp;style=mens, 
  also here are esls shirts http://www.esl-shop.net/shop/gaming-wear/901021/f.html ? 
  and also  maybe try some different colors for shirts , maybe blue and yellow like csgo theme tho i like the three color combination of grey , white , black . 
  good writeup , though wondering if streams will be on dailymotion ? 
  it ruins the enjoment of watching the game ... 
  now eswc is using dailymotion.com and while french users of hltv seems to have no lag on it , i personally have a lot of video sttutering on dm while audio seems to be good . 
  i also watched some youtube streams of football games and do n't know if they are on par with twitch with video quality and smothness of the stream but then again twitch does lag quite regulary . 
  i agree there should be some competition but do n't know if any of these listed websites can really challange the twitch.tvs dominance . 
  it 's really too bad own3d.tv went bancrupt as if they improved their preformance they could be a solid pick right now . 
  thats great too , qb injuries always have the biggest impact on the seasons though is there a franchise which got `` forgotten '' after their qb got injured ? 
  ( carrer ending injury and not qb retirment ), 
  thanks for a little puzzle , always welcome . 
  i know about justin.tv , its just another streaming platform but is it all run together , twitch and justin , just that twitch has another website ... 
  only to lose first game in the playoffs =(, 
  still a great comeback . 
  do you have any expirience with dailymotion with 10,20 k + spectators ? 
  as far as i remember last years eswc was pretty awful to follow if i remember corectly . 
  i downloaded this and istalled but do n't have any expirience with otherwise . 
  do you know how it works on dailymotion ect . 
  as i read it works there too . 
  do n't know ... kinda thinking first one tells too little , the second one too much for a casual person ... 
  though liking the skins . . 
  maybe try something with a story , something funny or something from history like tosspot : `` this is sensational '' . 
  spawn ninja defuse ect . . 
  anders you are repeating yourself , `` up close and personal '' coming up a bit too regulary , try just `` from up close '' ... 
  well it would be still great if it was implemented . 
  live content should have priority over normal content in my opinion . 
  they were on tv series friday night lights , if you have n't watched it yet i would advise you to do so . 
  great drama with high school football being the theme . 
  well do n't know if it will work , it seemed good previously . 
  great to see [ r ] back !, 
  i would really like kniferound.net to become huge ... 
  we really need a proper cs wiki . 
  hopefully with time the site will become more popular , something like liquipedia . 
  i get what your saying and agree . 
  it 's great to have different styles of skins , that way each player can personalize his things to his liking . 
  i personally like militia , inferno and dust collections , others aztec case or esports case . 
  the only thing valve needs to do now is implement character skins , that way i can be in my own style in the game . 
  and they are most likely coming as there was already some artwork published or leaked which had plenty different characters . 
  ca n't something be added in the header , upcoming games and streams could be moved there in my opinion . 
  would be more noticable . 
  top teams currently are verygames , ninjas in pyamas , astana dragons , copenhagen wolves , fnatic , sk gaming , complexity , ibuypower ... vg-nip is the biggest rivalry but all games between these teams are sure to be great . 
  you should check on twitch nipgamingtv and esltv , any match between vg-nip and also last ems1 fall finals have almost all great matches ( esltv ) ... 
  now , i 'm european so i may not be the best at saying what na needs , but in my opinion what your scene is missing the most is a community site which is focused only on cs in na region and provides news , articles , demos , match info ect . 
  in the past gotfrag was great but now you have people only on various forums like ryu 's , esea and cevo and ofcourse hltv.org . 
  there is nowhere to go for a total stranger to cs and see info specific to na competition . 
  as far as the rest of your listed things , valve is working on team matchmaking and that will probably be implemented soon . 
  if they do , it would be nice if either they implement so that you can compete with steam group teams in one big open ladder inside the game or they implemenet leagues in some way . 
  it would be great if you could search matches in-game for a specific league ( and then play it on valves servers . ), 
  in my opinion valves does n't need to create another free league they just need to find a way to give exposure in game to the ones that are currently available . 
  as far as i know altpug or some other pug service is bringing in a league system and there is also nesl ( national esl ) which could bring a lot of wounderful things to na if active , pro-series , weekly cups ect . 
  also as far as cevo guy thing , everyone that is willing to give so much time to organize the league will do it for money , you have to make a living , the proper league ca n't be run by teenagers who would do some work here an there in their free time . 
  i do n't know how cevo will turn out for you but it is your best choice at the moment in my opinion and if things change you can choose another league . 
  well esl does n't care if you are n't active , it pushes its resources elsewhere . 
  na revival movement should use free leagues and promote them , nesl , cevo and any other organizer that gives a damn . 
  national esl might get interest back if you promote it again or what ever , as far as i know they pushed cs : go when it first came out and it quickly failed . 
  now i 'm writing this as i know how esl works in eu , but i still do n't know how many people ect . 
  operate in nesl . 
  they need a response from a community and then they `` return the favor '' .
