  i agree with your ideas and hope id is already working on something for quake ( live ) . 
  i really like what valve has done with tf2 , dota2 , cs : go , where they implemented skins for weapons , cosmetics which bring money to the developer . 
  also different operations ( payback , bravo ... ) in cs : go which create a scenario where community mappers get something back , as well as developers for someone elses work put on their servers ( hosted by developers ) . 
  when all this is impleneted and game is most likely made more cartoon-like ( where graphics do n't age as quickly ) , then the only thing id needs to do is offer decent prize money for tournaments , quakecon and others which publicize the game in news and keeps players more involved . 
  id hit a jackpot when ql was on intel extreme masters , playerbase was quite big and there was enough palyers for all levels of skill ect . 
  there is a lot of work to be done , if quake is to comeback into mainstream , but who knows what id are planning , they have n't produced anything great lately . 
  good luck gumpster !, 
  hopefully uk cs : go scene begins to grow again , efforts of all this people should n't be neglected and unappreciated . 
  a quick question gumpster , how do you get people to attend lans with a mix ? 
  i know your trying to promote the idea here but how did it work in the past with iseries ? 
  more casual activities outside lan ... what brings casual teams there in the uk ? 
  ( trying to do the same thing in a local enivroment ), 
  thanks for the answer , though wondering , i heard casual teams used to have grills ect . 
  at iseries ( summer ) , how was that organized ? 
  was there open space reserved for those types of activities or it was entirely privately organized ? 
  maybe in american english , i do n't know ... 
  organization is picking up very good players , this team and cypher for ql and dota team is supposed to be great too , they really need to have strong backing . 
  gaming house in brussels , that ca n't be cheap . 
  cypher da beast !, 
  keep up the good work thorin , love these historical articles !, 
  i personally started following cs and esports scene quite late , 2k9 i think , so this articles are really a great way of getting to know what i missed . 
  well you could impose a rule that you ca n't veto a map more that once in a groupstage or twice ect . 
  i been thinking about that , which lan in the na could host a cs : go competition and came to a conclusion that the best fit would probably be quakecon , its already supposed to be the largest na lan but quake and id games have been dying slowly last couple of years and it would be in my opinion a great way to expand the lan if organizers were interested . 
  also if valve/community puts up the prize , then organizers only need to cover stage/place/hosting costs , for which sponsors should be quite easy to find . 
  i do n't think this idea is viable , valve ca n't organize that big of a byoc event by themselves , the league is the same . 
  also it does n't go with their philosophy , the international is the only event they host , and only because of the need to promote their game , dota2 , since it 's free . 
  they do n't want to be super involved into the scene like riot , they rather make options for the scene to grow naturally . 
  he 's a legendary cs caster , he tweeted today he has been casting cs for 10 years !, 
  you could add online events on the right , though maybe smaller as there are more of them . 
  may i ask which wp plugin are you using to make this list , trying to do something similar for the local/national scene . 
  thanks !, 
  a really nice gesture for eus\u00e9bio !, 
  wondering though if a benfica fan could tell me if oblak is going to be kept a starter now , or is it more likely he 's going back to the bench ? 
  also how do the fans feel about him ? 
  i see that but was n't primary goalkeeper , artur , injured ? 
  what do you think needs to change in game , cs : go , so that the game will have more playstyle options like 1.6 had ? 
  as currently rush is precieved favorable , especially online . 
  if the mappool wo n't be larger , then something needs to be done about map picking / banning system . 
  as i already said in one of the previous threads , maybe there could be a limitation on how many times you can pick/ban a map , at least in the group stage . 
  later on in the playoffs there could be a similar system , which would probably make for an interesting map picking proces for teams and fans , though teams then probably would n't always play on their strongest maps . 
  i think in group stage something like this could work , one map can only be banned once and one map can be choosen to be played for team 's pick twice . 
  hopefully something comes out of this lineup , would really like to see mouz become a force in europe again . 
  quake !, 
  you should post an overlay of the map , its hard to judge by those pictures , if it is a defuse map you should take screenshots of spawn sites , bomb sites and other imporant grounds like middle , different routes ect . 
  / \\ these cover the most major titles and genres . 
  then you have :, 
  i 'd like to see this one : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=208579464 ( castle ), 
  i 'd like to see a interview with neo or someone else from virtus.pro team since the event will be in poland ect . 
  also someone from the na'vi team , vox eminor ... 
  anyways great interviews , esl really stepping up with media content for ems and we appreciate it !, 
  first qualifications to the olympics , than a victory against slovakia and now austria !, 
  simply amazeing !, 
  golden day for slovenia olympic team ), 
  would really appriciate more information , is it custom code , can you choose a design , what are you selling ? 
  currently you 're just saying websites for esports teams without showcasing looks or the functionality . 
  looks really great , looking forward to the cs : go competition that will start it off . 
  we then now have esl studio in cologne , esgn studio in berlin , faceit !, 
  studio in milan ( ? 
  ) , this dh studio and also old 2gd `` studio '' . 
  seems like in 2014 we will have even more content than before . 
  though i do n't really see a point in esgn daily shows , at least not when there is little happening but would go for more talk shows discussing tournamnents , game development ect . 
  this dh studio seems really promising . 
  great interview , very well timed questions and nicely filmed . 
  i agree with his thoughts on lol 's lcs season/league format comparing to dota2 and it also applies to cs : go . 
  there is a problem in d2 and cs : go that we do n't have one league , ranking ect . 
  there is more stability for the game if it has more leagues and is better for growth of the game but how do we come to the end result when valve has no intention of doing what riot does and we have so many leagues and with none cs : go is the most imporant game . 
  i think there should be a disscusion about cs : go as an esport with valve , dh , esl , tournament organizers ... we need more stability in knowing when there will be big tournaments all year and have a season of tournaments somehow connected , either through collaboration or one tournament takes the lead . 
  in the past cpl and iem had that role , maybe iem takes over again , we will see . 
  either way there should be a disscusion about the scene , the game and what can/should be done . 
  i understand , though could n't there be a league with something similar like esl major series ( ems one ) , like they have in cs : go , dota 2 ect . 
  where at least the finals are played offline ? 
  thanks , i checked liquipedia and there have been two seasons , have there been announced more , is it popular ? 
  the problem is riot started supporting iem sooner then valve , also dota 2 was n't that big back when lol entered iem . 
  i am wondering though what this big new tournament will be and how it will be organized . 
  i kinda like what they have now with ems one , 3-4 ? 
  seasons per year with regular season online and offline finals . 
  if they could expand that it could be great , also wondering if cs : go will be part of this new tournament as the game is also growing . 
  while hltv is great , it does n't include smaller tournaments . 
  i was thinking about this a couple of days ago and thught valve could make something about it , might make a reddit thread when i figure it all out . 
  what i 'm thinking is that cs does n't have a way to promote tournaments outside hltv.org and other websites which only cover bigger events , mainly tournaments of continental size ( online leagues ) and valve sponsored events , which are promoted in game . 
  in my opinion valve should make a website and in game menu which promotes all tournaments ( national leagues , local lan events ect . ), 
  and gives them more meaning and encourages casual players to play in a team and not stick to solo queuing . 
  i 'm gon na say joe miller , tosspot , 2gd , redeye and djwheat because they have covered more than one game , some also a job of a host . 
  there more casters which are really good but have casted only particular game or series . 
  hello , my question is about valves stance on having nothing to do with tournament organising , which is fine as games should grow naturally but i am wondering if you have anything planned for dota2 and cs : go where there are many events , online leagues ect . 
  and nothing that connects them , nothing that connects the story from one event to another , are you looking at this problem ? 
  maybe official rankings , something else ? 
  also i would like to thank you for you continuous contributions to the video games market and pc market with non stop evolution and smart decisions and wish you the best with steam os as it is something the pc gaming scene really needs . 
  the problem i see in cs : go is that many players because of the matchmaking do n't even play in a team . 
  in the past you would join a team and search for a match on irc and then play cs as it supposed to be played , but now you get that in some way through mm . 
  what you are proposing is going back to a platform that is n't popular and is only known to older players and that never really works , maybe if valve implements it in game . 
  it would be great to be able to search for league matches in game . 
  what i would like to see is in game ladders ( for practice matches ) and maybe team achievements ect . 
  that would attract casual players to play more serious in a team . 
  care to explain dota2 chat rooms ? 
  thanks for explaining , seems like dota2 has all this great features and cs : go community is simply waiting for valve to recreate them in cs . 
  i agree , was thinking the same though it would n't be in game and not as many people would take notice , also having valve behind it , gives it credibility and who would do all the work of putting every tournament out there on the website ? 
  kniferound.net is trying but there is n't enough man power . 
  with this idea , tournament organizers would do the work and valve would only need to check it . 
  it 's not that you ca n't get used to it but one place for everything is better and also promotes the game better .
