  also where do you go for news on asian , south american leagues info ? 
  is it in english ? 
  attracting the casual players is a big point behind this idea , similar to what lcs is doing for lol . 
  while i agree they have great production , you ca n't choose based only on that . 
  they are yet to host an offline event and who knows how they will run that and of what scale it will be . 
  also the next event should n't be hosted in europe , would be great if in north or south america or asia . 
  great !, 
  going to see more of starbuck right away in mousesports uniform !, 
  http://www.twitch.tv/esltv_cs/c/3896795 first map ;, 
  http://www.twitch.tv/esltv_cs/c/3897119 second map . 
  i really like mousesports sweaters , would wore something like that . 
  esl posted this . 
  yt ems one playlist . 
  go counter-strike !, 
  the great thing is there is still a lot of place to grow . 
  the asian market has still not transfered away from 1.6 , crossfire ... same with south american scenes , brazilian esspecially , though i feel like these scenes will still need some time to transfer because of the game requirements . 
  it was great , espeacially because of the crowd . 
  the only thing i missed were frag replays , would love to see them added at the next event . 
  you think this should first be privately designed and promoted and later make official ? 
  you could make rankings ect . 
  privately with a lot of work and man power but you can only do that for pro level tournaments , that does n't do much for casual and amateur players . 
  also deciding on how to give out points ( how much ) to tournaments is a problem that needs serious math behind it . 
  why i am pushing this is because i help our local lan community and see what brings younger players out to play , what they are interested in . 
  if you give them something of an importance to play for they will play , but in smaller scenes you ca n't get them interested with money but need to create an interest elsewhere and this where this idea comes from . 
  to create an interest for lower level teams to keep playing and participating in online tournaments and local lans . 
  to offer them in game stickers , points which account for national ranking and those rankings get you a qualification spot for the next iem , ems ect . 
  in other posts people also came to the conclusion of a governing body but that is hard to create when there is nothing financing it , also who would work there , who has the time for it ? 
  because of that i feel valve should create this and later a union of players and managers could take it off their shoulders , when there is a way to finance it . 
  steel , did you spectate the game only from one angle at the time or did you have more monitors ? 
  i think something like that makes a job a lot easier though i guess you would need more pcs connected to the server . 
  would be great if you could specate more pov at once if your pc can handle it . 
  what is your expirience with this ? 
  it 's kinda sad na does n't have one viable lan event that could host a tournament of this scale . 
  when i looked on the net , the biggest event is quakecon and biggest cs event is lan ets in canada if i am correct . 
  if it was possible though i think old school game series like cs and quake could stick together and make a good pair for one event , if id software would n't mind having cs : go at quakecon , and since its mainly run by volunteers so fans could help out . 
  though you would still need someone to run the video production and all that . 
  they prefer that someone else organizes the tournament , they do n't want to become a tournament organizing company , rather they create tools for those companies and help already esablished tournaments to flourish . 
  the international is only there because they need to market dota , which is free to play and dota2 does n't have that strong of a lan scene as cs : go does . 
  i understand prizes are too small and thought about an event that could be supported by valves community funds . 
  so i checked qcon dates and it 's in july , same as the int. , about 4 months away , which would be similar to what dhw and iem were seperated by , though do n't know if valve are available to host both tournaments at once , since most of the company helps with the preparations for ti if i am not wrong . 
  was thinking maybe dreamhack would get it , if they did indeed plan to expand to canada as it was rumored , as they know how to organize an event of such scale , though canada is n't on the 2014 list so it probably wo n't happen this year ... or they surprise us all and announce it in a couple of weeks . 
  you thinking team deathmatch , deathmatch or defuse mode ? 
  if only there was a champions league like competition between all these clubs , hopefully next years chl will be succesful and become stronger each year . 
  i 'm sorry but i believe champions hockey league should first get europe under its wings and then some sort of international club hockey competiton can be hosted if there is an interest , similar to fifa club world cup . 
  european hockey needs to take the next step and create a continental competiton but still be based on national leagues similar how football/soccer is in my opinion , at least there where national leagues are strong enough . 
  upvote live content people , http://news.esea.net/csgo/index.php?s=news&amp;d=comments&amp;id=13701 here is more info about the event . 
  top eight teams in east asia compete in this tournament , more information about the tournament can be found here : http://www.hltv.org/news/12245-east-asian-championship-2014, 
  tournament is organized by go asap and is played online for the first prize of 500 dolars plus material prizes . 
  many teams in this previously competed at msi beat it !, 
  great to see , hopefully cs : go gets a tour also ? 
  not to stop you from dreaming about major tournament but na should in my opinion start to show more respect to smaller lan events and grow them . 
  dreamhack was n't always as big and only players that kept attending and good work of the organizers made the event that is today . 
  same with other events around eu ; iseries , frag-o-matic , the gathering , copenhagen games , ect . 
  good job so far , it is n't easy running a site like this which constantly needs updates of content . 
  what i would personaly like to see is more content from the scenes which are n't that known , asian , brazilian , australian leagues ect . 
  do n't know if interviewers and reporters is what you need , since most of that is already covered by esporsheaven , hltv.org , ongamers , esea news and more but more people certainly . 
  would volunteer but already work for one webiste for free , anyways , i wish you good luck with the move and hopefully the site can keep growing . 
  dreamleague is currently running its first season , check teamliquid , gosugamers . 
  as for cs : go , it was included in last years dh open if i 'm not wrong . 
  at least it was played at dh valencia , bucharest , summer , winter ... 
  the problem in asia is popularity of suden attack , counter-strike online 2 ect . 
  + lower end harware . 
  though major events there would change that with time but who would organize a proper event for cs : go there ... 
  also would valve sponsor an event there while they are partnered with nexon for cs :o ? 
  i am predicting next esl one will be in na , probably cs : go only since dota2 will need a break after july though later this year might be in automn , winter ... was it indicated when they are announcing ? 
  i think valve would support an event like this , since na still did n't get a major in cs : go . 
  would like to see kyan1te cast with a co-caster this tournament , kyan - henryg might be a good pair . 
  why did i get hungry all of a sudden ? 
  i agree though wcs-like play system could work out great with having the regular season played online plus some of the playoffs and then a final four offline , maybe even in the same week as 1v1 finals . 
  great interview and a great map !, 
  my q. , when is your l2gg.net ( website ) coming out and what are your plans with the website , platform for educational gaming videos or more than that ? 
  do n't know if it was already debated live on air but wcs team leagues ? 
  also how they could work , offline , offline + online , online only ... 
  why are all these na streams getting downvoted heavily ? 
  well it was supposed to be live then , could n't predict if it would start in a minute , 5 or tomorrow ... 
  by the way esgn tv is also casting the lan : http://www.twitch.tv/esgntv_cs, 
  looks great , will definitely try it out . 
  from what i seen on overview i would though adivise you that right side attacking route should have a shorter rotation way to get back to mid , currently you either go into the site or go back to spawn , i think there could be a path where you have a blue line on older overview . 
  looks great !, 
  good luck !, 
  if you are simply looking for people to add times of the matches , results and streams you should also find some from asian and australian territory , also south america . 
  those scenes need more exposure . 
  sounds great to me , though am wondering why only 8 teams ? 
  i belive more teams would like to compete for the prize purse of 20k dollars . 
  sounds greats , though why only 8 teams ? 
  with the prize purse of 20k dollars i think more teams would like to compete for it . 
  thought that might be it , will you have games scheduled over one day per week or are you looking for one game per day / four days per week schedule ? 
  anyway looking forward to it and are there any pictures of the new studio in the uk and why the move or whats with two studios , whats the plan ... 
  great site , hopefully it gets popular !, 
  glad we made it , was really close ... our 20-year-old goalkeeper luka gra\u010dnar was named mvp and had 95.96 % save percentage , hopefully he keeps on training and gets to play in the nhl someday . 
  jan urbas also saved us ... 
  all awards :, 
  individual awards ( selected by the tournament directorate ), 
  best defenceman : dominique heinrich , austria, 
  best forward : jan mursak , slovenia, 
  most valuable player ( selected by the media ), 
  luka gracnar , slovenia, 
  all-star team ( selected by the media ), 
  gk : luka gracnar , slovenia, 
  de : dominique heinrich , austria,
