the way i see this could be organized is that top teams managers would take the point and create a small group which would set up a place to donate money and also organize with dh so they give invites to this/ese team ( s ) and also with local tournament organizers which would host a tournament with top team getting this prize of going to dh . 
  well i thought that they would just mainly overlook things and other community members could do the work but i believe some respect and connections are needed in order to this being realized . 
  also if group would do also other projects and work for the long run i believe these managers would only do it for them as it would increase popularity of cs : go and bring more sponsors and money . 
  great input . 
  i also think it would bring in more viewers as players from different continents have their own fans . 
  it 's the same as what premier league teams are doing by bringing in asian players which spike the interest and followers in his part of the world for their team . 
  we kinda need this , #narevival and similar actions need to be supported . 
  na scene has problems and so does sa , brazillian scene . 
  also we do n't know much about asian scene but with bringing here one of their teams you can increase the interest for the game there . 
  well you already have people working on some of the problems , like movement fix and maps , community selforganized and it got some interest from valve , so if all this actions were brought together , valve would need to take us more seriously and if done properly even support us in anyway they can , maybe badges for those who help , even sponsor the cause ect . 
  i 'm not exactly sure but from what i hear/read na is missing two things , 1st being smaller tournaments , cups and drafts , as there is a problem with getting new players into the competitive scene and into teams and 2nd being lans with decent prizepot for professional teams . 
  for this i think tournaments / lans like madcatz which are hosted by esportsheaven all over europe would be perfect . 
  8 to 16 teams are invited based on other leagues results and availability and maybe some regional teams . 
  thanks a lot for this , played around a bit by myself but could n't find the right coordinates . 
  though i still have a problem in main menu where buttons for play , option ect . 
  are to far to the left and i can see only half of them . 
  anyone know how to fix that ? 
  thanks . 
  hi , i recently instaled 1.2.3 version of competitivehud and while i got everything organized in-game i do have a small problem in mainmenu . 
  buttons ( ? ), 
  for play , options ect . 
  in the down left corner are only seen half way , half ( more like quarter ) of the text is hidden outside the screen . 
  if anyone could provide a solution i would really appreciate it . 
  i know it 's a small problem but would really like to solve it . 
  and my resolutionis 1280 * 1024 , thank you for taking interest . 
  thanks a lot , it worked !, 
  you could get 150k easily . 
  for a event like this you would have players who played 1.6 and now do n't play cs : go tune in , also those that currently play css and others who play other games like quakelive and tf2 . 
  also there is a lot more people playing the game than concurrent players . 
  in the past cs already had events with 100k people watching , mostly during cpl but also later iem . 
  if valve fixes the game and makes it f2p , we do n't need them to host a lan , we will get bigger tournaments on our own . 
  i believe all this will happen in time but i still see a problem with convinceing asian community , mainly s.korea , china who have bigger communities to switch to cs : go from cs :o and later cs :o 2 . 
  i like the idea and have also thought about a idea like this myself , though a bit different . 
  what we can currently do is wait for valve to fix the game but we could also help our community ourselves . 
  i believe something like this could be done for dh : w ( currently the largest tournament for cs : go ) ; some group would organize a donation place and we the community could donate to improve the cs : go prizepot . 
  i also thought we could help fund teams from different continents to make the trip to dh : w but its questionable if both donation funds are good to do or chosing one over the other . 
  with funding trips i believe a cs : go tournament would get a international feel and spark more interest for the community as well as expand its interest elsewhere and give smaller , far away scenes something to play for , compete . 
  could you ask how is a quake/1v1 fps game to get bigger viewership when its playerbase is so low ? 
  2gds reborn might be done really well but how will it attract as much viewers as starcraft2 ? 
  i think all this hate for thorin si coming from that he continues to ask the same question in a different way even when he is getting the same answer all over again . 
  also maybe its just me but their lineup is in my opinion lacking color , carn and lurppis have very similar thoughts ( both ex-1 .6 pros ) , while thorin is also giving too much emphasis on cs1 .6 questions and also answers . 
  lurppis does n't even play the game ( cs : go ) ect . 
  you ca n't get a proper grip of the game if you do n't even play it , get acustumed to it . 
  i also watch american football but still i have very little idea how it is to play it , therefor i can hardly comment on its foults and problems . 
  we need new maps , i ca n't stand playing the same maps all over again and again . 
  while i like nuke , dust_2 , inferno , train we should slowly move away from them and maybe have 2 of classic maps in the mappool max . 
  this classic maps should return to the mappool after some time away , i 'd personally really like to see de_cbble back for a season or two . 
  also xyp9x is amazing , good luck to him !, 
  i did n't say its perfect in the current state but would really like a remake . 
  also i do n't know where the hate is coming from when everyone complains that they are tired of these old maps . 
  the problem with larger mappools is that then you get to veto and some teams are too lazy to learn new maps so they just veto new maps out and you do n't see them played . 
  if you put some old maps out , then all teams need to learn new maps . 
  '' `` the device `` allows unprecedented control of light , '' he said , with immediate applications in 3-d photolithography ( micro - or nano-scale printing with light ) , optical switching ( turning light circuits on and off ) and imaging . 
  the researchers are also exploring strange physical effects that veselago argued would be possible with a negatively refracting flat lens , including negative radiation pressure -- pulling objects by shining light on them . '' '', 
  if this helps . 
  does n't matter , they are a podcast on the happenings in the cs scene and current cs scene is playing cs : go !, 
  http://urbanevents.nl/wzzrd/ check this out . 
  wzzrd gaming center , i do n't speak dutch so the webiste is usless to me but this is a gaming center in enschede , the netherlands . 
  all i know is that call of duty 4 community and also enemy territory previously had lans there . 
  maybe something for you to look at . 
  custom maps like mill , season , contra in mm would be insane , 
  it 's not just extremely late in europe , it was 2 am . 
  i do n't know why the tournament ca n't start 10,11 cet , then i would watch until 1 am . 
  but when you already have a start that late ... 
  though , it seems it will be a bit better for the second and third day . 
  really great project !, 
  things are already looking a whole lot better for cs : go !, 
  too bad sa did n't get their own qualifier , hope they at least invite one team . 
  could someone please explain this nonstop request for better mm server , i would like them too but i do n't see the point in having them since mm is intended to be the bridge between casual and competitive community and it works really well . 
  the casuals do n't see the server problems and they do n't care , the ones that care are semi pro players from competitive community but for those mm is not the first place to be . 
  those players are suggested to use esea , altpug , faceit , ect . 
  services as there they can find sameminded players and not scream on mm on some noob who is playing his first mm game -, 
  you need an observer who controls the camera , if you watched ems one finals you know what i am talking about . 
  there was steel who observed the game and controled the camera perfectly , with little to no mistakes and it made the spectator expirience a whole lot better . 
  though redeye also made everything better . 
  another thing , i am still not sure about is x-ray being on all the time . 
  i think we should define in which moments it should be turned on , in normal gameplay it should be in my opinion turned off . 
  i agree , though would n't it be better to it being turned on between that action and not disturbe the game otherwise . 
  though in current state cs : go probably needs xray on for spectators since characters are hard to identify from the background , even more on a low quality stream . 
  i do n't understand , they complain there are n't enough new players entering competitive scene then again they lock it down so just they can play the tournament . 
  do n't know one thing na revival did right , well at least they raised more money for top teams . 
  if thats the point they should host a major open tournament with winning team being sent to dh or something with the raised money . 
  i would really like custom characters , them bieng organization and nation themed . 
  so you could buy custom skins of professional teams and nations and also custom character skins which you could color custumize for your own team ( colors could be limited ) , example you could change the color of the sleeves , armor , add a badge ect . 
  its not wasted time and its not about less skilled teams getting stomped but that they get to experience professional enviroment and get to appriciate it . 
  thats how you get fans , followers ect . 
  it same with other sports , you play with a ball as a kid and realize how hard it is to do something like a pro . 
  also open tournament involves the whole scene and gets eveyone to play and train ect . 
  the open tournament takes more work but if you want to revitalize the scene that work needs to be done . 
  it also means a lot to newb player when he plays against a pro player even if gets stomped and a medium skilled player making a lucky shot on a pro or getting his game streamed by a commentator . 
  what kind of a work are you looking for with photoshop ? 
  ( website , bradning , video inserts ... ) also , you are located in na , right ? 
  and next time try to first find a similar thread/post please . 
  this topic has come up very often lately . 
  also this links are from the sidebar , next time check that first . 
  it 's in sek ( swedish krona ) , its 348017.04 euro and 461855.52 us dollar, 
  i agree , valve is on the right track , what i am asking is , are we as a community on a right track and are tournament organizers on the right track , all of them together ? 
  how has there been an increase of viewers ? , i watch almost every day and it is a constant 2-3000 viewers , with exceptions getting 5-6k . 
  and same amount of viewers were three months ago . 
  maybe there was a slight growth but still the entertinment value has decreased or is the same even though it should have increased as skill level is improving .
