  we need to get stronger as a team mentally to break into the top tier level and some progress has been made this year already with not giving up and playing till the final whistle but i would also like to see more belief in our team from the fans . 
  i wish the team had full support from the fans even when it is having a bad game and push them to give more . 
  hope we as fans can get over questioning everything and provide that full support needed and make our own luck . 
  lol, 
  great debut goal by verbi\u010d to bring home the three points !, 
  that aside why is novakovi\u010d still starting games ? 
  it 's not like he is gon na be able to play at the next world cup if we get there with his age ... 
  not much movement and creativity upfront from poland , though slovenia is defending quite well . 
  good job op , would be interesting to see how clubs fare in other top5 european leagues . 
  could anyone post ili\u010di\u010d 's second goal or at least say how it happened ? 
  thanks . 
  do n't worry , verbi\u010d is gon na score ... hopefully !, 
  magic !, 
  great to see perez score but the way the team is playing is just amazing , apart from some defensive blunders . 
  really like the fluidity in the attack . 
  amusing article though i would consider this side early summer and past couple of season new spring as the team grew again and is now looking again complete and ready for the heat . 
  there is a lot to know about the game of football , about the defenses and offenses . 
  something that is specific to arsenal are our players and our manager , now how that translates into the game is that offensively certain players have more freedom in the attack , i.e. 
  \u00d6zil is usually all over the place from left wing to the right and making runs into the box centrally . 
  alexis makes the runs at defences and pushes them further back and likes to open on the wing and comes from time to time also for the ball back to the middle of the pitch and takes it further . 
  ramsey also has more freedom in his game though it depends on which postion he plays . 
  on the wings our players also have different attributes/playstyles and different assignments from the manager , i.e. 
  theo makes more runs down the wing than iwobi who opens up on the wing and takes the ball more centrally where he usually passes it to someone . 
  then on the defensive side you also need to look which players are playing , this year we have faster centerbacks and fullbacks and that translates to more presses up the pitch , while last year with mertesacker this was more risky as he is slower and more positional/physical defender . 
  also this year we play more ball from the back with mustafi being more creative and finding a lot of passes further down the pitch . 
  we usually do n't gegenpress , meaning we do n't press the opponent right away after we lost it and with all players , though we did do it in certain games for smaller time periods , but wenger might be playing the long game here as full season gegenpressing takes a big toll on the players in already very physical league . 
  then there is midfield ... and i need to get back to work . 
  watch and play some football mate , you will learn couple of things . 
  coyg !, 
  i 'm calling lucas , ramsey and elneny to get subbed in with lucas scoring one . 
  coyg !, 
  i agree , lucas and elneny looks more likely , though i 'd like to see ramsey get an appearance on his birthday . 
  got to keep taking three points . 
  coyg !, 
  this but with coquelin instead of xhaka for some defensive cover . 
  we will see how he handles the english style football , hope he does well . 
  i hope he stays at least till the end of the season and gets another chance . 
  i do n't trust jenkinson to be a good enough backup yet ... 
  cheeky iwobi lol !, 
  could watch for hours !, 
  savvas mourgos cought my eye from last u23 game and maitland-niles is quite good and is getting chances in the first team . 
  we should get more bots into this sub , i like seeing old action . 
  like peyton manning bot with all his tds as gifs . 
  also elway bot with top plays and quotes from being the gm . 
  also noflyzone , oldskool orange crush ... 
  tony adams , mr. arsenal . 
  good luck to him , hopefully he grows further . 
  one promising player !, 
  he is a special player for us , his agressive pressing is unmatched and his defensive contribution . 
  what i 'd like to see him improve is his movement in the final thrid and being more conscious of what the team is trying to do during the attack . 
  hoping for ox , welbeck and perez in the attack with theo getting some minutes . 
  great guy , dat guy !, 
  partnerships of this kind are probably going to start popping up more often now . 
  there were some already but with nba teams buying esports teams marketing strategist elsewhere also took note . 
  great strike !, 
  great to see #plts on reddit , keep up the good job / u/loveisokay !, 
  i went through the list and think there might be more candidates considered from the club and i like some names . 
  but for right away success which the fanbase is desperate for arsene wenger might still be the best option . 
  this is under the condition that he signs one year contract and says it is his last at arsenal no matter the result . 
  this might convince wenger out fans to let him be for the last season and fully support the club . 
  players would give everything every game for the manager and board might provide wenger with more financial support in summer and winter transfer windows . 
  wenger should ( over ) spend to get the best players he wants and play each week tactically for the win and not to develop players through the season . 
  i think you made a correct point in having someone next to wenger to offload his work and also provide a different perspective . 
  wenger is very analitical and goes through every problem to the best of his abilities and usually makes correct conclusions under the known facts but his process has been the same for years and we need someone to distrupt it if he stays . 
  my question is who could this be ? 
  i 'm a younger fan and do n't know all the politics that went on through the years but would dein , viera be an option ? 
  it needs to be a person that has strong opinions and is respected by wenger and also by the fans and is connected with arsenal in some way . 
  do we need someone in the role of a sporting director ? 
  you are probably right and new assistant manager is an interesting option . 
  still think we need someone like viera who could bring back some mental strength and provide different perspective for the manager . 
  slovenia can be counted as a balkan country , as well as central european country but some people might get offended because slovenians try to distance themselves from the former yugoslavian countrymen which are relatively poorer and countries are less developed in the south . 
  he explained it in the interview . 
  he needs someone up front that can guard the ball and head it while in the box as that is how he invisions the game against scotland . 
  i think he is going to slowly phase out novakovi\u010d and phase in zahovi\u010d in the upcoming year . 
  especially if he is then considered as first in line to succeed wenger ... 
  though both wenger and viera would probably agree on him finishing his job at the current club properly and being respectful to the city group who gave him his chance first . 
  good luck rijeka !, 
  before a new striker , we need a top creative midfielder who can replace cazorla . 
  we can score goals but our creativity and stability in the midfield is hurting us most in tough games . 
  also both lb and rb if debuchy is n't staying and is n't good enough would need to be replaced . 
  i did n't watch wilshire as much as i would like to this season to make a proper assessment if he should stay/leave but cazorla needs to get a contract extention , though to play in a more quality back-up role than clear first choice . 
  our team works best when we have a pair of one creative midfielder who is also solid in defence and one destructor . 
  without cazorla and coquelin our midfield pairings work only against semi difficult opposition which are n't scared to play open football with us . 
  who should get some rest after sundays game ? 
  i would say probably ox and giroud with bellerin and welbeck as replacements though there is a lot to consider given chamberlains form in the 343 system , which is probably ideal for him . 
  great ride by polanc !, 
  good job . 
  great project by the arsenal foundation !, 
  lovely video . 
  scoutnation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ncn_lcicko&amp;t=7s, 
  seems like a quality cm with good passes in the attack and interceptions in defence . 
  also a captain at 22/23 . 
  xhaka is a possibility but needs to improve his english in my opinion as he is not yet able to properly express himself , especially in the game when communication needs to be fast . 
  i would say cech will be captain if wenger stays and koscielny co-captain or maybe reversed . 
  i agree , was just thinking cech is more vocal and more suited for the job ... 
  i like your last sentence on wenger , hoping for the same . 
  great player , great article !, 
  hoping polanc wins gc . 
  seems like a lumpy 1 . stage indeed , up the hill right from the start . 
  rain incoming , last 50km are going to be wet --,
