  too bad for the crashes but mezgec played it perfectly . 
  great write up , was interested to see who won previously and only mexico won out of this group . 
  cameroon has one second place . 
  great to see delamea get his first goal , how strong are new england this year ? 
  thanks for answering , here 's to hoping that kamara finds his form and you push for the playoffs . 
  would be great to see him get champions league football at last , he deserves it . 
  the weather is usually the best in spring in slovenia and especially in may as april is a rainy month and then everything starts blooming . 
  later on it gets hotter but visits to vintgar gorge and other `` cold '' places are that much more enjoyable . 
  in autumn the temperatures should peak somewhere around 20 \u00b0 c / 70 \u00b0 f and around 10/50 in the morning . 
  autumn is great in it 's own way with a great mix of color in nature . 
  enjoy your trip !, 
  those words around 10 minute mark ... 
  great goal , hope gorica scores more . 
  good luck to him , he needs to find his form again . 
  he is 4 behind on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tour_de_france_records_and_statistics would be great to see him beat the record but it 's gon na be hard this year with his form . 
  arsenal are not selling sanchez to city , if he would have insisted on leaving he would have been sold to bayern . 
  great idea for a third kit . 
  what is happening with kampl , any rumours about him leaving ? 
  great discussion . 
  hope to see them do it again in six months time or in a year . 
  we really need to improve our commercial deals and get back to te champions league . 
  in the end we just need to perform on the field this year and i believe we will . 
  for the lazy  they discussed our transfer money , which should be around 90m with no sales and then we need to make room in the wage bill ( cut underperformers ) in order to get new deals for \u00d6zil and sanchez up to 300k per week or 15m per year . 
  they also compared our wage and commercial deals with other rivals and pointed out our gate revenue is slowly losing its advantage compared to other clubs as liverpool have incresed their seats and spurs are moving soon . 
  most competitors have better and also newer comercial deals , which bring them a lot more money as we are on 30m from emirates and also puma , which deal ends next season . 
  then also cl money vs. el money , which could be a difference of around 30m ... 
  i believe they will be quite even though we will score more goals with sanchez , walcott , giroud ... 
  lol thought it was already over , turned tv off and then tavares scores the winner !, 
  would be something if viera took over from wenger someday , though do n't know how capable he is as a manager . 
  come on arsenal !, 
  finally new season begins . 
  good job mr. president !, 
  legend !, 
  great talent , the fee is supposed to be 1 million euros plus 10 % of the next sale . 
  oh the scenes when messi destroys psg by himself , 
  good job dom\u017eale , well played !, 
  that napoli v. nice draw is gon na be exciting as ... , 
  that run by tony adams , really remarkable !, 
  great write up , hope to see more !, 
  it 's really great to read up on the arsenal history , in which decades we won the cup , which formation and manager was involved , how we came there ... 
  some might not care as much because it 's the shield but it still shows we were competitive the previous seasons in the league and in the fa cup . 
  maybe do one for each league win or fa cup  though there are already some great articles on https://www.arsenal.com/history , so maybe not necessary . 
  hope to se more of ox and kolabeast as wingbacks , some raw power on both ends . 
  dom\u017eale to surprise marseille , 
  dom\u017eale have a good squad but coach simon ro\u017eman is the one that gets them to play on another level , really good young coach . 
  i liked henry 's analysis and am glad xhaka seen it too . 
  i 'm sure their understanding of each other will improve with time and we will see more effective counter attacks by arsenal this season . 
  jan repas to score !, 
  does n't matter , let 's go maribor !, 
  it 's your final season as a player , so do you ever close your eyes and see yourself with the premier league trophy ? 
  i see it . 
  it 's really important for me to clarify that i want to give 100 per cent . 
  i want arsenal to be champions of england . 
  that 's something we have n't achieved in my time here . 
  champions of a nation is something i look up to and think is something we have to achieve . 
  so , i have been juggling with this idea for sometime and am wondering what others think about it . 
  the basic idea is to set up a group consisting of respected community members , like managers from top teams like nip , navi , vg , vp , quantic , ... to push some community driven goals with the first possible one being rasing money to send a team who ca n't afford it ( being far away ) to dreamhack winter . 
  this is the link to what team fortress community did and i think our community could do the same . 
  send a brazillian ( sa ) team or australian , asian team ( teams from different continents that ca n't afford it ) ect . 
  to dreamhack winter . 
  if you did n't look at the link , tf2 community raised enough money that they sent 2 na teams to eu lan i46 and in return players did something for a donation . 
  ( half an hour with a pro , a hour with a pro ect . ), 
  if enough people would support this idea something similar could be set up by our commmunity and create better and more global competition at dhw in the end . 
  also this idea would create some motivation for those scenes to continue playing or start again as they do n't have enough support currently . 
  also if this group would be set up other things could be done as well . 
  with one probably being a proper team ranking system and official mappool for the season and a gameplay fixing group ( finding and testing solutions for certain problems ) , mapmaking competitions , rasing money to increase a prizepot at a certain event , help improve the cs ( go ) wiki that is kniferound.net ect . 
  as the title explains we are recently in times when there is simply too much from viewers perspective , at least in eu and all on same competitive level . 
  to put it in perspective last night there were top matches for msi beat it !, 
  qualifiers and ems one fall cup , a day before same matches for sltv starseries and past weekend the same for faceit cup . 
  in two weeks also esea starts and european championship and eswc qualifiers . 
  all very similar matches for each of these tournaments and since similar games are so often , teams ca n't properly prepare in my opinion and also viewers are bored of it and tournaments lack prestige or whatever , there is no proper structure for csgo competitions currently , all on the same level , non stop , no hype . 
  this weekend there is dh bucharest , which is quite stacked , but we have seen teams that are going to participate there play versus each other past week all the time , how can a viewer be motivated to see a same match third time in the same week and how can teams properly play when they need to hide strategies or test them and show them off right before a lan . 
  i do n't know what should be done , since none of the online competitons are winning over each other to get better teams , they all get the best , but are they at their best ? 
  something should be done , what , i do n't know , but in my opinion we should start preparing for the next year , it 's not all valves fault . 
  as the title says , we ( the community ) need a replay function incorporated into a specatator mode . 
  cs : go is already hard to follow to a non player or even a casual cs player and new x-ray function did help a bit in that manner and also autodirector but it ( x-ray ) also takes away some of the actions enjoyment ( ? ) . 
  while its not valves fault casters are using x-ray , we still need a replay function as even if we do n't miss the action , its sometimes so fast its too amazing to not see it again in a replay in slow motion . 
  tournament organizers can have video producers doing match highlights that are shown between games but while game is on that is not possible . 
  i 'm do n't know if you , valve , are already working on it , then great but if you are n't you should really get to work on it as we need it before dreamhack winter !, 
  in my opinion the replay function should have an ability to quick save the top actions of the round ( first frags , clutches 1vxs , three frags in couple of seconds ect . ), 
  which can be then shown with a click on the action at the end of the round . 
  also , slowmotion function and an ability to mark postions of the players and their future movement ( something similar to nfl ? ), 
  so that casters can also break down the tactics ect . 
  when they have the time for it and show us what cs is all about as now all we get to see is top notch actions , which is nice and some game insight from a pro player but he can only call the starting postions and rotations ect . 
  and not how tactics are played out , with smokes , flashes ect . 
  as the title says what would be your dream 16 teams at dreamhack winter . 
  i have been wondering a lot about it lately as it 's gon na be the tournament for history and it better have everything as good as it gets . 
  now my dream 16 is not completely a dream but more or less based on current circonstances . 
  remember there are already 6 teams on the list and then there are 3 invites left and 2 online qualifiers spots , 2 lan qual . 
  techlabs finals spot and 2 byoc qual . 
  spots . 
  my dream 16 :, 
  [ swe ] ninjas in pyamas - already invited, 
  [ cis ] astana dragons - already invited, 
  [ usa/na ] complexity - already invited, 
  [ fra ] verygames - already invited, 
  [ swe/den ] n!faculty - qualified through dh valencia, 
  [ swe ] sk gaming - qualified through dh bucharest, 
  [ aus ] vox eminor - to invite, 
  [ cn ] nface - to invite,
