  i believe there is shortage of servers as valve probably did n't expect as much new players . 
  it will probably come when its ready , most likely in spring next year . 
  i do n't think trading and such will come into the game as its already in steam , though finding scrims/wars/team matches will probably come and will hopefully be integrated with leagues so that you can search for esl , cevo ect . 
  ladder game in-game . 
  scrim problem might also be fixed with team-matchmaking . 
  actually it was big in europe and na , organizations like eg , fnatic , sk gaming , mousesports ect . 
  all had a cod4 teams and it had two years in which summers were the peak with the expirience and antwerp esport festival both with about 30k euros in prizes . 
  similar might happen to new battlefield but developer needs to support it . 
  i played cod2 and cod4 , later moved on to css and some cs1 .6 . 
  and too bad kajsk1ng and other fnatic css players are n't playing cs : go . 
  i do n't mind console esports but modern coduties on console have aim assist and you play competitively with it and then you have airstrikes ect . 
  ... its okey on public but not in competition in my eyes . 
  what is tactical there ? 
  halo games as far as i know where more skillful but now activision throws money into cod tournaments every year and calls it esports and older followers of esports ca n't accept that as quake , cs , sc are all a lot harder and deserve place in esports more than new cods . 
  i am not sure but in my opinion the biggest problem in na is not having a dedicated news portal for cs like gotfrag.com was . 
  you need a common place to get all the news on competition in your region . 
  i do n't know if esea forums ect . 
  cut it , also hltv.org has its focus more on eu scene and international competitions . 
  you do n't have a open public site to get all the info you need , as roster changes , which online competitions are free and currently active , daily cups , lans in certain state ... 
  if you had a site like this you could easily add a mirc plugin to find scrims and everything would be in one place . 
  also there is this http://www.scrimr.com/ site in beta but if there was enough interest they would probably quickly expand to cs : go , they are planing to already but are curently at dota2 only . 
  as for you post , i think leaving those services is not the best idea but adding upon them is . 
  drafts would probably be a great thing as then you play with your pug buddies more matches together and some can become enough comfortable with eachother to later start a team ect . 
  though your idea of a common place is great but do n't know if going back to mirc is the best option . 
  most of all you need to find a way to unite the community as then you can control where you want to go as a whole . 
  my idea would be to have a dedicated na cs community portal for everything , maybe gotfragged.com , 
  i believe article is not saying cod4 was the biggest fps at the time ( 2008,2009 ) but had a good chance to get there before activision screwed it all up . 
  also quake ... with quakelive did for a year or two came back and was quite popular ( during the time it was on iem , for two seasons i believe ) though never as big as in the past . 
  so this factual errors are more or less based on subjective opinion which are in my opinion welcomed in an article , though to an extent . 
  the biggest difference is you ca n't spray as easily in cs : go as is css . 
  in 1.6 and css you corrected the aim to the left and downward as the recoil got stronger but in cs : go you need to go down to the left and then right back to left ( also depends if you are playing left/right hand in-game ) , basically the reciol is zig zaging . 
  you should check it on a wall in-game . 
  its only for ak and m4 , forgot to mention that . 
  its my impression , i played 1.6 a lot less than css that spray pattern was just bigger in 1.6 than css but otherwise the same , i might be wrong . 
  i check on youtube and your right , pretty similar . 
  what are you looking for , i might help . 
  the biggest sites covering cs : go are hltv.org and esportsheaven.com but also some other sites cover it from time to time . 
  if your interested in a league , since you have uk in your nickname i might add esl uk is respawning currently and are hosting an open league a-series and if there is anought interest they will bring back the eps , pro series . 
  this happend during the video tour by esh richard lewis http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_qjc4zw5y4&amp;feature=c4-overview&amp;list=uuopdfehki8vqcgrabrj7afa, 
  also the interview later with sir scoots : http://www.esportsheaven.com/news/63961/dh-winter-sirscoots-interview, 
  well cs is n't that close of a community . 
  you have pug services like http://faceit.com/home and http://altpug.com/ and http://www.esl.eu/eu/versus/ also people regulary post on esh forums for matchmaking buddies or teams searching for players . . 
  i just hope esl picks up cs : go for iems next season . 
  imagine tournaments all over the world , redeye hosting , joe miller casting ... 
  hoping we move forward in 2014 , with na getting stronger aswell as brazilian and asian communities . 
  in my opinion it should be a tournament like dreamhack was , top teams invited with some byoc spaces to get qualified at the event itself . 
  you should check nipgamingtv on twitch , also esltvcs and http://www.twitch.tv/dreamhackcs/profile, 
  interesting , dreamhack expanding to moscow , russia and possibly na , canada . 
  would be great if it was somewhere in the west , so that the time difference is smaller with europe . 
   probably toronto or montreal . 
  so in 2014 we are going to see 6 possibly 7 dreamhack tournaments , ca n't wait !, 
  one point that was n't mentioned but is my opinion an important one is that vg did n't have time to properly prepare for dreamhack winter and nip match-up as they went to china . 
  nip on the other hand had all the time in the world to prepare and anti-strat vg . 
  while fnatic did too go to china , it was benificial for them more so as for vg as they needed to get their teamwork sorted with pronax on and lan tournaments are the best thing for that . 
  i believe had vg not went to china they would have beaten nip and won the tournament . 
  great to see the initiative , this one looks great , more on the way ? 
  would really like to see more cs shirts which are more casual than ones made in the past . 
  great articles , though wondering if there would be enough interest for cs : go as there are n't as many players . 
  maybe when there is another big tourney like dreamhack winter ... 
  i do n't think so , . php played a bit but quit since he did n't have time or something like that . 
  too bad , would love to see that reason lineup . 
  i believe they are counting map wins . 
  though do n't know which tournaments they counted . 
  i know rankings are shakey though i like that there at least exist , since it has been probably since g7 that we had proper elo rankings for cs and the current standings are probably a bit questionable but that will most likely change in the future . 
  i see they did n't include dreamhack in cs : go section while they did for sc2 , lol . 
  anyway why so much negativity towards them ? 
  because of the commercials ? 
  that cpl guy ? 
  care to explain ? 
  anyway rankings is the only thing that stood out for me on the site since we do n't really get elo rankings for cs anymore . 
  some serious allegations !!!, 
  good to know , thanks !, 
  this might be the solution to the irc problem , though it needs to get popular . 
  if someone already used it , please comment and leave your expirience with us , it will be much appreciated . 
  when i last checked they supported only dota2 and cs : go was in the works . 
  well , i will leave the link then just to publicise it , we need something like that . 
  amazing . 
  i would advise you to have a co-host , it looks way better when you have at least two people on the show , otherwise it will be more collection of videos of interviews ect . 
  also try to pace yourself , you announced you will have two top teams in na on first two episodes , try to build your interest.try to have discussions on na problems , what can be done about them ect . 
  also i would advise you to have a show na focused , with couple of mentions of international scene of course but try to stay true to your goals of doing something for the na scene . 
  eu scene will probably always have more to be talked about but try to give more spotlight to the na . 
  * edit : almost forgot , good luck !, 
  i agree , maybe something like iem shirts , which have a big iem sign but instead small `` i 'm on '' and then below big `` eco ! '', 
  also some radio sentences are great , do n't know if they would be appropriate for this kinda stuff though , would have to go through them . 
  i like the new ones , they are entertaining . 
  would be nice if someone had a list of all the sentences for each command , some could be implemented into shirt design that is talked about in another thread . 
  nice , next we need bled island . . , 
  there is something on this , lol ddosed being the reason for this the peak , but this should only be looked at as positive . 
  there are millions of people who play games casually and right now , the most `` in '' game is lol , though it is nice to see that those people could potentially turn to cs : go if it gets more popular and cs : go sure looks to continue to rise in 2014 !, 
  i just say go cs : go , this peak will surely be topped soon !, 
  anyone know anything about this organization ? 
  i checked the website and twitter already when cypher was playing at dreamhack , though there is no real information anywhere . 
  would be nice yea , we will need to start giving `` smaller '' scenes more chances at the big stage , it 's the only way they can grow stronger , bigger . 
  hoping brazllian / sa and asian scenes grow the most in 2014 , though african teams would be interesting too . 
  i believe valve should look into supporting `` smaller '' lans on each continent , 50k dollar prizes would probably attract top teams from the region and also some from eu . 
  the scenes need something to play for . 
  really sad it 's gone , the teams made for top cs action !, 
  get_right always kept his form , though he was never really on fire , was he ? 
  still i agree with the conclusion , though i would have liked shox to get it , he was a monster , as was scream at some point . 
  vg to take over in 2014 !,
