  na revival movement should get this free leagues up and running again , its the only way na will gain compettiive players and teams . 
  is this the biggest cs lan in na currently ? 
  seems like a candidate for valves esport case money distribution , any other lan that could be on the list ? 
  esea not really a lan , niether it is open to everyone ( only for top teams ) or free . 
  too bad there is n't an event similar to quakecon , evo , blizzcon ... for cs ( : go ) . 
  they need to announce one or two game observers . 
  we ca n't miss action in this tournament !, 
  ( steel did a great job at esl emss ), 
  would be great to have information on past lineups of a certain organization . 
  also info . 
  from past events and games would be really good , from 1.6 and source . 
  while logos are great , i must say most do n't really look european . 
  they are similar but they are missing a touch of a clasical inspiration if you get what i mean . 
  they all look brand new , while eu logos have a historical feel/connection . 
  does anyone know if there are more teams now as they were last season ? 
  prizepot did n't increase if i remember correctly . 
  now i do n't know if you always have streams in those hours but in my opinion if you had some games streamed 2 hours earlier ( maybe weekend games ) and posted this a couple of hours earlier you might get some europeans to watch the stream . 
  i know when i 'm up late and see a stream link i check it out . 
  ( 6pm cst is midnight gmt fyi ), 
  now i 'm european but i am wondering if there are any upcoming lans in na that could be big enough for us to see eu teams going there ( maybe potentialy get esport case money ; exclude esea finals ), 
  also , which final placement at dh would you say is a failure for your team ? 
  anyway , i wish you best of luck at dreamhack and hope you have a good trip . 
  stickers are a nice memorandum , though it would be cool if they made team stickers and made them drop quite often so you would eventually get one from your favorite team . 
  while i like anders character and his work i think he should improve his look in my opinion , at least when he is on stage , on lan . 
  he looked way more profesional at esl ems . 
  that is ( 1 million ( $ ) times ) sad ... 
  currently a semifinal game between reason gaming and lgb esports on inferno which is the first map , second being dust_2 and third if neccesery de_train !, 
  exactly , people just need to start playing more on altpug and cevo . 
  did n't catch that myself , anyone got info on it ? 
  if it is on twitch , then probabaly . 
  there are still some good teams left for the last two byoc spots : k1ck , vox eminor ( at least to give some global appeal ) , mousesports , reason , 3dmax , ence , fm.toxic , alternate ... 
  all groups really stacked . 
  dreamhack is going to be insane !, 
  h y p e !, 
  hyped hype !, 
  i myself am suprised too , when cs : go came out i was even sure german cs : go scene is going to be on top since they had quite strong cs1 .6 and css scenes but how it turned out is quite a mystery , does anyone know what is the reason for such scene ? 
  teams not sticking together , what ? 
  maybe teams not performing good internationally but that happened also in the past and teams still stayed together with organizations , focusing on german eps . 
  would be nice to hear a view on the current situation from someone in german scene . 
  steelseries is financing the production side of things , cs : gos stage and casters and video production crew . 
  lans have high production costs and sponsors ussually give money for both , second being prizepot . 
  i 'm glad steelseries is sponsoring the production as there will be many new players watching the games and production needs to be top notch , damn i wish the games would start already !, 
  call of duty just is n't what it used to be !, 
  i would actually say custom maps are the best way for servers to attract players . 
  i , myself only just found a good server in cs : go ( eu ) with custom maps and its something cs : go is still missing , its public servers , modded servers which bring more fun elements of the game . 
  i am still missing a good gungame mode server , i play regulary on some armsrace turbo servers with little maps and quick game endings and wish there was a server with old gungame mode , which took three kils to get the next weapon . 
  public servers need to take another approach to attract players as in the past those servers were all there was but now they should adjust and look for players that want something else than what they get in matchmaking . 
  i find gog community servers has the right approach , they put up modded servers with awp only server and maps for it , server with gungame mode with little maps , a niche inside the game . 
  there are still players who are looking for good zombie server , servers with custom competitive maps and servers with new mods ... 
  keep up the good work , though someone really needs to start hosting all these custom maps , cs : go seriously lacking proper public servers ... 
  well i belive there is place for servers with good custom maps and good mods , i been searching for a great zombie server in cs : go for a long time now ... 
  will be interesting to see the level of play of nip at dh , they focused solely on the tournament , them and astana dragons . 
  vg went to china ... 
  damn ... ca n't the tournament start already !, 
  it 's the biggest single event tournament for counter strike ( 99 % sure ) , also dreamhack is the biggest lan event in the world . 
  i ' m from eu but gon na comment anyway . 
  i miss a proper gungame mod server where you do n't get to the next level with each kill and maps are n't so small , the whole game is over in 2-3 minutes . 
  also a zombie mod server without all the custom characters and maps so big you need 5 minutes to download , put on regular characters with good competitive custom maps . 
  agree , ti could have been better but it still gives cs : go some exposure on their site which is primarly focused on lol , dota2 , sc2 ... their statement that cs : go has been in constant decline is ridiculous but who cares . 
  do n't know if i 'm the only one but i have counter-strike : global offensive logo cut at half , only see right half . 
  otherwise great work !, 
  ye thought so , i 'm still on 19 '' monitor . 
  do n't worry about it , its perfect a little bit messed up . 
  i reread it now and it was probabaly statement about cs in general so that is my mistake . 
  eitherway keep up good work and next time publicize esfi on this subreddit , at least thats my advice . 
  for those who are too lazy , http://www.twitch.tv/dreamhackcs http://www.twitch.tv/dreamhackcs2 and go cs !, 
  not yet , but christmas is coming !, 
  i believe you wo n't see a drop on twitch , only later in game but i might be wrong . 
  it 's only gon na get higher as the clock is `` only '' 7 pm . 
  cs : go on iem !, 
  while it was great , matches between vg and nip are in my opinion still better . 
  good job !, 
  looks sick !, 
  i agree , though what makes a difference for me is that in vg vs. nip games , usually all players performed as needed and every other round someone else shone while in these games is was only n0thing and shox . 
  agreed , in the quater-final match all players stepped up and the deserved the win . 
  we 'll se how they will do against fnatic , looking forward to it !, 
  scoots for president !, 
  http://www.twitch.tv/redacvakarm - french stream, 
  http://www.twitch.tv/99damage - german stream, 
  http://www.twitch.tv/gsstudio_csgo - russian stream, 
  nip vs vg is the first semi-final game , two best teams by far in cs : go going at eachother , its mad skills only !, 
  crazy first map on de_dust2 with ninjas in pyamas taking it 16:13 . 
  second map coming up , its going to be de_inferno and third if needed de_nuke !, 
  second map goes to team verygames . 
  they demolished nip and won 16:6 on de_inferno which was nips pick . 
  now last map coming up de_nuke with currently 130 000 people watching the game , in-game and on twitch . 
  record to be set today !, 
  would be great if we see more tournements in those areas in 2014 . 
  iem would be the best fit with the global spread . 
  we need brazillian scene , asian scene to grow and na scene to get stronger . 
  check nipgamingtv on twitch and semmlertheriot and faceit ( . . tv ? ), 
  your location would be great . 
  in eu there will be plenty of lans in 2014 , as far as na goes i do n't really know . 
  lan ets will be in montreal at the end of february , http://2014.lanets.ca/tournaments its probably one of the biggest in na , since its the only one i know about . 
   hope it helped . 
  nip might change their roster if they lose another big tournament in couple of months , at the moment they wo n't . 
  navi will pick up edward again , hopefully . 
  astana dragons should change something too in my opinion but its questionable , even markeloff going back to play awp would do them a lot of good . 
  do n't know about ibp they did n't really show much at dhw but who would they replace or pick up . 
  sk will defenetly do something .
