  you can make coalitions with centrists ( if they make concessions and you make concessions to them ) . 
  you do not have a need to accept these people who do not share your goals in your party to do that , and you risk losing the reason people vote for you in the process . 
  it 's what is leading to the death of the centre-left all over europe , they let the centrists and centre-right social-liberals in the party , and the people saw no reason not to vote for the right instead if the left was just going to do right-wing politics . 
  yes , the eu will only be democratic when malta has half a seat as its 0.08 % of the european population suggests . 
  is it really balkanization if a guy who never was left-wing does n't join a left-wing coalition of parties ? 
  or whenever you want a disparate , radically different party to support your bid for the presidency . 
  macron is entitled to nothing by virtue of being the opponent of le pen . 
  until the ep gets enough power to override vetoes the elections will take a backseat to national matters every time . 
  so bows the time to form coalitions . 
  look at what the centrists in portugal did when they formed a coalition of minimal agreement with the left parties to stop the far capitalist right from retaining power after inconclusive results . 
  they did n't simply demand the left support their government instead . 
  they made concessions and signed agreements . 
  if macron was like that instead of arrogantly demanding i vote for his politics or else i 'm a fascist enabler , he 'd have my vote . 
  showing his true colors right there . 
  capital first , workers second . 
  sarkozy is a leftist and le pen is a communist and hollande is a socialist . 
  do n't forget to take your medication . 
  what purism ? 
  we had hollander and sarkozy the last 10 years , and still all our evils are because of some purist leftism that was never in power in the fifth republic ? 
  he thinks leftism is at the root of all evils , but wants leftists to vote for him and by extension against a leftist economic policy . 
  no way . 
  win the election with your voter base since apparently we 've been the ones ruining france with our rights and protections . 
  keep in mind that far-left today is the same as centre left democratic socialists of 20 years ago . 
  voting for macron will be counted by him as huge support for his absolutely atrocious programme . 
  the deal was kpd voted for their government because they were not fascists . 
  it makes no sense . 
  no , if it happened it was because macron was too much of a purist to compromise and try to build a voter coalition . 
  you do n't do the shit he did as economy minister and then come demand left wing support . 
  yes there are , with a record of being so in government . 
  he had his chance . 
  it 's not like he 's a political outsider who never touched politics . 
  he was economy minister for hollande ( i do n't know how this fact is so unknown outside of france ) and enacted one of the most neoliberal , rights-crushing laws in the memory of french labour laws . 
  ok , now you present generalizations while arguing against a candidate who bases her hate of others on generalisations . 
  you do n't even notice how much of an hypocrite you are . 
   there are people in france who can not afford your fancy ideological purity tests because they 're the one 's getting shafted by far-right politics . 
  but macron totally can not afford to compromise in order to get votes from the left-wing because that would ruin his ideological purity . 
  we should just vote for the whip that will be wielded less fiercely . 
  from his camp there 's been nothing but hostility about our platform ( which stands to protect minorities much more than macron 's does , since minorities are the primary victims of capitalism ) , and taunting that we have to vote for his ideas to stop le pen . 
  he does n't seek a coallition , he does n't give any ground , but he will blame us and not himself if he does n't get the left-wing vote . 
  he 's frankly out of his mind . 
  not after hollande 's betrayal . 
  enough is enough . 
  now you are accusing me of being a vandal . 
  i 'd rather not vote for a fascist or a worker rights decimation and vote to block his agenda in the legislative . 
  i refuse to argue against the strawmen . 
  macrons policies will cause immense pressure on the working class . 
  sorry for not voting for a guy who wants me to work five unpaid weekly hours . 
  but i dont ' vote for people to prevent others from winning but rather because their plan is good . 
  not voting for a centrist is not destroying democracy . 
  yes , they are the fault of communists who never voted for hitler and fought against his coup and were incarcerated and often end up in concentration camps themselves . 
  have some fucking respect . 
   government policy influences lives and the future of france . 
  which is exactly why it would be wrong to legitimize macron further . 
  abstain now than build a platform to block his reforms in the national assembly . 
  if you fail there , game over for the left and for workers in europe . 
  so you 'd rather blame leftists who refuse to vote le pen rather than supposedly democratic right-wing voters who turn to le pen in the second round . 
  whatever fits your fancy . 
  you were the one bringing communism into this . 
  absolutely not . 
  next the far left will be blamed for the president who chose to appoint hitler chancellor despite him having no parliamentary majority ( and the kpd refusing to vote for him , as they should ) and thus no legitimacy whatsoever to form a government . 
   logically , mathematically , abstention favors the underdog , no ifs or buts about it . 
  dude , i already demonstrated beyond any doubt how abstention can not help the underdog . 
  it does n't make sense for the person who is already behind and needs votes to be helped by everyone else refusing to vote for her . 
  mathematically the model converges to a macron victory as abstention increases . 
  you need to drop the fifth grade simplified assumptions about how she gains more raw percentage points from every single abstainer and understand that as each person abstains the number of possible combinations of voter choices she needs to happen to win decreases . 
  this is basic statistics , granted not fifth grade level maths , but still not exactly challenging . 
  france is a mess because the exploited workers still have a tenuous measure of pretection against laboural abuse ? 
  can you see how with this kind of rethoric working class people get disencouraged for voting against their own interests by voting in macron and choose abstention or even le pen ? 
  `` oh i 'm sorry , france needs you to lead a miserable , even more exploited life '' . 
  5 people run for government . 
  one has 3 votes , the other has 2 votes and the other 3 have one vote . 
  in the second round everyone who did not go through to the second round abstains . 
  who wins ? 
  already replied to that with an explanation of the fault beyond that reasoning . 
  mathematically abstention absolutely helps the first round winner . 
  do you know of his plan for worker rights and to increase so called competitiveness ? 
  do you know he was the mastermind behind the shameful labour law we were out on the streets protesting again , managed to convince parliament not to pass , and he forced through with no vote . 
  he loses more percentage points , but the only hope the second place has is to have people who voted for others vote for him . 
  if everyone who did n't vote for either abstains , the first place in the first round wins . 
  every single person who abstains instead of voting for the second place candidate is solidifying and confirming the victory of the first round candidate . 
  how many percentage points above the other guy you are does n't matter as the model for abstention always will converge for a first round , first place victory as abstention goes to 100 % for the eliminated candidates . 
  the losing first round candidate gains more raw percentage points for each abstentionist , but the advantage of the first round winner ca n't be defeated by abstention alone . 
  some defeated voters must vote le pen if she wants to win . 
  how is he not a banker ? 
  think about it reasonably and you will find that if you do n't vote you help the first round winner . 
  so i need to vote for evil to stop evil . 
  and it 's false what you say . 
  le pen had more votes than le pen . 
  if everyone else abstains macron wins so what you say is objectively false . 
  i 'm not electing le pen by abstaining . 
  it makes no sense to say that . 
  if every single voter besides macron and le pen first round voters abstained , macron wins , so there 's not even that argument . 
  how could i go on the streets to try and stop a macron government i voted for when he destroys worker rights in the future ? 
  if he loses the vote by not appealing to the working class that 's on him . 
  he had the chance to try and form a coalition and instead just made demands . 
   his is about the fundamentals of democracy , not political beliefs . 
  but it seems leftists do n't care about democracy any more . 
  shame . 
  are you mimicking trump 's level of political speech here ? 
  simplistic afirmations ended with `` bad '' , `` sad '' or `` unbelievable '' ?
