  explain ? 
  the king of spain was the legitimate ki g of portugal . 
  the usurper had no claim to the title other than force of arms , which is apparently better than a democratic vote . 
  well yes but that 's the only difference . 
  when both the president and the parliament are from the same party our prime minister holds the power instead of the president . 
  when they are from different parties ( cohabitation ) the prime.minister rules unless the president dissolves parliament at which point elections are held . 
  does germany recognise portuguese independence ? 
  it is illegitimate and illegal by your criteria . 
  the president 's role is mostly cerimonial . 
  his only real power is dissolving parliament if he wants . 
  policy is set by the prime minister who mostly is responsible before the parliament . 
  it 's been a long time since a president has done anything of note , the last dissolution was in 2004 or something . 
  he has better political acumen for sure . 
  not in portugal . 
  ask and get fired . 
  and if they no longer wish to be ruled by it but rather wish to be independent that is their absolute right and they do n't need to have spain 's approval for that . 
  it 's even funnier because you correlate what was essentially a vote against franquism with a catalan desire not to be allowed an independence vote . 
  most people do n't . 
  they may be capable of it , but having it be voted in the senate would pass the impression that for a people to gain independence it somehow needs to be approved by the people they wish to gain independence from . 
  god what i 'd give for some actual green spaces between our rows upon rows of houses . 
  to which catalonia elects a tiny minority of the senators ensuring even against catalonia s will that a referendum wo n't happen . 
  spain just said they wo n't ever have it and nothing they do can change it . 
  dissolve the right !, 
  not dissing it at all , i just prefer when revolutionary songs are sang with a bit of life and fire in them . 
  though the melancholic style is appropriate for these times . 
  in parties like labour and conservative the majority of mps can never dream to hold a front bench position anyway . 
  so the real threat is deselection . 
  `` a land without masters '' is pretty radical , but then ps is the master of taming their own ideology into toothlessness . 
  i 'm now 100 % sure of a tory government if not majority - thanks bunches scotland . 
  he ordered the vote for article 50 which pretty much seals the deal for his political future if he ever backtracks on it . 
  the country just supports brexit at this point , even scotland 's snp who opposed it and wanted independence to avoid it got decimated - likely handing the tories their majority . 
  just corbyn and some more left leaning labour members . 
  so much so that corbyn half-heartedly campaigned for remain . 
  yup, 
  your hope would be a lib dem victory . 
  nothing short of that or negotiations utterly breaking down into chaos would lead to another vote . 
  corbyn probably wants out of the eu more than may . 
  corbyn would never back out from brexit . 
  they will take significant amount of seats in scotland , probably take their majority from there . 
  got a source ? 
  ouch , that can bit their asses if it proves not to be true, 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm thinking as well . 
  it sounds to good to be true for a hung parliament . 
  things look good for labour right now but nothing from middle england where they will be decimated for sure . 
  though she proved a brilliant strategy in not visiting every single constituency at once by debating corbyn . 
  i have no fucking idea man . 
  still early hours . 
  the pessimist in me has served me well for several electoral cycles . 
  and now battersea too . 
  brits have really fun constituency names . 
  experience shows us that things rarely pan out the way you are laying them out to be in the middle east . 
  most of the people there do not have that mentality yet , do not have the education or the resources . 
  and it will be difficult to gain them in countries torn by civil war . 
  extreme islam is also a big problem for them , they are indoctrinated into it young . 
  how expected was labour to take shipley off the tories ? 
  it sounds so heartless compared to the glorious portuguese version , which is the anthem of ruling socialist party and coallition ally the portuguese communist party https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1akjx22dua makes it kinda funny to see the outrage in other countries when politicians sing it . 
  fine . 
  in portugal when the center-left takes power the markets usually go down a bit , even if it is somewhat predicted . 
  well , a lot has happened since i said that and honestly i just ca n't keep up with the general trend whatever it may be . 
  did the stock markets crash when conservatives won the majority from labour ? 
  question for labour voters : what 's your opinion on the effect a slightly better vote for labour than expected has on the stock markets ? 
  where did they gain from tories ? 
  a lot of near misses wo n't do them any favours though :\\ looking better now anyway . 
  do you think that if ukip refused to take the european parliament seats brexit could have gone different ? 
  i do n't fundamentally think it would hurt sinn fein to take their seats in parliament in regards with the goal of independence itself , but i do n't think it would help either . 
  it would also split the party in half , which would probably hurt their chances at eventually nominating a first minister ( however meaningless the distinction between deputy first minister and first minister is ) . 
  i respect your opinion and think there is validity to it but do not entirely share it . 
  with the snp it would still be difficult . 
  especially since the lib dems just categorically refused the idea in such a way that makes it unlikely they can backtrack and not lose all face . 
  the issue is that so far only safe seats have been announced and there have been no upsets - except if you count labour holding on to darlington which can not possibly close their current gap . 
  the raw number vote , while obviously meaningless under fptp shows labour severely underperforming the exit poll . 
  well to be honest i do n't think the comparison is very apt as ukip also held very little to no parliamentary representation until they eventually won a referendum . 
  also their cause was not regional , they ran in pretty much all seats where sinn fein can not hope to gain representation even by winning every circle they are eligible to run in . 
  you also need to consider how breaking abstentionism would probably cause fissures in the independentist movement that could see their struggle to eventually win stormont slip further away . 
  the yougov map reflects their own national polling and is not associated with the exit polls . 
  it is one of the most uncertain predictions because it was not take at exit from polls and it comes from projections of national and regional trends , not direct constituency polling . 
  also their data is older . 
  no idea what i was thinking to be honest i just badly misread the results . 
  my apologies , thought it was a much closer margin . 
  still no bueno for comrade corbyn that some 12 seats in he has n't managed to take a single one . 
  what i was seeing was slight labour -  tory transfer votes in the safe labour sits . 
  everyone calls the river that rushes through violent , but nobody calls the margins that arrest it violent or something like that . 
  not that i think it applies but since we are going poetical . 
  that may be true , but the exit poll placed labour gaining 15 % and conservatives 2 % , it looks nowhere like that with conservatives gaining more and labour gaining less . 
  should pretty much seal the deal no ? 
  if labour ca n't take these kind of margin off the conservatives where can they expect to gain seats ? 
  edit : yes i am wrong , mindfart sorry about that . 
  they ca n't form a government with the lib dems anyway and the results are showing that the polls are off again . 
  conservative will probably end up picking a couple dozen seats imo . 
  in portugal it is said that a high turnout benefits the smaller parties , left right or center . 
  but then our system is very different since we do n't use fptp . 
  yes, 
  i know you are joking and all but it 's funny how easy it is to tell that something about a design ( ie a website in this instance ) feels off , but how hard it is to produce something that feels right without training . 
  true , but elsewhere the ukip vote seems to have gone either to the tories or to abstention . 
  not holding up to much hope after that , also according to nate silver the pollsters corrected for the wrong things in trying to fix their 2015 mistakes . 
  i 'd remain skeptical of the effects of a closed border policy in either case . 
  i 'm not vehemently against it if and only if there is a solution for refugees and economic migrants facing poverty and hunger at home first . 
  lol i know nothing about design of any kind . 
  because pragmatically speaking the politicians who would lock the door would not be tossing bread outside the windows . 
   likewise , are you more likely to break from a parliament by putting that view across in a democratic wway the problem i have with this is that i fundamentally disagree that it is democratic for a body representing the democratic will of 65 million people to rule over the right for independence of a nation of about 2 million people .
