they are equally diluted if i ass brown eyed person have a kid with a blue eyed person of my skin colour but literally nobody would bat an eye . 
  yeah , if this is the ki d of person you send to jail instead of becoming national hero . 
  then just do n't have the position . 
  no need for the spouse of the president to get special treatment if there is no need for her role . 
  if there is a need for that role than either elect the person or hire through the usual means . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm not defending her but i think it would be fine for germany to intervene in the way not of freeing her from consequence but in trying to commute her sentence if she gets the death penalty and in making sure she gets a fair trial . 
  no fair trial concludes with the possibility of execution . 
  this is blatantly , obviously an ideological decision . 
  own up to it please as it is completely within the rules nd plenty of articles just like this but bashing on refugees instead are allowed . 
  she is at risk of being murdered at any time , iraq being a failed state that can not effectively control it 's judicial process . 
  the same powers of the proposed first lady or gentleman . 
  no idea why they would have to be the opposite gender seeing as the proposed first lady does not have to be the opposite gender of the president seeing as how marriage is not restricted to people of opposite genders . 
  not a random person , an elected one . 
  much more powerful and legitimate by having been chosen by the people than `` oh , so that 's who the president is married with , cool , i guess ? '', 
  why not have an election or at least a public hiring procedure instead of arbitrarily choosing a person based on who he or she is married with ? 
  how about clarifying it by doing the obvious thing : she has no official status of any kind and no right to any sort of privilege or state money ? 
  she was n't elected , who you are married to is n't supposed to matter . 
  oh wait , basic human decency is n't an agenda . 
  there 's probably some sort of protocol to deal with that . 
  mexico wo n't take you though , at most they will detain you to investigate your nationality and deport you , at worst they will toss you back to the usa and let them deal with you . 
  maybe i have the worst and best switched around though , not sure . 
  ah , insults , the last hope of the man who has been hopelessly left with no argument . 
  i 'm not even a spaniard , just someone who knows a lot of people from spain . 
  they all know full well that not all latin america speaks spanish the same . 
  you are belligerent about your ignorance . 
  it 's kind of sad . 
  because for the new hegemonic opinion innovative is fucking over the workers . 
  reforming is when the economy is transformed to suit employers over workers . 
  retrogrades are those who want to defend workers . 
  he had a huge majority , but only ~ 36 % voted for him . 
  less so in the first round , and in the second we won because the left preferred the ruthless , inconsiderate capitalist to the fascist . 
  i think it is more likely for all your random websites to be wrong than for the entirety of the spanish people to be speaking wrongly , and i know that nobody speaks like you claim they do in spain . 
  guess they all live in spain but do n't know spanish . 
  what you are claiming is that nobody in spain knows spanish because nobody speaks like you claim is the correct way to speak . 
  is it ? 
  i ca n't think of any instance where it is done in portugal with people 's names . 
  we translate some important cities and most countries names , but not given or surnames . 
  and you can have a great gdp and have most of your population not be able to afford any luxuries , because most of the wealth being generated by workers can be siphoned off into other pockets than their own . 
  only if your skin color is n't slightly dark . 
  your facade of being a moderate dropped pretty quickly there . 
  one would think that after the mistake of colonialism you guys would have learned that it is not right to force others to adapt to your own culture . 
  but no , you are making the same mistakes . 
  hope we do n't reap the same rewards with you in power . 
  do you suppose that as the increased poverty to the already poor sectors of society his so called reforms starts to become apparent it will somehow improve his popularity ratings because due to rich people getting richer the aggregate stats will be going up ? 
  so basically the acceptable level of how left-wing you can be without being a dangerous extremist shifts to the right as the regime gets rid of the left-most parts of the political spectrum . 
  social democrats will be extremists in 20 years . 
  he said it was n't wrong , not that it was n't illegal . 
  your national sovereignty does not override the treaties italy signed . 
  if italy wants to leave its obligations towards asylum seekers it can denounce the treaties at any time . 
  they do n't except in reactionary propaganda . 
  jesus explicitly said he did n't come to repeal any of the laws laid forth in what became the old testament . 
  what 's wrong with the article ? 
  seems pretty quality , cites sources even which is rare . 
   i guess we might differ in our views what constitutes a living wage . 
  can i rent a basic appartment , feed myself and pay the bills and the car loan on a basic wage ? 
  in lisbon you often ca n't , which means you cant live where you work . 
  yeah , useless thing teaching music . 
  completely unreasonable . 
  what does society need musicians for anyway ? 
  plenty of needed jobs pay below living wage in big cities . 
   if you work freelance for a less than livable wage how is that not basically just your own fault ? 
  this only works if you think being unemployed is also just your own fault . 
  so who should work those needed jobs in berlin who do n't pay the minimum amount of money required to live in berlin ? 
  maybe it 's not the people fault rather employers who should be made to pay a livable wage and guarantee worker dignity . 
  it 's already happening for young people . 
  no contracts , no guarantees of not being fired for no reason , no way to pay for their own places , less rights . 
  hell , it 's happening to me . 
  all in the name of being competitive . 
  my kids will earn less than me and have fewer rights than me and no pensions . 
  but they will provide super competitive labour costs and generate tons of value for the shareholders of their companies , so it 's ok . 
  wealth redistribution happens everywhere a civilised nation exists . 
  but i guess if you call it spooky scary communism you can skirt around the fact that it 's been used as a tool against civilizational collapse level of threats such as the one we face now since forever . 
  so how do we avoid the intolerable future our current path sets us on ? 
  let 's start working on that rather than pretending there is no alternative just because that avoids having to tackle problems like some people having unfairly accumulated too much wealth out of the labour of others . 
  but it is n't a worse crime if it is a synagogue which people love to go to and go there very often as opposed to a synagogue people only use sometimes . 
  what 's idiotic about safe spaces ? 
  i thought they were a pretty normal and usual solution oppressed minorities used to express their identities freely ? 
  is there some drama ? 
   current economic dogma well , at least you recognize it . 
  thats the first step . 
  i ca n't even distinguish the `` what about venezuela , hurr durr you communist '' sarcasm from fellow comrades from the real whataboutist idiocy . 
  which is it ? 
  because your poultry raising practices are barbaric and inhumane ? 
  imagine the rate is lower on people who go to church . 
  is it reasonable to ban all people who do n't go to church from donating blood ? 
  the same level of utter idiocy applies to this rule . 
  low blood stocks frequently make the news . 
  even if it were true preserving the european farming industry sounds like a great reason to ban the practice . 
  because it is raised in shitty conditions and then dipped in slightly chlorinated water that barely manages to penetrate the outer layers of the meat ? 
  sounds like a great reason . 
  this is so fucking rich . 
  sorry we exploited and left you in a shitty condition but do n't you dare blame anything on us , even if our richness is still built on your backs . 
  what benefit should we expect from less jobs at worse pays with less rights ? 
  better meaningless economic stats which you ca n't feed your family from ? 
  the effects will be clear , frenchmen will be paid less for the sam jobs , transferring their wealth to their employers . 
  the numbers add up well if we redistribute wealth appropriately . 
  not even that , it is simply moronic to assign different punishments and compensations based on how much value the victim gave to the thing she lost . 
  it does n't work like this in any other field so why should it work like that in something so important as sexuality ? 
  because it 's an op-ed that makes claims without providing a source poll and my google skills can not find any poll on the matter which makes me doubtful of the authenticity of the authors claims .
