  what is exhausting about a campaign you are not participating in ? 
  making a mockery of the french republic by the hour with that stunt and amateur hour website and now offering the uk something they could n't ever take and is n't even in his power to give . 
  this is the anti trump basically , same ridiculous way to go about politics while differing on liberalism vs nationalism . 
  they 'd be betraying their voters by supporting the hard right economically programme of ciudadanos . 
  is this the same so called centre that proposes to solve the problems of income inequality by demolishing the rights of the lowest earners such as in france ? 
  people are only able to give a shit about matters they are informed on ? 
  shocking !, 
  in my grandparents home town i can only get gprs coverage , intermittent at that . 
  not some end of the world judas ' ass either , 20km from viana do castelo . 
  doing this to people at risk for depression , suicide or self harm is only going to cause people not to seek help anymore for fear of being subjected to this kind of bullshit . 
  who is being stoned for not wearing a full face veil in europe ? 
  you are not supposed to impose , under western values , any values or ideas in the law besides the respect for human life and the rule of law . 
  where can i vote for who gets to be a billionaire for the next 4 years ? 
  yeah , thought so . 
  the entire point being that it should not be up to a privileged few to decide what companies get money those privilged few have no right to in the first place , but rather to the democratic will of the people . 
  the wealth i create should not be funelled to a guy whose only value to my company in the first place was precisely that he had money : money which he gained by funelling money from other workers or from inheriting through no work or merit of his own . 
  it is immaterial if the numbers of a privately run economy look better if the wealth it generates is not equally shared and funelled towards the keeping the people fed , clothed and with a roof above their heads . 
  currently it is not working . 
  i do n't see exactly why a private economy as we know it today is necessary given the harmful effect it has by effectively milking workers of the wealth they generate and channeling it into the pockets of investors whose only merit was precisely the fact they had money to set the entire operation up . 
  to me this is a form of unacceptable exploitation we must do everything to fight against , and our end goal should be to end it . 
  the state is a necessary tool in this pursuit , the endgoal being workers receiving the entire share of what they produce and self organizing without the shortcomings of a state , and the associated authoritarian imperfections . 
  we invest in research and build basic productive infrastructure based on automation advances and fair wages for the manual jobs that are still required and use it to cover for the essential needs of the population , leaving to individual initiative the cultural , recreational and creative fields of work . 
  working for a living will eventually be a thing of the past if we prevent wealth from remaining accumulated at the top and distributed to us for subsistance only in accordance to how useful each of us is to the big capitalists . 
  i have no ill thoughts about the polish people but these kinds of law should automatically bar any state from entering the eu . 
  the rights to unionise is a basic human right of all workers . 
  which is why we should be providing for those who ca n't find jobs , who will be many more than they are now , mainly through reclaiming the large fortunes that have been built over the last few centuries on the backs of the working class . 
  with the kind of unemployment that technical progress will soon bring us through automation , to lower our standards enough to make it profitable for employers to raise the number of workers they exploit to cover everyone in need of a job is quite suicidal . 
   think for a moment what it would be if the same was done to you . 
  it 's like we ca n't compare taxing someone who 's earning a miserable minimum wage to someone who was born to wealth . 
  shocking . 
   as for having millions in the bank without a day 's work , that 's heritage , it 's taxed too . 
  so a docker getting well paid and having short hours is absolutely unnaceptable , but being born to wealth by virtue of lucking out on who your parent 's are is something that should be allowed , just slap him with some meaningless tax ? 
  and it is meaningless , even if everything above 10 million euros was taxed at 100 % that still effectively meant that at birth you already had your entire life settled and would have more wealth than most workers can expect to earn in the course of their entire lifes . 
  when you are talking about equality and fairness start at the guys who have millions on the bank without ever having done a decent day 's work for it , leeching even more wealth off their employees . 
  how about we cut their rights to the ground first ? 
  because they know that at such negotiation tables , with the deck completely stacked against the workers as it is in pretty much all labour negotiations where the government does not intervene to protect the weaker party , workers will accede to lower wages than what the state would otherwise have mandated . 
  over-the-top privileges lol . 
  it is precisely that competitiveness rethoric that needs to be crushed : we should all together be raising our rights , not racing to the bottom on how willing we are to be exploited . 
  macron would have an employee able to be fired for no legitimate reason for example , if he thought that might attract some vulture investements . 
  not really , we are brussels ' star pupil . 
  there is not a ounce of left-wing in macron 's movement come on . 
  the guy hates worker rights , is completely pro big capital . 
  workers are so screwed . 
  bye bye rights . 
  portuguese constitution explicitly states lawmakers represent the entirety of the country ( in fact the constitution does not by itself demand that regional circles exist ) so in the case of portugal it 's actually kind of a moot point that only exists because it slightly favours bigger parties ( because some constituencies elect very little deputies , for example beja only elects 3 which means votes not for the portuguese communist party or the socialist party are often completely tossed out as they do n't elect anyone ) . 
  there is talk of a national compensation circle where all discarded votes are pooled to elect a few lawmakers but not likely to go forward anytime soon . 
  but the libdems are not economically center left when in power , but hard right instead . 
  it 's a very slight effect and it promotes majorities when a party is very close to it only . 
   but also more liberal social policies more liberal than labour 's ? 
  that 's not the message i get from the libdems at all . 
  if there 's any wing which is social democrat in the vein of corbyn 's labour but even more to the left socially it must be an ultra minority in the libdems . 
  to be honest under most pr systems i know of a 45 % result usually ends up with a majority for that party . 
  at least in portugal where we use pr with regional electoral circles ( each circle elects multiple mps based on d'hondt ) , 45 % usually means an absolute majority . 
  if by social-liberals you mean the likes of for example macron in france , they are hardly center-left . 
  they are hard-right economically with center-left policies in regards to stuff like gender , lgbt issues and other social issues not strictly based on class . 
  they supported a devastatingly capitalist tory government without much internal coalition strife . 
  you were making enemies too quickly so we bombed you . 
  perfectly sensible . 
  there really is not enough in common between capitalist-loving libdems and labour to justify electoral alliances . 
  and seeing as how he 's been constantly elected in that constituency for the past what 30 years and nothing has changed for them , have n't they thought that maybe the guy 's not working for them ? 
  remove the shield and the blue side and it 's one classy flag . 
  no , but the colonies did not need their approval to become independent . 
  he could have kept going and he still would n't have hit her . 
  just the front view fucks up the perspective . 
  all secessions where the state you are seceding from does not voluntarily relinquish power over you are illegal by definition . 
  that 's the entire point of doing it - to break away from a certain legal framework and establish your own . 
  common practice accross recorded history . 
  because the result turned inconclusive with neither the yes parties or the no parties getting a absolute majority of the votes , which lead to cup demanding a referendum to support independence . 
  cup probably volunteers to be arrested en masse at this point . 
  the right wing is the ideology of personal liberty guyz !, 
  the personal liberties to fuck over those poorer than you only though . 
  sadly now even more inane retrogrades have decisive influence in government survival . 
  they gained 20 seats from the tories ( they took 27 con seats and lost 7 to them ) . 
  portugal independence is obviously illegal as the illegitimate son of the king had no right to the throne , the rightful heir was the wife of the castillian king !, 
  we can not tolerate such disrespect for the the laws !, 
  macron did n't hook up with a student either , he was the student . 
  so at the worst he is a victim of sexual abuse , which is a ridiculous thing to criticize a person for . 
  particularly when there is so much more to find reprehensible about macron . 
  powerless , toothless . 
  low membership and financially dependent on the state which is a big mistake . 
  yes , i think most of the ones who did not went through were government decrees which could not find a majority in parliament if they tried to pass them that way . 
  it sounds like it at least breaks the absolutely unbearable condition of having the traffic run right around almost all sides of your house making unbearable noise , and makes the air much more breathable . 
  my city is the stuff of nightmares in the housing zones , cars zooming by all day and night while you are trying to work or sleep or just relax and read a book , looking outside the windows not even a tree or a grass in sight , only concrete and street pavement as far as they eye can reach . 
  the cities like that do n't feel like they were made for humans but rather for efficiency and cars . 
  the solution to that is to make it mandatory for fixed contracts to be given for each x workers that you hire . 
  otherwise people will never have any certainty about their futures , never be safely able to build families and settle down , etc. . . 
  unfortunately the economical hard right that sets the perceived acceptable economic policy wants us all the be able to be fired at a whim . 
  there are laws against that , but it is on you to prove they were broken . 
  when you are earning 550 $ a month you are not very likely to do that , statistically speaking , so most employers get away with it . 
  all the things you say lead me to conclude that his power is indeed * mostly * cerimonial . 
  other entities can ask for a analysis by constitutional court , including the parliament and the ombudsman or even the population at large if enough signatures are gathered . 
  vetoes are meaningless unless the parliamentary majority decides to shoot itself on the foot . 
  the international treaties and agreements he may have to ratify : but he has hardly the capability politically speaking to veto them if parliament is in favour of them by the required majority of 2/3rds . 
  his soft power is directly related to the politician holding the presidency . 
  cavaco silva far and large held no kind of soft power for the latter stage of his mandate . 
  the presidency is just a privileged platform from which to try to influence public opinion , but by no means guaranteed to have an effect if you are a bad politician . 
  the one really big power the president holds is the dissolution of parliament . 
  which most are reluctant to use for reasons that may be illustrated by what happened in britain yesterday . 
  it 's not a matter of whataboutism , its a matter of establishing whether it is legitimate or not for a nation to break free from a country by force vs by legitimate vote from its citizenship . 
  your position seeming to be that if an electorate comprising much more people than the people of a specific nation within that country disagrees with the possibility of that country leaving then that nation would be wrong to leave nonetheless .
