  as i said i am personally glad it was done to me and think it should be banned overall because of the reasons you mentioned . 
  i never said that what you said was an opinion , my opinion is that despite the disadvantages i 'm glad it was done to me and that is a position i wo n't change and i 'd advise those who think ill of a personal decision like that to do some profound reflection on their choices in life . 
  i do n't see the need to downvote different opinions ... as i said in my family my experience is n't that , so i 'm personally glad while i oppose the practice in general . 
  talking in this subreddit unless you express the opinion of the hivemind is becoming so unpleasent . 
  well but it has plenty of advantages such as avoiding the trauma some of my nephews had to go through because their forehead was stuck to the glans too much and they had to be circumcised at 16 or 17 . 
  it just seems like too many people who do n't perform the operation get stuck with that kind of situation . 
  i replied to the wrong person , i was trying to reply to people who were talking about chancellors and the irish pm, 
  it must or then employers will refuse to bargain collectively . 
  because i think i would end up wanting to perform the procedure but not doing it out of fear or of the inconvenience . 
  this way its done and out of mind . 
  in spain the leader of government is called president ( of the government ) . 
  i disagree with the practice but i am happy it was performed on me because it saved me a whole lot of pain ( i ca n't remember it ) and i think i 'm better off this way . 
   and then they sell their product from there into the country , from somewhere where they are allowed to make competitive profit . 
  oh so they left their country and took with them the entire factories , buildings and ~ ~ indentured servants ~ ~ workers of their companies ? 
  you are growing more ridiculous by the sentence . 
  your solution amounts to working every more hours for every little more pay in order to please our investors . 
  in essence what you are saying is that we should just accept that we will always be worse off for the sake of those who have too much already otherwise they destroy us . 
   considering the level of unemployment , it clearly is n't producing enough this is nonsensical : it produces by far enough to feed everyone , it just does n't employ everyone . 
  if you find that working should be vital to get a decent life then the rational solution is to impose lower working hours . 
   and a economy needs to grow to make the country more prosperous and let it grow too . 
  the goal is not for the country to be prosperous but for its citizens to enjoy a decent living with as little suffering as possible . 
  numbers mean nothing if they are inequally distributed . 
   in order to distribute wealth , you need to have wealth to distribute . 
  and france does have a lot of wealth and generates a lot of wealth . 
   and if your economy stagnates , it will inevitably start shrinking due to lack of investments for innovation and investment you can use part of the wealth generated by your economy and reinvest it in investigation with the goal of finding automated processes that will allow workers to work for less hours and get paid more . 
  the problem with the current model is that investigation and research are being used to make our lifes worse by reducing our income , rather than raising it and lowering our working hours . 
   a country ca n't survive on domestic consumption alone the world obviously survives on its domestic consumption alone . 
  as it is a closed system it is thus obvious that if your statement was true than only some countries ( those with a positive export ratio ) would survive . 
  this is not true , but it is also quite beside the point . 
  there is no harm in selling french products to the exterior , as long as the profit from those sales are fairly distributed among those who manufactured or created the products being exported . 
   take away all wealth you need from one part of the demographic it 's not about taking away the wealth , it 's about redistributing it in such a way that it gets equally divided between those who collaborated in producing it rather than the unfair system we have now where some people get completely disproportionate amounts of wealth . 
   because that will just make that demographic leave and then you got no wealth anymore . 
  why would that be the case ? 
  if the wealth is no longer completely skewed towards certain demographics , they can leave if they want , they just wo n't leave with their wealth as it is n't being funelled to them any longer . 
  30 % of the votes . 
  the majority does n't really reflect his popularity , particularly considering the turnout . 
  the economy is producing plenty , it does n't need to start to produce more and destroy the environment just to drive more profits into capitalist pockets . 
  what it needs is to distribute the wealth it generates more fairly . 
  it already generates enough to feed , clothe , house and afford a decent living for each french citizen . 
  i just mentioned an argument against the army that is possible . 
  i myself see no use in having any sort of strength in arms and would never support any form of further militarization and fully support all forms of demilitarization . 
  can we stop with using the reforms as if he 's merely going to change bureaucracy around ? 
  this is about undoing decades of struggle for rights , the heritage the workers who came before us left us , often at the cost of danger to their own lives and livelihoods . 
  our kids are going to be working in shittier conditions for less pay and with less rights and securities . 
  this is not something we can just let happen as if it is some inevitability that from now on the ones who accumulated too much capital will demand to share with us a few meager scraps . 
  and a starving man would take a cup of rice a day for 8 hours of work . 
  does n't mean it should be legal for a man who has giant rice fields producing tons upon tons of rice per day off the back of his workers to hire him for that price . 
  that argument is so easily defeated that i 'm kind of amazed how it keeps being parroted everywhere . 
  he left to prepare his candidacy , just like valls did for example . 
  the measures he implemented were as austeritarian as those he is about to implement . 
  his victory was massive because of demography distributions of his voters . 
  not very massive nor very much of a widespread support when the best you can do in an all party situation is ~ 30 % ish . 
  this is the thing people do n't understand . 
  the mere fact that if a army that was powerful and strong existed and was in control the eu would eventually justify the decision to use it . 
  just like the us ca n't stop using it 's army because it 's kind of there as the strongest army in the world . 
  this guy would not go to a mosque to be indoctrinated but rather to kill muslims instead . 
  oh god why could n't this type of scum have stayed outside the eu . 
  sure , as long as that strong economy distributes wealth ** fairly ** and is not harmful to the environment . 
  otherwise it 's no use as we produce more but do n't earn more , just fatten some capitalist 's pockets . 
  the results do indeed speak for themselves in the country where the economy booms and wages stagnate . 
  more money - just not for us filthy working class peasents . 
  their working class is so utterly broken by capitalism that it is contempt with this sham of freedom , happy little wage slaves . 
  in germany there are people who earn 1 $ / hour , and are supposed to be happy for the generous opportunity they are given . 
  they will hold us in wage slavery forever if rather than at least stopping at imperfect capitalism we allow all hopes of a socialist society to vanish . 
  this is the time we must get the people to revolt or they will be forever placated with wages who do n't grow in the proportion of the earnings of the capitalists who leech off them . 
  oh , and who invented those machines ? 
  who extracted the materials to build them , who engineered them , who programmed them , who maintains them and who runs the electricity producing methods on which they are run ? 
  workers are at the beginning and the end of the wealth generation loop . 
  they produce it and they spend it , and each time they do any of these things a cut is taken from them directly to the pocket of people whose only contribute to the wealth generation process is the fact that they have money to invest . 
  money that they get through the labour of their employees , on a direct or increasingly indirect fashion as you work through the stacks of leeches living off one another . 
  do n't insult my knowledge of economics if you are going to display ignorance yourself . 
  not enough since the majority of these guys are n't paid for doing this , and those who are are paid 2 $ for a 12 hour shift . 
  no , people in france are saying that it 's so good to have a fresh face free from the old politics . 
  his entire movement is based on supposedly renewing the politics of the country with fresh faces : starting by electing the outgoing economy minister as president of france . 
  what a farce . 
  where did i imply that i want people to suffer ? 
  i hope his agenda is blocked precisely so the people wo n't suffer for years until they can elect someone to undo his attacks on worker rights . 
  where did i call for people to suffer ? 
  of course i would ideally prefer that no demonstrations would be needed because he would abandon his ideas , but if that is not possible i would prefer that people protested successfuly rather than just suffer through his reforms . 
  workers are by definition of being a worker being exploited . 
  they generate all the wealth and get to keep a minimum share of it , often not even enough for a living ( yes , there are people who oppose mandatory living wages and countries following those people 's policies ) . 
  i hope the streets block his program and consigns his government to the impopularity and inaction that plagued hollande 's . 
  only hope of eventually being able to turn this ship around is to stop the employees from making gains at this critical juncture as exploitation will eventually turn the electorate on their masters . 
  `` and for my first success i 've decided your employer was n't exploiting you enough yet !, 
  he was economy minister of the previous government which is widely disliked for its austeritarianism . 
  that he somehow managed to bury this fact to the point almost nobody knows it in this subreddit is a masterstroke of propaganda and disinformation . 
  come to portugal , they are in a confidence and supply deal with the socialist party government with their 8 % of the vote alongside trotskyists which have 10 % totalling over a million votes . 
  plenty of local councils are also outright ruled by communist majorities . 
  mr seems to be economically liberal :\\, 
  you ca n't be free if you are unequal , those who consider themselves your betters by virtue of the wealth they stole from you will use that wealth to keep exploiting you . 
  the civil protection to go around each threatened town with a loudspeaker calling for people to be on alert . 
  which they usually do . 
  terrorists each and every single one of them . 
  well we hold presidential elections as we are a semi presidential republic , unlike your country where parliament appoints a president as you said . 
  the current president won the elections which were 3 months after the legislative ones whete the left seized control of parliament . 
  it 's mostly a popularity contest as the president exercise his mandate mostly through soft power rather than constitutional powers which are somewhat limited as the head of the executive is the prime minister . 
  the president can dissolve parliament but this only happened once in 44 years of democracy and is a polemic and risky move . 
  and i forgot to mention an important piece of the puzzle which is our right-wing president who hates the current leader of his own party ( who is `` leader of the opposition '' so to speak though not a formal role like in the uk ) and as such frequently speaks in favour of the government 's position when the opposition leader criticizes it . 
  the president is extremely popular ( everyone loves the guy , even among the far-left most people do n't despise him ) so the prime minister tries to keep his support by defending moderate positions . 
  it does n't even matter .
