  most catholic women will take the pill and still say that it is literally the word of god but that it must be interpreted or something like that . 
   those that do allow women in the mosque almost every single one of them ? 
  if you do n't know what you are talking aboiut but immediately construct such an adversarial position i invite you to do some soul searching of your own and see if you are not throwing bricks while having a glass plated ceiling . 
  every single government in europe is capitalist by definition . 
  macron wants to move us even more towards a deregulated , each men by himself , no unions , capitalism . 
  if allowed to evolve naturally it will just become jungle capitalism . 
  it must be decided by we the people . 
  then why are we electing hyper capitalists like macron and trump and in the case of the eu doing our best to sabotage countries who elect leaders to their left , as they did with greece and failed to do in portugal ? 
  it wo n't be worse because there will be lack of resources , but worse only because we are keeping distributing our resource ever more inequally . 
  we need a new system of resource allocation , neither capitalism nor communism are up to the challenges we face . 
  but extreme capitalism is ? 
  we need a new system , neither capitalism nor communism can provide us success in face of the challenges we face . 
  we had a good attempt with social democracy but now we chose to give in to hyper capitalism and the results are plain , our kids will live worse unless they are from the privileged few or manage to reach there . 
   are not understood by you and you might be as clever as the average jounalist is . 
  or maybe , much like macron , you are not half as clever and deep as you presume yourself to be and your arguments do not support your statements to the point that rebating them would not actually lead to rebating your conclusions since the conclusion does n't follow logically from the arguments . 
  particularly his philosophical texts which have very little academic value to speak off and are the typical publication produced by career politicians like himself , often with the help of ghost writers . 
  i have plenty , but only among fellow working class members . 
  all the rest think we should just give macron a chance to end our rights forever , see how it turns out . 
  i do n't blame people who voted for him because the only other choice was another extremist , but still ... 
  must not be living in the same city . 
  i 've been victimized too long , alienated from what i produce , do n't want my kids to have to live under this system , the fruits of their labour leeched off to a bunch of do nothings . 
   particularly they do n't have enough to control the action of the government . 
  so let 's see him scrap the mechanism by which is government can force a government law proposal to turn into a confidence vote , effectively making it impossible for what the british would know as `` backbench rebellions '' to happen . 
  this is just what i said mascarading under a thin veneer , but as he has been elevated to god status in france the citizens think he can do no wrong , at least until the labour bill goes in effect and the streets riot . 
  also it would conviniently deprive some of the staunchest opponents of his full on capitalist programme of any parliamentary seats . 
  this is the kind of play the republicans did with gerrymandering . 
  he wants to ensure that in the future he will keep having parliamentary majorities without even close to a majority of the vote . 
  people would be furious if that fascist swine le pen had proposed this kind of deal had she been elected . 
  the only good choice between two authoritarians was abstention . 
  now you are resorting to insult , proving you have nothing to say . 
  have a pleasent day and i hope you improve your argumentative and logic skills some day . 
  also learn to respect freedom of the press and stop falling for the `` fake news '' accusations of the new age populists , be it in the form of juvenile gifs of a supposedly dignified high office holder beating on a personified news station or a president of a country claiming his thoughts are just too complex for the media and by extension the people to understand . 
  oh wait , i 'm sure that last one is just the filthy lugenpress again . 
  trump is from the elite , iglesias is from at least the intellectual elite . 
  macron acts full on populist . 
  god damn lugenpress insulting our honourable and great leader . 
  why ca n't they report the facts as he 'd like them to be ? 
  what i understand from yoy comment : they spoke bad truths about the god president so fake news , fake media , bad hombres ... 
  my position was abstention . 
  and people called me a fascist for refusing to vote for the totalitarian capitalist or the totalitarian fascist , pardon the redundancy in both cases . 
  what 's the fucking need for patriotism or for any particular form of respect towards an arbitrary set of borders . 
  without worker rights we are living in the capitalist jungle . 
  the labour market becomes driven by supply and demand , and workers become transactionable goods that can be fired even if they did nothing wrong . 
  it will take getting adjusted to because it is a civilizational step back , a regression that we are being sold as inevitable . 
  if capitalism can only take us back , time to replace it . 
  some businesses are sasonal . 
  are you suggesting people working should be at the whim of the market , fired when unneeded and hired again when needed like cattle ? 
  if it was 100 $ i 'm sure everyone would be much more civilized . 
  after all everyone knows the filthy workers ca n't behave themselves . 
  yes , money is the ultimate definer of dignity . 
  so he has done nothing yet ( by your own admission ) so the only merit he has is that he announced policies capitalists will like , and thus they flood in like vultures . 
  anyone can do that , it wo n't fix our inequality problem . 
  or you can nationalise industry and force the economy to start working with the goal of feeding employees , not feeding pockets which are already much too full . 
  let 's end the concept of for profit industries and instead have industries workign to employ people and provide the goods people need . 
  i do n't want my employer to be able to fire me without having a proper justification , even if it is easy to find a new job ( and it wo n't be , the economy will be in the shitter ) . 
  how are people supposed to settle down and form families if they keep being forced between jobs as the profitability of exploiting their labour varies seasonally ? 
  if you are going to take advantage of my labour when it profits you , have at the very least the decency of compensating me when it does n't . 
  well , when this ends in disaster you guys will just claim its the fault of some other labour regulation . 
  i know how this fairy tale goes . 
  to the streets then . 
   what if people are of the opinion that gay marriage hurts society similar to the effect that stealing has ? 
  they can hold to that opinion and never marry someone of their own gender . 
  fine by me . 
  what if i am of the opinion that people who are of the opinion that gay marriage hurts society similarly to the effect that stealing has ? 
  the fact is that what two people do with their private lives and whether they are married or not does not in fact matter to anyone else and even if 99 % of the society thought that they should n't be able to live their lifes together they should still under a democracy be able to do as they please . 
  this is not a debate with merits in both sides : it 's something where one of the sides is going about their business as they want without interfering with anyone else or forcing anyone else to also be gay and another side who is not content with letting others do whatever ( factually , undisputably ) perfectly harmless things they wish to do . 
  gay people are n't stealing from anyone or interfering with anyone 's life by having kids . 
  your half-coherent sentence makes no sense if it means what i think it means . 
  in the end even if 99 % of straight people thought gay people should n't have kids that would still be meaningless as it is not their decision . 
  much like its perfectly ok for everyone to disagree with having abortions as long as they do n't try to prevent other people from having them . 
  why should we be forced to entertain or even discuss with people who want to prevent poor or gay people from having kids ? 
  it 's none of their business and not something they have any say about . 
  politicians can be homophobes too . 
  angela merkel for example is a textbook one . 
  the risk being that if their businesses fail they have to start working a decent job for a living just like everyone else . 
  i fundamentally disagree that unions should fight to keep in place the free market way we chose to organize society around , as it is prejudicial to workers . 
  as long as workers refuse to think in the larger scale and understand that they are being exploited for no good reason , nothing will change and the current sorry state of workers earning the tiniest amount of the wealth they alone generate will continue . 
  all wealth is created by labour , all jobs are ultimately created by labour and would n't exist without someone else 's labour . 
  the part of the wealth that does not go to labour is simply being leeched off . 
   it 's just that they generally know when to stop . 
  good , do n't want those workers to get all uppity and think they can do without the leecher upper classes . 
  so basically they will fight for worker rights so long as the profits of the company come first . 
  i 'm talking about deficits not about defaulting . 
  portugal does not want to fulfill the deficit targets of teh eu , why should germany and poland or whoever have the right to force portugal to fulfill those deficit targets ? 
  we are in a union , we agreed to the rules . 
  you can get out any time you want . 
  you know it 's a shit newspaper because it has the national coat of arms right between the two words of its name . 
  well in france the president only really rules if he commands a parliamentary majority , otherwise he is pretty much forced to appoint the leader of the opposition as prime-minister at which point his authority is diminished only to those powers which the constitution reserves exclusively for the presidency . 
  i expressed it should be illegal from the very first message i post . 
  if there was nothing to discuss then you can not justify your reply in the first place . 
  have an excellent day . 
  i do n't recommend it i 'm just glad it is out of the way before i can remember the pain . 
  but apparently this is reddit where my own personal feelings about my own body are super offensive to the natives . 
  i 've never seen anything so weird as reddit fundamentalism about circumcisions . 
  which is why i fucking said i opposed the practice and it should be illegal . 
  but since i 'm personally glad it was done to me that means i 'm a clown and all other sorts of nasty immature bullshit reddit so much excels at . 
  full compliance to the circlejerk is required . 
  yeah i 'm not about to engage with this degree of fundamentalism . 
  you guys are blinded by the circlejerk and treat everyone who disagrees as heretical . 
  open discussions my hairy arse .
