   oh yea cause you live forever . 
  it 's precisely because i am not immortal that i am as you say and i agree a coward . 
  there is nothing more stupid than dying for a cause whose success or failure you wo n't get to experience . 
  death is the ultimate finality . 
  everything is gone and does n't matter anymore . 
   rather die of old age on welfare money in your old chair not being able to move than go help people getting bombed . 
  yes . 
  not ashamed of it either . 
  if a majority were like me , well , there would n't be a need for anyone to die in a war . 
  dying of old age is great , it means you got to experience the most you could from life . 
  nothing is going to matter if you die , i wo n't care less if every single human being dies or lives forever once i 'm dead . 
  here 's for peace indeed . 
  i completely agree with everything you say . 
  i still would not throw my life at risk in a war , i 'd do absolutely everything not to be conscripted and not to live under the threat of being bombed . 
  i 'm sorry , i just value my life above everything else . 
  my country being under nazi rule and me being alive is better to me than a 50 % chance of dying in a war . 
  same for russia . 
  if it came to war or leaving my country i 'd leave . 
  i do n't feel particularly beholden to either of my nationalities in fact . 
  i just want to leave for as long as i possibly can because once i 'm dead nothing i did will matter anyway . 
  life is all that matters to me . 
  i admire those who can put other things above their life 's . 
  i would n't . 
  i 'd have nothing against volunteers and professionals who want to go fight . 
  it 's their life , they can live it as they wish . 
  no declarations of war though , please . 
  i prefer to live myself rather than die , even if it will save someone 's life . 
  i do n't think you really are understanding the finality of death . 
  it 's over , it does n't matter what you did in life . 
  life is the only thing that matters , there 's nothing i would trade my life for . 
  if i could die right now and that meant nobody else would ever die , i would n't do it . 
  if you want to understand why people vote like this when they are confronted with the possibility of going to war , this is my perspective on it . 
  i 'd also have wanted to stay out of ww2 . 
  absolutely no regrets if it lead to me living to 70 and not getting a bullet to the head at 19 . 
  i think most people undervalue their life or do n't fully understand the implication of being dead . 
  nothing matters when you are dead , not if the country is under nazis or not . 
  you are dead and wo n't care . 
  so do what you can to live . 
  it 's the only thing that matters . 
  so i 'm betraying someone because i do n't want to die in a war ? 
  i do n't owe those people anything , why should i go kill my fellow human beings from russia who probably also do n't want to be there ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  we are discussing the scenario where the aggression already happened and it 's time to go to war . 
  i do n't want to fight in a war , i do n't want to have enemy planes bombing my country . 
  i want to stay out of it . 
  no geopolitical conflict in the other side of europe will convince me that my life needs to be hell and disposable . 
  well to be perfectly honest i just remembered that in my country there is a constitutional right to conscientious objection , so i 'd probably be cleaning bathrooms in some hospital or helping with civil administrative tasks . 
  though nobody would be executed , it is a constitutionally forbidden punishment since the revolution . 
  25 years in jail is the maximum punishment . 
  what is nato going to do ? 
  invade your country to force you into the war ? 
  i do n't care if some politician in the past decided it would be good to join nato . 
  i 'd still be against the war and do my best to topple the government who decided to join it and replace it with a anti-war goverment . 
  you can if the alternative is that you as an individual face being forced to fight in a war you did not cause and could not stop and risk death or injury through no fault of your own . 
  i would say no to that every single time . 
  my life is too precious for me to throw it away on a geopolitical conflict . 
  i think i would be against any intervention simply because i do not want to ever be forced to fight in a way , fearing death at every turn in the frontlines . 
  it sounds like hell on earth . 
  the last decades have been all about cutting worker rights . 
  this is the continuation of what lead us here , to the highest inequality of the last century . 
  no , but workers bring their employers a basket of money every day . 
  it 's not like there is n't enough money being generated , enough wealth , to provide more fairly to the needs of everyone . 
  i do n't see what 's so problematic with dividing wealth and labour a bit more fairly so that the ones who have so little may have a bit more and the ones who have so much can then have a little bit less if it is needed . 
  it 's not like there is n't plenty of work that could be done but is n't because it wo n't generate profit for the owners of the wealth . 
  yes , i 'm aware the establishment will spin any failure of macron 's policy not on the unreasonability of his measures but on the fact even more worker right 's cuts are needed . 
  it has been like that ever since they first started slashing them . 
  in reality the idea will still be propagated in the media that nothing happened under macron and that the state never `` modernized '' . 
  just has been done now after hollande 's consulate . 
  everything in demanded of the poor , nothing is demanded of the rich . 
  what about `` the present '' demands that we structure our economy in such a way that labour is considered to be a disposable thing ? 
  why ca n't we structure our economy around worker happiness , stability and good labour conditions and good wages rather than pure sheer numbers of gdp and low debt ? 
  we will see the consequences and then judge the `` lazy entitled workers '' policy that will be followed on it . 
  do note that the previous french government was extremely probusiness and implemented many reversals in worker conquests , to no visible results yet . 
  they could have rejected those policies , and independence would have happened 10 years ago . 
  worker rights destroyed . 
  why must modernity imply a reduction in our rights as workers ? 
  when does it stop ? 
  must we always look at the future as a place where we and our children will be worse off unless we can escape the working class ? 
  under the most recent liberalisation of the labour rules our kids can not even dream of a permanent working contract as something to build their lives on . 
  what more suffering do these people want from us ? 
  the pais also has very clear biases and is followed by a lot of people . 
  i 'd say that by allowing and using a diversity of sources all with their different biases we allow a more diversified interpretation of reality to shine through . 
  are you seriously relating the fall of the unemployment happening now to promises made in the future ? 
  unless said promises go against all legal principles and will apply to contracts signed today , that makes no sense . 
   and if the employees own shares as well they can collect on some of the $ 11.029 billion apple profited as well yes , i 'm sure working class people can afford to buy any quantity of shares to be entitled to own a slight portion of what they alone produce . 
   but strangling the employer causes there to be no jobs which means no workers . 
  or you know , workers could own the entirety of what their labour generates . 
  apple gets paid by the workers . 
  or do you think apple 's shares would have any values if it was n't for workers getting paid cents on the euro they generate for the company ? 
  italy had technocrats in power , they approved measures against the working class . 
   and `` not elected governmeeeeeent ! 1 ! 11 !! 1 ! '' . 
  that does sound pretty bad . 
  i support social democracy i think there should be a regulated free market for.most things and a couple of state monopolies where the free market fails to work for the benefit of all or for natural monopolies . 
  i do n't think that just because someone is desperate enough to work for a bowl of rice and have no weekends that this should be allowed , because then everyone else has to compete with that unrealistic standard . 
  so it 'd be fine by you if he said nothing and nominated a cabinet of entirely women and claimed they were the most competent . 
  and you should read das kapital if we are going to go into ideologically charged economic ideas . 
  employment does n't matter if it is exploitative employment , and if you lower the barriers and somehow think no employer is going to take the opportunity to hire for cheaper and with the possibility of firing without justification ( there are some completely insane people proposing this in portugal , got voted out of government thankfully ) , you do not live on this planet . 
  because many people do n't want us to fall into the blackmail of becoming little more than wage slaves in exchange for the privilege of being able to be the aforementioned slaves ? 
  not hard to understand either . 
  in theory it would be like that , practice disproved it .
