  without it , the government has no legitmate authority and can be freely disregarded as a tyrannical movement . 
  seems like a unrealistic pipedream to me . 
  without government intervention capitalists would dominate completely and we would be little more than wage slaves , unless we took measures into our own hands and seized the means of production . 
   you need a strong state to seize the means of production to not have that hierarchy . 
  you can have direct worker action against the monopoly on means of production . 
  what do libertarian socialists have to do with libertarian capitalists ? 
  almost all people who fled europe are probably dead already , unless you believe talent is inherited . 
  not that i do n't think we should welcome them , as we should welcome all migrants and refugees we can . 
  ca n't that be achieved by giving the same people you would hire to do useless work some money , no strings attached ? 
  that title has got to be a bad joke . 
  he ran for primaries , lost , and then instead of supporting the winner or at least disappearing from public opinion went on to campaign against the party under whose majority he was nominated prime minister . 
  he now claims the party is dead and wants to join a new party . 
  how one can go from prime minister of a party to fierce critic of that party to the point of wanting to be an mp for another one does n't provoke any good feelings among either of the sides . 
  i do n't disagree , just pointing out the hypocrisy of the economical right wing in this matter . 
  though i find the idea of giving people useless jobs problematic in that it perpetuates the dogma that you must work to live , even if your job is useless . 
  this fetishization of labour will be a problem very soon . 
  if we are going to do that ( have people do what is effectively busywork just so that we can employ them ) , then why not : * give them money for free instead of paying for the infrastructure where they work or to a private company to employ them * hire them for chronically understaffed public research projects, 
  this is equivalent to public jobs being created for the sake of jobs being created with the exception that these people are not reviled for being public workers and conservatives everywhere see nothing wrong as there is a private corporate middleman taking a cut . 
  why even hold primaries if you intend to disregard the results and support another candidate any way ? 
  do as employers are supposed to do and offer formation to workers you hire ? 
  the degree of entitlement employers have nowaydas is shocking `` why are people with the exact extremely specific qualifications i want not available for cheap , why must i offer paid formation if i want someone to go through the process of learning extremely specific skills that likely wo n't translate well to any other job ? 
  which sounds like a shitty way to deal with people who did not really have a choice about where they were born or the genetic makeup of their parents . 
   if a croat moves to israel and lives there , he is still a croat , not an israeli , and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  which has nothing to do with ethnicity , but nationality . 
  they do n't need to lobby the regulator to do something that is completely legal . 
  they probably lobby the relevant eu institutions who legalised zero rating . 
  it 's certainly disheartening to think everyone around me including close friends feel less connected to me then i do to them because i have a different ethnicity . 
  honestly , i do n't feel more connected to the three or four people i share ethnicity with then everyone else including much closer friends and my entire family . 
  not do i feel culturally distant from the culture i grew in due to a different ethnicity from the norm . 
  i can comprehend what ethnicity is thank you very much . 
  what i struggle to understand is how someone from my nationality and ethnicity is any more `` my people '' than someone also from my nationality but from other ethnicity . 
  seems like a lousy concept for any form of national sense of unity . 
  why would a right wing youth not vote macron ? 
  is a white person of your nationality somehow more `` your people '' than a not white person ? 
  largely they would n't . 
  divine rights have long been abolished in france . 
  economic freedom includes protecting the worker from employer abuse and exploitation and imposing that he receives a fair share of the wealth he produces . 
  the moment 51 % of the people do not defend democracy any more , then democracy either collapses under the pressure and gives way to the system the majority prefers or turns to non-democratic measures and eventually collapses by itself . 
  he did n't outright support him . 
  he said he 'd never vote le pen , and that we was n't a * ni ni * ( neither , neither ) . 
  which pretty much means while completely opposing macron , he 'd vote for him . 
  but he is only the representative candidate of a collective movement who voted on what to do in a movement-wide pool . 
  the majority chose to abstain from formally reccomending a vote . 
   you can have the will of the people in a fascist government you can not , if you hold elections regularly , do n't suppress the rights to vote of certain minorities , you are not fascist . 
  fascism precludes the will of the people , and thus democracy . 
   communist government why not ? 
  communism seems a pretty democratic way not only to run the political institutions of a country but also its economy , which right now is not democratic at all . 
   because by this logic democracy can abolish itself into tyranny it absolutely can . 
   we 'd have to call it democratic . 
  a democratic abolition of democracy . 
  is it democratic to impose democracy on an electorate who does not will it ? 
  if the comission , the parliament and the council were in control of people who were against freedom of movement the treaties could be revised to exclude it and the eu would go on . 
  the eu is democratic because it stands for the will of the people . 
  the will of the people right now as expressed by the eu democratic system is freedom of movement . 
  if that changes , the politicians in control of the eu change and the eu changes . 
  this is democracy . 
  there are many european values . 
  communism is an european value , democratic socialism also started in europe , anarchism has european roots , etc. . . 
  and you get called regressive if you are anywhere to the left of `` deport all muslims '', 
  the european union does not have values in the same way a democratic country has no values besides democracy . 
  the values are up to the elected officials of each country or of the eu . 
  if gue-ngl won a majority , or efn won a majority , the eu values would be different . 
  so i am reminded as i am forced to work longer hours for less pay , less rights , less protections . 
  as the economy gets better and my life gets worse we can all reminisce on how bad it was on the terrible old days when there were social democracies on the eu and corporate profits could n't raise at the expense of worker 's labour . 
   and the 35 hour workweek are killing hiring france has huge unemployment , there is no scarcity of people to hire if you need more manhours . 
   the crazy level of worker protection it 's down to the bare minimums , successive cuts have been completely inconclusive . 
   entrepreneurial potential the problem with entrepreneurs is that when they are successful they effectively built a machine to milk workers of the wealth they generate except for the tiniest bit with which to subsist on and they leech off the biggest portion of the wealth . 
  and dividends and company profits pay less tax than work income , not more , for some inane reason that i can only think happens because companies and rich people are near power , and workers are far from power . 
  well i could n't bring myself to vote for him , i voted blank . 
  highest percent of blank votes ever if i am recalling correctly . 
  i also would n't back a communist if he ran against a fash . 
  i 'm a social democrat , shame melenchon did n't make it through . 
  now to get ready to block macrons agenda of destroying worker rights . 
  do n't disappoint your working class france !, 
  do n't blame the left-wing for globalisation or liberal bullshit . 
  we have got nothing to do with that and this sub regularly shits on us for refusing to support right-wing macron . 
  we do and pay . 
  people who earn a lot based on our work and sweat and then dodge taxes in the netherlands however ... 
  as left-wing policies get further away from power do n't then forget to come wine that people being crushed by capitalism policies without restraint turn to populist movements . 
  can the four countries acting in union veto any measure ? 
  could it be because we already pay extremely high taxes and it should be the extremely low or often times completely avoided taxes on the rich to pay for a decent wellfare state ? 
  look at what happened after the ussr collapsed ... 
  no matter how much civilians suffer in the process ? 
  between a rich ex-banker having a offshore account or wikileaks being lying bastards it 's kind of hard to use the razor . 
  both seem about equally ( extremely ) possible . 
  i 'm not a big conspiracy theorist . 
  let the authorities sort it out . 
  then let 's wait to know who did it . 
  and when europe retaliates what will they use as justification ? 
  there is no proof , but we * just know it was you guys * ? 
  this is not how international policy works . 
  particularly over a set of documents that is mostly harmless and at most paints macron in a good light . 
  yes , i 'm sure this will pacify them a lot . 
  countries tend to stand idly by as they collapse . 
  no way this could go wrong for everyone . 
  we are talking about the eu 's parliamentary system that largely works by coalition . 
  france does n't have a coalition based system for the presidency , but a coalition must still form to have a stable government in the national assembly . 
  also voter coalitions form all the time for the presidency , you just need to see the support statements by some candidates . 
  even concessions can be made by one candidate to a defeated candidate in exchange for his support . 
  for example melenchon tried to negotiate a repeal of the macron labour law in exchange for his support of macron , which was rejected .
