  it 's like reading an opinion piece by a politician about how much the people support his party , except he even states exact numbers for the support for his position without giving any sort of source . 
  also about your edit about veto powers , these powers are usually granted to help the president fulfill his role as a maintainer of the regime 's rule of law , and usually are easily overthrowable . 
  they are more of an opportunity for the president to sway public opinion against a particular law . 
  in portugal parliament can choose to force the president to sign a bill into law by voting for it by a 50 % +1 majority of all members of parliament , instead of 50 % +1 of the members present at the time of voting which is the usual rule . 
  the president can then either choose to sign the bill or present it to the constitutional court ( imagine a branch of the supreme court specifically created to deal with constitutionality questions ) for evaluation . 
  if the president believes the parliament is going completely rogue and against popular will he may also choose to dissolve it ( he has to hold meetings with each party 's head first , but does not need to follow their reccomendation on this ) and call for a fresh legislative election . 
  doing so immediately forces the government to resign . 
  this has only been done once since 1974 's constitution and is seen as a very risky and somewhat tyrannical move . 
  the president who did it only did so because the govermnent was extremely unpopular and his own party was miles ahead in the polls . 
  it paid off and his party won the next election , but some people still resent him for doing it . 
  there is no usa pm . 
  usually where there are pms they are either subordinate to the president ( france when the president controls parliament ) or the sole heads of government with the president taking on a more figurehead/guarantee of the regime role . 
  for example in portugal the pm holds all executive power pretty much but the president can dissolve the government if the rule of law is in danger as well as call for legislative elections whenever he wants . 
  the president is also technically the one who chooses the prime minister but in practice parliament decides on that because they most approve the government programme . 
  so when we vote for parliament we are also voting for the parties who will form government coalitions and choose the head of government while you elect the head of government directly . 
  no , pms are the head of the executive branch ( government ) . 
  presidents are heads of state . 
  and ? 
  they are different entities and the rule of law is n't weakened if different parties and ideas are elected to each position , much like it is n't weakened if senate and lower chamber majorities diverge . 
  i agree that labour reforms are necessary to ensure that as automation takes over people do n't lose everything . 
  i disagree that workers have too much rights , they have too little rights . 
  if macron has his way workers will be able to be fired for no reason at all , just completely at the whim of the employer . 
  part of being divided means they can be in control of politicians from different opinions . 
  this is what guarantees the rule of law . 
  if the state has degenerated into a single party occupying all positions of power the rule of law weakens . 
  source besides an op-ed in a shitty daily mail clone ? 
  who is the `` we '' in `` we in britain '' ? 
  believe whatever you will , there is no support for bullshit such as life imprisionment . 
  no , they occupied it . 
  we believe everyone can be rehabilitated here in portugal and life in prison to be an inhumane punishment that lowers us to the level of the criminal we seek to punish . 
  in portugal the worst you can ever get is 25 years with parole being mandatory at 18 . 
  works pretty well . 
  the rule of law demands that the branches of government are divided . 
  but french workers will have to live with diminished rights wages and bargaining power forever . 
  but my grandparents were from three different countries so it 's already a pretty mixed up situation . 
  what 's the value in supposed genetic purity ? 
  why is it a necessary evil ? 
  are we really not entitled to the bare minimum guarantees necessary to build our families around ? 
  progress meaning working more for less and with less rights . 
  the more we progress the worse off the workers must become ? 
   at the end of the day if it results in lower unemployment and the economy doing better , everyone will benefit from that . 
  no , not necessarily , only if efforts are made to distribute the wealth fairly and in an equalitarian fashion . 
  never underestimate the french street . 
  at the very least it can make this fucking nightmare a one term presidency and the guy so humiliated and defeated he wo n't even dare to run again . 
  there is a list of voters and they cross your name off but that list is destroyed when the polls close . 
  in theory it would be possible to aggregate the data , in practice it is a nightmare to even try and do so . 
   when all the women of one tribe , nation , country continent are bearing children for men outside of that tribe country continent what do you think happens after a few generations ? 
  what does that have to do with my genetics ? 
  my genetics are mine , my daughters and sisters and the women of my country and my brothers and sons and men of my country will procreate with who they wish . 
  i do not see any particular value in portuguese genetics ( the concept is laughable with how much interbreeding we have done with other peoples , you 'd have a hard time defining a portuguese ethnicity of any kind ) . 
  if in the future another people passes by these lands they will leave yet another mark on our dna . 
  had good results for employment numbers , but bad results for workers as they now enjoy less rights and protections . 
  we can do better , we should n't resign to earning less and working more as our economy , which is fueled by our labour , grows larger and larger . 
  we should demand our fair share . 
  the fact that people preferred his policies to each one of the others in average does n't mean that there is a majority of the population in support of his neoliberal agenda . 
  there is at most a plurality and some of those were deceived by the `` nordic model !!! '', 
  drivel he spouted for a while before dropping the facade . 
  which is why he is soon to see his popularity drop below 50 % and mass civil unrest and protests when he goes forward with the ultraliberal agenda . 
  i really do n't like that parliament can be dissolved like that here in portugal . 
  it 's never used either because it 's seen as tyrannical . 
  it was used once and the president who did it is still lambasted for partisanship . 
  better to demote everyone to wage slaves ? 
  the nordic model bullshit macron keeps spouting is just a facade . 
  newly elected officials who have n't done anything yet always have decent approval ratings . 
  the people who voted for him did n't necessarily like him ? 
  so did hollande . 
  no , they refused to endorse anyone and were criticised for it . 
  also the conservatives endorsed him and he appointed a conservative prime minister to head his cabinet . 
  the fact you expected it does n't mean you have to like it . 
  you ca n't take unpopular measures and expect your popularity not to drop . 
  this is only the beginning , when his reforms fail to have any effect other than the predictable rich getting richer , poor getting poorer his popularity will hit lower levels . 
  he ran on an explicitly ultra-capitalist / no labour rights platform . 
  his cuts are to worker rights and assurances , to social services paid for by taxes on the exploitative rich guys . 
  he does n't have any , which is why people voted for him . 
  the alternative was a fascist . 
  that does n't mean people thought his agenda was great . 
  how does someone give up their genetics ? 
  to the streets , block his labour reform and drag his government 's popuilarity through the mud . 
  render him as innefective and useless as hollande was . 
  they expected he would n't have fascist sympathies . 
  he does not have the amount of popular support everyone would have you believe , his super majority was constructed on a plurality of votes . 
  no , but at that point you can just spoil the ballot ( mark down another party after taking the photo , or draw a penis in it , whatever ) or more likely talk to one of the police officers about the guy who is trying to coerce you to vote . 
  it 's still miles better than online voting where they just need to steal your access key or coerce you into giving it , or buying it and verifying that it works . 
  here in portugal nobody can go with you to the area where you write the cross and fold the ballot . 
  they can watch that you threw the ballot but there 's no way to know which party you voted for or even if you spoiled the ballot or voted blank . 
  there 's exceptions to the rule if you have a disability but that severely limits the number of buyable votes . 
  ultimately you can take the picture and then mark another party and since your ballot has 2 parties marked down that is considered to be a spoilt ballot which is somewhat better than a bought/coerced vote . 
  it has to do with separation of powers . 
  the president can not overrule the assembly because it holds the legislative power , not the president . 
  in portugal we also have a 50 +1 rule to overturn vetoes and usually the assembly is willing to change the law to address some of the president 's complaints . 
  if the president disagrees so much with the assembly he can always choose to dissolve it and trigger elections . 
  he usually does n't do this unless the current majority is really unpopular because it is seen as a dick move and could boost the chances of the parties he does n't like winning again with reinforced majorities . 
  in portugal the system is very similar ( instead of a majority of the mps who are present a majority of all mps is necessary to overturn a veto ) and the system works fairly well because the president can write in his veto letter what he or she thinks is wrong with the vetoed law . 
  this is all very public and notorious so parliament usually makes a few adjustments to the law . 
  usually the president is fairly popular so politicians would rather be seen to bend than to enter in a battle with him . 
  ultimately the president can choose to just dissolve the parliament and trigger new elections , which would render the bill passed by parliament null . 
  this is very rarely done . 
  because the president is not supposed to have legislative power , rather merely representative powers/figurehead powers . 
  this is something he can use to agitate public opinion in favour or against something . 
  it 's more of a soft power rather than a hard power which belongs with the legislature in terms of making law .
