  now companies just use the deregulation to prey and exploit their employees and offer no guarantees . 
  actually the way we got out of the shithole is by making our new economy model allow for more exploitative employment like this . 
  when it starts to stagnate and go worse we will just lower the bar even more and allow for more exploitation . 
  shit , worthless employment that you can not count to keep for even more than 6 months and that pays cents on the euro you produce , yes . 
  most people have started to call our situation a `` subemployment '' situation . 
  what most people can get can not truly qualify as employment , particularly young people living perpetually on apprenticeships half paid by the state , half paid by the company and with no perspective of every getting a contract without a validity date on it . 
  it effectively has the largest voice in setting what the eu accepts in other countries fiscal policies . 
  germany sets the eu fiscals diktat in a way that is convenient to them . 
  see all the obstruction the eu imposed on anti austerity governments , legitimately elected , of greece and portugal . 
  you talk about the official rules and we are talking about what actually happens , and what happens is that no fiscal policy in the eu can not go against the eus opinion and the eus opinion mostly can not be decided without german agreement . 
  you 'd be surprised if you knew the internal political reality of smaller eu countries in that your government has much more freedom to set any fiscal policy it wants compared to other countries who if they deviate from the eu diktat even slightly get lots of disparaging comments by eu officers and have to go through a lot to get their budget approved . 
  nobody would ever think of denying germany a budget . 
   but you neglect to mention that the countries where this is most prevalent are countries with have the most restrictive labour codes , and consequently high barriers of entry into a lot of occupations . 
  is it ? 
  we are way better off than the us for example where there is very little labour regulation and abuse , exploitation and intolerably low pay and inequality is reaching record high values . 
   i 'm sorry , i ca n't help but chuckle at the idea of what you consider `` police brutality '' and `` working without complaints '' , compared to the reality of everyday life in a communist dictatorship . 
  conservative dictatorship . 
  are you suspected of being a communist ? 
  murdered and your body dissolved with * cal viva * by the military police . 
  suspected of being a socialist ? 
  deported to the tarrafal concentration camp . 
  guilty of being a 18 year old male boy ? 
  shipped off to half a world away to fight your fellow humankind for the divine mandate your country holds over theirs . 
  guilty of being a woman ? 
  not allowed to leave the country without male permission . 
  no free elections ( policeman at your door to take your vote if you are a civil servant , reminding you of the dangers of voting for the opposition ( unsealed ballots , opposition ballot colored red , `` situation '' ballot colored blue ) . 
  i know a thing or two about dictatorships . 
  curiously it was a socialist military uprising that freed us , called for free elections and installed democracy . 
   self-interest is a mechanism for resource allocation that works very well in practice . 
  except that in the name of self interest we have situations appearing like uber drivers , like people forced into perpetual apprenticeships and the first generation who will be worse off than their parents , all this while the economy reaches imprecedented levels of wealth . 
  communist and socialist populists that lead to dictatorships are born of this inequality . 
  it has been so in the past , let us pray it wo n't be so in the future . 
  but for this to be so people have to feel they have something to lose . 
  increasingly , they do n't . 
   and the people with the imagination to build something these are workers too . 
  not all work is at the assembly line . 
   i was born in a society run by people who exploited this worker-centric mumbo jumbo to create a totalitarian hellhole i was born in an opposite society , where people exploited the difference in wealth to keep the working class dumb and working without much complaint , with the sprinkle of police brutality , beatings and torture added in . 
  qualifying something as mumbo-jumbo is completely meaningless . 
  i could say the part about the capital contributing something other than hoarding capital itself and then using it to control the means of production is also mumbo-jumbo used to prevent a democratic economy . 
   i wonder if france 's supposedly super-worker-friendly labour code have anything to do with that . 
  our supposedly super-worker-friendly labour code allows stuff like this . 
  i have come to accept that the workers have finally lost . 
  our kids will be worse off than us . 
  but we will be a competitive country . 
  your ideology won the future . 
  we now just have to live with it . 
  but we are going to move in their direction . 
  because in this day and age , if we do not liberalize and become competitve , we disappear . 
  which means that instead of looking optimistically to the future we know that we will have to live progressively worse in order to generate more profits for our employers , each year with less rights , less wages and less hope . 
  we lost . 
  but as i explained its not true that we have it so good , many are already abolutely exploited . 
  most young people can be fired any time , any reason and do not have permanent contracts !, 
  how can they build their lives ? 
  and then there are people who work ridiculous long hours to give the profits to the companies these bankers trade in , the workers generating the wealth with no hope of ever being compensated . 
  maybe his is really the only path for survival . 
  it means the future for me and my fellow workers is more poverty , more work , increasingly less pay so as to remain competitive . 
  this makes me depressed , makes me feel there is nothign to fight for , that there will always be a majority underclass of so called failures as a couple of people succeed and get heralded as examples of entrepreneurship . 
  i want happiness and good living conditions for everyone , i think that if we managed that it would be ok if you could never dream of being a millionaire . 
  sadly the path we are going to is making our country more attractive to millionaires even if we have to live in the bare minimums , getting worse pay as time goes on instead of better . 
  i guess i should just accept . 
  my ideology is that we should strive for a society where the improvement we make as time goes on is equally shared with the people who worked hard , 35 hours a week , sometimes overtime , for it . 
  i do n't think that 's such a bad ideology to have compared with raw pragmatism where as long as the gpd is improving it does n't matter if the majority is regressing instead of progressing because those who `` earned it '' are getting richer . 
  i accept that we have been defeated . 
  i am not sure what world my children will live in . 
  they will either make it as rich people or die wage slaves . 
  every ideology can claim to be the pragmatic one . 
  his is no different . 
  make no mistake , he has an ideology . 
  look up what he did to labour rights as economy minister . 
  people keep acting as if he 's a fresh face in policies when he 's anything but . 
   but capitalism created the world around you workers created the world around me . 
  every single building , every single edible thing , every single giant pile of cash someone is sitting one is the product of working class people . 
  worker exploitaiton is a very real problem . 
  youths are grinded in fake apprenticeships and temporary shit employment , ca n't build lives because they never know if six months for now they will have a job or not , not to mention that are paid so badly it 's impossible to afford independent homes or begin families . 
  i suggest that if his brief tenure as minister of economy is any indication , we are soon going to have . 
  but yes , we do have some . 
  our youth are forced to work full time jobs with no learning as if they were trials or apprenticeships . 
  no paid vacation , no worker rights , no right to get a permanent contract after some time . 
  always on a six month timeline where at the end of it they can just let you go or renew . 
   macron , in contrast to the extremists , actually offers incremental progress no , he offers less rapid degeneration of worker rights compared to the republican right-wing , but he does n't propose any progress . 
  he proposes that we should give 5 free weekly hours to employers , he proposes that the rights we conquered through progressive fight and negotiation be all rolled back . 
  they are also horrificaly under paid , operate in a legal gray area , do not possess a valid commercial transport license and are causing wages to go down . 
  they have no worker rights , no right to paid holiday , no maternity leave , etc. . . 
  this model of economics can not be our future . 
  it is dystopian . 
  the man who wanted to be napoleon but lacked all qualities . 
  i think we do . 
  people seem to forget with the reluctant macron vote but there is a lot of anti-eu and anti-establishment sentiment in france . 
  not that i would mind if the eu went full acceleracionist , the best revolutions always start in france . 
  also with modern communication technology is there a need for antyhing but an official seat for ceremonial occasions ? 
  plenaries can be held online , voting certainly should be handled with informatic capability and any communication with the commission can be handled via mobile communications or the internet . 
  how does centrism solve the problem of worker exploitation and hyper-capitalism ? 
  this sounds too ridiculous not to be one of those myths people conjure out of thin air to bash the eu . 
  then close the `` working place '' which is not official ( brussels ) and not the official seat of the european parliament . 
  it 's one of those ideological declarations parliaments often pass , it does not have any binding effect on the government . 
  for example portugal 's parliament has voted against illegal settlement 's in palestine , against the declarations of the eurogroup president , against the chechen concentration camp situation , etc. . . 
   finally , you have lots of young people who refuse to be governed and may help shape the political spectrum because the institutionnal left ( both radical and center ) will have to position itself against them . 
  how so ? 
  nobody can be governed against their will . 
  the first principle of the legitimacy of government is the consent of the governed .
