  all of northern ireland could vote for independentist candidates for westminster and it would n't mean anything and it would amount to nothing . 
  it 's the same problem with the argument rajoy has against catalonia 's referendum when he says that it should be democratically voted in the congress of deputies where catalonia holds a tiny minority of seats . 
  i disagree , and since we are both speculating there is not much more to be said . 
  is it any better to vote to be ruled by an institution when your end goal is to break free from it ? 
  knowing that no matter how much in favour of your position your people vote , it is still a tiny minority of the way to getting it to freely relinquish its power over you ? 
  i disagree , i think it could potentially affect us in the not so long term . 
  no amount of border security can insulate us completely in the age of globalization . 
  as is thinking that what is happening right outside your borders will not affect you if you go isolationist hard enough . 
  75 % they have a majority . 
  the point is that if you vote for others they will go on to represent you in an institution whose legitimacy to rule you you do not recognize . 
  so as a protest against the yoke , you send no one . 
  there 's also the problem with mps being forced to swear loyalty to the queen . 
  results coming out point to better than normal tory performance . 
  to me its pretty clear there will be a tory majority , with perhaps slightly more seats than last time . 
  people are kinda ashamed to say they do n't like corbyn but no way in hell some of them would vote for him or for someone who did not keep him out . 
  yep , they never take their seats . 
  in portugal employees remarking to their bosses that it 's past the end of work time will often say `` est\u00e1 na horinha '' , which means `` it 's the hour '' but with hour in the diminutive . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not versed in the proper terminology . 
  no offence meant . 
  uk unionists from northern ireland ? 
  conservatives + irish unionists is obvious as their rethoric on labour is that corbyn is a terrorist sympathizer - it only remains to be seen if it is possible . 
  though my prediction at this point is a conservative outright absolute majority . 
  polls have been wrong before and the shy tory vote is strong . 
  that 's also not a solution . 
  it may partially fix the symptoms , but the problem will keep festering outside our ivory tower . 
  permanent arrangements for refugee support outside our borders and for pacification of the middle east must be made , and i think it should start by quickly bringing the countries not currently involved in civil wars up to a decent standard of development . 
  i know a few which are completely free for all uses and look much more professional . 
  there 's free templates they could have used to produce better results in an hour if that 's the route we are going . 
  would those accept this kind of coin ? 
  i can barely get them to accept perfectly normal coins sometimes , so i always thought they were very strict about shape and weight . 
  or he could just give it to someone as change . 
  what percentage of coins is eventually deposited in the bank ? 
  hunger , poverty , all great things . 
  nice deflection after you just literally praised thatcher on what she did to coal miners . 
  do you really say that without feeling the slightest bit disgusted about thanking someone for utterly destroying livelihoods without providing any source of compensation or even showing sympathy to her victims . 
  god this capitalist world never ceases to sicken me . 
  they ca n't use nuclear blackmail because we have nuclear weapons . 
  the obvious moral decision when someone sends a nuclear attack is not to retaliate though , because you only generate a larger problem by retaliating and do not fix anything . 
  would you prefer the world to end instead of the evil evil russians who 'd totally use nuclear weapons on us conquering europe ? 
  there 's a reason why we do n't elect internet tough guys for high office . 
  you are already dead at that point . 
  there is no way to kill the other guy , he 's probably hiding from nuclear strikes . 
  you just need to choose between a country getting destroyed or two countries getting destroyed . 
  i ca n't understand the cult of suffering behind the widespread admiration for people like thatcher and other austeritarians . 
  there is this easily thaught dogma that `` yes , everything became worse but it was necessary because we were having it too good '' . 
  people feel like their suffering is righteous , that it is correct morally that the majority should suffer . 
  is n't that why it is so vital to have someone with corbyn 's moral fiber on the trigger finger ? 
  vengeance is pretty meaningless when you in trying to carry it out not only will you probably miss the motherfuckers who did it , you also ended up roasting to cinder millions of people who are probably not happy with the decision to use the bomb . 
  i think it 's important in war to recognize that just because your people are doomed you should n't ruin humanity 's slim chance of survival . 
  particularly since you 'd be exacting vengeance upon people who likely had no say on the matter . 
  here 's the thing about using nuclear weapons : they are deterrance . 
  if nuclear weapons are deployed against you already there is no actual point in using them . 
  if they are n't deployed , there naturally is n't any excuse to use them . 
  so whatever the situation you should not use them . 
  there was a time where the european citizens got helped at the expense of african citizens . 
  no such thing as international law back then though . 
  the west will literally disappear in a few generations , this is equivalent to genociding european citizens guyz !, 
   or lose western europe within a few generations . 
  the melodrama is where you lose people . 
  the west is n't going anywhere , the vast majority of people in countries much more affected by refugees than poland do n't feel like the sky is falling and there is no political will from either the governments or the electorate to implement the kind of radical and inhumane solutions you are proposing in the richer countries where the problem is more pronounced . 
  or you know incredibly complicated and intricate international politics that are n't solvable by simplistic solutions thought up for a reddit post . 
  which from what i understand from his constitutional functions are far and large out of his hands . 
  but should someone who watches them out of curiosity , however morbid or weird , be detained if caught ? 
  portugal , italy , greece , austria ... did i miss any other country where the left is in power in europe ? 
  why does the left keep getting blamed for things they could n't do since it 's been almost two decades since they have been anything but a marginal political actor ? 
  it 's illegal internationally to deport someone to a country who does not want to receive that person . 
  otherwise middle eastern countries would also start dropping their criminals in our borders . 
  how dares a journalist not blindly trust one side or opinion and seek confrontational opinions or validate that what the group is doing is actually correct ? 
  is it their job or something ? 
  oh wait , it is !, 
  can we address the fact that it is enough for a posting to paint catalonia , barcelona or anything related to catalonia in a vaguely good light for it to get buried in downvotes ? 
  is there some brigade at work ? 
  edit : already downvoting just for noting this strange effect ... 
   china is the most hardcore capitalist country if it was n't the west would not be willing to make deals with them . 
  goal number 1 is to blockade and bring down any country who does not go the capitalist route . 
  they already have the libdems for ruthless capitalism with leftist social policies . 
  why are unions all opposed to his reforms then ? 
  it 's false . 
  well you 've come to the point where nations and states stand in the way of democracy to be honest . 
  the idea that people are somehow too dumb to make good decisions but smart enough not to elect stupid politicians is baffling especially when electdd politicians defend it . 
  do they realise they are claiming to be elected and chosen by a bunch of drooling idiots ? 
  that does not reflect well on them . 
  what 's the point of calling a referendum if `` taking the result in consideration '' means doing whatever the well you wanted to do to begin with . 
  this is the kind of thing that diminishes faith in democracies and makes people think the current politicians do not respect their sovereignty . 
  there can be only one logical conclusion to people who are against direct democracy but for representative democracy , and that is that elected officials should lie regularly to get elected because the public is just too stupid to vote for good policies . 
  it seems much less likely for a wide electoral base to shit the bed than for a appointed politician to shit the bed . 
  workers in sweden and denmark have hugely powerful unions with lots of rights enshrined in the law . 
  macron will go full union busting mode as soon as we field huge opposition to his labour reforms in the streets and block this country with strikes . 
  meet the new gang , same as the old gang except they are also coming for your job security and work rights . 
  en marche is socially liberal and economically hard-right . 
  the first is most definitely unconstitutional and reels of something a banana republic would consider doing . 
  i feel like i am in bizarro world lately where economy minister becoming president means there is a fresh face in the elysee and now apparently french german relations which have been solid with hollande always backing merkel up where suddenly shit for an entire decade . 
  until the problems voiced and silenced in may 68 are solved , it will remain a landmark . 
  if the target country wo n't take them and you hold them until they can leave , which they never can , you effectively condemned them to life in prison . 
  we will see and this time we will judge his capitalist policies on what they are , not on the last time where capitalist reforms failing kept being blamed on the fact we are still too socialist like hollande 's labour reform . 
  for worker 's sake i hope he does n't . 
  abandoning all hope though . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm seeing your point ? 
  how are they not confirming to the roles of the military by even wearing specific uniforms when they stop fitting the regular ones due to an health condition , since uniforms are expected of all military ? 
  this seems going above and beyond in trying to fit into what is expected .
