   alternatively , you can also just vote physically with paper , and it will be the vote that counts , even if you vote online later a few times . 
  this sounds scary . 
  in theory this means they can construct lists of people who voted and people who didnt vote . 
   this is among the problems with people taking pictures of their filled in ballots and sharing them online not really , you can easily ask for another ballot and they will destroy the previous one and give you a fresh one . 
  you can sell your vote but there is no way for the people who bought it to verify that you actually voted the way they paid you to vote . 
  so there is no point in buying a vote . 
  in portugal the constitution explicitly mandates that the president has 20 days to sign or veto or ask for constitutional appreciation of a law passed by parliament . 
  makes sense since there is a separation of powers and parliament is the only one who has legislative powers . 
  a veto can thus also be overturned by a simple majority . 
  the constitution even explicitly states that by vetoing the president is merely `` requesting the assembly to reconsider '' . 
  nobody knows what would happen to a president who refused to sign within the alloted 20 days but he could in principle be removed from offfice for it . 
  they are so bad for having opinions . 
   listen to orb\u00e1n how about no . 
  i find the practice silly and do n't care about internet points . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  there is of course no way amorim deserved to be as rich as he was . 
  since capitalist countries work by merit we are starting down at more merit than pretty much all people who will read this thread combined . 
  such titans these guys are . 
  which is why we do n't let criminal law be drafted by mindless mobs anymore . 
  we 'd get our very own afghanistan . 
   if labor gets much more expensive , they 'll outsource how about we do not do that ? 
  we can choose how to organize our system of economy . 
  what does skin color have to do with anything ? 
  what the hell is progressive about using acid instead of knives ? 
  if the message is that violent crime is a part of living in a city , that 's just a fact . 
  that 's not what i said at all . 
  i said that something which happens once a day in london in fact happens very infrequently to someone . 
  you know , basic math . 
  yes , that 's the only possible cause of unemployment . 
  i do n't know what more the neolibs want , we have no rights already . 
  it almost seems like they will be only satisfied when they can fire someone without them doing anything wrong . 
  i think this is the level of radicalism we are dealing with here . 
  they want your company not to have to provide a reason to fire you at all . 
  is it really fair to consider syriza as eurosceptic after all they did in government against their own principles to please the eu ? 
  in a place as big as london the chance that something which occurs daily to someone ocurring to you is miniscule and not a cause for worrying . 
  the problem is not the people drowning , it 's people who would be here in a prosperous place who get stuck in utter misery and even possibly danger . 
  our ancestors fought bitterly against their exploiters for the meager rights the french working class enjoys . 
  one of the most peaceful regions of the world going through one of it 's most peaceful , violent crime free times . 
  there 's plenty wrong with europe but violence is not the priority at all . 
  except for , you know , the lack of rights . 
  which are a goal and a treasure in and of themselves , and one conquered through the struggle of plenty of working class people in the past . 
  he despises worker rights and wants more wage slavery . 
  he is not the better candidate . 
  he is racist , classist and wants an imperialist system as well as reinforcing worker exploitation . 
  he is a terrible candidate and should not be given a mandate . 
  if he wins , let it be with record abstention so that there world knows the french will fight him every step of the way . 
  between two horrible choices collaborate with no one and organize a resistance . 
  i 'm not off to go into a campaign where either my side gets raped and pillaged or my fellow soldiers will rape and pillage the innocent in the other side . 
  the fact the world is fucked up does not mean i have to be a collaborationist . 
  if you are not going to let me live my life in peace content with merely draining my productive ability for all it is worth than they can fuck off and kill me now or i can die fighting them and not the poor soda who got conscripted from the other side . 
   complete ignorance of history if you think this matters . 
  wanting to be there or not did n't stop the rape of berlin , the rape of nanking ... and the list goes on and on i literally just said that . 
  you somehow seem to think that your side is so pure and virtuous that your conscripted soldiers after weeks of hell in the trenches would n't behave like monsters upon their defeated enemies . 
   oh so you 're a marxist i 'm not sure theories conceived 200 years ago are good policies to seek in the present to lead us into the future . 
  i 'm certainly sympathetic with the obvious truth that some of us exploit and some of us are exploited and that those who produce something are utterly alienated from what they produce . 
   nihilist i 'm the complete opposite of a nihilist : i consider being alive and being able to have experiences to be the only thing that makes me human . 
  death takes that away from me . 
  in the end dying for a cause , any cause , is utterly meaningless . 
  only being alive is worth something , if you die to achieve something , even if your death guarantees it , it will be completely meaningless to you . 
   human nature is the reason for war , and until we genetically engineer that shit out of us it 's not going away . 
  i invite you to prove this extraordinary claim . 
  until we as humans started calling random pieces of land as ours and forbiding other groups of people from coming within amd then extending that to property there was no reason for organized war . 
  fights sure , but war on the scale we see today is fought over private property . 
  more specifically you use people who have little to no property to defend your own property and use social conventions to call them traitors when they flip you off . 
  i do n't feel any stronger connection to a portuguese person than to a spanish person by virtue of their nation . 
  that shit was arbitrarily defined in meaningless wars . 
  we are all humans and ought to judge one another by the way we treat each other . 
  i 'm not off to die in your war or any war . 
  if i had a choice between dying right here right now spitting on the face of the guy trying to conscript me or in the trenches after having slaughtered some of my fellow working class men on the other side of the border , i 'd spit in the president 's face and send him to hell before they put a bullet in my brain . 
  in the infamous words of the legend dennis skinner : `` do what you like '' . 
   you 'd want your sisters to be conscripted ? 
  god damn bro ... 
  i had just made clear that i want nobody to be conscripted . 
  why should women be exempt from such an horrible fate ? 
  you are the one claiming that it is right for conscription to exist , i invite you to do some soul searching about why it seems such a terrible fate for one half of the population that you were appaled by the suggestion while simultanously being apalled that someone would refuse the conscription . 
  it is either so terrible that no one should be subject to it or it is perfectly ok for everyone fit to fight . 
   end of the day an army of men with bad intentions is coming to fuck your home up , i do n't much care why , i 'd fight them . 
  an army of men which does not want to be there and was conscripted into it . 
  their leaders may have bad intentions , but then so too may our leaders have bad intentions and you 'd be conscripted all the same . 
  do not think your side would be ever so noble as to not have your victorious army conquer , pillage and rape it 's way through the enemy country . 
   but to say you 'd let your country get conquered is insanity . 
  when you die , nothing more exists . 
  in a scenario where i die instead of my country being conquered i do n't have a country . 
  nothing matters after death . 
  in a perfect world i 'd rise in rebellion with my fellow man from whatever country i was at war with to end the war and the capitalist system that inevitably and cyclically leads to it . 
  want me to put my life in the line for something , there you have it . 
  not the interests of those who exploit me and call themselves my betters . 
  let the rich men who make all the profit from the work of young men and women take up arms . 
  i also have fathers and brothers . 
  if i had sisters i suspect i 'd think that if i am to be conscripted than so too should they . 
  the guys i 'd be shooting at also would have families who 'd grieve for them . 
  i do n't care in the slightest about whatever silly meaningless territorial disputes the war would be being fought over . 
  i 'm not going to the slaughterhouse to fight for the interests of those who will otherwise in peaceful times spend their days exploiting me . 
  i 'd rather die right here in my homeland fighting alongside my fellow working class men and women for freedom from exploitation , if i had to die for something . 
  i feel more kinship to every member of my class wherever they may live than for the abstract concept of a nation , particularly while that would force me to call the upper class vulture who inhabits it my country man and have that mean that i somehow hold him in better notion than a one of his fellow vultures from enemy nations . 
  well technically without the tradition no war would be fought as everyone would lack manpower . 
  yet i 'd rather live in occupied portugal than for and never get to care about whether we lost or won . 
  i ca n't see the kind of parliamentarians he put together standing behind much of his immoral neoliberal agenda when he starts coming for worker rights , entitlements and for cutting health budgets and all such `` modernization '' . 
  just the pressure from the streets will be huge . 
  he will have to use the mechanism to force laws through without a vote a lot , and that risks the fall of his entire government ( deputies can still vote against the law but if they vote it down it is considered as the parliament holding no confidence in the government leading to mandatory resignation ) .
