   afterwards you probably do n't feel anything about it , that 's exactly why i 'd rather be alive in prison :\\  if your freedom is taken away however , there 's something to clearly miss . 
  well , there will always be things to clearly miss ( i miss being able to hear well from my left hear and not have this awful ringing ) but still , it 's life . 
  it 's all we have . 
  i do n't find the concept of not feeling anything something that i will ever be able to make peace with , there 's nothing meaningful for a human being other than feeling stuff . 
  i do n't agree with life in prison and we do n't have it here in portugal ( max 25 years with mandatory review at 18 ) but still , death is very final . 
  you never know the little joys you can find in life . 
  they know that their honest platform is unelectable so they lie through their teeth . 
  they do this not out of evilness or hunger for power but because they truly believe in their dogma that there is no alternative to their policies and so they will do anything to enact them , no matter if they have to lie through their teeth while calling their opponents dreamers and irresponsible and accusing them of bribing the electorate . 
  economic liberalism is a religion . 
  i 'd prefer the life in prison to being murdered by the state anyway . 
  being alive has the big advantage of not being dead . 
  what would you have done after that war , have france annex germany ? 
  denazification would not have been a viable process at the time and france with germany would upset the balance of power . 
  and people wonder why i 'd refuse to be drafted . 
  i 'd be going to the slaughter house fighting for a cause that only tangentially related to any thing i care about . 
  arbitrarily drawn borders by use of military force are being taken too far . 
  as an extreme leftist the very concept of attacking someone without provocation is alien to me, 
  as a leftist i refuse to see any particular value to the notion of borders or nation states except as a mechanism to arbitrarily limit the standard of living you can aspire too based on the place where you were born . 
  then let 's make it legal to sell clothing and other non-killing materials to terrorists !, 
  which france would veto . 
  britain as a vetoer of so many things that otherwise have a good amount of support would not have the political capital to force such a vote through . 
  there was such a majority and spain refused it . 
  now there is a overwhelming majority to have a referendum , a binding one , and it 's going to go ahead . 
  after the result there either will be a republic of catalonia which will not recognise any law made by spain regarding its governance or there 's going to be a autonomous community with a management government and new elections , with the possible arrest of the main office holders . 
  the constitution does n't really matter because catalonia would form herself as a republic with a new legal framework and presumably elect a constitutional assembly . 
  usually how these things are done , many countries become independent illegaly , the entire point is that you establish a new legal framework . 
  it makes you complicit with the regime . 
  you are not selling food or other essentials , you are selling material the regime uses to prop itself up . 
  yes , military uniforms count . 
  right now all the polls put the yes-no in a very tiny margin , the question is not going to be settle in either way . 
  well , the question is settled in that there will be no independence . 
  see scotland for example of close votes where voters reject independence after losing . 
   also referendums are dumb , i do n't want all the populist stupid ideas from the far right or far left being discussed as yes/no questions and i do n't want all the populist or corporatist decisions of the mainstream left-right capitalist parties being imposed without going directly to the vote by the people to know if they approve or not , but hey , here we are . 
  you call yourself democrats but think great britain should have stayed in the eu against the wishes of its people ( by not calling the referendum ) . 
   nationalists have a legal path for independence , getting the 2/3 votes in catalan parliament to reform the autonomous statute is the first step , this referendum is populist way to skip the legal way . 
  the path you call non-populist involves catalonia having to ask all spanish electors to vote for parties who will revise the constitution to make a legal referendum possible . 
  since the notion that a independentist nation needs permission from the nation it wants to break away from is ridiculous there is very little merit to your statement . 
  which is why we do things by referendum , rather than by waging war . 
  but if nations who waged war for independence enjoy full international recognition , why should n't nations who organize a referendum with international observers , even if breaking the law of their country ? 
  that said the newly formed republic of catalonia would be perfectly in her rights to defend her independence , militarily if needs be , against the threat of spain annexing it if independence wins . 
  the problem is that they ca n't have a referendum so their path to self-determination is narrowed to constitutional desobedience from the state they wish to seperate for : a way of doing things that is behind the independence of many of today 's perfectly recognized nations , including portugal for example ( where there was n't even a referendum , just a victorious independence war which is even less democratic ) . 
  when 65 % of the people show up and the result is a yes or a no victory the other side ca n't really claim `` oh , our guys just stayed home '' . 
  if some people choose not to vote in a referendum which appears to be considered valid and important by so many people that 65 % ( better than some turnouts we have in portugal ) show up to vote , then you just gave up your right to be heard and accept the decision of those who voted . 
  the generalitat warned that they would act on the result . 
  most elections do n't have minimum turnouts and the results are perfectly valid . 
  you are conflating hiding the urns ( voter suppression ) with minimum turnouts which is quite ridiculous because everyone who wants to vote will have full information on where he or she can do so . 
  there 's just no minimum turnout , most elections do n't have it , some referendums have it and others do n't . 
  is it wiser to leave a people with no route to independence other than ilegality and constitutional disobedience ? 
  there is nothing to lose by a legal referendum : if approved each part goes their merry way with the right to self-determination being fulfilled , if independence loses the question is settled and as scotland shows even independentists will have little will for a second referndum any time soon . 
  this situation leaves catalan independentists with no legal path to independence which means that it is hard to confirm popular support and even harder to act on it . 
  this is an editorial opinion , not a news article , and should thusly be tagged . 
  that 's your anedoctal experience in your social circle . 
  as a whole data shows that here in portugal we have been earning consistently less at least since 1974 when compared to inflation and ourn minimum wage in effective power of purchase is something like 30 % lower . 
  dude he recently announced his labour reform plans . 
  the charade is up , you ca n't just say `` look at his vacuous program it does n't contain any of that , you are just making it up , the man does n't stand for anything '' ( yes , literally anything you disagreed on macron about someone would come say it was n't on his program which is actually true because the program was full of platitudes and had no content ) . 
  why the fuck would britain alone have any say in this ? 
  you always seemed to think you deserve this special status and we kept confirming it by making deals other countries could n't get , but rest assured you 'd be laughed out of the negotiation room if you demanded to decide where the ep shall seat . 
  and also too many highly educated men whose distance from the people lead to them pursuing correct economic solutions such as austerity which are good for the economy but bad for everyone who works and they have contempt for those who work as lazy leeches . 
  which is their prerogative . 
  the seat is in strasbourg and if the treaties let france veto the change so be it . 
  just put it in strasbourg and be done with it . 
  the infrastructure is in place in both cities . 
  do as you prefer but i do t see the harm of keeping the parliament in its official strasbourg seat . 
  higher education not being a requisite to be a member of parliament the point is kind of moot . 
  they are the ones choosing to go into a job with low qualification requirements . 
  in portugal parliament can propose and pass any law it wants and revise and edit all laws proposed by government . 
  in fact government can only legislate in specific area if explicit permission is granted by parliament , and even those decrees can be reviewed and struck down by parliament . 
  if being paid the average wage of a normal citizen is poor pay then they should urgently make sure everyone is getting decent wages . 
  this only shows that normal wages are too low and exploitative . 
  we should massively increase wages in europe , the growth we achieved through the effort of our workers does n't match their pay rises . 
  then let it sit in the place which is the official seat of the european parliament , strasbourg . 
  only meps wanted to spend more time in brussels . 
  you are the one mentioning the far left literally nobody had spoken of it . 
  here 's a much more detailed answer than i can give , even more so because i doubt your level of open mindedness and willingness to listen other opinions and not revert to `` muh islam intolerance '' . 
  we can see how non-existant the macron mandate his . 
  the proportion of people voting for him make up a plurality but a very small one . 
  absolute proportional representation is the only democracy . 
  in fact i struggle to see any legitimacy in this assembly 's future decision to destroy worker rights when so few people voted for the guys in power . 
  the streets will have to speak overwhelmingly loudly and smash any attempt at the so called reforms . 
  or he 's going to need a serious group of his non-politicians that he brought into parliament as mps to decide to do the decent thing when he comes forward with this austerity labour program . 
  he might find himself short of support very quickly i hope . 
  would be a shame if we had to defeat this in the streets the old fashioned way . 
  but hey , if there 's one thing i have faith in france is in standing up against injustice , by forceful revolution if needed . 
  i figure workers and common people wo n't take many more beatings to be able to agitate and turn to ideological solutions, 
  tell that to chirac, 
  i hope his story does n't end like the story of the other citizen capet . 
  so , just like i had warned , a capitalist authoritarian we were supposed to vote for because abstaining was voting for the fascist . 
  prepare to resist this lads . 
  yes , but jews lived on and some are tolerant and some others are n't just like christians and muslims . 
  they also ignore the text and do not question it , but that is the essence of faith in that you can not really justify why you believe a particular set of things . 
  they just change the set of things they believe in . 
  so they ignore the word of god , from a book which states to be the law of god . 
  why ca n't muslims also do it , what 's the fundamental difference ? 
  none . 
   i see no reason it would change . 
  then why did it change ? 
  could the explanation be right in front of our eyes . 
  no , surely it is because they are lazy . 
  then they already failed miserably because islam has constantly changed and evolved . 
  they can eventually fall into the healthy hypocrisy christians fell into where they routinely glass over things that are literally the word of god because that would be incompatible with modern living .
