  think about it like this : if there was any fairly generalized condition that male soldiers got that made them leave active duty and take on management duty only and also made them unable to fit into their uniforms , they probably would make new uniforms for that too . 
  as it happens pregnancy is a female only condition so there 's no need to make pregnancy uniforms for men . 
  how is electing someone who instead of fixing problems is content with you just getting utterly fucked over supposed to make the world any better for us workers ? 
  our choice was between a far-right socially fascist loon and a economic far-right capitalist dogmatist . 
  he already announced that he 's planning to cut my right as a worker so that my employees can make more money . 
  we 've elected an irrational extremist , a dogmatic capitalist . 
  no , you want politicians who do n't lie about how they will defend the workers in this wage of rights and wage reductions , how they will fight for a fair economic system to prevail over capitalism and be sincere about it . 
  being sincere about being ready to fuck us over is n't going to help anything . 
  sad days when `` get fucked , wo n't do nothing about it '' is considered presidential behaviour . 
  far-right economically is what he is , for how much his propaganda claims he 's above the left-right divide . 
  i think for most people it 's a comfort thing : if they feel unconfortable in their own home they take the shoes off . 
  it is fascinating the difference between what is considered rude , it seems in some places in europe it 's rude not to take them off as you risk dirtying the floor . 
  which makes sense too . 
  i take mine off almost instantly upon entering my house but many people keep them on . 
  i mostly do it because i have a foot deformity that requires me to use unconfortable prosthetics underneath the feet for walking long distances and i do just fine without them indoors . 
  anyway i 'd raise an eyebrow at any guest who took his shoes off without explaining why he was doing it . 
  it 's just a rude thing to do . 
  in portugal taking your shoes off when entering someone else 's house would be a huge sign of disrespect unless you are close friends , ask with some justification or the host does it first and invites you to do it . 
  in general nobody takes their shoes off though . 
  which is why it was a stupid strategy for workers to vote in the second round , despite being bombarded with mindless calls that abstaining was supporting le pen . 
  abstain , vote to block in the legislative a and prepare to paralyze the country if all else fails . 
  dictatorships are bad ? 
  so people should n't have voted for him because in your opinion he 's a victim of sexual assaults ? 
  because if you tell a old person that she wo n't be able to live with dignity because it 's unsustainable should she just do the decent thing and keel over and die ? 
  it also created record levels of inequality , which is quite a feat since it 's closer competitors are the likes of slavery and feudalism . 
  but yeah , workers are generating wealth at record speeds , and receiving continually less and less of the wealth they alone generate . 
  who is supposed to be leading a party of and for the workers ? 
  capitalists ? 
  he is a capitalist extremist . 
  this reform can both increase employment and poverty - employed poverty is already a reality in portugal , spain , greece and many other countries where worker rights were vilified . 
  everyone bitched at me because i refused to vote macron on the basis that he 'd claim everyone who voted for him , even on the fear of let pen only would be counted as a supporter of his abolishing of important worker rights . 
  as i predicted the narrative held only until he got elected . 
  what a sham . 
  you keep providing excellent arguments for why not to go to war and concluding that we should go to war . 
   how can a state of war not exist when you sent your troops there ? 
  pretty easily . 
  there was no war between portugal and afghanistan . 
  portugal has n't been involved in any war since ww1 . 
  the ramifications of there not being a formal state of war between two countries are huge . 
  and when the war gets bigger and there are n't enough soldiers ? 
  a state of war never existed between portugal and afghanistan . 
  portugal should not ever under any circumstances but direct aggression against the country declare war on russia . 
  i think officials from countries can say what they will . 
  when confronted with fighting they absolutely can not count on me , unless they threaten me with death in which case between risking my life fighting a unconstitutional government or fighting for a unconstitutional government half way accross the world the choice becomes obvious . 
   just maybe smaller wars for small parts of countries . 
  check georgia , check ukraine , check moldova . 
  fine by me as long as they do n't dream of putting a rifle on my hands or anywhere near a frontline . 
  send all the 50000 professional soldiers we have , they signed up for it . 
  not me though , i did n't even ask to be born here . 
  yeah , but for some reason everyone is shitting on me for explaining why nobody wants it, 
  none of that remotely matters . 
  you still do not understand that when you die the world might as well have ended . 
  portugal has a tiny army but even bigger nations will be conscripting for a war with russia . 
  democracy is representatives of a country 7 times or so bigger than a region of that country deciding wether or not the people of that region have the right to proclaim their independence ? 
  if this was 1640 you 'd be railing about how portugal broke the law by proclaiming a new king when the spanish king was the legitimate ruler of portugal . 
  because to be honest catalonia 's declaration of independence would be far more democratic if done the way they want than portugal 's was , and nobody contests portugal 's right to sovereignty even if conquered by waging war against the legitimate king . 
  i 'm not a soldier but i am of conscriptable age and male and am registered ( mandatorily ) as such . 
  so yeah , if a war broke out with russia they 'd probably be coming for me at some point seeing portugal 's standing army is positively tiny . 
  also even if they did n't come for me there 's the business with shellings and the like . 
  also i would n't die for anyone . 
  not a westerner , not a easterner , not a chinese person , not an american person . 
  it 's not about not firing without x weeks of delay , its about the absolutely insane thing some people want to implement where employers do not need to provide a valid reason to fire someone . 
  macron has n't gone that radical yet but many liberal parties actively defend this which is insane radicalism . 
  also nice joke about saving x weeks , like most jobs do n't barely pay enough to make rent and basic expenses and then only because there is a minimum wage , which guess what , radical capitalists also want to get rid of . 
  it also stops companies from bringing about the dystopia of treating employees as if they were goods to stockpile when needed and dismiss when not needed . 
  eh , same old same old as in iberia then . 
  it is well known that what defines the dominant gender in a society is not what the majority of its leaders are but rather what gender the majority of its plumbers are n't . 
  well to be honest there 's places in spain where working at 3pm is pretty much not compatible with life . 
  much less of a problem for office jobs unless they do n't have air conditioning . 
  it does not have much to do with efficiency and more to do with productivity : ie a german building eg a car for a living will earn much more than a portuguese manufacturing corks , even if the portuguese person is cranking out corks at top speed and the german worker could confortably double his production speed . 
  i think by the `` nordic model '' he will only mean reducing worker rights , imposing 5 weekly slave labour hours and allowing for anyone to be fired at any moment for any reason . 
  you need only see his right-wing labour reform as economy minister to know that he is right-wing . 
  it 's not like his some political outsider wildcard . 
  he 's been in politics and his policies are known , despite what his propaganda claims that he is a fresh face and all that . 
  it is . 
  macron ate all the votes of the center-left for his center-right movement . 
  it really depends on what means would be mobilized for the war . 
  if the professional army was mobilized and there was no conscriptions happening then probably public opinion could be not very relevant until the next election or even more if anti-democratic measures were taken to postpone an election during the war . 
  if conscription was involved and there was no public support it gets very complicated nowadays . 
  it 's very hard to just force people into giving up their lives and go fight halfway across the continent . 
  there is no obligation to provide assistance in wars which are initiated by members of nato against non-members of nato . 
   so when your country can lend a helping hand in preventing genocide this is not about an abstract concept of a country helping other to prevent the real concept of people dying in massacres . 
  it 's about you and me being massacred to try and prevent more people from being massacred . 
  many including myself are not up for it . 
   honestly do n't go around spouting that kind of opinion , it wo n't win you many friends and it only makes you sound like a coward . 
  a coward who is alive . 
  infinitely better than being dead . 
  plenty of friends we 've discussed this with see merit in this point of view or partially agree . 
  i do respect people who would sacrifice their lives for others a lot , even if i thjink they probably have n't thought on the finality of death . 
  nothing you made or did matters once you die . 
  the world ceases to exist . 
  why should i die because of a treaty or a obligation ? 
  it doesnt bindme . 
  even if it did , it would be objectively better to dishonor it thant to die . 
  how many extra years of life has that bought me ? 
  which is why i said it was banned . 
  in portugal it 's a max of 25 years no matter what , with a mandatory request for parole at 18 . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't think there is a single eu country who would execute someone for desertion , even if the military death penalty has n't been repealed yet for some reason . 
  i know the portuguese and french constitutions contain clauses banning the use of death sentences under any circumstances .
