  just the lives lost would completely justify the ban , even if it hurt the paper industry . 
  if your business is causing this kind of problems society is well entitled to regulate it . 
  some person was talking on tv about how he went back to his house after leaving to open the stables for his stock to be able to run . 
  which nobody should be encouraged to do because risking your life like that is silly and could have placed firefighters at danger too if he got in trouble and somebody had to go in to try and rescue him . 
   there is . 
  just search `` fogos ativos '' on google . 
  many people do n't know how to use the internet or do n't actively use it as part of their daily lives , especially in small isolated villages . 
  also communications were down following the incident . 
  people could n't even phone their loved ones , the network operator would just say the cell phone you are trying to contact is turned off . 
  what alternative view and policies should the left propose in your opinon ? 
  what alternative to the leftist policy of `` let 's not act on religion but on what each individual does or does n't do '' do you propose . 
  do you think there someone who happens to be a muslim should in any way shape or form be even slightly treated by the authorities differently from any other religion ? 
  and if so , why do you hate most european constitutions ? 
  this is such a strange and tribal way to measure success from your part . 
  you know what they say about roofs of glass . 
  wait , not showing up for a demostration means jack shit . 
  i do n't show up for most demostrations about things i agree with . 
   now right wing economic bills and otherwise the same policies than before . 
  : / so just the same policies as before . 
  he was economy minister . 
  macron is populism , completely and utterly . 
  why does this myth keep coming up , is he actively using this in his propaganda or something ? 
  his program is for unions to be replaced by workplace referendums to be organized by the employers on collective bargaining , with the employers in complete and full control of overseeing who voted for or against every single measure . 
  he talks the talk and he does n't really walk anywhere because he 's a gradualist and a negotiator at heart . 
  i do n't doubt his social democratic ideals , i just think he values consensus , gradualism and conflict avoidance as a tool to prevent having to take positions that would hurt his electoral chances . 
  we will see more of him after the next legislative election where his party his poised for an absolute majority if he gets it . 
  i would say this , tsipras walks the opposite of what he talks while costa mostly is n't walking , rather managing current affairs without any significant austerity or anti austerity measures . 
  in a country full of inequality and poverty i find that insufficient and qualify his rule as centrist slightly tending to the left to keep the communists and the left bloc who guarantee his government in parliament content . 
  it does n't take much because both parties now that the current government is popular even within their electoral base and they would be penalised if they broke away from their agreement . 
  there is no formal coalition . 
  there is a set of policies the socialists agreed to implement in exchange for the communists and the left bloc voting down the government programme of the right wing government . 
  the communists and the left bloc are not bound by any other compromise other than rejecting any right wing motions to dismiss the socialist government and to make a good faith attempt at negotiating before bringing their own motions to dismiss to parliament . 
  none of the policies are really left wing . 
  they mostly have to do with reversing right wing policies back to the old status quo and not privatising some utilities further which is also centrist by definition . 
  in portugal they have n't shown many signs of trying to move to the left so far . 
  if it is of any consolation i never really down vote or up vote anyone , certainly did n't down vote you . 
  world worder can not be established by bringing disorder through military action . 
  it does seem really despicable to imply that people live in ghettos because they are n't hard workers . 
  this is compltely false , they are exploited . 
  the people who work hardest in our society do not get rewarded for it , itsll myth to keep you in the hamster wheel . 
  they already exist , so unless you are going to ban them and impose more strict labour laws it indeed does mean that they stay in place . 
  anyway the policies you propose now have full and complete control over the destinies of france , so it will now be fully judged on the results it brings . 
  if it indeed brings more social injustice and inequality it will not be able to hide under anything - it will be responsible . 
  that may be true but it has the effect that employees really ca n't build their lives and settle down and such : an effect we are experiencing brutally for example in portugal where even though they ca n't fire you at any time yet it is legal to have you on renewable 6 month contracts . 
  since you do n't know if you will keep your job for more than 6 months young people do n't settle down and build families ( nobody would give them credit to buy an house either ) . 
  we need to ensure that people can get permanent contracts , it 's no way to live being constantly forced to be searching for jobs with no hope of stability . 
  if that means restructuring the way we are allocating the wealth generated by our workers to favour rich people a little bit less so be it . 
  i did n't consider labour as it 's not really centrism masquerading as center-left under corbyn in my opinion . 
  i would n't place the current british labour as a centrist party masquerading as center-left . 
  what , portuguese people ? 
  absolutely . 
  we have one of the largest communities abroad in france , and plenty of other communities abroad in many countries . 
  in montreal theres even a neighbourhood called little portugal , all shops are portuguese and most people you see are portuguese . 
  funny how that is so well tolerated over there but if they were from a muslim country they would be called out on refusing to integrate . 
  you can hire experts as public servants , you do n't need to take so called advice from people with ulterior motives . 
  no , portugal is really really fucking poor . 
  there are people here earning 550 $ for a living , more often than not working much mre than the legal 40 hours per week without overtime pay , many without the luxury of a working agreement which allows them at least a modicum of security on their futures . 
  hospitals are things for big cities only , education is completely underfunded if you are not rich . 
  yes , but the minimum wage in france is already intolerably low . 
  imagine what a spit to the face it is to tell a worker earning the fortune of his company that he is paid too much . 
  a economy who ca n't work if employees are allowed to bargain collectively is a shit economy : economies should work for their workers . 
  if such an economy ca n't sustain having rich people so be it i 'm alright with that , we should consider getting the poorest of our workers up to a decent living standard before considering making more ways for rich people to get richer off the back of wealth generated by workers . 
  also with stuff like the piles of money sitting uselessly on offshores it is blatantly false and almost laughable to claim that company profits get back out into the economy . 
  money in the pocket of workers gets back into the economy much more easier : raise wages and promote better living conditions so that people can spend their times doing more things other than working and commuting to and from work and you will see all the money they earn flow back into the economy as well . 
  this way of doing things is making workers just survive rather than live : huge hours , living far away from the place where they generate wealth for their betters , and whose houses are reserved for those who profit off them rather than for workers . 
  of the mainstream centrists-calling-themselves-center-left only really the socialist party in portugal seems to have a positive outlook in western europe at least . 
  so you think that the worst exploited french workers can afford to have their protections lowered , meaning that they have it too good right now ? 
  why not try to get economic development working for the workers , not for their employers ? 
  why should i care if the economy is developing if as a result i 'm being paid less , working more hours and enjoying less protections ? 
  macron even proposed that employers be allowed to fire even workers who did nothing wrong , to be able to fire anyone at any time for no reason whatsoever !, 
  this is the kind of extremism we are dealing with in france . 
  and yet still vastly insufficient in preventing exploitation . 
  is it sadism against workers you have ? 
  it 's really hard to deploy aerial means and there 's a limit to the amount you can deploy , considering we are already using our own planes 2 was probably the number our civil protection felt we could use productively . 
  news coverage you can tune out of , it 's not like it 's less exhausting watching the news when a campaign is not going on . 
  and the polarised populace pretty much means people are n't tired of elections after all . 
  it 's a working day so most people will commute but those who can will stay inside as long as possible . 
  those who work outside for example in construction are living through their own personal hell i 'd imagine . 
  nor is it somethign we should ever try to emulate again . 
  it was conquest , exploitation and slavery . 
   if it is to live with identity politics and post-colonial bullshit what do you mean by this ? 
  that we should n't teach history because if we do our kids will want to leave for some reason ? 
  what the hell is identity politics and what has it got to do with proper historic facts instead of the tripe we learn in school ? 
  who the fuck is going to leave the country because he learned about the bad things some people who happened to rule this country in the past did and which he is powerless to change and bears no responsibility ? 
  i did n't know germany liked to shoot herself in the foot , but by all means be our guests . 
  there 's a move greece and cyprus are both certain to veto . 
  what does that have to do with c 's hard-right economical position , and why podemos could never ally with them ? 
   first , i did n't commit any crime . 
  sure , nobody said that , it 's just part of the victimization tactics . 
  portugal commited crimes against humanity and now disguises them as a precious gift to humanity . 
  it 's kind of repulsive . 
   any intelligent and capable human wo n't want to be attached to a `` bad history '' and will just leave the country do you honestly think that anyone with two brain cells to rub together decides to leave the country due to its history ? 
  what the country did in the past does not reflect on what the country does today and can not be changed one way or the other . 
  which is why there is no point in disguising what was done , understanding the ramifications of our actions today and moving the fuck on . 
   the problem is that portugal is so small and so poor , that without that narrative it will become like haiti . 
  how does painting our past crimes in a positive light or negative light in any way shape of form influence population growth ? 
  your statement is utterly bizarre . 
  here in portugal colonialization is 100 % portrayed as a great gift we gave the world and civilization at large . 
  of course we prefer to call it `` the discoveries '' . 
  economically they are full hardcore capitalists .
