  to be honest , ns is still pretty much controlled by the government in a couple of ways . 
  yeah , i know . 
  we have to stop cheating already . 
  brexit sure is complicated . 
  trams are n't that common here though, 
  belgium does a really bad job on maintaining their roads with their extremely low taxe rate and stuff so whenever i go there i wo n't be surprised . 
  out of all the countries i 've been to ( only 8 when including my own country ) , the uk surprised me the most . 
  i went to the hastings-brighton area and there were so many holes and so many different types of asphalt in a couple of hundred meters of roads . 
  might be a local thing though . 
  the best roads out of those 7 countries ( not including dutch roads ) are in austria . 
  very smooth highways despite the amount of tunnels and mountains i encountered . 
  shhh ... 
  it 's our highest mountain !, 
  we should get fertility rates and stuff back on track . . 
  i really love the ns . 
  because of them i can travel for free from monday till friday next year and with a discount in the weekends . 
  stuff like that really compensates delays for me . 
  the reason why it 's peanut cheese and not butter is because , apparantly , butter products may only contain actual butter . 
  and , a lot of people eat it over here . 
  when you 're a native it does n't sound disgusting at all . 
  someone dancing, 
  is n't it hard to follow the lessons with that many people ? 
  i was being sarcastic :d, 
  what is a ` pounds ' ? 
  yes, 
  wish our fertility rates were better . . 
  i know , i know . 
  i think that 's kinda cheating though . . , 
  i 'm always smiling when i hear about animals doing great . 
  in renswoude , in the province of utrecht , so it 's kinda in the middle of the country . 
  austrians that would drive there would n't even notice that it 's a hill ... x ), 
  woops , i forgot to add some things to my comment . 
  i meant that i was surprised by the fact that that 's the highest point in belarus because i normally do n't think of it as a ` flat ' nation . . , 
  it 's going to be red , white and blue . 
  that 's all we know . 
  viva hollandia !, 
  wait , what ? 
  i mean , the netherlands is practically known for being flat , but our highest point is 322 meters which is n't that low compared to that belarussian hill . 
  that looks quite high to me haha, 
  not at all . 
  i 'm a rather quiet person to be honest , would n't even have the balls to do that . 
  i do n't know why my schools never experienced bully related stuff , might have something to do with the fact that they are light christian schools where 99 % of the students are of european descent ? 
  not many cultures , believes , et cetera colliding , if you know what i mean . 
  everyone has the same opinions on most matters . 
  not very sure if that could be the reason though . 
  next year i 'm going to a small and diverse school in a larger city for the first time , let 's see if i can spot any differences towards stuff like that . 
  ( not trying to say that being a diverse school is bad or that other cultures are bad or anything , it 's just that most students are the same . 
  you could say it 's boring almost haha . ), 
  that 's not boring at all , my house is next to it so i 'm always interested in learning new stuff . 
  thanks . 
  mhmm . . 
  i wonder who does that the most . 
  could be another finland-netherlands competition . 
  the emminkhuizerberg ( emminkhuizer mountain ) is a hill in the municipality of renswoude , the netherlands . 
  it 's official name says it 's a mountain , while the hill is only 21,8 meters high . 
  as a dutchie , i think it 's extremely cool that we even call the lowest hills mountains , just so we can say '' hey alps , look at this !, 
  hahah , true , but at least the eu has a good flag . . ;-), 
  shit !, 
  americans probably wo n't care , they think their beer is the best, 
  i know what you did , too . 
  you were ( probably ) redditing in your room with a cold drink because it was burning hot outside . 
  that probably suits all of us haha . 
  do n't have acces to the sea ? 
  boskalis is the place to be !, 
  we drain a piece of land in the mediterranean sea for a small fee . 
  we like austria , so you get a discount on the amount . 
  3 special municipalities that are part of the country ( bonaire , saba and sint eustatius ) and 3 constituent countries that are part of the kingdom ( aruba , cura\u00e7ao and sint maarten ) . 
  bullying has never been a real thing on the schools i went to for some weird reason , so i do n't know too much about it , but i think you 're right . 
  are n't most people bullied for their behaviour , hobby 's , et cetera rather than their clothes anyway ? 
  they 're not allowed to , that 's the whole point, 
  i do n't see that happening with the current amount of erdogan supporters . . 
  glad germany does n't have something like the the hague invasion act, 
  true . 
  sometimes they do n't even share any real history or local culture with them , they just happen to be close to each other . 
  plus , as a vexillology fan , i 'm getting pissed over the fact that new municipalities often get really ugly flags while having good looking coat of arms . 
  wow . 
  that 's so strange and fascinating , you wo n't see that here . 
  thanks for sharing man !, 
  wow . 
  in the netherlands we greatly reduced the amount of municipalities to about 400 . 
  jesus , most of them must be empty haha, 
  at least we still have farms and stuff haha, 
  that 's ... unfortunate . 
  my country , the netherlands , has about 6500-7000 towns , villages and cities ( if my sources are correct ) . 
  which means you get between 6.4 and 5.9 . 
  talking about densely populated , lol . . 
  i ca n't really believe that number is true though ? 
  i really like dunes . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think you have no right to do that when you voted to leave . 
  very selfish . 
  neither does luxembourg . 
  the way they calculate this is by checking how many branches they have in total with maltas 450.000 citizens and then make that number into a million . 
  so maltas real amount of branches would be about 50 % of what is shown here . 
  that 's quite a lot actually, 
  i support a second referendum . 
  i personally feel the brits were n't that informed back then . 
  and how there 's this huge lake named switzerlake . 
  of course !, 
  willy would be the best ruler . 
  good point .
