  :-) ah , yeah , heard about those reenactments . 
  never seen it but it 's something i 'd really like . 
  unfortunately i live in the province of utrecht so i ca n't just visit bourtange any day but i 'm planning to see it once . 
  ah , of course it is . 
  was n't bourtange more or less renovated/reconstructed though ? 
  i thought it was kind off an old shithole untill people renovated it ? 
  oehj . 
  our weather is quite weird . 
  one week you 're in a heat wave and the next week it 's raining every day . 
  hehe ^ / s, 
  why is it not on the mainland ? 
  i hope your shit does n't fall directly into the river this way ? 
  depends what you think is affordable . 
  they are n't the cheapest , no . 
  if i remember correctly , i bought a return ticket ( so 2 rides ) online to utrecht a couple of times for like 13 euros . 
  that ride is like 25-30 min . 
  students have it easier . 
  in august my ` studentenreisproduct ' starts , which means i can travel for free from monday till friday and with a huge discount in the weekends . 
  but we have the western scheldt . 
  netflix and chill on the toilet ? 
  that sure is a large gift . 
  hahaha , now i wonder where you live ? 
  i 'm guessing the randstad or something because that 's a rare sight in the place i grew up ( rural areas of east utrecht and west gelderland ) . 
  unfortunately ; pretty long , i guess . 
  despite the hatred towards him by most countries and a lot of turks , it 's still hard to just wipe him away . 
  i think it did . 
  back in the days we probably liked germany better than the uk ( before the nazi things ) because of our long and dark history with the uk . 
  if we would 've voluntarely joined the first world war we might have even joined germany 's side . 
  it 's easier to cooperate when you have the same enemy so confronting a population that still had some sort of hatred towards the uk with something like this does give some people some sort of patriotic feeling to fight them . 
  note that i 'm not an expert ; this is just how i think stuff like this works . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  no , no . 
  we want the emptied lakes as dutch exclaves so we have more farmland and another almere . 
  i 'm afraid the swedes do have enough land so they do n't need to take such actions , unlike us . 
  but , they could of course empty those lakes and give that land go us . 
  or even better : we 'll empty the lakes for them . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's not my intention . 
  ` schiereiland ' , which , indeed , means what samitte said . 
  it 's quite an old term though so people do n't think about the definition when using it - it 's just a way to describe a specific piece of land . 
  like ` nijlpaard ' and ` handschoen ' , it 's printed in our brains so we normally do n't think about what it literally means when we use the word . 
  might just be us , 'cause apparantly the people here think so otherwise haha . 
  might just be the dutch , then . 
  we know what ` schiereiland ' means but no one really thinks about the definition . 
  people just use it as a term to describe a piece of land sticking out of the mainland , lol . 
  do n't get why i get downvoted that much for asking a question though . 
  thanks for the info . 
  quite interesting . 
  true true , but do you think of the arabian peninsula and florida as half islands ? 
  haha, 
  hahah , yes , the definition suggests that but in reality ; does anyone think of jutland , the arabian peninsula or florida as half islands ? 
  i never had epic toys like that . 
  wish i had one . 
  imagine going down the street with a car like that when you 're an adult . 
  do n't know why but it kinda reminds me of king 's landing . 
  also , were those grasslands within the wall supposed to become city as well or are those just farms for , you know . . a siege or something ? 
  holy mother . 
  i tried to read that page without a translation and i managed to understand quite a bit . 
  norwegian is cool . 
  that 's what shannon said, 
  where do people who get 1 year go ? 
  organisations and stuff , yeah . 
  i do n't think the actual country is even close to the european countries when it comes to identity , culture , et cetera tho . 
  when i do push ups it goes like this : 0 0 0 0 0 0, 
  do the danes really think peninsulas are half islands ? 
  i 've seen that before and i think it 's hilarious . 
  they are n't that bad looking either haha, 
  true , but i do n't want those countries to fuck themselves up . 
  germany is quite important for the eu economy for example . 
  but yeah , if they want to continue that path then sure , do n't drag others with you . 
  ca n't really say my country has handled this stuff the right way though , quite a few pro-refugees parties . . 
  what 's your opinion about this matter , then ? 
  because most people here want to keep our culture alive and the country save , does that make you a retard or a donald ? 
  disagree . 
  those countries should remain european as well . 
  trying to be innovative , eh ? 
  we 'll steal that idea and make it into something better before the winter has come . 
  lovely names you have over there . 
  that 's not the way to fix this issue though . 
  stop accepting them for fucks sake . 
  i really like the eu but they ca n't handle stuff like refugees , at all . 
  this sub is for everything that has something to do with europe ? 
  would be bloody awful and boring if this sub was only related to politics . 
  really ? 
  how common are they in france ? 
  i 've seen them in a lot of european countries . 
  scumbags of europe ? 
  got ta be those celebraties that are full of themselves . 
  we 're doing fine . 
  weird organisations and countries far away from europe have no right to say anything . 
  they do n't know how shitty it is to have that many refugees . 
  the eu ca n't be blamed for any of that . 
  those refugees decided to take the risk of crossing the sea and it 's not necessarily our job to take care of them . 
  you should blame the shitty countries the refugees are escaping from . 
  i do blame the eu for accepting that amount of people , but that 's a different topic . 
  i kinda get why cheap workforce from the other side of the world could be a problem , but that 's nothing compared to the migrant crisis we experience right now . 
  i sometimes wish we kept some of the old spelling . 
  i kinda like the y. ysselmeer looks cooler than ijsselmeer , for example . 
  the netherlands :  that one part of the country where all the weird shit happens ? 
  most ` wow ' things that are on the news happen in north and south holland , because a large amount of us live there and our major cities are located there .
