it looks like that table is about to fall into the water, 
  that number seems extremely low but when you think about it ; it 's a fucking large amount of money . 
  how are you ever gon na know if you never even try ? 
  do it for your country , do it for your name , 'cause there 's gon na be a day ... 
  when turkey 's standing in our halls someday , yea-eah , and the world 's gon na know their name , yea-eah . 
  or ` mobile ', 
  these !, 
  because the uk is n't china . 
  that 's not gon na work . 
  it 's not an official office unless you have a coffee machine and one of those driving tvs , if that 's the correct way to the describe it . 
  better luck next time !, 
  yup . 
  most of us want that , i 'm sure of that . 
  our governments ? 
  they do n't give a flying fuck . 
  really depends . 
  some small areas can be quite diverse in europe . 
  beautiful cities and the ardennes are a great place to empty your head . 
  this is so beautiful !, 
  thanks for the effort , makes me feel a proud european . 
  agreed . 
  and very diverse as well . 
  warm , enjoyable countries in the south , one of the most beautiful mountains kinda centrally located , a lot of land suited for agriculture above that and the epic north . 
  you do n't have hundreds of kilometers of the same stuff , like the sahara desert . 
  everything is so beautiful and unique and the climates are very diverse as well . 
  not to mention we literally have the most beautiful cities in the whole world , great food ( france , italy et cetera ) and a very long and interesting history together . 
  we have all right to be proud . 
  the rhine is fine to swim in . 
  just do n't go too far or your head wo n't see another day with the amounts of boats . 
  stay near the shore , where you see those cows , and you 'll be fine . 
  :') i do n't even think it 's that nasty . 
  dark , brownish looking water does n't immidiately mean it 's dirty . 
  i 've heard the north sea is actually quite clean and full of fish while compared to the clear blue water in southern europe you 'd think it 's rather dirty . 
  italians are good at organizing ? 
  syrup , perhaps ? 
  of course it influences tourism . 
  that 's always the case . 
  i wonder how many of those tourists actually stayed there for a couple of days though . 
  is n't it like really overcrowded already ? 
  i 'd prefer to stay in a small town near the sea with a cozy shopping area with not too many tourists and then take a daytrip to the city . 
  we must n't admit that !, 
  like those awful , awful houses they built a couple of decades ago . 
  it 's only since a couple of years that new houses here look really great again . 
  adressing it would be a start . 
  no matter the reactions . 
  never heard anything about birthrates while it is extremely important . 
  beautiful . 
  suck it finland , were higher !, 
  iceland seems like the easier option . 
  sad . 
  it 's not like they are anti-climate so if pvdd , groenlinks et cetera keep pushing we might increase our renewable energy a little bit . 
  rutte said that he wants to reach the paris agreement but i doubt it because well , it 's rutte . 
  maybe the people will have to fix this themselves , which is possible because it has become a lot cheaper in the last couple of years . 
  it sucks seeing us that low on a list . 
  hope our new government will at least try to fix this mess . 
  i just ca n't get over the fact that my country is always together on those lists with the nordics . 
  can we into it ? 
  the efteling has such a unique atmosphere i 've never encountered elsewhere . 
  almost every attraction has a long story behind it . 
  couple of years ago they added a pretty cool rollercoaster with a cool story about witte wieven ( local thing , i guess ) and before the ride actually starts , you get a whole bunch of information about it . 
  you enter a mineshaft , you see the uniforms hanging and you see the witte wieven moving around the wall . 
  then there 's the flying dutchman where you enter a 16th century house with a working room , some underground thing where beer is stored and when you 're about to enter the ride you are in a whole indoor city . 
  search it on youtube , it 's my favorite ride . 
  then there are more children-like stories like george and the dragon , a darkride about a wonderland full of elves ( definitely recommend , you 'll feel like you 're in a dream ) , there 's a indoor boat thing where you discover arab culture and stuff like jungles and pirates and of course the fairytale forest where every child is living their dream with stuff like rapunzel and hansel and gretel . 
  there are several shows one of which is raveleijn which has an amazing theme song ( look it up ) . 
  there was the first moving house in the world and it 's still there with a great story about bokkenrijders . 
  they finished another darkride which costs more than 35 million or something and that 's quite unique as well . 
  you see a different part of a mega palace each time you enter and it 's pretty cool . 
  i guess i 'm too much of a fan 'cause i want to adress all those amazing things ; but i got ta stop spoiling . 
   when the day is done though ; you finish with the largest watershow in europe with great lighting , decoration and the music you heard all day . 
  ( music is very important , everything has it 's own song to get you in the mood ) . 
  never been there but disneyland sounds fun , but to be honest , from seeing all the videos and photos i think the efteling has the best vibe . 
  mysterieus and fun it is . 
  for the whole family . 
  and , with almost every ride , there are translations of the story on the screens or sometimes they even say it in english . 
  because of the countries . 
  if it happened in liechtenstein or something it would be more of a thing i guess . 
  while they are dangerous as fuck , this one looks quite beautiful with that lighting and everything . 
  probably not so beautiful when up close . 
  sure, 
  we 're at 17,13 million now . 
  watch out !, 
   this while his party is a right-wing , anti-weed , pro-privatisation and anti-climate ... 
  i agree - you should n't vote on personalities . 
  but , it 's like you 're saying his party is bad because it does n't match your political agenda . 
  sure , i think being an anti-climate party sucks as well , but being right-wing is n't necessarily a bad thing . 
  you should respect all parties , now matter how different they are from the party you voted for . 
  thanks in advantage . 
  will send you a stroopwafel right away . 
  little bit off topic but i really like that bus, 
  is it a dutch or a german farm ? 
  always those leftwing people from the hague that are controlled by the elite in brussels ... those selfish bastards !, 
  no love for the people , all they do is secure their jobs so they can pay for their overpriced bmws and audis . . we want our freedom back , la r\u00e9volution !, 
   a heat wave is measured relative to the usual weather in the area and relative to normal temperatures for the season . 
  temperatures that people from a hotter climate consider normal can be termed a heat wave in a cooler area if they are outside the normal climate pattern for that area . 
  just a heat wave . 
  no no , i meant like way in the past haha . 
  sometime after the second world war . 
  i read the word ` recreation ' wrong , i thought you meant bourtange as something new built of off real examples of a 17th century fort while i thought it was a real and original fort that is hundreds of years old ; i did my research and that 's indeed the case . 
  read your comment wrong .
