  i 'm talking about continents . 
  turkey is no continent . 
  which continent would you rather be associated with ? 
  my first house was probably a hole in a mountain i dug with my bare hands . 
  ah , now i want to join the fight !, 
  well , it 's easier to explain climate change than weather . 
  some people still do n't get it and deny it , but overall , i think most people know the basics of climate change haha . 
  lovely building . 
  has a voc mentality . 
  with a good bicycle infrastructure the people will change over time . 
  we used to go full-car back in the days with large highways and crowded cities but the government decided to make the roads pro-cycle and the people adapted . 
  not sure if that would work that well in scotland though . 
  scotland is n't that densily populated and the cities are further away from each other so it 's more attractive to drive . 
  our city-centres are quite small as well so when you take your bike you 'll get to your destination sooner . 
  not sure if scottish cities have that as well ? 
  weather is a weird thing . 
  ` town ' ? 
  there 's not ? 
  what about the same kinds of religion , the same love for traveling , business et cetera , the same norms and values , staying positive and innovative and the list goes on and on . 
  sure , we 're not the same , but we do have a lot of things in common . 
  so you 're asian ? 
  probably something rather simple , like wheter or not to build a functional building . 
  more room when you have those circles . 
  room for desks , chairs , et cetera . 
  the uk house of commons is really small and busy . 
  they call them governments , yes . 
  a different floor and it would look ten times better . 
  they over-used that color . 
  also bike lanes . 
  gloriously working bike lanes . 
  i 'd feel more comfortable there , yes . 
   really love the chandelier and the old architecture in the building itself !, 
  interesting !, 
  europe is always epic , but wow , that is cool . 
  would love to visit . 
  agree , it 's not that epic , but it works . 
  enough room with chairs in stead of couches , enough lighting et cetera . 
  quite busy haha, 
  we do n't need fuel . 
  we have bicycles . 
  that is ... huge . 
  that 's unfortunate , but i do understand why . 
  quite an interesting party to be honest . 
  has some good points when it comes to privacy and stuff . 
  she did ? 
  agree, 
  she still is a politician haha, 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  it 's not always literally translated in other languages , which means some people know it with a different name . 
  voc stands for verenigde oost-indische compagnie which would literally translate to united east-india company , but in english it 's known as the dutch east india company , which causes confusion . 
  arguably the biggest company to have ever excisted and you have never heard of it ? 
  my patriotic mind is exploding right now . 
  hehe , what about ancilla van de leest ? 
  awh , those poor lads . 
  they did nothing wrong and now they are discriminated against when applying for a job . 
  you have the balls to leave europe ? 
  then you should have the balls to stay there . 
  have fun , i guess . 
  not hating on religion or something , but i really prefer churches . 
  especially the old ones . 
  mosques do n't stand out as much . 
  when will you learn ? 
  i know it 's unrealisic as fuck , i was just thinking about , if every region would join , what a country it would be . 
  but to win , you need a lot more points so it 's not just because of their neighbours . 
  we do have some things in common , like having rather weird sounding languages . 
  on a serious note though , i know that we 're different and i was just playing around . 
  but , now i think about it , it 'd make up for quite an interesting country . 
  greenland , faroe , svalbard , cura\u00e7ao , aruba et cetera would all be part of it making it one of the largest countries on earth with a combined area of more than 3,502,461 km \u00b2 , placing it seventh out of all nations on earth . 
  the country would have a combined population of 56 ( ! ), 
  million , making it the 25th most populous nation . 
  this would dramatically increase the influence on the world stage , especially in europe . 
  not to mention that it would have very important cities like amsterdam , brussels , stockholm and many more . 
  we 'd have a great and diverse economy with norways oil , luxembourgs finances and stuff like fishing and agriculture . 
  it would be one of the biggest trading nations on earth with many important ports like the one in rotterdam and important trading companies such as maersk . 
  and let 's not forget about the standards of living , which are all rather high . 
  all nations are on top of those lists most of the time , making the country very , very attractive to investments from other countries and it would make stuff like our universities better . 
  which would in term lead to a very innovative people because of the national competition . 
  our combined army would finally become something no one wants to mess with and there would be many multinationals heading our way ( even though we have a lot of large and important multionationals together already ) . 
  the music industry combined is one of the biggest on earth . 
  we 'd dominate a lot of sports if we 'd play under one team and of course the most important thing : we would win eurovision a lot of times because , well , sweden . 
  no problem . 
  an orange nordic cross would be a nice piece to add to the collection . 
  so , when are the plans to unite ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  they 're relatively poor and some do heavily rely on the money they receive . 
  money that would have to come from different places , which is hard , because their industries are n't that diverse . 
  some colonies mainly thrive on tourism , fishing or whatever . 
  if something like that would regionally collapse it would cause problems for a small island nation if it where to be independent . 
  maybe in the future a lot of then could be both succesful and independent . 
  but currently , most of then could n't . 
  not sure if countries like albania would fit in , honestly . 
  can the benelux join ? 
  would love to be in a union made up of so many great nations . 
  and the money they receive , of course . 
  many modern day colonies would n't be able to sustain themselves if they would be on their own . 
  because they greatly influence the industry ? 
  maybe your husband can learn you a thing or two ? 
  ah , seems like that pattern has historic values to it . 
  good to see that it 's represented in that flag . 
  edit : do i really need to put / s there so i will not get downvoted ?
