  i thought it was obvious that i was sarcastic ? 
  hahah , i can see why . 
  i would love to get a girlfriend later that does know stuff like geography , though . 
  ( i 'm not fun at parties either ), 
  holy guacamole . 
  if i was an alcohol lover i 'd buy so many of those supplies . 
  i like your husband already, 
  out of context , bot !, 
  they have been , yes . 
  every country has . 
  but , you ca n't ignore the fact that something like this would be quite a hit in the face . 
   just because you consider your own nationals enemy combatants , which makes it totally legal to kill them , does n't mean you have to actively hunt them why not ? 
  if they form a thread they are either allowed to walk to their grave themselves , which they are n't going to do , or get killed in the name of the country that they once called home . 
  they 've grown up in a wealthy nation , enjoying everything they can get there , and yet , they decided to join a group full of hate . 
  i wish my country actively hunt them . 
  flags are more important than you think . 
  if you have a great flag , it can make your people proud . 
  look at amsterdam , it 's flown everywhere there , it 's part of their football club and it 's seen on souvenirs . 
  it really represents them and it gives them a feeling of unity . 
  i 've seen it somewhere last year , but i do n't remember where ( i was in pakostane , which is between sibenik and zadar if i remember correctly ) . 
  from a distance it looks okay , because you wo n't notice that they are letters repeating the name over and over again lol . 
  i really like the pattern going on there . 
  what does 123rf represent ? 
  no way someone would prefer beans over stroopwafels . 
  unilever is half british though, 
  not trying to be patriotic , but you 're right . 
  other countries , even some countries close to us , do a poor job when it comes to maintaining older houses and buildings and creating good new infrastructure . 
  from roads to modern architecture to innovative and complex structures for stuff like flood protection to renovating old churches and houses : it 's all done properly . 
  that 's why we have to pay a lot of taxes sometimes , but i 'm a proud tax payer because of it . 
  it 's not over-the-top , it 's just good . 
  i agree . 
  i even felt bad for russia , that 's how good they made it . 
  almost hidden propaganda . 
  but , i enjoyed it anyways . 
  gave us an insight in his life . 
  seeing those buildings and conversations was quite unique and interesting . 
  if you are capable of seeing the things that are wrong with it , i recommend watching it . 
  interesting . 
  really dislike that purple thing as well . 
  does n't fit at all with those buildings around it . 
  not really into futuristic movie-like stuff anyways . 
  thanks for the info . 
  wow , that building is really ugly . 
  seen the interviews . 
  i actually really enjoyed them . 
  i think he means politically ? 
  with the republicans and democrats . 
  just a guess . 
  both , i think . 
  ah , that 's a lot better !, 
  would have looked so much better if they 'd have built them closer to each other . 
  i truely like london a lot , but i think it 's kinda a mess when it comes to their skyscrapers . 
  perfect island to start your own country . 
  it looks fake and cool at the same time . 
  this picture is stunning . 
  you have this one , finland , but do n't celebrate too early : we still beat you most of the times !, 
  lovely pictures and places . 
  the netherlands is heading the right way . 
  i really like modern architecture like in rotterdam , so for me it 'd be something to visit . 
  will be able to travel for free from monday till friday next year through duo so i might just check it out once . . :-), 
  that 's another way to describe it , yes . 
  wow !, 
  i 've never been there and i could n't find a recent picture , but the place seems cool so i wanted to post it . 
  did you take those pictures ? 
  agree . 
  the buildings in london seem to be placed quite randomly and they all need to be ` special ' . 
  that egg building is n't my cup of tea ( ha , fitting ) , for example . 
  that is also a reason why we are n't building th\u00e1t high . 
  you need really large foundations here , which makes it a lot more complicated . 
  and , a lot of dutchies are against skyscrapers , especially in historic cities ( that 's why rotterdam is so unique ) . 
  yup , seen it before . 
  really hate that . 
  did n't know that . 
  cool !, 
  yup , with the mountains and highrise and stuff it really does , untill you look at the buildings at the bottom . 
  [ info ] zuidas is a business district in amsterdam , the netherlands . 
  it 's relatively new and it 's rapidly growing . 
  dutch multinationals like akzonobel and large banks like abn amro have their headquarters there already . 
  that looks odd - that one tower sticking out in brussels . 
  who wants to be an usa junior anyway ? 
  i prefer skylines like this over most other cities . 
  just a couple of good looking skyscrapers close to each other . 
  it is n't a clusterfuck like new york , it does n't have weird buildings spread over a large area like in london and it does n't have one really tall building sticking out like in dubai . 
  that 's a problem in both countries . 
  venice is like the venice of the south, 
  ah , everytime we have issues related to politics i just have to remember : it 's always worse in belgium . 
  the highways i experienced there were ten times better than the ones in croatia , the uk ( only went to a small part of the country , no idea how the rest of the roads there are ) and belgium . 
  might just been luck or something . 
  maybe they only pay for their highways hahah , because i did n't visit that many austrian cities or rural areas . 
  yup , that is madness . 
  i 've had like 25 people in my classes most of the time but it was still hard to follow sometimes because a few people could n't keep their mouth shut . 
  i 'm talking about taxation and spending on roads , which apparantly is one of the lowest in europe . 
  the more people using public transport , the better . 
  sure , the ns has a lot of things to fix , but you have to keep in mind that the dutch rails are one of the busiest and most dense in the world , which makes it quite hard to fight delays . 
  any sort of maintainance have a huge impact on a lot of people because of this . 
  got ta give the ns credit for doing better than so many countries . 
  5 hour journey ? 
  where were you heading ? 
  that 's really long for the average dutchie . . 
  ns plays a role in that as well .
