  but i do n't think we really have one weird part . 
  everything is weird . 
  non-limburgers like to believe that limburg is the craziest , weirdest , dumbest part , i guess , but in reality i think it 's evenly spread . 
   facebook/another major social network we used to have hyves , which was pretty much like facebook is now . 
  there were some cool things you ca n't do with your facebook page , like creating such colourful , messy pages full of mario , dancing bananas and huge yellow emojis that your eyes would bleed . 
  unfortunately , it went extinct and we do n't really have our own stuff anymore . 
  no fucking clue . 
   the go-to meme website ? 
  kinda like 9gag . 
  people just put random shit there from all over the internet and a lot of memes/populair stuff became , well , populair because of that site . 
   that really stupid meme you wish foreigners would understand ? 
  mhmm ... ? 
   that one comedian/comedy show that goes way too far that you wish foreigners would understand ? 
  jesus , these questions are hard . 
  i do n't know . 
  probably something gordon related . 
   that one easy to make fun of celebrity ? 
   that one idiot politician ? 
  most would say geert wilders or kuzu . 
  the afsluitdijk is suddenly very thick . 
  the dutch flag is darker than the french flag tho, 
  no , a structure , a tower . 
  not a building . 
  is it still red , white and blue when it 's a soft brexit ? 
  i wonder . 
  that 's not a building . 
  not really a competition anymore . 
  the netherlands is winning . 
  i only went there for half a day . 
  i know the sea organ is worth a visit but that was the only known thing i went to , i suppose . 
  when i visited the city i just walked around to see the beautiful buildings they have there and the cozy shopping area . 
  there are quite a few nice restaurants over there with good and cheap food . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , there 's also an old tower/church building thing you can go to if you want a nice view over the whole city . 
  not sure though , since we did n't have time to go there but we saw a high building and i heard people talking about it . 
  maybe some of the croats here know more about zadar ? 
  i recommend going to the less touristy areas there as well , like the small towns surrounding it . 
  i stayed in pakostane and we found out about a nice place ( kamenjak it was called , or something like that ) where you had a beautiful view over the nearby lake and the islands in the sea . 
  there were only a few tourists there so we had all the time to enjoy it . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bixjrpbajsv/ ) is a photo i took there . 
  pakostane is n't that close to zadar if i remember correctly , but i mean that it 's cool to just visit random places . 
  there are also tons of places where locals sell their great fruits , like their huge watermelons for almost nothing ( croatia is fairly cheap compared to the netherlands ) . 
  stuff like that is everywhere in the dalmatia area i think . 
  i hope you enjoy croatia as much as i did . 
  i can imagine that enthousiastic tourists often fall there . 
  smoothest stones i have ever encountered . . 
  it 's really cool . 
  been there last year and i thought zadar was absolutely beautiful . 
  some of the streets where you walk were bloody dangerous though , slippery stones haha, 
  ooh . 
  i went there last year . 
  i do remember sibenik and i also went to zadar and a couple of small towns like pakostane . 
  also hired a boat there where dolphins were swimming around us . 
  lovely national park by the way . 
  even the bus drive there was pretty epic , lots and lots of busses driving on a narrow road in a mountainous-y area . 
  not to mention the epic waterfall . 
  wish to go back there one day . 
  croatia is the furthest i went thus far and it was absolutely beautiful . 
  after reading the title i decided not to read the actual article . 
  looks shitty already . 
  that 's more than europe . 
  i went to the krka national park , is that near krk ? 
  i prefer the sea organ . . , 
  people as in the stuff they get from the eu . 
  free movement , roaming-free data , et cetera . 
  that 's stuff even the pro-brexit voters want . 
  what i mean with the country is its economy . 
  some stuff the eu gives does n't necessarily influence the economy , those are the things that are there just for the people . 
  the uk is quite important for my country 's economy so yes , i do care . 
  pro-brexit voters want the best of both worlds . 
  not gon na happen , buddies . 
  switzerland as a country does quite good outside the eu . 
  wonder if it 'd benefit economically when joining the eu . 
  for the people it sometimes sucks , but for the country ? 
  not sure . 
  untill now !, 
  fishing nets are outdated . 
  we 'll polder the shit out of their waters . 
  best thing to do is to make the bike lanes seperate from the roads . 
  when you do that , cars wo n't drive there , people would feel more safe and you arrive faster at your destination which will all increase the popularity of the bicycles . 
  i 've checked out a couple of photos from scotland and it looks very european indeed with the narrow streets and everything . 
  you could create free parking lots and spaces and stuff like that so that the cars have more room to park . 
  maybe give the people that park on the lanes large fines or whatever to further stop the people from parking there . 
  when that 's done the cyclist will have more room and they 'd feel safer which , again , means more people will use it ( especially when you need to search for a parking spot every time you want to park your car ) . 
  would take years i suppose , but after a while the bikers become more of a thing and the cars will look out for them . 
  i 'm not an expert but it seems like your streets are indeed difficult if you want to add seperate bike lanes so i do n't see that getting a place over there . 
  i do n't think scotland will ever reach the same biking culture unfortunately , but there are a lot of things a government can do to increase its popularity like creating laws that project the cyclists ( if a car hits a biker over here , the car is responsible 99 % of the time ) and the stuff that i mentioned earlier . 
  asia is a continent . 
  turkey is in asia for the largest part together with india , china , kazakhstan . 
  all of them are asians . 
  that , of course , is a geographic term and has nothing to do with cultures . 
  no matter how different each countries are , they are all in asia so wheter you think it 's a poor term or not is your own choice , but it 's correct . 
  africa is one of the most diverse places on earth with the many tribes , religions , cultures et cetera , but we still call them africans , do n't we ? 
  we 're nowhere near belgiums record haha , but true true , we 're still waiting for a coalition to happen . 
  really sucks . 
  but , i was more or less talking about the amount of governments , from brussels to flanders to the german speaking community . 
  indeed . 
  europeans have a special way of doing things which is hard to understand untill you actually experienced it . 
  for example , whenever i meet someone online through games or whatever , i feel something special when it 's a european which i do n't feel when it 's someone from a different continent . 
  i find it easier to become friends with europeans . 
  i think we 're quite the same on a lot of major things after all .
