  does it really beat 2500 $ / month for a cheap one ? 
  london city centre beats any of those, 
  they are absolutely insane in london particularly . 
  parking spots painted on top of them , when not car parking allowed anyway on over half of the tracks , no real separation from the roads or laws to protect them ( no really , by law they are just paint , no obligations to respect them whatsoever ) ... 
  my mistake !, 
  sorry about it , deleted now . 
  since when are political costs important in the current situation in greece ? 
  i know . 
  the problem is that they are n't the ones asking for bailouts . 
  i 'm from spain and if we were to ask for a bailout i 'd have no problem with the idea that we would have to set our welfare state to the bare minimum , at least to the level of the lowest one any existing member of the eu has . 
  ** it 's not about whether others have , but about whether others do n't have it ** . 
  that is exactly the sort of stuff that makes people not want to bail them . 
  his speech from his facebook page ( real speech was longer but it 's the best i can find ) :  i am angry mr tsipras , because let 's face it . 
  we have been sleepwalking towards a grexit . 
  for five years now . 
  and the past months we are even running towards it , with our eyes open . 
  with your eyes open . 
  but , it is not you who is going to pay the bill . 
  who is going to pay the bill are the ordinary greeks !, 
  losing 30 - 40 per cent of their purchasing power , of their income . 
  i am going to be very clear today on what we have to but especially what you have to do . 
  and you know it very well , from the beginning . 
  you have to deliver a package of in depth structural reforms . 
  and when i 'm talking a package , i am talking about a precise plan . 
  a roadmap . 
  a clear calendar . 
  no more intentions . 
  we are 6 months after the elections and we have seen nothing . 
  do you want a grexit maybe ? 
  it is certainly not what your people want . 
  what greece needs are - concrete proposals to get rid of the clientelistic system . 
  and concrete measures to fight corruption . 
  - a roadmap to dramatically downsize the public sector : we need to see the exact number of civil servants that wo n't be replaced . 
  - to transform the public banks into a healthy private financial sector - to open the markets and jobs currently closed for too many young people . 
  we need to see an end date on when this is going to happen . 
  also here no intentions we need to see the texts of the legal proposals , calendar , legislation . 
  - to end the privileges of the shipowners , the military , the orthodox church , the greek islands and not to forget the politcial parties , including yours because you also have the loan of a public bank . 
  i do not see the difference between you and samaras , physically yes , but not on the content on the substance . 
  another difference is that you have a mandate . 
  never there was a greek prime minister with such as strong mandate . 
  one in the parliamentary elections . 
  one from the referendum . 
  the greek people are fed up with the way greece has be run the last decades . 
  change it !, 
  but we also have our responsibility . 
  the euro group need to respond to it with a new approach . 
  we need to create what every currency union has : a real political and economic union . 
  with a debt redemption fund for everybody , every member state not only for greece . 
  like it exists in every sustainable currency union . 
  mr tsipras , but first thing first . 
  you have to come forward with your reform program . 
  this is not a chicken and the egg discussion . 
  it is your choice . 
  how do you want to be remembered ? 
  as an electoral accident who made its people poorer ? 
  or as a real revolutionary reformer ? 
  do n't fall in the pasok trap . 
  do n't betray your people . 
  because 80 percent want to stay in the euro . 
  show that you are a real leader and not a false prophet . 
   otes over the years once the other alternatives disappeared , hence the current situation . 
  why should i care what votes they were getting initially ? 
  i have spent the last 20 years seeing them make what i consider fascist statements and defending franco 's heritage day in day out then winning general elections and imposing their bullshit laws on catalonia when they have n't won here once . 
  if you ca n't see how that would make me say what i said in the op then i 'm sorry but there 's not much i can do to help you understand . 
  this is how i feel and how most independentists i know feel . 
  i guess tv3 has washed all our heads . 
  they were created by a fascist regime and they consistently push for fascist laws , therefore for all intends and purposes i 'm going to call the party a fascist party . 
  that does n't mean i 'm saying all it 's voters are fascists , but thy sure as hell are complacent about it . 
  jesus christ with the black and white . 
  franco 's regime created the party . 
  wether they ruled or not for 20 years is irrelevant , since they existed and had a significant amount of votes the whole time . 
  all i 'm saying , for the 6th time in this thread , there is a lot more fascist vote in spain than there is in catalonia !, 
  have you read the damn link of the thread we 're commenting on ? 
  are you seriously arguing pp is not fascist ? 
  by having fraga create it ? 
  also , we 're not in spain . 
  we 're in r/europe . 
  people here appreciate the meaning of fascism and the law approved to day is the very definition of it . 
  i do n't care if they have 60 , 50 , or 40 % of the votes . 
  they get less than 10 % in catalonia . 
  it 's orders of magnitudes below in `` fascist voting '' . 
  you keep trying to make it look like i 'm saying it 's black and white , when what i 'm saying is that both are grey but one is much darker . 
  edit : catch-all my ass by the way . 
  founded by ex-franco minister less than 40 years ago , you have got to be kidding me . 
  imagine a party in germany founded by goebbels winning elections today ... 
  childish ? 
  it was less than 40 years ago than franco died and put the king and pp in place . 
  we still have them , and look at the laws they 're passing . 
  if your best argument for saying catalan politics are as fascist as spain 's is that 14 years ago ciu abstained from gay marriage i 'll pretty much consider the conversation finished , 
  guys , you 're missing the point . 
  i 'm not saying catalan politics are less conservative than spanish politics . 
  i 'm saying they are less fascist . 
  i 'm not saying all spain is fascist either . 
  i 'm saying what i consider a fascist party won everywhere in spain except for catalonia and the basque country . 
  that 's what that map shows and i fail to see how that is manipulative in any way . 
  oh come on man , they got 0 seats on the last catalan elections , that 's what i meant , not that they do n't exist . 
  of course we have retarded towns , i 'm not delusional . 
  our parliament has 0 seats occupied by fascists and has never had one for decades . 
  spain 's parliament has never had less than half . 
  you ca n't argue with this .
