  the difference is that california isn \u00b4 t giving 8 % of its gdp to the other states and then see how those states have privileges they do n't . 
  it 's not about giving or not giving , we all agree richer regions have to help the poorer , the problem is how much do you give . 
  8 % of the gdp is such an enormous amount many people wonder how catalonia even manages to stay afloat . 
  we even had to ask the central government for money to be able to maintain our basic services a couple years ago !, 
  there already is a `` mejor unidos '' campaign lead by a catalan unionist party , but no spanish party would back it up because that would imply there is a debate in the first place , which according to them , does n't exist . 
  she said she agreed on everything spain 's president just said . 
  how not ? 
  catalns : we want to vote independence spain : we wo n't let you , because you 're just bluffing catalans : we 're not bluffing spain : how sad , we 'll never know, 
  the difference is , the yes side has been all in for a referendum all along , and would probably still agree to one now . 
  personally , the reason i agree seats are the way to count votes here is that there are plenty of parties ( pirate party , unio , animals right party , csqp ... ) that have no clear positioning and whose voters behaviour in a yes/no question is unclear . 
  i 'm just telling you what the guy said 5 minutes ago on `` la sexta '' . 
  this is not a referendum ( we wanted that but it was denied ) where you are asking a single yes/no question , it 's an election . 
  the fact that the parties whose main point is independence do n't have 50 % of the votes does n't mean you would n't have a 50 % of it in a referendum since again , as per his own words , there 's people in other parties that would vote yes . 
  catsiqueespot ca n't be counted either way , one of their representatives just said on live tv . 
  lots of people would vote yes for independence but do n't consider it their main preoccupation and can end up voting psc or catsiqueespot if they do n't buy into turning regional elections into plebiscitary elections . 
  parties for independence still have absolute majority . 
  i do think we should have a hundred states if that is what people vote for , whether that is more efficient or not is not nearly as important as people being happy under those governments . 
  about bullfighting : http://www.thelocal.es/20150312/bullfighting-to-return-to-catalonia about the estatut ban , the reason were that they deemed it inconstitutional . 
  again , the court that decides what is constitutional or not is appointed directly by them , so the real reason is because they disagreed with it . 
  about the money , yes we want to be in the eu and yes we want to help poorer regions , but not in a higher proportion than everyone else in europe . 
  germany is n't giving 8 % of their gdp to greece and we do n't want to give 8 % of ours to spain . 
  simple as that . 
  madrid gives slightly more , but it receives a shitton of investment from the government . 
  the highways , of course we needed them . 
  if you want to go from barcelona to tarragona ( biggest to 2nd biggest ) without paying tolls , it 's a single lane most of the way . 
  i 'd love the `` catalan countries '' to join us , but it 's ultimately up to them to vote for that . 
  finally , 200 countries have obtained independence in the last century , people seem to forget this is nothing new . 
  why not us ? 
  it 's not a black and white `` help the poorer '' . 
  by that logic , why is n't sweden giving 16 billion euros to any random poorer-than-sweden region in the world ? 
  we do n't think we should n't give money to spain , we want to give those aids within the eu framework within the eu margins , just like every other richer-than-spain country , not under spain 's framework in which we do n't get to choose ( and for most years in the recent past , not even know ) how much we give . 
  well , you 're then against self-determination . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree , but un agrees with me : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-determination, 
  the basques, 
  as much as a couple 's money should be managed by both parties , a wife wanting a divorce does n't need his husband 's approval . 
  ca n't see why it should be different when it comes to administrations . 
  before we knew it was manipulated . 
  i still do n't know what mas and convergencia have to do with this conersation . 
  i have no idea what you 're going on about . 
  what does mas and convergencia have to do with any of this ? 
  how can the debate be recorded before the response if margallo quoted the response ? 
  the minister of foreign affairs used this manipulated response as an argument on a prime-time debate the same day . 
  spain 's dirty tactics are beyond belief sometimes . 
  nuclear is 0 % emissions . 
  i 'm not complaining about any of those . 
  i 'm complaining that the government is spending money in unneeded infrastructures in madrid not in extremadura , while no highways at all have been built in catalonia for the last 30 years . 
  well then no wonder you do n't want independence from anyone , but just say that upfront instead of picking on the details on why i want independence , 
  we consider those as statements made under spain 's pressure to prevent us from voting . 
  that became even clearer when the eu also stated multiple times that greece would be kicked if they defaulted and then there was n't a grexit . 
  it 's game theory . 
  that is precisely what most of us want . 
  we just ca n't wait for that to happen to get out of spain . 
  me too . 
  this does n't mean i want a single government for the whole world though . 
  would you want your country to join any other random country you border with ... as a region of them ? 
  madrid has never been light years behind us , at all . 
  it went from barely the same to being massively better connected with highways noone even uses while you ca n't even take a high speed road without paying from tarragona from barcelona . 
  can i ask you , what is then , in your opinion , a good reason to gain independence in the modern world ? 
  war ? 
  they did n't all go to a single demonstration that 's the thing . 
  all infrastructures in catalonia are decided from madrid , that 's the problem . 
  madrid has n't had a particularly higher increase in population either , not sure what your argument is here, 
  i genuinely do n't know , 
  this has happened 4 years in a row now, 
  so you 're going to abuse a flawed system that legally lets you prevent us from having a fair vote to deny us a vote ? 
  to hell with that . 
  primarily , because i do n't feel spanish . 
  this alone should be enough to draw a border : the current logic is to keep the ones created by wars and imperialism centuries ago . 
  if all current borders were wiped and we were to decide where we draw our administrative borders , would n't this indeed be the only valid criteria ? 
  secondly , it 's matter of dignity . 
  i feel the spanish government has systematically mistreated us for several centuries now . 
  easy example : between 1 to 2 million people demonstrated in barcelona in 2012 . 
  this is 15 % to 25 % of the population in catalonia . 
  scale this to your own country to get an idea of the magnitude : i 'd be like having 30 to 60 million americans in washington . 
  the spanish goverment reaction ? 
  none . 
  they said the important thing were the other millions that did n't go and moved on . 
  it 's insulting . 
  another easy one : we banned bullfighting . 
  the canary islands had had it banned for years and noone cared , but when we did it , they went all crazy about it and are now planning to make it a `` national protected art '' for the only purpose of forcing bullfighting back in catalonia . 
  again , disgusting and insulting . 
  last but not least : the spanish president at the time promised us we could have our own `` estatut '' , a sort of catalan constitution , without any interference from spain . 
  when we then passed it after years of draftings and work , the current ruling party brought it to the constitutional court ( 12 people appointed directly by the two main parties ) and had it reduced to pieces . 
  this was actually the tipping point for most separatists , and the massive attendance to the demonstration that followed was the beginning of the current process . 
  economy wise , it 's just a constant feeling that we are being administered by a government for which we are a very , very low priority and therefore we just ca n't play the real economy game on a world scale which we should be doing given our actual economy level : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_regions_by_gdp for the grim details on why staying in spain is killing our economy : http://www.helpcatalonia.cat/2013/01/you-cant-argue-with-facts.html a very simple and obvious example is this map , it shows the highways on barcelona and madrid over the last 20 years . 
  even funnier is that while most of the madrid ones are free , most of the ones in barcelona are full of tolls !, 
  http://www.carlosblanco.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/comparativa-barcelona-madrid.jpg i hope this gives some context . 
  i 'm happy to clarify more if you still have questions . 
  like most catalans , i 'll take mas over rajoy any day . 
  look at him : https://youtu.be/had-mefibxe he at least knows how to behave like a leader . 
  rajoy is completely useless specially compared to him . 
  geneva is officially 15km ^ 2 . 
  london is 1572km ^ 2 . 
  zone 1 in london is already several times the size of geneva . 
  the average in london is a lot more misleading , 
  yup . 
  i 'm telling you london is completely insane . 
  a nice one will cost you 4000 easily . 
  keep in mind that numbeo is showing you the average for the 6 zones and even that is already higher . 
  zone 1 is mental .
