  uni\u00f3 has split from cdc now . 
  also , they abstained because of the large ammount of old people voting them . 
  i really see it fundamentally different from the demonstrations pp was calling for . 
  artur mas nominated an openly gay minister himself 3 years ago . 
  to compare his party to pp only makes sense if you sit on an extreme-left political view , then of course they 'll all look the same . 
  again , i 'm not saying they are n't conservative , i 'm saying they are n't fascists . 
  there are no fascist catalan parties at all . 
  we have conservative parties too like every other country . 
  but i fail to see artur mas ever pushing for fascist laws like these . 
  there 's a difference between being conservative and being a fascist . 
  independence would get rid of franco 's heritage altogether ( pp and the king ) plus some other bullshit we have to put up with ( bullfighting being the main example , but i still remember pp going against gay marriage and abortion , things artur mas has never had a problem with , to give some more examples ) . 
  true, 
  spain 's politics is the main reason i push for catalan independence . 
  they * have n't moved on from franco . 
  * last elections result map . 
  catalonia is the north-eastern non-blue area . 
  blue is the popular party , the one pushing these laws and franco 's legacy party : http://www.electionresources.org/images/maps/es.php?election=2011&amp;map=provinces, 
  got the title wrong . 
  former chief of staff , not president of the party . 
  my apologies . 
  op 's comment was exactly what pp/c 's / psoe have been saying regards the issue . 
  i do get some people do n't vote any of those parties , but the majority do , in spain . 
  i think i 'm allowed to generalise in this case . 
  about getting used to how democracy works , you misunderstood . 
  i did n't mean it towards spain but towards the unionist catalans in the sense that they usually bring up the argument that we 're creating a conflict . 
  in democracy , when you have two sides with different ideas it is the regular approach to have them both speak up and discuss their issues , not have one side have it their way and expect the other one to shut up . 
  if they ca n't understand that , they should get used to it . 
  is it clearer now ? 
  i 'd obviously prefer it if we got to stay in the eu as we do feel europeans and in the short term exiting would hurt our economy . 
  that does n't mean i 'll let spain use the eu card to influence my vote on the matter . 
  anything they say until an eventual independence i 'll take it as them playing along with the spanish government into the `` scare them '' game . 
  if we get independence and they actually prefer to cancel my eu passport as retaliation , fuck them i guess ? 
  to us , this is much less about money than you seem to believe it is but more a matter of dignity . 
  by that logic , should n't a husband have a right to say whether the wife can get a divorce ? 
  uk did n't vote on scotland 's referendum , canada did n't vote on quebec 's ... 
  whichever way this goes , there 's probably not going to be any `` shit is going down '' day anytime soon . 
  the way the catalan government wants to make this happen is by means of a `` slow and smooth '' transition over a period of years , and the way the spanish government wants to prevent it is by means of the ( politically controlled ) justice system which , specially in spain , is slow . 
  none side wants to be seen as the one who threw the first stone so most likely , be ready for a lot more of these small moves on both sides . 
  if you want to count votes , allow a referendum . 
  we 've been asking for it for years and still do . 
  you forced us to default to an election that works by counting seats and when we won , you suddenly count the results as if it were a referendum ? 
  fuck that . 
  this is a prime example of all that we feel is wrong with spain 's attitude towards this problem : you do n't really care . 
  you 'll do anything to avoid dealing with the problem as if it did n't exist , and when it explodes in your face then present the story in whatever way necessary to make us look like we 're some crazy terrorists disturbing your peace . 
  a peace that only existed because we were forced to just shut up about it . 
  about the parties being corrupt , you mean that one of the parties implied in the process has , for the 3rd time in the last 2 years , had it 's leaders investigated the day before important events regarding independence by the spanish police , leaked all of it to the media so they could report on the police interventions live on all tvs and then some months later admit they found nothing ? 
  oh sorry , they found that the initial report had been fabricated by spanish intelligence , forgot that . 
  we 're still waiting for anyone to get prosecuted about it for malicious manipulation of elections , by the way . 
  i could n't care less if mas is corrupt or not as i 've never voted for him , but seeing the extreme lengths to which he has been investigated lately and still nothing has been found i 'm starting to think he might , surprisingly , actually be clean . 
  this a movement from the people for the people , parties , especially cdc , have just recently jumped on it to avoid being made redundant from elections . 
  about what europe says , yeah , we pretty much do n't care . 
  if they side with spain they 'll do it out of an internal agreement with spain not out of it being the right thing . 
  to imply that we should take the eu opinion as some sort of moral criteria is beyond ridiculous . 
  last but not least , there is zero hatred from our side . 
  if the other side gets annoyed that we 're finally speaking up instead of just letting them have it their way to avoid upsetting them , so be it . 
  maybe it 's time they get used to how democracy works . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i 'm the same . 
  a few hours ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3qhcga/catalan_independence_declaration_puts_region_on/, 
   8 % , however , seems to be quite a lot . 
  what do you get back by , i do n't know , schools , infrastructure , etc. ? 
  do you have an overview ? 
  ( i know you are not my secretary  ) that 8 % is the part do n't get anything at all for . 
  zero . 
  we give them 100 % of our gdp , then once you count what we get in investment , it 's only 92 % of it . 
  we want control over it , easy as that . 
  i 'm not a football fan so whether there are classicos or not , i do n't really care . 
  this being said , i do n't think either part would want to not have them since it 's just business after all . 
  he 's replying to the particular point you pointed out only . 
  sure , after a failed coup d'etat and 40 years of dictatorship , why would people overwhelmingly vote for a democracy ticket ? 
  ah yes , because clearly catalans wanted to sign a non-expiring contract to be in spain . 
  that must have been their thought process . 
  of course . 
  let 's also never ask them again after we 've seen how this democracy has been working for the next 40 years , why would we ? 
  how do you know this ? 
  i 'll happily agree to holding a referendum every 10 years . 
  spain builds roads in spain with everyone 's money except in catalonia because we built our own . 
  spain needs to pay back the money it saved , buy the roads , or build new ones like everywhere else . 
  simple as that . 
  what , the government ca n't pay the generalitat back all the money they saved by us building our own roads ? 
  why not ? 
  no , but it can buy the existing road so that we do n't have to pay the tolls . 
  i ca n't believe you 're actually justifying this . 
  of course i can !, 
  if we paid for our own highways ourselves why are now paying for everyone 's highways ? 
  you ca n't have both . 
  i do n't know where you live but it sounds like a quite remote place if that 's the case . 
  as far as big cities go , public infrastructure in catalonia is subpar compared to everywhere else . 
  to go from barcelona to tarragona it 's a single lane 90 % of the way !, 
  if i want to commute to barcelona from tarragona and not pay tolls , it 's 2-3h for 90km ** between two major cities ** . 
  no there is n't . 
  just look at all the flags in the comment up and then look at your comment karma . 
  it 's not just the government attitude . 
  you do n't get it . 
  it 's as if universal healthcare was introduced to the us paid by everyone 's taxes except the people who already signed a contract for insurance . 
  infrastructure is a public service . 
  you either build stuff everywhere or you do n't at all if we 're all paying for it . 
  it 's not so simple . 
  we asked for the competency to build this highways because at the time the spanish government did n't want to . 
  we then agreed to have it done privately as we had no money to do it from our budget .
