have you seen ppc representation in the catalan parliament ? 
  i honestly do n't know the answer to your question , but it does n't matter . 
  ppc is not an important player in catalan politics . 
  the cases of corruption have been at ciu , but never erc the party that wins the polls at the moment . 
  and this is for the current government . 
  70 % of the last pp government is already being processed . 
  searched for `` manipulacion tv3 '' on google . 
  obtained 357.00 results . 
  searched for `` manipulacion tve '' , a tenth of the results . 
  funny fact , tve is much older , it targets 8x the audience , and was born as a dictatorship official propaganda channel for over a decade . 
  if that seriously does n't tell you anything , we just wo n't ever agree . 
  thanks for the news , i just changed my mind and want to stay in spain , where corruption is unheard of . 
  it 's not a legal problem . 
  they can change the constitution in a weekend if they want to ( they did it already when it was in their best interest ) . 
  the major problem here is that yes , it goes against their own interest just like ** it goes against my interest that my neighbour is n't my slave and that his wife is n't on my bed ** , but i put my values above my interest . 
  it seems that the spanish government ** is willing to do anything no matter how antidemocratic ** it is , and that is exactly what 's making everyone get really mad . 
  if you think the mossos will ever obey anyone whose not the democratically elected catalan government you obviously have n't been paying attention . 
  police from other autonomies would n't be able to stop anything by any conventional means , it 's millions of people that we 're talking about here . 
  the government did n't enforce any of them . 
  i 've heard this statement straight from government official multiple times . 
  also , choosing elmundo as a source speaks lots about how we 'll never agree on what 's true or fale . 
  no shopkeeper has ever been fined for that . 
  stop lying . 
  catalan police would never enforce such thing . 
  unless they sent the actual military they would n't stop anything . 
  and if they did that , the international picture would be just ridiculous . 
  `` spain sends military to stop people from voting '' . 
  it 's not so easy . 
  we are 16 % of the population , pay 24 % of the taxes and receive 9 % of the inversion . 
  that 's how much of a say we have . 
  do n't forget bullfighting . 
  they are trying to declare it a national protected thing just so that we ca n't keep the ban ... 
  depends on your definition of nationalism i guess . 
  according to wikipedia : `` nationalism is a belief , creed or political ideology that involves an individual identifying with , or becoming attached to , one 's nation . '', 
  is n't everybody a nationalist then ? 
  i mean , i really do n't understand what people mean by it anymore . 
  to me the `` estelada '' flag means nothing else but `` independence for catalonia from spain '' . 
  this . 
  i 'm not saying ukip voters are nazis at all , i 'm saying the idea of blaming all the country problems to immigration is far from being new . 
  that to me is a perfectly rational point . 
  as a catalan living in the uk , i 'd say the thing that i understand the less is how british people have this view that the eu has stolen sovereignty from the uk and how the ue is imposing it 's law on the uk . 
  for instance they 'll go on about how the eu has made it possible for criminals to vote , but when actually explained why is it against basic human rights to deny voting to someone because he broke the law , they 'll agree with it . 
  most of the people i 've talked to about this things have n't really thought about it , they just take what appears on the daily mail about europe to be true . 
  funnily enough , they would n't trust the daily mail on other things !, 
  i mean , joining the eu and it 's bilateral agreements was approved on referendum was n't it ? 
  i can understand some people might have changed their minds , but i would expect a rational debate over it , not a campaign to make the eu look evil for enforcing the agreements the uk agreed to voluntarily . 
  i honestly hope someone starts standing up for an objective view on the matter as i 'd be really sad if the uk were to leave the eu based on the view that somehow eu politicians are evil and uk 's are good . 
  p.s : also , i have n't met a single ukip supporter that made any sense about anything . 
  i honestly can not understand how such a party has come to get so much support . 
  their views , and pardon the reference , remind me of the early nazi party when they blamed it all on the jews . 
  pure demagogy . 
  we already are paying taxes that go to europe anyway , that would n't change, 
  you 're confusing the crown of aragon with the current autonomous community of aragon . 
  the crown of aragon was the union of the territories that nowadays belong to aragon and catalunya . 
  they kept the name we kept the flag , so what ? 
  you 're confusing terms . 
  what your table shows is how much money the us government collected from each state related to each state gdp ( gsp ) . 
  the 8 % figure in the catalan case is how much money is collected from catalonia by spain that is not used in catalonia in relation to it 's gdp . 
  let me give you an illustrative example . 
  you and i both share a flat and we both earn 100 $ a month . 
  the flat expenses are a total of 20 $ a month . 
  we split it equally and now we 're both paying 10 $ , that is , 10 % of our salary . 
  that is how it works both in the us and in spain , and that 's the figure you 're talking about . 
  what happens now in catalonia is that this 20 $ are then used as follows : 10 $ for the common areas ( that would be the army etc in the real world ) , then 8 $ in your room and 2 $ in my room . 
  we 're still both giving 10 % of our salary to the flat right ? 
  yes !, 
  but now i can also say that there are 6 $ from the 20 $ being used on things that are n't mine nor afect me . 
  proportionally , i 'm paying 3 $ a month that go to the flat but never come back to me in any way . 
  that is what it 's called a fiscal deficit between me and the flat . 
  and in this case , it 's 3 % of my salary . 
  in the catalan case , 8 % of our gdp `` goes to madrid and never returns '' . 
  in europe , this figure is 3-4 % for the most extreme cases ( london , bavaria ... ) , and then ... catalonia . 
  5-10 % is massive . 
  the gdp is not a measure of the net profit but of the overall production . 
  if every year you earn 100 $ and spend 105 $ ( that 's how most countries in europe work nowadays ) , taking away 10 % means instead of having a balance of -5 $ you now have a balance of -15 $ . 
  there is no region in europe that gives anywhere near that . 
  regarding why we are rich , that 's pure speculation based on no real published data whatsoever . 
  obama is the 44th us president . 
  artur mas is the 129th catalan president . 
  now stop and think about that for a moment before saying back in the day it officially was `` aragon '' and so catalonia has never existed . 
  the institution that has decreed this vote is one of the oldest institutions in europe . 
  it 's non binding already . 
  we made it that way as to not let the spanish government say it was illegal . 
  what they are trying to ban is a non-binding referendum , that 's why we call it a `` consultation '' . 
  they are n't trying to avoid secession , they are trying to avoid people from saying they want it . 
  well then let the vote happen and shut our mouths democratically instead of using a 36 years old constitution constitution that was made to please the military under their supervision to shut us down . 
  they do n't . 
  the governing party said just today they wo n't concede anything that could threaten the spanish unity , and that 's it . 
  the constitution says without their approval we ca n't do anything and they say they do n't agree with what we 're trying to do , so too bad . 
  i \u00b4 ve said this twice already in this thread . 
  it \u00b4 s not about giving but about how much we give . 
  spain is taking 8 % of our gdp each year without letting us have any say on it . 
  8 % is far more than new york or california give to the country , and last but not least , they get credit for it instead of being insulted constantly . 
  so that justifies any amount of money ? 
  we 're not complaining about giving but about how much we give . 
  your answer makes no sense . 
  well at least they wo n't be able to say its `` some thousands '' like they do every year on the national day demonstrations . 
  a 100 % yes result with a 51 % participation is the same as a 51 % yes result with a 100 % participation . 
  excuse me , a slower paced calculated debate is what we had been attempting for 30 years . 
  the day pp and psoe ( yes , they directly elect the members of the constitutional tribunal ) turned down the statue of autonomy was the day me and most of my catalan fellows lost any faith in trying to dialogue diplomatically any more .
