  if only they had souls and a conscience . 
  i 'n neither here nor there on the post you replied to , but your answer serves no purpose at all . 
  disagree and state why , why is n't obamahama/teamusa doing enough or what are they doing ? 
  if you are interested in seeing some of the propaganda that is keeping people pro-russian on this matter , just go to an out-of-europe/the-west site and watch it . 
  i was on youku.com the other day and they were running pro-putin ads in between videos . 
  i get my view of norway from 10 + years of living in norway . 
  where does your view of this country come from ? 
  it 's true . 
  i do n't have any direct contact with them so i ca n't be 100 % sure but yes . 
  there are plenty of bulgarians/romanians begging on the streets in norway . 
  but if they want a job that pays they will need to learn norwegian and try not to look dirty and like they are thieves ( yes i know that 's essentially a xenophobic generalisation ) . 
  many people from eastern europe are in norway ( doing menial jobs and low-level training jobs ) and are treated like any other foreigner ( ie . 
  with suspicion and a cold shoulder ) . 
  it 's not ironic as my comment serves the purpose of pointing out the futility of the previous comment in the hope that that person will cease commenting in that way in the future . 
  engage comment that serves no purpose at all . 
  here , have a little blue arrow . 
  by now in not reading anything you write because you are either wholly ignorant of the situation or are just trolling . 
  excellent , that told the other half of the story . 
  on ops map norway and denmark rate worse than the uk with sweden on par , but those countries recycle and compost far more , whereas the uk just dumps it all in landfill sites . 
  this why it 's so hard to trust any ` statistics ' . 
  as anarchisto pointed out above , 63 is not a prime number , but is it a prime bumber ? 
  we will have to wait and see . 
  re : the title - i do n't think it will fit . 
  this is also about yet another government being pressured by private industry/people to make laws affecting all of us to serve that industry 's agenda , it 's not in the interests of the people of norway . 
  that 's what makes it sad , the wrong people influencing government . 
  so , what , i 'm expected to drive 20 mins to the nearest town with a shitty dvd store to buy a crap film on a friday night to drive 20 mins back to toss the disk in the trash on saturday morning ? 
  because that 's how i treat torrents . 
  i also watch a lot of european cinema , anyone want to tell me the outlets for that in norway because , oh right , they do n't exist . 
  at all . 
  anywhere . 
  netflix norway ? 
  last i checked the catalogue was so shit i unsubbed after the first month . 
  there were a few top 10 lists here on reddit for netflix , 10 best documentaries , 10 best comedies etc. 
  on norwegian netflix there was maybe max 4 out 10 for each list . 
  costs the same as netflix us though . 
  could get the us via a proxy , but then i 'm legally doing the same as torrenting , ie , avoiding regional copyright law . 
  so to the riaa and friends , piss off . 
  of course there will be people who contradict the greeks who told me of this to my face , it is reddit after all . 
  there are * other * currencies , 
  america was n't a system based in bribery and corruption at every level either . 
  so getting stuff done was n't such a big deal . 
  any greek will attest to the system they had/have . 
  drivers license ? 
  3 years wait or 1 week with a bribe ? 
  building permission ? 
  never or 1 week with a bribe . 
  passport application ? 
  1 year wait or 2 weeks with a bribe . 
  a lot of europeans feel that greek people got themselves into this mess , they can just as well get themselves out of it . 
  not really subjective given that any european country has a mean income for any given demographic and that new and used car prices are about the same across all regions within any european country . 
  so to the drummer of pink floyd a ferrari is inexpensive , but to the other 850000 people in that city a new audi a3 is expensive . 
  or do you mean that paraguay is relatively inexpensive because bill gates could buy it ? 
  i thought countries could prevent convicts ( or anyone really ) from being issued a passport ? 
  you can still leave , but how are you going to get back ? 
  passports are n't a right , they at the discretion of the government . 
  not under the european human rights charter it is n't . 
  look it up . 
  it 's what arsehole brevik is pursuing against the norwegian govt . 
  he 's generally disliked , his attitude sucks about so many things and he is never on time ( he 'll be the guy sitting in the morning meeting in a coat because he was through the door after the meeting started ) . 
  i tried being a friend to him many times but he is just too dumb and selfish , so now i just avoid . 
  i 'm not sure how you make that statement work in this context . 
  modern norway is built upon christian beliefs and the law and culture reflect that . 
  for example , muslim colleague was ` married ' because his church said so , but there was no paperwork registered with the state . 
  legally then , not married at all . 
  but the guy was completely dismissive of that fact because the govt . 
  are secondary to the church * always * in his head . 
  i do n't think any norwegian christians consider the church to be above the country 's laws , mainly because the laws were formed in line with christian beliefs . 
  but then , that applies to marriages of all faiths , and that highlights the problem with some religious thinking ; that ` my-god 's ' rules supersede the law . 
  i work with a well integrated muslim from afghanistan/pakistan and honestly believe integration is a crock of shit . 
  the guy was given a home and food , an education at a norwegian school with extra lessons for the language , and even shoehorned into the job * he * wanted all at the expense of the state . 
  everything norwegian comes secondary to his faith . 
  the law ? 
  quran first . 
  work hours and conditions ? 
  quran first . 
  scathing criticism of norwegian culture and people , quran rules again . 
  some people do n't know when they have it good and they do n't know who to thank . 
  have also a muslim friend , not colleague but actual friend , who has strong links back to his parent 's home country who adapts for both countries , but is very much his own man . 
  it can be done , but some people are just too stupid or brainwashed by religion . 
  i have 25 million !, 
  not in any recognized currency , but i have it . 
  that 's enough civility for now , please go back to acting like proper internet denizens , a bit of trolling , some hate speech and a meme from each of you , thank you very much . 
  the daft punk parody i 've been waiting for . 
  burger , eat it , do it , makes us bigger , slower , fatter , dumber . 
  just the poles and the french then ? 
   that is a lot less than for the danes . 
  here are some stats for 2010-2014 here is that in a table format wut | wen  | 2010 | 2011 | 2012 | 2013 | 2014 -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- guns drawn : | | 305 | 277 | 260 | 323 | 315 shots fired ( warning shots ) :| | 39 ( 6 ) | 86 ( 49 ) | 49 ( 6 ) | 58 ( 12 ) | 53 ( 17 ) use of truncheon ( ooer matron ) :| | 288 | 307 | 315 | 316 | 276 use of dog , no one bitten :| | 235 | 293 | 247 | 231 | 163 use of dog , citizens bitten :| | 194 | 186 | 171 | 99 | 106 teargas :| | 7 | 11 | 8 | 4 | 0 pepperspray : | | 1290 | 1654 | 1428 | 1149 | 810, 
  the rules is the rules is the rules !, 
  play shitty hotel roulette . 
  from your dethleffs motorhome . 
  partly because people who are n't monarchists like to to throw shit when t comes up , so it 's easier to just remain quiet on the subject . 
  i do n't think exchange students or foreign students on a student visa are counted as residents , as they are there purely on a ` holiday visa ' type basis . 
  me on the other hand , i live in norway . 
  i do not have norwegian citizenship and nor will i ever apply for it . 
  because i am scottish , not norwegian . 
  so i will be affected by this vote , but do n't get to vote . 
  does n't seem right . 
  can you point to where i said people i know did not care about it ? 
  i think you should read my comment a couple more times until you can reason a reply that is not simply reactionary . 
  slippery slope mate , if you start giving everyone a voice you 'll end up with a one vote per person system , levels of government from local to national each sending a representative to a house to vote on behalf of constituents and a parliamentary system that accepts the will if the people through those representatives .
