  slippery slope , ca n't have that . 
  what we need you see , pal , if i can call you pal , is a reddit like system where the minority , and by minority i mean less than 50 % of the people who turn out to vote , shout the loudest and try to get their way , and when they do n't get their way , they shout again until they do . 
  now that 's a fair system if ever i heard of one . 
  that 's not the people , family and friends , i know . 
  that was maybe a part of it , but i know people from those who can claim coats of arms to first gen scots and it was never a single issue referendum for them . 
  so why trigger a new referendum on that single issue when the other 500 issues have not changed ? 
  arguably no single person who voted snp ever thought in a million years that could ever happen . 
  it might as well have read `` well hold another one if the north sea turns out to be irn-bru . '', 
  so let 's rerun the last election for a scottish government given that the manifesto at the time appeared to have been written in lala land ( not the film ) . 
  got it , only votes with over 80 % in favour are counted . 
  this next referendum on independence is going to be tough for the yes crowd . 
  80 % is a lot . 
  aaaand they also voted no . 
  i think the eu issue is a false pretence for a new referendum on independence . 
  if the last uk-wide vote had been not on the eu but on whether or not to give greenland fishing rights off the coast of scotland , or to ban all cars , or worship cats , would that also be a valid reason to rerun the independence referendum ? 
  probably not , but some enterprising politician named after a fish will use it as such . 
  i feel the same way about brexit , i would not vote to leave the eu , but the electorate had their say and voted leave . 
  whoopsie democracy !, 
  let 's get on and make the best gb we can from here on in . 
  honestly , we did n't have 2 world wars so that some tracksuited illiterates from livingstoned could ruin the economy for the next half century . 
  enlightening , thanks . 
  i could n't tell if there was a thick layer of sarcasm there or if the % ages were a smokescreen . 
  it really does seem fair . 
  who are the snp to decide that this single issue that will have a lesser effect on the economy than independence is of such gravity as to trigger yet another referendum ? 
  they 're looking for loopholes and trying to force an agenda on an already democratically decided issue . 
  all in all they just look like sore losers . 
  that 's a good point , maybe the first vote , that i hope is n't going to happen because the issue has already been decided in a referendum , should be asking stay/leave if the result leads to yes/no so that all the people who voted stay in the uk can make it clear that that does n't automagically make them pro-independence . 
  your comment is so utterly vague i actually have no idea what your point is ? 
  care to clarify ? 
  my 2c : 1 . having watched quite a lot of bbc who do you think you are episodes , it is surprising how many of the people featured turned out to be something they never thought they were . 
  who would have guessed that monty don and iain hislop both had scottish grandfathers ? 
  two of the most `` english '' people on tv . 
  scotland and england are mixed up in ways not accounted for in sturgeon 's utopian dream . 
  2 . thanks for all the fish , sturgeon , but what about all the people who voted ` no ' in the last referendum ? 
  having a new referendum so soon is essentially saying that those people were `` wrong '' and dismissive of their votes . 
  she 's also dismissing leave voters in scotland . 
  scotland will be on its knees economically for decades if independence becomes a reality . 
  the economy will tank and all for a slice of misplaced national pride pie that was baked with rotten ingredients . 
  do n't why i wrote this , it already looked like the cesspool of / r/scotland had overflowed here before i began to type . 
  let 's all take a moment to think of those hot swedish female refugees soon to be crossing our borders into our holy white knight arms . 
  come on sweden , try collapsing a bit faster . 
  i do n't think bee it will get you barred from eu countries . 
  norway is n't eu and they can cross borders without a gestapo cavity search . 
  do you not read the news ? 
  trump raped all the horses !, 
  kenneth williams ' ghost , i presume . 
  ffs , norway is no utopia , lived here for 15 years and half this article is bullshit . 
  what they say about the govt 's . 
  system of transparency is true , but in reality you do n't know what others are earning and nobody talks about it . 
  favoritism and nepotism are rife in the workplace , stretching to a person 's wage too . 
  the country and it 's people are a bunch of liars and hypocrites . 
  same here in norway . 
  i think like any other hobby that once you get into it you start collecting and take an interest in the differences and similarities in the equipment . 
  uk has almost no-where left to hunt , and where it does happen , like culling of dear in scotland , you have to be a land-owner or employed by a land owner or part of an organized licensed shoot to get a license . 
  it is just really hard to get a gun . 
  then when you get it you have to keep it in a locked type-approved gun cupboard . 
  if you pass the police background check . 
  the types of guns are also extremely limited . 
  no autos , semi-autos or small arms like pistols that can be concealed . 
  so you are , as the average joe , limited to 10 and 12 gauge single and double barrel shotguns and .22 bolt-action rifles . 
  and you might want to be a farmer with a farm of your own . 
  i 'd say he same is true for norway , they are people who hunt in the woods and people who do skiing and shooting ( like you see in the winter sports ) . 
  the remaining percentage are probably lapsed hunters and sports people . 
  some have guns because they were in the military and i think ( but not sure i 'm correct on this ) they are allowed to keep a weapon at home as a part of national defense should an emergency occur . 
  nobody has a gun for self-defense as a primary reason . 
  i do n't know if they share the vote between the countries , i 'm guessing they do n't , but there nothing to stop them talking amongst themselves . 
  scorchio !, 
  you 'll never win the world series without first establishing the porto reich . 
  why do yo eve watch eurovision ? 
  it 's not about good music , it 's about wanting yodelling to win !, 
  i believe the commentator said that these votes were decided the day before . 
  hairy good ... yes , that what it means . 
  i make jokes in norwegian that nobody gets because they assume i 'm making a mistake when it is in fact just me messing around in my head . 
  it 's one of those ` people think i 'm stupid ' when i 'm not things . 
  for example i say `` bra det ha det '' instead of `` ha det bra '' . 
  i know it 's stupid but i think it 's funny . 
  also , has you moustache ? 
  as a scot who has lived in norway for 10 years i can tell you i really struggle talking to people like you !, 
  it also ruffles my jimmies that business will employ you lot before me and my ` norwegian as a second language ' accent when i 'm more easily understood in my wonky oslo version than you people are in in your native tongue . 
  hairy good , whorer yai so doorly oot ? 
  an excellent idea . 
  you could style it up a bit though . 
  the table a search produces for an entire month is harsh on the eyes , even just striping it would make it easier to read . 
  i would also make it very clear what are dates and what are times , if it takes a user more than 4 seconds to work it out on their own they are never coming back . 
  this is not just me saying 4 secs out of nowhere , it 's established ixd . 
  from norway this is not a problem as ryanair are the only budget airline to fly here . 
  there are low-cost airlines competing , but ryanair is almost always cheaper by large margin . 
  why have you written that in a yorkshire/geordie accent ? 
  why would northerners hate themselves ? 
  is it because you have no idea what a scottish accent sounds like ? 
  and rightly so , too . 
  so the uk government sits in bel-fucking-fast then ? 
  you did say it , you just did n't name it . 
  yes , because anything good that comes from scotland has to have england behind it . 
  really , scots can think for themselves . 
  who downvoted you for that ? 
  it 's common knowledge in all of scandinavia that the scandic countries are norway , sweden , denmark , ~ ~ finland ~ ~ and iceland . 
  but not ever , never ever , never is finland . 
  edit : removed finland from the list of things i was making the point of finland not being in . 
  it seems that despite my consistent reassurances to myself , i am indeed stupid .
