does it blend ? 
  oh you meant ... nivaminds . 
  i 'm looking forward to this `` yes '' march being the main news item all day today on bbc radio 2 news , just like the pro-union orange march was yesterday ( sat . 
  13th sept ) . 
  unbiased bbc . 
  incidentally , the guardian , who have also been criticized for holding a `` no '' slant came out on friday last , the 12th sept , with a leading editorial asking for a no vote . 
  and these news sources were pretending impartiality until now , but we can see that was just a mask . 
  i honestly believe that a no vote will succeed , not because of the issues , but because the propaganda machine from the south has worked exceedingly well . 
  hate your enemy . 
  he did n't say scotland does n't have one , he said he hopes scotland gets the one * it deserves * . 
  huge difference there . 
  muslims do n't wear turbans . 
  sikhs wear turbans . 
  you ca n't even get that right , we 're taking about people from india . 
  fyi , i 'm not answering any more comments that include insults and name-calling . 
  the distinction is of no importance . 
  congratulations on finally being goaded into a serious response instead of just the name-calling and superficial fluff you came with before . 
  you have now contributed to this debate . 
  stop avoiding the question with your racial profiling and `` i am absolutely not one of those people ! '', 
  agenda . 
  resorting to insults is n't making you look like the open minded person you think you are . 
  are you going to draw a picture or not ? 
  i 'm not going to wait forever and i would have thought crayon art would really suit your mental capacity too . 
  implying that people in the uk with a turban on are n't british . 
  racist much ? 
  another bad analogy , as i can tell you as a scot that there are n't many who can claim not to have english ( or other ) blood mixed in . 
  so in a sense all scottish people are no different than the english . 
  it 's everyone else in this thread that desperate to prove a clear distinction between gypsies , romanians etc. 
  by not making the distinction i 'm being the least racist if you all . 
  still resorting to insults because you have no argument that makes sense . 
  what you 're doing here , in your desperation to place romanians up there on the list of 21st century victims who we should all pity , is ignore the fact that norwegians do n't need to beg either . 
  if you are here legally , you get help . 
  if not legally admitted to the country then just like any other country you will be deported . 
  it is n't a bad thing for norwegian beggars either as contact with the police will lead to contact with social services which = getting help . 
  the police here are n't going to ` abuse the law ' because they are n't the police in the us or any other country where they get a bad rap for that kind of behaviour , even if errors do occur occasionally . 
  do n't believe all the anti-police hype you hear . 
  the primary failing of your argument , and everyone else rabidly downvoting me in this thread , is that you do n't really know the situation here and how the country and it 's people work . 
  you think you are fighting for an oppressed underdog but all you are doing is enabling a criminal element ( gypsi romani romanians whatever or whoever they are it does n't matter , we could label them `` well tanned and not norwegian with a liking for accordions '' ) , and a second group , white homeless people , who are better served by getting help instead being allowed to live on the streets . 
  let me ask you a question , where do norway 's homeless go for 2-3 months in winter when it 's so cold that a human would die outside ? 
  they go inside where help is at hand . 
  or they leave and go home . 
  the beggars do n't need to beg , help is there for everyone and that is what this law is partly about . 
  it 's about stopping people doing the unnecessary because they either are n't meant to be there in the first place or they are n't receiving the help they can obtain . 
  either way this law is intended to clean up a situation that has gotten out of control . 
  what 's your solution to the problem ? 
  just let them carry on ? 
  death camps ? 
  have the tax-payer foot the bill for people who have no ties to the country ? 
  drop the liberal white-knight bullshit and come with a realistic solution if it irks you so much . 
  an exceptional riposte , join our debating society today . 
  you are exactly the sort of simple minded person who needs pictures to communicate that the society depends upon . 
  well done you !, 
   however , there are no guarantees that the law will work . 
  regardless if the law works or not , especially if it does , what is there to stop the police to abuse the law for people who it 's not intended to affect ? 
  this lacks logic and could be applied to almost any law at any time . 
  what makes you think it * will * be abused any more than any other law ? 
  when you turn to insults you know you lost the debate . 
  as i 've stated elsewhere , i do n't care what subset of whatever they are from , they have no place on our streets and they need to either work and pay taxes , attempt to get into a situation whereby they show willingness to work and pay taxes , or they need to fuck off back down south . 
  it is n't our problem to solve . 
  it 's really a matter of `` i do n't care , just get them off the streets '' , romani , romanian , whatever . 
  get them off the fucking streets . 
  point to the comment where i said all beggars are romani and i 'll still not take you seriously . 
  but point to the comment anyway , because for as long are you are making stuff up to comply with your own agenda nothing else you say can be taken seriously . 
  seriously . 
  still do n't care , untwist your panties . 
  the law and the ban are n't about these people you mention . 
  they ca n't make a law that discriminates based on place of origin , so they make a law that overs everyone . 
  but it is aimed at the groups of romanians because the people you are talking about are n't numerous enough to be a problem . 
  even your admission that `` they are in the minority '' clues yo in to the solution to the problem ; get rid of the * majority who are a problem * and you are left without a problem at all . 
  also , despite what a lot of swedes like to think , norway and sweden are * not the same * and you need to realise that . 
  the video is spin , the real problem in norwegian cities is from romanian types in groups who are begging professionally . 
  anyone who commutes in and out of oslo or lives in oslo knows what the problem really is . 
  keep on downvoting me gypsy , it 's really working !, 
  draw me a picture . 
  remember to title it : things headpuncher could n't give a fuck about . 
  i do n't give a fuck what subset they belong to , you are trying to derail the real debate by being a dull pedant . 
  the point is that in norway there is help for everyone , so get up off your arse and work , and stop thieving from people who do work . 
  being from the uk i 'm struggling to understand what that has to do with anything . 
  indians are about the worst example you could think of , they all worked themselves to death to send their children to university , i 've never seen an indian sit in the street and ask for charity . 
  what are you on about , i mean really ? 
  they speak romanian which is a bit of a giveaway , and no way are they finnish or spanish because despite what some white-knights here want to believe , romany people look romany . 
  you can dress it up any way you want , but many norwegians are shit-fucking-tired of the situation . 
  if you are here legally you get housing , food , help finding work and help to learn the language all for free . 
  so begging is seen as a real cop-out , it 's lazier than lazy . 
  and they are * everywhere * now . 
  i work in oslo and live nearby , i think i can tell the gypsies apart from norwegians and i know what the situation is . 
  it 's not so much aimed at people who beg , because norway does have a system in which everyone can get help , but it 's about stopping organised teams of romanians filling every corner of the city . 
  it 's getting to be ridiculous in oslo . 
  at the risk of sounding like a cop-out i ca n't link to anything , this was pre-video ads and i ca n't remember what is was watching aside from it being k-pop girl groups ) . 
  the `` ad '' specifically was a ` putin addresses the crimea issue from the communist standpoint ' segment . 
  it was n't anything i clicked and it ran for a few minutes . 
  but providing a url for an ad ... how would i even do that ? 
  the 2 sites are n't exactly alike , youku is more like netflix . 
  i 'm sure russians actually just pirate what they want but the ads probably run to keep the communist ideal alive . 
  you highlight one of the problems and misunderstandings of a unified europe in which countries are still able to operate independently but are expected to act in unison like the united states ( sic ) . 
  it 's the source of conflict across much of europe , we want to be little counties , but we want to have the bargaining power of large region/continent . 
  can we have it both ways ? 
  france really should n't be selling weapons to russia but if they do n't britain , norway or germany most certainly will . 
  which brings us nicely to d-day . 
  this is when the assholes at the top really ought to put their current differences aside and reflect on the past , present and future .
